
@_date: 2004-11-14 02:46:53
@_author: Aftergood, Steven 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 11/14/04 
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2004, Issue No. 100
November 14, 2004
**	THE ARRIVAL OF SECRET LAW
**	TSA THREATENS TO ARREST LEAKERS
**	SUPPORT SECRECY NEWS
THE ARRIVAL OF SECRET LAW
Last month, Helen Chenoweth-Hage attempted to board a United
Airlines flight from Boise to Reno when she was pulled aside by
airline personnel for additional screening, including a pat-down
search for weapons or unauthorized materials.
Chenoweth-Hage, an ultra-conservative former Congresswoman (R-ID),
requested a copy of the regulation that authorizes such pat-downs.
"She said she wanted to see the regulation that required the
additional procedure for secondary screening and she was told that
she couldn't see it," local TSA security director Julian Gonzales
told the Idaho Statesman (10/10/04).
"She refused to go through additional screening [without seeing the
regulation], and she was not allowed to fly," he said. "It's
pretty simple."
Chenoweth-Hage wasn't seeking disclosure of the internal criteria
used for screening passengers, only the legal authorization for
passenger pat-downs.  Why couldn't they at least let her see that?
asked Statesman commentator Dan Popkey.
"Because we don't have to," Mr. Gonzales replied crisply.
"That is called 'sensitive security information.'  She's not
allowed to see it, nor is anyone else," he said.
Thus, in a qualitatively new development in U.S. governance,
Americans can now be obligated to comply with legally-binding
regulations that are unknown to them, and that indeed they are
forbidden to know.
This is not some dismal Eastern European allegory.  It is part of a
continuing transformation of American government that is leaving
it less open, less accountable and less susceptible to rational
deliberation as a vehicle for change.
Harold C. Relyea once wrote an article entitled "The Coming of
Secret Law" (Government Information Quarterly, vol. 5, no. 2,
1988) that electrified readers (or at least one reader) with its
warning about increased executive branch reliance on secret
presidential directives and related instruments.
Back in the 1980s when that article was written, secret law was
still on the way.  Now it is here.
A new report from the Congressional Research Service describes with
welcome clarity how, by altering a few words in the Homeland
Security Act, Congress "significantly broadened" the government's
authority to generate "sensitive security information," including
an entire system of "security directives" that are beyond public
scrutiny, like the one former Rep. Chenoweth-Hage sought to
The CRS report provides one analyst's perspective on how the secret
regulations comport or fail to comport with constitutional rights,
such as the right to travel and the right to due process.  CRS
does not make its reports directly available to the public, but a
copy was obtained by Secrecy News.
See "Interstate Travel: Constitutional Challenges to the
Identification Requirement and Other Transportation Security
Regulations," Congressional Research Service, November 4, 2004:
      Much of the CRS discussion revolves around the case of software
designer and philanthropist John Gilmore, who was prevented from
boarding an airline flight when he refused to present a photo ID.
(A related case involving no-fly lists has been brought by the
"I will not show government-issued identity papers to travel in my
own country," Mr. Gilmore said.
Mr. Gilmore's insistence on his right to preserve anonymity while
traveling on commercial aircraft is naturally debatable -- but the
government will not debate it.  Instead, citing the statute on
"sensitive security information," the Bush Administration says the
case cannot be argued in open court.
Further information on Gilmore v. Ashcroft, which is pending on
appeal, may be found here:
      TSA THREATENS TO ARREST LEAKERS
Efforts by the Transportation Security Administration to
investigate air marshals for talking to the press or the public
"were appropriate under the circumstances," the Department of
Homeland Security Inspector General said last week, and did not
constitute a "witch hunt."
However, "air marshals from two locations said that they were
threatened with arrest and prosecution if they were found to have
released sensitive security information (SSI), even though release
of SSI is not a prosecutable offense," the Inspector General said.
In a related overstatement, Federal Air Marshal Service policy says
that "employees who release classified information or records in
any form without authority from the Classified Documents Custodian
are in violation of United States Code and are subject to arrest
and prosecution," the DHS Inspector General (IG) noted.
But "We question the legal accuracy of this policy statement, which
seems to criminalize all releases of classified information," the
IG wrote.
The unauthorized disclosure of classified information is a criminal
offense only in certain narrowly defined circumstances.
See "Review of Alleged Actions by TSA to Discipline Federal Air
Marshals for Talking to the Press, Congress, or the Public," DHS
Inspector General Audit Report, November 2004:
      SUPPORT SECRECY NEWS
Secrecy News has a big hole in its budget for the coming year.  Can
you help?
If you have learned something useful, valuable or interesting from
Secrecy News over the past year, then please consider supporting
this publication and the work of the FAS Project on Government
Donations may be made online here (click "donate now" and make sure
to designate your contribution for "Secrecy News"):
      Or mail a check payable to the Federation of American Scientists
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, send email to
      secrecy_news-request at lists.fas.org
with "subscribe" in the body of the message.
To UNSUBSCRIBE, send a blank email message to
      secrecy_news-remove at lists.fas.org
OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
      Secrecy News has an RSS feed at:
      Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2012-04-18 08:28:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 04/18/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 36
April 18, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     GAO COMPLETES AN "INTELLIGENCE-RELATED" REVIEW
**     SECRET SYSTEMS CLUTTER THE ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM
**     THE EVOLVING MISSIONS OF THE SECRET SERVICE, AND MORE FROM CRS
GAO COMPLETES AN "INTELLIGENCE-RELATED" REVIEW
Following years of controversy, the Government Accountability Office this
week released an unclassified version of its long-awaited report on FBI
The report itself comes as an anti-climax, but it is the first GAO report
involving intelligence-related matters to be completed since the issuance
of an intelligence community directive last summer which authorized GAO to
gain access to certain intelligence agency information.  As such, it may
herald a growing role for GAO in intelligence oversight.
Given the FBI's and the Justice Department's stubborn resistance to this
GAO review, which was suspended for two years as a result, one might have
expected the resulting report to address matters of the greatest
significance and sensitivity -- perhaps dealing with infiltration of
mosques, allegations of entrapment, unauthorized domestic surveillance, or
something along those lines.
Instead, however, the new report is about as mundane as it could be.  It
examines the FBI's progress in filling vacancies in its counterterrorism
division -- which is part of the intelligence community -- and concludes
that the Bureau has indeed made reasonable progress in doing so.  Fine.  (The classified version of the report contains specific personnel numbers
which have been withheld in the unclassified version because the FBI
considered them sensitive.)  See "FBI Counterterrorism: Vacancies Have
Declined, but FBI Has Not Assessed the Long-Term Sustainability of Its
Strategy for Addressing Vacancies," Report No. GAO-12-533, April 2012:
Even within the narrow context of human capital, the GAO report does not
inquire whether the FBI's mission performance has been adversely affected
by the number of vacancies in its ranks, or whether in fact those vacant
positions might be superfluous.
That might be an interesting line of inquiry, but GAO can only pursue the
questions that Congress asks it to pursue, said David C. Maurer of GAO, and
Congress didn't ask that question.
While the substance of the new GAO report is of ephemeral interest, the
report may nevertheless have long-term significance as a catalyst for, and
a portent of, greater GAO involvement in intelligence oversight.  If
nothing else, the multi-year controversy over this report prompted the
issuance last year of Intelligence Community Directive 114 that made its
completion possible.
"I hope it's an indication that the door is open to a continuing role for
GAO on intelligence matters," said Mr. Maurer said of the new report, while
acknowledging that it is still only "a data point of one."
SECRET SYSTEMS CLUTTER THE ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM
The difficulty that the military has in allocating the efficient use of
the electromagnetic spectrum for military operations is aggravated by the
fact that some of those uses -- involving intelligence platforms and
sensors -- are secret even from military planners themselves, a new
Pentagon doctrinal publication notes.
"Coordination with intelligence units and agencies can be challenging for
many reasons, to include classification issues, disparate data formats, and
separate technical control or reporting channels," the publication states.
"In many cases, the JSME [joint spectrum management element] does not have
adequate visibility or knowledge of intelligence sensors, platforms, or
systems in order to accomplish accurate deconfliction."
"In order to capture all aspects of intelligence spectrum use, the JSME
must understand that intelligence platforms such as UAS/unmanned ground
system will have spectrum requirements for both a payload (e.g., imagery or
data) and control frequencies to operate the platform."
"Intelligence is a heavy user of sensors that employ both active and
passive techniques. Active sensors are usually accounted for, but the
passive sensors will also require spectrum consideration so they perform
See "Joint Electromagnetic Spectrum Management Operations," Joint
Publication 6-01, Joint Chiefs of Staff, March 20, 2012 (at page V-12):
THE EVOLVING MISSIONS OF THE SECRET SERVICE, AND MORE FROM CRS
Though it does not mention anything about Secret Service agents hiring
prostitutes in Colombia last week, a newly updated report from the
Congressional Research Service provides a timely discussion of "The U.S.
Secret Service: An Examination and Analysis of Its Evolving Missions,"
April 16, 2012:
Some other new or newly updated CRS reports obtained by Secrecy News
include the following.
An Overview of Tax Provisions Expiring in 2012, April 17, 2012:
Private Health Insurance Market Reforms in the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act (ACA), April 16, 2012:
Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (PBGC): A Fact Sheet, April 16, 2012:
Nanotechnology: A Policy Primer, April 13, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-08-01 10:09:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 08/01/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 78
August 1, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     WHAT IS AN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE?
**     US ARMS SALES TO PAKISTAN, AND MORE FROM CRS
WHAT IS AN UNAUTHORIZED DISCLOSURE?
The anti-leak provisions proposed by the Senate Intelligence Committee in
the pending FY2013 intelligence authorization act have been widely
criticized as misconceived and ill-suited to achieving their presumed
But they also suffer from a lack of clarity and an absence of definitions
of crucial terms.
For example, there is no clear definition of "the news media" to whom
unauthorized disclosures are to be prohibited, as noted today by Josh
Gerstein in Politico.  Certainly a reporter for a national news
organization is a member of the news media, but what about a blogger who
produces original reporting?  Or a tweeter who spreads previously
undisclosed information?
Nor is the term "classified information" defined in the new bill as
precisely as one would wish.  By contrast, the Freedom of Information Act,
for example, limits withholding of information on national security grounds
to records that are "properly classified."  Merely being "classified" is
not enough to warrant an exemption from disclosure under FOIA.  (In a
pending lawsuit, a court has ordered the US Trade Representative to
publicly release a classified document that the court said was not properly
classified. The government has so far refused.  Which position is
The new Senate bill does not make any practical distinction between
properly and improperly classified information, though it directs the DNI
to address the issue in a report to Congress (section 504).
In fact, the very concept of an "unauthorized disclosure" is not clearly
articulated in the bill.  What is it, exactly?  Though the answer may seem
obvious, it is actually subject to conflicting interpretations.
According to a May 8, 2004 FBI interview with then-Vice President Dick
Cheney, "it is possible to talk about something contained in a classified
document without violating the law regarding declassification [sic]."
"For example, the Vice President has made numerous public statements about
Iraq's weapons of mass destruction which were based on and, in some cases
tracked, his reading of classified information...," according to the FBI
record of the interview.  "However, he did not violate any relevant laws or rules in making these
statements because he did not reveal the confidential sources or methods
involved in gathering the classified information," the Vice President told
the FBI (at p. 26).
"Vice President Cheney advised that he believed it was justifiable to rely
on classified information to shape and inform what one says publicly."
This is not a particularly orthodox view of classification policy.  But
would such reliance on classified information in public statements
constitute an unauthorized disclosure in the eyes of the Senate
Intelligence Committee?  It's unclear.
In any event, the Senate Intelligence Committee bill would not apply to
White House officials.  Nor would it penalize unauthorized disclosures
originating in Congress.
The inconsistency in the Senate approach was highlighted today in two
"Bill to plug leaks doesn't reach White House" by Josh Gerstein, Politico:
and "Senate's anti-leaking bill doesn't address the real sources of
information" by David Ignatius, Washington Post:
US ARMS SALES TO PAKISTAN, AND MORE FROM CRS
New products of the Congressional Research Service that have not been made
readily available to the public include these:
Major U.S. Arms Sales and Grants to Pakistan Since 2001, July 25, 2012:
Direct Overt U.S. Aid and Military Reimbursements to Pakistan,
FY2002-FY2013, July 27, 2012:
Georgia [Republic]: Recent Developments and U.S. Interests, July 13, 2012:
The Proposed Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement: Background and Key
Issues, July 19, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-08-08 08:46:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 08/08/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 81
August 8, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     SECRECY NEWS ODDS AND ENDS
**     UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS FOR MILLIONAIRES, AND MORE FROM CRS
SECRECY NEWS ODDS AND ENDS
A coalition of public interest groups asked the Senate and House
Intelligence Committees to preserve an existing requirement for the
Intelligence Community to produce an annual report on the number of
security clearances.  "We believe the annual report on security clearances
provides exceptional value to the public and should continue to be
published," the groups wrote.  The Senate Intelligence Committee markup of
the 2013 intelligence authorization bill would repeal the reporting
Last week the Senate confirmed four of the five nominees to the
long-dormant Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board.  The nominations
of James Dempsey, Elisabeth Collins Cook, Rachel Brand and Patricia Wald
were unanimously confirmed.  For unexplained reasons, the Senate did not
act upon the nomination of David Medine to serve as Board chairman.
The Naval Criminal Investigative Service contacted the Wired Danger Room
blog to inquire where its reporter obtained a certain unclassified document
five years ago and to ask that the document, which was marked "for official
use only," be taken offline.  "Danger Room, through its attorney, declined
to provide the information, or to answer any questions related to the
reporting of the story.  The document has not been removed."
A government information security official not involved in the matter said
it was possible there was more to the story than appeared on the surface.  "If the [NCIS] investigation is about the FOUO document, then it's
ridiculous. If it's about something else, we might not ever know."
The House Intelligence Committee filed its report on the extension of the
FISA Amendments Act.  Like its counterparts on the Judiciary Committee, the
Intelligence Committee rejected amendments that would shorten the extension
of the law and increase public oversight of its implementation.
With little fanfare or self-congratulation, the National Reconnaissance
Office and the National Security Agency have been steadily declassifying
and releasing historical intelligence records.  "This tremendous amount of
information released in the past year is credit to an impressive
declassification program within the intelligence services," wrote historian
Dwayne Day in an assessment of the latest NRO releases. "The US military
and intelligence space programs during the first couple of decades of the
space age can now be described in incredible detail and understood far
better than before."
UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS FOR MILLIONAIRES, AND MORE FROM CRS
Thousands of Americans who have a gross annual income of more than a
million dollars have also been collecting unemployment benefits, according
to IRS data compiled in a new report from the Congressional Research
That description fits only a tiny fraction of a percent of those receiving
unemployment benefits, and is obviously not typical of recipients of
unemployment insurance.  But neither does it violate any law. The issue has
prompted pending legislation to restrict benefits based on income.
See Receipt of Unemployment Insurance by Higher-Income Unemployed Workers
("Millionaires"), August 2, 2012:
A persistent controversy in Japan concerning a U.S. Marine base in Okinawa
is reviewed in another new report from the Congressional Research Service.  See The U.S. Military Presence in Okinawa and the Futenma Base Controversy,
August 3, 2012:
Other new and updated CRS reports that CRS is not authorized to release to
the public include the following.
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: Background and Current
Developments, August 3, 2012:
U.S.-China Relations: Policy Issues, August 2, 2012:
Uzbekistan: Recent Developments and U.S. Interests, August 3, 2012:
Global Security Contingency Fund (GSCF): Summary and Issue Overview,
August 1, 2012:
Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Education: A
Primer, August 1, 2012:
Continuing Resolutions: Overview of Components and Recent Practices,
August 6, 2012:
Department of Homeland Security: FY2013 Appropriations, August 3, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-08-27 07:00:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 08/27/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 85
August 27, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     GUIDANCE ON NUCLEAR TARGETING IS "TIGHTLY CONTROLLED"
**     SCI NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT REQUIRES PREPUBLICATION REVIEW
**     PRESIDENTIAL CLAIMS OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, AND MORE FROM CRS
GUIDANCE ON NUCLEAR TARGETING IS "TIGHTLY CONTROLLED" U.S. government guidance on the targeting of nuclear weapons is perhaps
the most tightly held of all national security secrets, and "fewer than
twenty" copies of the President's instructions on the subject are extant
within the entire Department of Defense.
Following a November 2011 hearing of the House Armed Services Committee,
Rep. Michael Turner (R-OH) asked "How many military and civilian personnel
in the executive branch have full or partial access to nuclear employment
and targeting guidance?"
In newly published responses to questions for the record, Under Secretary
of Defense James N. Miller said the answer was "a very small group of
personnel in the executive branch."
"Even within the Department of Defense (DOD), access to this sensitive
material is tightly controlled," Dr. Miller added. "Within the Department
of Defense, fewer than twenty copies of the President's guidance are
distributed in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, and
U.S. Strategic Command."
The nuclear weapons guidance issued by the Secretary of Defense and the
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs to implement the President's instructions is
somewhat more broadly disseminated.
"Fewer than 200 copies of the most recent amplifying guidance issued by
the Secretary of Defense were produced, and distribution was limited
primarily to Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, U.S.
Strategic Command, and other Combatant Commanders. The Chairman's guidance
is distributed more widely within DOD (fewer than 200 copies), as the
document assigns responsibilities to several defense agencies and the
intelligence community. Commander, U.S. Strategic Command must issue
guidance to his planners and forces in the field, so distribution is
somewhat wider because of that need."
What about congressional access?  "How many personnel in the legislative
branch have full or partial access to each level of guidance?", Rep. Turner
Dr. Miller declined to answer that question directly.
"There is a long history of debate about providing the legislative branch
access to this material," he said. "As a result, instances of providing
access to a member of Congress and senior staff personnel have been quite
limited and under restrictive terms."
In fact, the history of debate over congressional access to nuclear
targeting information was never conclusively resolved, as far as is
publicly known.  In 2000, then-Sen. Robert Kerrey criticized the Department
of Defense repeatedly for refusing to provide the information.
"As elected representatives of the people, and with a Constitutional role
in determining national security policy, Congress should have an
understanding of the principles underpinning our nuclear policy. Both the
guidance provided by the President and the details of the SIOP [nuclear
weapons targeting plan] are necessary for us to make informed national
security decisions," Sen. Kerrey said on the Senate floor on June 30, 2000.
Sen. Kerrey wrote to then-Secretary of Defense William Cohen seeking an
explanation of the Department's policy on congressional access to nuclear
targeting information.
But no reply was ever received.
In the newly released questions for the record, which address a
multiplicity of nuclear policy issues, Rep. Turner also asked "How many
military personnel have full or partial access to STRATCOM's OPLAN 8010?",
referring to the U.S. Strategic Command nuclear war plan.
"Full access to all portions of OPLAN 8010 is limited to our most senior
leadership," replied Gen. C. Robert Kehler, STRATCOM Commander.
For background on OPLAN 8010, see "Obama and the Nuclear War Plan" by Hans
M. Kristensen, Federation of American Scientists, February 2010:
SCI NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT REQUIRES PREPUBLICATION REVIEW
If the former Navy SEAL who co-authored a new book about killing of Osama
bin Laden signed a non-disclosure agreement for access to "sensitive
compartmented information" (i.e., classified intelligence information),
then he was obliged to submit his manuscript to the government for
prepublication review even if he believed that it contained no classified
A sample SCI non-disclosure agreement that is used by the Department of
Defense is here:
If the book did contain classified information, then the author could
conceivably be subject to criminal prosecution under the Espionage Act.  But even if it did not contain classified information, its publication
without prior review could be deemed a breach of contract, with the
proceeds subject to seizure by the government.
The government's authority to enforce a non-disclosure agreement in this
way was affirmed by a federal court most recently in the case of USA v.
Ishmael Jones.  In that case, Jones (the pseudonym of a former CIA officer)
published his manuscript without completing the prepublication review
Last week, Adm. William H. McRaven of U.S. Special Operations Command
condemned the disclosure of classified information by former special
operators, as well as other forms of activism that tended to politicize the
"While as retired or former service members, they are well within their
rights to advocate for certain causes or write books about their
adventures, it is disappointing when these actions either try to represent
the broader S.O.F. community, or expose sensitive information that could
threaten the lives of their fellow warriors," McRaven wrote in an email to
all special operation personnel.
"We will pursue every option available to hold members accountable,
including criminal prosecution where appropriate," he wrote, as reported by
Kimberly Dozier of the Associated Press.
"Today, U.S. Special Operations Forces are in 78 countries around the
world supporting U.S. policy objectives," Adm. McRaven told Congress last
The SOCOM budget request for FY2013 is $10.4 billion.  "The FY 2013 budget
includes 21 construction projects in nine states, one overseas, and one at
a classified location," Adm. McRaven said in the 2012 SOCOM posture
PRESIDENTIAL CLAIMS OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not made available to the public include the following.
Presidential Claims of Executive Privilege: History, Law, Practice, and
Recent Developments, August 21, 2012:
Congress's Contempt Power and the Enforcement of Congressional Subpoenas:
Law, History, Practice, and Procedure, updated August 17, 2012:
Iraq: Politics, Governance, and Human Rights, updated August 21, 2012:
An Overview of the "Patent Trolls" Debate, August 20, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-12-19 06:36:17
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 12/19/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 127
December 19, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     CAN DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFO BE AUTHORIZED?
**     RISING ECONOMIC POWERS, AND MORE FROM CRS
**     IMAGERY DECLASSIFICATION PREPARATIONS CONTINUE
**     JASON ON "COMPRESSIVE SENSING" FOR DOD SENSORS
CAN DISCLOSURES OF CLASSIFIED INFO BE AUTHORIZED?
It is plainly true that executive branch officials will sometimes disclose
classified information to reporters and other uncleared individuals.  But
this practice is not explicitly authorized in any official statement of
classification policy.  In fact, with an exception for life-threatening
emergencies, it is usually understood to be prohibited.
How can the obviously flexible practice and the seemingly prohibitive
policy be reconciled? A newly updated report from the Congressional
Research Service presents a close reading of the relevant rules and
regulations in search of some wiggle room for authorized disclosures of
classified information.
"Nothing in the Executive Order addresses an informal procedure for
releasing classified information [to reporters].  E.O. 13526 section 1.1
provides that '[c]lassified information shall not be declassified
automatically as a result of any *unauthorized* disclosure of identical or
similar information,' but does not address what happens in the event of a
disclosure that was in fact authorized," the CRS report observes.
"By definition, classified information is designated as such based on
whether its *unauthorized* disclosure can reasonably be expected to cause a
certain level of damage to the national security. This may be read to
suggest that disclosures may be authorized under such circumstances when no
damage to national security is reasonably expected."  (But under those
circumstances, it might be noted, the information should be promptly
The CRS report, written by legislative attorney Jennifer K. Elsea,
continues:  "Nothing in the order provides explicit authority to release
classified information that exists apart from the authority to declassify,
but it is possible that such discretionary authority is recognized to
release information outside the community of authorized holders without
formally declassifying it."  Indeed, this appears to be an accurate
characterization of actual practice.
In any case, "there is little to stop agency heads and other high-ranking
officials from releasing classified information to persons without a
security clearance when it is seen as suiting government needs."  Again, an
accurate description-- particularly since "the Attorney General has
prosecutorial discretion to choose which leaks to prosecute."
See "The Protection of Classified Information: The Legal Framework,"
updated December 17, 2012:
Overall, "Executive Branch policy appears to treat an official disclosure
as a declassifying event, while non-attributed disclosures [to reporters or
others] have no effect on the classification status of the information,"
the author writes.
"For example, the Department of Defense instructs agency officials, in the
event that classified information appears in the media, to neither confirm
nor deny the accuracy of the information.  The Under Secretary of Defense
for Intelligence is then advised to 'consult with the Assistant Secretary
of Defense for Public Affairs and other officials having a primary interest
in the information to determine if the information was officially released
under proper authority.'"
But, the CRS report astutely notes, the relevant DoD regulation "does not
clarify what happens in the event the disclosure turns out to have been
properly authorized."
And so it seems that the DoD regulation offers the conceptual space for an
authorized disclosure of classified information.
(As if to provide an ironic illustration of the point, the Under Secretary
of Defense for Intelligence himself -- Michael Vickers -- was reportedly
cited in a referral to the Department of Justice for disclosing potentially
restricted information concerning the pursuit of Osama bin Laden to
filmmakers.  See "Bin Laden film leak was referred to Justice; leaker top
Obama official" by Marisa Taylor and Jonathan S. Landay, McClatchy
Newspapers, December 17, 2012.  In a statement last night, the Department
of Defense confirmed that Mr. Vickers is a subject of a pending Inspector
General investigation.  But it said the information in question was
unclassified in its entirety.)
The CRS report naturally does not constitute an authoritative
interpretation of the executive order, and in some respects it may be in
error.  The report mistakenly states (at footnote 51) that the DOJ Media
Leak Questionnaire that agencies must complete when a referring a leak for
investigation is "apparently... part of a Memorandum of Understanding
concluded between the Department of Justice and elements of the
Intelligence Community."  But a review of the Memorandum, described in
Secrecy News earlier this week, shows that that supposition is incorrect.  The two are separate documents.  See "Crimes Reports and the Leak Referral
Process," Secrecy News, December 17, 2012:
Anti-leak legislation that is pending in the Senate would require
executive branch officials to record all authorized disclosures of
classified intelligence to the press, and to notify Congress when they
occur (cf. sections 501 and 502 of Title V of the FY 2013 intelligence
authorization bill).
These provisions, which may prove unworkable in practice, are presumably
intended to enable Congress to publicly comment on classified intelligence
matters with the same freedom that agency officials already do.  But the
public interest concern raised by the notification provisions is that if
they are strictly imposed, they may discourage all authorized disclosures
of classified intelligence, yielding a net reduction in public access to
government information.
RISING ECONOMIC POWERS, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has directed CRS not to release to the public include the
Rising Economic Powers and U.S. Trade Policy, December 3, 2012:
Unauthorized Aliens Residing in the United States: Estimates Since 1986,
December 13, 2012:
DOD Alternative Fuels: Policy, Initiatives and Legislative Activity,
December 14, 2012:
Federal Land Ownership: Current Acquisition and Disposal Authorities,
December 13, 2012:
The Controlled Substances Act: Regulatory Requirements, December 13, 2012:
IMAGERY DECLASSIFICATION PREPARATIONS CONTINUE
Intelligence community officials have been meeting with representatives of
the National Archives to discuss the anticipated declassification and
release of intelligence imagery from the KH-9 satellite dating between 1971
and 1984.
Officials have been negotiating the transfer of the original negatives
from the KH-9 system and the provision of finding aids, according to a
newly released but heavily redacted report from the National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency, dated June 2012.
Multiple releases of declassified imagery are planned over the coming year
"with final delivery of imagery scheduled for September 2013."  See
"Intelligence Imagery Set to be Disclosed in 2013," Secrecy News, October
22, 2012.
JASON ON "COMPRESSIVE SENSING" FOR DOD SENSORS
The latest report from the elite JASON science advisory panel is devoted
to the subject of "compressive sensing."  This term generally refers to the
use of sensors for imaging (or other sensing) of an object in a manner that
uses a limited subset of the available data in order to improve efficiency
or conserve resources.
"Compressive sensing involves intentionally under-sampling an object or
image, typically in a random manner, and then using a companion process
known as sparse reconstruction to recover the complete object or image
information...," the JASON report says.
"Compressed sensing can conceivably lead to reductions in data link
requirements, reductions in radar resources needed for radar image
formation (thereby providing the radar more resources for its other
functions such as target detection, target tracking, and fire control),
increased angular resolution without commensurate increases in array costs,
and increased fields of view without degradation in resolution..."
"Compressive sensing is not a 'free lunch'," the report cautions, "but
always involves a tradeoff; reduced data may save measurement resources,
but it also means a lower signal-to-noise ratio and possibly other
artifacts, such as side lobes or false alarms."
A copy of the new JASON report was obtained by Secrecy News.  See
"Compressive Sensing for DoD Sensor Systems," November 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-12-20 10:45:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 12/20/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 128
December 20, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     DETAINED LINGUIST RELEASED UNDER SUPERVISION
**     CONGRESS PERMITS RECLASSIFICATION OF RESTRICTED DATA
**     OFFSHORING, CHEMICAL WEAPONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
DETAINED LINGUIST RELEASED UNDER SUPERVISION
Yesterday former Navy contract linguist James Hitselberger, who has been
charged under the Espionage Act with mishandling classified records, was
ordered released under supervision while awaiting trial.
Mr. Hitselberger is a multi-lingual translator and collector of rare
documents, including records that are now housed in a dedicated collection
at the Hoover Institution at Stanford University.  Unfortunately for him,
the government says that his collection activity extends to some documents
that are currently classified.  (Document Collector Charged Under Espionage
Statute, Secrecy News, November 7, 2012).
Prosecutors had opposed his pre-trial release, arguing that he had fled
from law enforcement by traveling for months through Europe, and that he
posed a flight risk.  But Mr. Hitselberger's public defender argued
effectively that could not have "fled" since he had not been charged with
anything until recently, that he had traveled openly under his own name,
that he remained in contact with his former employer, and that he
voluntarily returned to a U.S. Army facility in Kuwait to recover his
"As far as he knew, Mr. Hitselberger was free to travel--which he did,"
Judge Rudolph Contreras summarized in a memorandum opinion issued today.
"And as he traveled, he kept in regular contact with many people through
many means, openly used his United States passport, and was willing to go
to a military base, which no reasonable fugitive would be likely to do."
Therefore Judge Contreras ruled for the defense and granted his release,
albeit under "high intensity supervision" and with "Global Positioning
System monitoring" of his whereabouts.
Moreover, "he is expressly prohibited... from entering or being in the
immediate vicinity of Union Station, any other bus or train station that
provides service outside of the Washington metropolitan area, or any
Mr. Hitselberger has no record of criminal activity, no predisposition to
violent behavior, and even prosecutors admit that he was not engaged in
espionage on behalf of a foreign power.  There is also no indication that
even the mildest adverse consequence arose from his alleged conduct.  And
yet the government has opted to charge him with two felony counts under the
Espionage Act, which seems like an extraordinary overreaction given the
In a different policy environment, loss of job and loss of clearance --
which Mr. Hitselberger has already suffered -- would have been deemed a
fully satisfactory response to an offense of this type and magnitude.
Thus, speaking at his 1997 CIA confirmation hearing about his response to
leaks (at p. 108), George Tenet said "I don't want to prosecute anybody; I
want to fire somebody. That will send the right signal to people."
But today, the Obama Justice Department seems unwilling to accept anything
short of the maximum available punishment for unauthorized disclosures, at
least for those who are not senior officials or acting under color of
It's not only the Administration, however.  This week the House and Senate
adopted a sense of Congress resolution urging the Department of Justice to
"investigate possible violations of Federal law related to unauthorized
disclosures of classified information," adding that "in appropriate cases,
individuals responsible for such unauthorized disclosures should be
prosecuted to the full extent of the law."
Further anti-leak legislation is under imminent consideration in the
Meanwhile, the White House yesterday issued a new "National Strategy for
Information Sharing and Safeguarding."
"To foster trust and safeguard our information, policies and coordinating
bodies must focus on identifying, preventing, and mitigating insider
threats and external intrusions, while departments and agencies work to
enhance capabilities for data-level controls, automated monitoring, and
cross-classification solutions," the Strategy states.
CONGRESS PERMITS RECLASSIFICATION OF RESTRICTED DATA
Certain nuclear weapons-related information that has been removed from the
category of Restricted Data (RD) and designated as Formerly Restricted Data
(FRD) can now be restored to the RD category, under a provision approved by
Congress in the FY 2013 national defense authorization act.
Until now, the removal of information from the Restricted Data category
was irreversible, being prohibited by the Atomic Energy Act.  That
prohibition is nullified by the new legislation.
The authority to reclassify FRD as RD was requested by the Department of
Energy last year.
"There is sensitive nuclear weapons design information embodied in some
FRD... that should be subject to the more stringent security protections
afforded RD now than current programmatic capabilities of DoD and the
Intelligence Community permit," wrote Energy Secretary Steven Chu in an
August 4, 2011 letter.  (Dept of Energy Wants to Reclassify Some Info as
'Restricted Data', Secrecy News, January 17, 2012.)
information will be undetectable and should not entail an increase in
government secrecy.  RD and FRD are equally opaque to the general public.
In fact, the move could potentially have positive repercussions.  By
removing the most sensitive information from the FRD category, it should
become more feasible to treat the remaining FRD as "ordinary" classified
information and to declassify it in an orderly fashion-- something which
does not happen currently.
Improving declassification procedures for FRD was among the
recommendations presented to the White House earlier this month by the
Public Interest Declassification Board.
"FRD information concerns the military utilization of nuclear weapons,
including storage locations and stockpile information and often dates from
the end of World War II through the height of the Cold War," the PIDB
explained in its report. "Although often no longer sensitive or current,
this type of FRD information is of high interest to researchers yet remains
largely unavailable to the public, because there is no process for
systematically reviewing it for declassification and release under the
terms of the Executive Order for national security information."
Therefore, the PIDB recommended, "The classification status of Formerly
Restricted Data (FRD) information should be re-examined. A process should
be implemented for the systematic declassification review of historical FRD
In a 2010 statement to the PIDB, the Federation of American Scientists
suggested that the FRD category be eliminated altogether, arguing that it
has become obsolete and unnecessary.  But such a step was further than the
PIDB was prepared to go.
The Senate voted last week to reauthorize the Public Interest
Declassification Board until 2014, and the House followed suit yesterday by
a vote of 409-1.  Rep. Don Young of Alaska voted against the measure for
reasons he did not explain.
OFFSHORING, CHEMICAL WEAPONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not made available to the public include the following.
Offshoring (or Offshore Outsourcing) and Job Loss Among U.S. Workers,
December 17, 2012:
Chemical Weapons: A Summary Report of Characteristics and Effects,
December 13, 2012:
Party Leaders in the United States Congress, 1789-2012, December 18, 2012:
U.S. Wind Turbine Manufacturing: Federal Support for an Emerging Industry,
December 18, 2012:
Survivor Benefits for Families of Civilian Federal Employees and Retirees,
December 18, 2012:
The Federal Communications Commission: Current Structure and Its Role in
the Changing Telecommunications Landscape, December 18, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-02 07:23:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/02/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 62
July 2, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     FINANCIAL COSTS OF CLASSIFICATION SOAR
**     THE DNI AS SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT
**     ROLE OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY CONTRACTORS QUESTIONED
**     SECOND THOUGHTS IN CONGRESS ABOUT DOMESTIC DRONES
**     HYDROPOWER, HIGH SPEED RAIL, HAITI, AND MORE FROM CRS
FINANCIAL COSTS OF CLASSIFICATION SOAR
At a time when "leaks" are said to be running rampant, the government is
spending more money than ever before to protect classified information.  The estimated cost of securing classified information in government
increased last year by at least 12% to a record high level of $11.36
billion.  An additional $1.2 billion was spent to protect classified
information held by industry contractors.
These figures were reported to the President last week by the Information
Security Oversight Office.
The ISOO report breaks down the expenditures into six categories
(personnel security, physical security, etc.).  But it does not provide any
explanation for the rapidly escalating cost of secrecy.
One factor in the rising costs may be the continued growth of the secrecy
system.  While some essential security costs are fixed and independent of
classification activity, the failure to rein in classification and
especially overclassification is a likely contributor to marginal cost
growth.  The ISOO report itself provides a stark illustration of the
overclassification problem when it notes that the classification costs of
several intelligence agencies -- CIA, DIA, ODNI, NGA, NRO and NSA -- are
excluded from the new report because they are classified.
"The cost estimates of these agencies are classified in accordance with
Intelligence Community classification guidance and are included in a
classified addendum to this report," the ISOO report states.
But the classification of this information, which is almost certainly
illegitimate, defies credulity for several reasons.
First, the secret intelligence cost numbers are estimates, not actual
expenditures.  ("Requiring agencies to provide exact responses to the cost
collection efforts would be cost prohibitive," ISOO said.)  The potential
intelligence value of such estimates to a hostile intelligence service is
vanishingly small, particularly since their accuracy is variable and
Second, the disclosure of the cost estimates for non-intelligence
agencies, which has had no adverse effect on the security programs of those
agencies, is a strong indication that no damage can result from release of
such information.  If publication of the non-intelligence classification
cost estimates had caused any kind of harm over the years, those estimates
would not be published.  But of course they haven't, and so they are.
Thus, one is led to conclude that the classification of the intelligence
agency classification cost estimates is not threat-driven, but instead is
"culture"-based.  The disclosure of the estimates would not cause
identifiable damage to national security, which means this information has
been classified in violation of executive order 13526.
Unfortunately, there seems to be no one to tell the DNI that his
classification policies are mistaken.  Congress could perform critical
oversight of classification policy, inquiring into the basis of particular
classification decisions, but it almost never does so.  If anything,
congressional leaders favor more aggressive and unforgiving enforcement of
existing classification policies.  The Obama Administration's Fundamental
Classification Guidance Review was supposed to challenge the habits of
reflexive classification, but in this case at least it has not had the
desired effect.
If some rogue employee leaked a copy of the classification cost estimates
for the intelligence agencies, he or she would be subject to new procedures
announced by the Office of the Director of National Intelligence last week
to combat unauthorized disclosures, including polygraph testing and
inspector general investigations.
In the absence of leaks, the estimated cost of implementing the DNI's new
anti-leak procedures will be classified and unavailable to the public.
THE DNI AS SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT
The anti-leak procedures announced last week by the Director of National
Intelligence apply specifically to intelligence community employees.  But
the DNI is also responsible more broadly for security policies that affect
almost everyone who holds a security clearance for access to classified
information, whether or not it pertains to intelligence, as well as other
government employees who are candidates for "sensitive positions."
The DNI's role as "Security Executive Agent" was described in a March 2012
directive, according to which he is responsible for oversight of
"investigations and determinations by any agency for eligibility for access
to classified information and eligibility to hold a sensitive position."
The DNI's authority extends to every individual who has or seeks access to
classified information with only a handful of exceptions:  the President,
the Vice President, Members of Congress, Justices of the Supreme Court, and
Federal judges appointed by the President.
In this capacity, the DNI is responsible for developing standardized
procedures for security questionnaires, financial disclosure forms,
polygraph policies and practices, and foreign travel and foreign contact
reporting requirements.  See "Security Executive Agent Directive (SEAD) 1,"
effective 13 March 2012:
"SEAD 1 applies to all departments and agencies performing investigations
or adjudications of persons proposed for eligibility to hold a sensitive
position whether or not requiring access to classified information," said
Charles B. Sowell of ODNI in congressional testimony last month.   "The
ODNI also led the interagency efforts to revise the National Security
Adjudicative Guidelines" -- which are used to evaluate a person's loyalty,
reliability and trustworthiness -- "which we expect to issue later this
year," he said.
ROLE OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY CONTRACTORS QUESTIONED
Persistent questions about the U.S. intelligence community's reliance on
contractors to perform or support core mission functions were explored in a
partially closed hearing of the Senate Homeland Security Committee last
year.  A redacted transcript of the classified session of the hearing was
included in a hearing volume which was recently published.
Among other things, "questions have been raised about whether some IC
contracting firms hold undue influence within the IC because senior
intelligence officials are often recruited from, and often return to, these
firms," according to a background paper prepared for the hearing (citing
author Tim Shorrock) and included in the appendix to the PDF version of the
new hearing volume.
"A 'revolving door' where employees move between public and private sector
service increases the risk that decisions made by either contractor or
government employees could be influenced by past professional relationships
or potential future employment opportunities."
"Some have also highlighted concerns about contractors who immediately
return to their former IC agency [as private sector employees], but serve
in the same capacity and at greater expense," the background paper stated
(citing reporting by Julie Tate of the Washington Post).
"In addition to clear conflicts of interest, the different incentives of
corporations and their employees versus federal agencies and their
employees create the need for robust oversight.  For example, the need to
make corporate profits could create an incentive to provide analysis or
decision support services in a manner that is likely to increase future
business opportunities."
"Additionally, because contract employees owe a duty of loyalty to their
employers rather than the U.S. government, they may have incentives to act
in the interest of their employers rather than in the interests of the
government where those interests differ," the background paper said.
At first glance, the questions seemed more interesting than the answers
that intelligence community officials were able to provide at the hearing,
but it was remarkable to see those questions raised at all.  The hearing
was held not by the Senate Intelligence Committee, but by a subcommittee of
the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee chaired by
retiring Senator Daniel Akaka (D-HI).
See "Intelligence Community Contractors: Are We Striking the Right
Balance," September 20, 2011:
SECOND THOUGHTS IN CONGRESS ABOUT DOMESTIC DRONES
Some members of Congress are having second thoughts about the future use
of unmanned aerial systems in U.S. airspace, judging from a colloquy on the
House floor last week.
When Congress passed the FAA reauthorization bill, recalled Rep. Michael
Burgess (R-TX), it included "this very simple language allowing for the
expansion of unmanned aerial vehicles in the national airspace."
"None of us really thought that was much of a problem, but our
constituents are bringing it back to us," Rep. Burgess said. "They are
concerned about privacy, and they're concerned about Federal agencies
surveilling normal activities of commerce in which people may be engaged."
Looking beyond privacy concerns, Rep. Burgess proposed an amendment to the
Transportation Appropriations bill that would prohibit the use of armed
drones within the United States.
"If these drones are weaponized, you can--if you've been surveilled
unfairly, you can go to court and perhaps seek a remedy. But if a bullet is
fired from one of these platforms, you don't have any remedy if you're the
recipient of that bullet," he said.
"The amendment that I offer today is preemptive. As to my knowledge, no
actual applications have been filed with the FAA to use armed drones in
U.S. airspace. But I believe it is necessary, as there has been some
discussion in the public media about the ability to arm unmanned aerial
vehicles. I personally believe this is a road down which we should not
travel," Rep. Burgess said.
However, the amendment was rejected for procedural reasons.
Similar legislation sponsored by Rep. Rush Holt (D-NJ) was approved last
month as an amendment to the pending Homeland Security Appropriations bill.
HYDROPOWER, HIGH SPEED RAIL, HAITI, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that has
Congress has not authorized CRS to release to the public include the
Hydropower: Federal and Nonfederal Investment, June 26, 2012:
The Development of High Speed Rail in the United States: Issues and Recent
Events, June 28, 2012:
Haiti Under President Martelly: Current Conditions and Congressional
Concerns, June 6, 2012:
Federal Laws Relating to Cybersecurity: Discussion of Proposed Revisions,
June 29, 2012:
U.S. Foreign Assistance to Latin America and the Caribbean: Recent Trends
and FY2013 Appropriations, June 26, 2012:
China's Economic Conditions, June 26, 2012:
Navy Shipboard Lasers for Surface, Air, and Missile Defense: Background
and Issues for Congress, June 29, 2012:
Cluster Munitions: Background and Issues for Congress, June 27, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-05 07:37:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/05/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 63
July 5, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     PROSECUTORS DISPUTE CLAIMS OF SELECTIVE ANTI-LEAK PROSECUTION
**     NSA TELLS FORMER ISOO DIRECTOR TO FILE A FOIA REQUEST
**     AIR FORCE POLICY ON CONGRESSIONAL RELATIONS
**     AN OVERVIEW OF THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT, AND MORE FROM CRS
**     COVERT ACTION IS PROMINENT IN CARTER ADMIN HISTORY
PROSECUTORS DISPUTE CLAIMS OF SELECTIVE ANTI-LEAK PROSECUTION
Last month, former CIA officer John Kiriakou, who is accused of unlawfully
disclosing classified information to two reporters, said in pre-trial
motions that he had been wrongly and unfairly singled out for prosecution,
particularly since he had criticized the U.S. practice of waterboarding.  ("Kiriakou Calls Leak Prosecution Selective, Vindictive," Secrecy News,
June 22).
This week, prosecutors unsurprisingly rejected such claims while affirming
that they intend to vigorously pursue their case against Mr. Kiriakou.
"The genesis of this prosecution has nothing to do with waterboarding, the
national conversation about its wrongness or rightness, the defendant's
opinions, or other public statements he may or may not have made," the July
2 government response states.
The new government filing presents a series of legal arguments against the
defense motions for dismissal, explaining why prosecutors believe the
Intelligence Identities Protection Act and the Espionage Act statutes under
which Mr. Kiriakou is charged are sufficiently clear and specific to be
constitutional.  Beyond that, the new government response makes a couple of
noteworthy points.
"The government does not intend to seek the testimony of either journalist
to whom Kiriakou made the charged disclosures," prosecutors wrote.  By
refraining from subpoenaing the two unnamed reporters -- believed to be
Matthew Cole, formerly of ABC News, and Scott Shane of the New York Times

@_date: 2012-07-18 07:20:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/18/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 70
July 18, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     THE HISTORY OF THE SOVIET BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS PROGRAM
**     PUBLISHING SCIENTIFIC PAPERS WITH POTENTIAL SECURITY RISKS
**     FY2013 DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION, AND MORE FROM CRS
THE HISTORY OF THE SOVIET BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS PROGRAM
In 1972, the United States, the Soviet Union and other nations signed the
Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention that was supposed to ban biological
weapons.  At that very time, however, the Soviet Union was embarking on a
massive expansion of its offensive biological weapons program, which began
in the 1920s and continued under the Russian Federation at least into the
The astonishing story of the Soviet biological weapons enterprise is told
in an encyclopedic new work entitled "The Soviet Biological Weapons
Program: A History" by Milton Leitenberg and Raymond A. Zilinskas (Harvard
University Press, 2012).
The Soviet biological weapons (BW) program was by far the largest and most
sophisticated such program ever undertaken by any nation.  It was also
intensely secretive, and was masked by layers of classification, deception
and misdirection.
"The program's most important facilities remain inaccessible to outsiders
to this day," Leitenberg and Zilinskas write, "and it has been made a crime
for anyone in present-day Russia to divulge information about the former
offensive BW program."  Needless to say, official archives are closed and
Russian government officials are uncommunicative on the subject, or deny
the existence of the program altogether.
Over a period of a decade or so, Leitenberg and Zilinskas were able to
interview about a dozen former Soviet scientists who were involved in the
Soviet BW program, along with dozens of other sources.  Their revelations
inform the authors' analysis and serve to advance public knowledge of the
subject far beyond previous reports.  Even relatively well-known incidents
like the 1979 Sverdlovsk anthrax epidemic are cast in a new light.  Many
other aspects of the program will be entirely unfamiliar to most readers.
Much of the book is devoted to a description of the vast infrastructure of
Soviet BW research and production, including descriptions of the various
institutes, their history, their workforce and the nature of their
research, as far as it could be discerned.  Along the way, many fascinating
and sometimes horrific topics are addressed.  For example:
**	In an effort to enhance the weapons-related properties of BW agents,
Soviet scientists spent years working to create a viral "chimera," which is
an organism that contains genetic material from two or more other
**	Other scientists worked to eliminate the "epitopes" on the surface of
existing BW agents in order to make them unrecognizable to regular
diagnostic techniques.  By using such a modified agent, "the Soviets would
have made it considerably more difficult for the attacked population to
identify the causative pathogen of the resulting disease outbreak and begin
timely treatment."
**	A project codenamed Hunter (Okhotnik) sought to develop hybrids of
bacteria and viruses such that use of an antibiotic to kill the bacteria
would trigger release of the virus.  "Unlike other national BW programs,
which without exception used only classical or traditional applied
microbiology techniques to weaponize agents, the post-1972 Soviet program
had a futuristic aspect. By employing genetic manipulation and other
molecular biology techniques, its scientists were able to breach barriers
separating species...."
**	The Soviet BW program appears to have taken advantage of the
declassification in the 1970s of a large number of documents from the
United States BW program.  Thus, the design of the Soviet Gshch-304 BW
bomblet was found to closely resemble that of the declassified US E-130R2
bomblet.  In 2001, the US Government moved to reclassify many documents on
the US BW program, but "nothing could be done about recalling reports that
had been distributed relatively freely for more than 35 years."
**	The quality of US intelligence about the Soviet BW program left much to
be desired.  "Intelligence about Soviet BW-related activities is relatively
thin for the pre-1972 period; meager and often of dubious value during
1970-1979; and a little less meager and of better quality during
1980-1990." After 1990, little has been declassified.  "There is an unknown
number of still-classified reports concerning the Soviet BW program
produced by the CIA and perhaps by other agencies that we do not have," the
authors write.  The state of declassification is such that "we have been
able to collect far more information" about the history of Soviet BW
activities from interviews with former Soviet scientists and others than
from declassified official records.
**	In what the authors term "a horrendous mistake by the United States,"
the US government undertook a covert deception and disinformation program
aimed at the Soviet Union in the late 1960s which implied falsely that the
US had a clandestine biological weapons program.  This unfortunate campaign
may have reinforced an existing Soviet belief that the US had never
terminated its own offensive BW program, a belief that lent impetus, if not
legitimacy, to the Soviet BW program.
**	Today, the situation with respect to BW in the former Soviet Union is
"ambiguous and unsatisfactory," Leitenberg and Zilinskas write. "There
remains the possibility that Russia maintains portions of an offensive BW
program in violation of the BWC." Alternatively, "since we do not actually
know what is and has been taking place within the three [Ministry of
Defense BW] facilities since 1992, perhaps the situation is better than
might be feared."
In 23 chapters, the authors painstakingly examine many facets of the
history, structure and operation of the Soviet BW program.  They
scrupulously cite prior scholarship on the subject, while sorting out
verifiable fact, plausible inference, dubious speculation, and error or
fabrication.  (Thus, "No SS-18 ICBM bomblet delivery system was ever
completed, none was ever tested, and obviously none could ever have been
But even after 900 pages of often dense text, "there are large gaps in our
understanding of the Soviet BW program" and "readers are cautioned that
much remains to be discovered."
"We have not been able to resolve definitively some of the most important
questions," they observe.  Unanswered questions involve basic issues such
as the motivation and purpose of the program.  Why did the Soviet Union
pursue the development and acquisition of biological weapons?  Who was to
be targeted by Soviet biological weapons b the US?  China?  Europe? b
and under what conceivable circumstances?  And what happens now?
Following a brief period during the Yeltsin years during which Russian
officials acknowledged this activity, "Russia's current official position
is that no offensive BW program had existed in the Soviet Union."
The History of the Soviet Biological Weapons Program was reviewed by
author David E. Hoffman in Foreign Policy last month.
  In 2010 the US Government signed an agreement with the former Soviet
Republic of Armenia to cooperate in the control or destruction of dangerous
pathogens, and in other efforts to prevent proliferation of biological
weapons.  The agreement, one of several such documents, was published
earlier this year.
PUBLISHING SCIENTIFIC PAPERS WITH POTENTIAL SECURITY RISKS
The recent controversy over publication of scientific papers concerning
the transmissibility of bird flu virus was reviewed in a new report by the
Congressional Research Service. The report cautiously elucidates the
relevant policy implications and considers the responses available to
"Because of the complexity of dual-use issues, analysis of a topic
according to one set of policy priorities may lead to unforeseen
complications due to its intersection with other policy priorities," the
report says. "For example, maximizing security may lead to detriments in
public health and scientific advancement, while maximizing scientific
advancement may lead to security risks."
See "Publishing Scientific Papers with Potential Security Risks: Issues
for Congress," July 12, 2012:
FY2013 DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION, AND MORE FROM CRS
Some other new and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service
that have not been made readily available to the public include the
Defense: FY2013 Authorization and Appropriations, July 13, 2012:
The Unified Command Plan and Combatant Commands: Background and Issues for
Congress, July 17, 2011:
LIBOR: Frequently Asked Questions, July 16, 2012:
The 2001 and 2003 Bush Tax Cuts and Deficit Reduction, July 16, 2012:
Guatemala: Political, Security, and Socio-Economic Conditions and U.S.
Relations, June 26, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-19 07:34:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/19/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 71
July 19, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     PUNISHING LEAKS OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
**     MIDNIGHT RULEMAKING, AND MORE FROM CRS
PUNISHING LEAKS OF CLASSIFIED INFORMATION
The first new legislative initiative to combat leaks of classified
information is a bill called the Deterring Public Disclosure of Covert
Actions Act of 2012, which was introduced July 10 by Sen. Richard Burr
"This act will ensure that those who disclose or talk about covert actions
by the United States will no longer be eligible for Federal Government
security clearance. It is novel. It is very simple. If you talk about
covert actions you will have your clearance revoked and you will never get
another one," Sen. Burr said.
As justification for the measure, he cited "a series of articles published
in the media that have described and in some cases provided extensive
details about highly classified unilateral and joint intelligence
operations, including covert actions."
But this assumes certain facts that are not in evidence.  As Walter Pincus
wrote in the Washington Post today, there are numerous official and
unofficial sources of information about the Stuxnet covert action story,
for example, including private sector companies and foreign sources that do
not hold security clearances.  From that point of view, the Burr bill does
not seem well-suited to achieve its intended purpose.
But the most peculiar thing about the new legislation is that it appears
to validate the spurious notion of an "authorized leak."
Thus, the text of the bill would revoke the security clearance of persons
who publicly disclose or discuss classified details of covert actions --
unless they have "prior authorization from an original classification
This seems to mean that classified information about covert actions need
not be specifically declassified in order to be publicly released, but only
that its disclosure must be "authorized."
The question of imposing criminal penalties for disclosure of classified
information to the press was discussed lately by Morton H. Halperin, who
has been involved as a consultant or an expert witness for the defense in
many or most of the leak prosecutions from the Ellsberg case in the 1970s
to the present.
"Starting from the premise that more information must be made public and
that the government has the right to keep some information secret in the
name of national security, we need a public and congressional dialogue
about what set of measures would be most effective in meeting these two
equally important objectives. Reducing government secrecy must be a key
component of any such measures," he wrote in "Leaks and the Public Right to
Know," Huffington Post, July 16:
MIDNIGHT RULEMAKING, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has declined to make publicly available online include these.
Midnight Rulemaking, July 18, 2012:
An Analysis of the Distribution of Wealth Across Households, 1989-2010,
July 17, 2012:
Oil Sands and the Keystone XL Pipeline: Background and Selected
Environmental Issues, July 16, 2012:
Defense Surplus Equipment Disposal: Background Information, July 18, 2012:
Nigeria: Current Issues and U.S. Policy, July 18, 2012:
The United Arab Emirates (UAE): Issues for U.S. Policy, July 17, 2012:
Timor-Leste: Political Dynamics, Development, and International
Involvement, July 3, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-23 07:55:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/23/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 73
July 23, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     SECURITY-CLEARED POPULATION TOPS 4.8 MILLION
**     NSA RELEASES DISPUTED EMAIL FROM DRAKE CASE
**     SOME NUCLEAR WEAPONS-RELATED INFO TO BE DECLASSIFIED
**     REPORTERS SEEK CLARIFICATION OF PENTAGON ANTI-LEAK POLICY
**     CLIMATE CHANGE AND THE LAW, AND MORE FROM CRS
SECURITY-CLEARED POPULATION TOPS 4.8 MILLION
The number of people who held security clearances for access to classified
information increased last year to a new reported high of more than 4.8
million persons as of October 1, 2011, a new intelligence community report
to Congress said.
Last year's annual report, the first official count of security cleared
personnel, had indicated that there were over 4.2 million clearances in
2010.  That number astonished observers because it surpassed previous
estimates by more than a million.  ("Number of Security Clearances Soars,"
Secrecy News, September 20, 2011).
But it turns out that the 2010 number itself underreported the number of
clearances, and the new report to Congress presents a revised 2010 figure
of 4.7 million.  Even so, the number of clearances rose in 2011 by about 3%
to 4.86 million, the new report said.
The total clearance figure is composed of cleared government employees and
contractors, at all clearance levels -- Confidential, Secret and Top
Secret.  (The number of Top Secret clearances alone was over 1.4 million.)  It includes all persons who have been cleared for access to classified
information whether or not they have actually been granted such access.
While the total reported figures are "likely to include some duplicate
entries," the report explains, efforts have been made to eliminate them and
only "a minimal number of duplicates" remain.
The annual report on security clearances was required by Congress in the
FY2010 Intelligence Authorization Act.  It represents a new degree of
transparency in national security classification policy.  Until the first
report was issued last year, only rough estimates of the size of the
cleared population were available, and those estimates proved to be
The latest ten-page report includes numerous details that are ordinarily
withheld from public disclosure, whether they are classified or not.  For
example, the new report indicates that 5.3% of the security clearance cases
that CIA processed last year resulted in denial of clearance.  At NSA, the
number of denials reached 8.0%.  Six of the seven intelligence community agencies that do their own
clearance adjudications reported that they had cases that had been open for
more than one year, the report said.  The number of pending security
clearance cases at CIA requiring more than one year to complete was 3,755
for government employees, and 732 for contractors.
"The IC faces unique challenges in clearing individuals with unique or
critical skills -- such as highly desirable language abilities -- who often
have significant foreign associations that may take additional time to
investigate and adjudicate," the report said.
The new report was transmitted to Congress in early July, and was first
mentioned in a July 12 report from the Government Accountability Office.  The report itself was publicly released last week by ODNI in response to a
request from Secrecy News.
NSA RELEASES DISPUTED EMAIL FROM DRAKE CASE
On Friday, the National Security Agency released a declassified email
message entitled "What a Wonderful Success" that had been used as the basis
for a felony count against former NSA official Thomas Drake in 2010, who
was charged with unlawful retention of classified information, including
that message.
Although all of the felony counts against Mr. Drake were eventually
dismissed, the "What a Wonderful Success" email remains controversial
because it has been challenged by a leading classified expert as an
exemplar of reckless overclassification.
The document is "an innocuous, internal communication that never should
have been classified in the first place," according to a petition filed
last May by J. William Leonard, the former director of the Information
Security Oversight Office.  He asked the presiding judge in the Drake case
to lift the protective order which currently bars him from discussing the
NSA document.
The release of the NSA document was first reported in "Ex-federal official
calls U.S. classification system 'dysfunctional'," by Ellen Nakashima,
Washington Post, July 22.
Without getting into the specifics of the newly disclosed document, Mr.
Leonard said: "I can generally state that the very critical national
security tool of classification of national security information is
becoming dysfunctional and requires the highest level of attention if it is
to continue to be an effective national security tool."
"Specifically, the system clearly lacks the ability to differentiate
between trivial information and that which can truly damage our nation's
well-being. At the same time, and even more importantly, it appears to be
incapable of holding government officials accountable for abusing the
classification system."
"If the system continues to be one-sided, where individuals are routinely
held to account for supposedly improperly disclosing protected information
but no one is ever held accountable for improperly classifying information
in the first place, it sends a very clear message to the millions of
individuals with security clearances to continue to overclassify with
impunity. That does not bode well for either the security of our nation or
our democratic form of government."
"Absent meaningful corrective action by the Government at the highest of
levels, to include the President, I despair for the integrity of the
classification system," Mr. Leonard said.
SOME NUCLEAR WEAPONS-RELATED INFO TO BE DECLASSIFIED
Certain types of classified information pertaining to nuclear weapons are
going to be downgraded or declassified, the Department of State indicated
in a newly disclosed report.
"Over the past fiscal year, the Department [of State] has been actively
working with the Departments of Energy and of Defense to identify
information that had previously been classified under the Atomic Energy Act
or various national security executive orders," wrote Sheryl Walter, the
director of State's Office of Information Programs and Services, in a
February 10, 2012 letter to the Information Security Oversight Office.
"Several categories of this information, including topics concerning
nuclear weapons, weapons testing, improvised nuclear devices, and
international cooperation relating to nuclear forensics, will be
downgraded, classified for shorter durations, or declassified," Ms. Walter
wrote.  No schedule for declassification was mentioned.  The letter was
released last week under the Freedom of Information Act.
REPORTERS SEEK CLARIFICATION OF PENTAGON ANTI-LEAK POLICY
After the Department of Defense issued a statement last week saying that
it would "monitor all major, national level reporting" for evidence of
unauthorized disclosures of classified information, Pentagon reporters
wrote to the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of
Staff to ask whether such monitoring extended to surveillance of the press.
"We are asking you to clarify in writing what is meant by 'monitor all
major, national level reporting'," wrote reporters Robert Burns (Associated
Press), Kevin Baron (National Journal), Luis Martinez (ABC) and Barbara
Starr (CNN) on behalf of the Pentagon Press Association.
"The phrase 'monitor all major, national level reporting' could be
interpreted by some as authorizing intrusive actions aimed at members of
the news media who report on defense issues. We have received no answers as
to specific monitoring authorities, and 'reporting' is much broader than
'published reports'," they wrote.
In particular, they asked, what specific authorities does the Pentagon
claim for monitoring the media?
"Do you have authority to do the following:  *tap phones at work or home?  *intercept or monitor emails?  *conduct monitoring or surveillance of
Pentagon press workspaces?"
"Are you authorized to monitor phone conversations, emails or press
workspaces without our knowledge?"
See the July 20 letter from the Pentagon Press Association here:
The letter was first reported by Dylan Byers in Politico on July 20.  As
of last night, no reply from DoD had been forthcoming.
CLIMATE CHANGE AND THE LAW, AND MORE FROM CRS
New reports from the Congressional Research Service that have not been
made otherwise available to the public include these.
Climate Change and Existing Law: A Survey of Legal Issues Past, Present,
and Future, July 2, 2012 (published July 19):
A Brief Overview of Actions Taken by the Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau (CFPB) in Its First Year, July 18, 2012:
Conflict Minerals in Central Africa: U.S. and International Responses,
July 20, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-26 06:31:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/26/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 75
July 25, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     SENATE INTEL COMMITTEE ADOPTS A DOZEN ANTI-LEAK MEASURES
SENATE INTEL COMMITTEE ADOPTS A DOZEN ANTI-LEAK MEASURES
The Senate Intelligence Committee's markup of the 2013 intelligence
authorization bill includes 12 provisions that are intended to combat
unauthorized disclosures of classified information.
The proposed steps, which are of varying weight and severity, include:
*  a requirement to notify Congress when intelligence information is
disclosed to the public (outside of the FOIA or the regular
declassification review process) and to maintain a record of all authorized
disclosures of classified information
*  a requirement to establish formal procedures for leak investigations
*  a requirement to assess procedures for detecting leaks, including
expanded use of polygraph testing in other parts of the executive branch
*  a prohibition on cleared personnel (or formerly cleared personnel for
up to a year after employment) serving as paid consultants or commentators
to a media organization regarding intelligence matters
*  a requirement that only certain designated intelligence community
officials may communicate with the media
*  a requirement for all intelligence community employees to report any
contacts with the media
*  a requirement for the Attorney General and the DNI to submit a report
to Congress on possible improvements to current procedures governing leak
*  establishment of provisions to require surrender of federal pension
benefits as a penalty for unauthorized disclosures
*  a provision to prohibit security clearances for individuals who make
unauthorized disclosures of covert action information
"The culture of leaks has to change," said Committee Chair Sen. Dianne
Feinstein in a news release. "Leaks of classified information regarding
intelligence sources and methods can disrupt intelligence operations,
threaten the lives of intelligence officers and assets, and make foreign
partners less likely to work with us."
In several respects, the proposed new measures are not a dramatic
departure from the status quo.  Unauthorized disclosures are already barred
by non-disclosure agreements that all cleared personnel must sign.  Unauthorized contacts between intelligence personnel and the press are
already discouraged or prohibited.  The Director of National Intelligence
has already ratcheted up leak investigations and started an insider threat
detection program.
Significantly, the proposed anti-leak provisions would not amend the
Espionage Act.  They would not make all disclosures of classified
information a felony.  They would not impose restrictions on the
unauthorized receipt of classified information, or penalize publication of
such information (although one provision invites the Attorney General to
reconsider limitations on subpoenas to members of the media).
And yet there is something incongruous, if not outrageous, about the whole
effort by Congress to induce stricter secrecy in the executive branch,
which already has every institutional incentive to restrict public
disclosure of intelligence information.
In an earlier generation of intelligence oversight, leaks led to leak
investigations in executive agencies, but they also prompted substantive
oversight in Congress.  When Seymour Hersh and the New York Times famously
reported on unlawful domestic surveillance in December 1974, the urgent
question in Congress was not how did Hersh find out, or how similar
disclosures could be prevented, but what to do about the alarming facts
that had been disclosed.
In contrast, while pursuing leaks and leakers, today's Senate Intelligence
Committee has not held an open public hearing for six months. The
Committee's investigative report concerning CIA interrogation practices
from ten years (and two presidential terms) ago has still not been issued.  Upon publication -- perhaps this fall -- it will essentially be a
historical document.  Most fundamentally, the Committee's new draft legislation errs by treating
"classification" as a self-validating category -- i.e., if it's classified,
it warrants protection by definition -- rather than as the flawed
administrative instrument that it is.  As far as the Committee is concerned, the unauthorized disclosure of any
classified information -- even the substance of a constitutional violation
that was recently committed by a US intelligence agency -- would constitute
a punishable offense, regardless of its public policy significance.
Last Friday, the DNI agreed to declassify the bare fact of such an actual
violation, in response to a request by Senator Ron Wyden (as reported by
Wired, but altogether overlooked in the Committee's latest report on FISA
last month).  This disclosure by the DNI would apparently trigger the
proposed new requirement to notify Congress of public releases of
intelligence information since it was "declassified for the purpose of the
disclosure" -- which is just silly.
"The whole notion of classification in this building has degenerated into
a joke, most reporters and a lot of officials would agree," said Tony
Capaccio of Bloomberg News at a Pentagon press briefing on Tuesday.  He
asked how the Pentagon planned to distinguish between legitimate secrets
and spurious secrets when monitoring news stories for leaks.
"What steps are you going to be taking to make sure when you analyze these
news stories that it's really classified-classified versus B.S.-classified
"I don't have the answer yet, Tony," replied Pentagon press spokesman
George Little.
Neither does the Senate Intelligence Committee.
The full version of the FY2013 Senate intelligence bill and the
accompanying report is expected to be filed on Friday.  The proposed
anti-leak provisions "are the product of work over the past several weeks
within the Committee, in discussion with the Executive Branch, in
consultation with the House Intelligence Committee, and reflecting input
from nongovernmental organizations," according to the Senate Intelligence
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-07-31 07:27:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 07/31/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 77
July 31, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     ANTI-LEAK MEASURES IN SENATE BILL TARGET PRESS, PUBLIC
**     TRADE WITH SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA, AND MORE FROM CRS
ANTI-LEAK MEASURES IN SENATE BILL TARGET PRESS, PUBLIC
The Senate Intelligence Committee markup of the FY2013 Intelligence
Authorization Act, which was officially filed yesterday, devotes an entire
title including twelve separate provisions to the issue of unauthorized
disclosures of classified information, or leaks.
But several of those provisions aim to disrupt the flow of unclassified
information to the press and the public rather than to stop leaks of
classified information.
As reported in the Washington Post today, one of the proposed measures
(section 506 of the bill) would dictate that only agency leaders could
present background briefings to the press.  Other agency personnel, such as
intelligence analysts, would be barred from providing any background
information to the press, even when such information is unclassified.
Background briefings are essential "because they help journalists
understand the full context of a story, get key details right, and ensure
that individuals or the United States as a whole will not be harmed by the
publication of incorrect information," according to the Sunshine in
Government Initiative, a press advocacy coalition.
Questioned by the Post, Senate Intelligence Committee chair Sen. Dianne
Feinstein acknowledged that she had no evidence that such briefings, which
are prized by reporters as valuable sources of information, had contributed
to unauthorized disclosures.  And yet they would be forbidden.
See "Anti-leak measure targets background briefings" by Greg Miller,
Washington Post, July 31:
Other provisions in the new bill were also roundly criticized by public
interest groups concerned with access to government information.
A provision to prevent former government officials from providing paid
commentary to news media outlets on intelligence matters is very likely
unconstitutional, said Kate Martin of the Center for National Security
Studies in a new analysis of the bill.
"The over-breadth of this provision in prohibiting commentary and analysis
even when no classified information is disclosed would violate the First
Amendment," Ms. Martin wrote. "Indeed the provision seems drafted in order
to chill public discussion of information that is not classified rather
than being narrowly tailored to simply target disclosures of classified
Another provision (in section 511) would grant intelligence agency heads
the authority to unilaterally revoke the pension of an employee if the
agency head "determines" that the employee has violated his or her
non-disclosure obligations.
This section "would give intelligence agency heads nearly unrestrained
discretion to suppress speech critical of the intelligence community-- even
after an employee has resigned or retired from an intelligence agency-- and
to retaliate against disfavored employees or pensioners, including
whistleblowers," wrote the Project on Government Oversight and several
other public interest organizations in an open letter to the Senate
Committee yesterday.
Fundamentally, the Senate bill "changes the relationship between the press
and the federal government," according to the Sunshine in Government
Drafted in secret and without the benefit of any public hearing, the
Senate bill includes provisions that are "crude and dangerous," the
Washington Post editorialized today.  See "A bill to stop security leaks
puts a plug on democracy," July 31:
The bill was approved by the Senate Intelligence Committee by a vote of 14
to 1, with Sen. Ron Wyden in opposition.  The text of the bill is here:
The accompanying Committee report including commentary on each provision
and Sen. Wyden's dissent may be found here:
TRADE WITH SUB-SAHARAN AFRICA, AND MORE FROM CRS
Newly updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not authorized for broad public distribution include the
U.S. Trade and Investment Relationship with Sub-Saharan Africa: The
African Growth and Opportunity Act and Beyond, June 26, 2012:
The Global Climate Change Initiative (GCCI): Budget Authority and Request,
FY2010-FY2013, July 27, 2012:
Navy Force Structure and Shipbuilding Plans: Background and Issues for
Congress, July 26, 2012:
Housing for Persons Living with HIV/AIDS, July 3, 2012:
Federal Pollution Control Laws: How Are They Enforced?, July 7, 2012:
Cuba: Issues for the 112th Congress, July 20, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-06-20 08:33:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 06/20/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 60
June 20, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     DNI DIRECTIVE SEEKS TO TIGHTEN PROTECTION OF INTELLIGENCE
**     HISTORY OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, AND MORE FROM CRS
DNI DIRECTIVE SEEKS TO TIGHTEN PROTECTION OF INTELLIGENCE
Director of National Intelligence James R. Clapper issued a directive
earlier this month to improve the protection of intelligence information
and to help prevent unauthorized disclosures.
The newly revised Intelligence Community Directive 700 requires a new
degree of collaboration between counterintelligence and security
activities.  While counterintelligence (CI) was scarcely mentioned in the
previous version of the policy on protecting intelligence in 2007, it is
now being elevated to a central role and integrated with security.
"Together, CI and security provide greater protection for national
intelligence than either function operating alone," the new directive
In order to combat the insider threat of unauthorized disclosures, the
directive prescribes that "all personnel with access to national
intelligence... shall be continually evaluated and monitored...."
But since there are more than a million government employees and
contractors holding Top Secret clearances who are potentially eligible for
access to intelligence information, it seems unlikely that any significant
fraction of them can literally be "continually monitored."  Still, that is
now formally the objective.
A copy of the June 7, 2012 directive on "Protection of National
Intelligence" was released by the Office of the Director of National
Intelligence under the Freedom of Information Act.
The new directive has been under development for at least several months.  It was not specifically devised as a response to the latest controversy
over leaks of classified information.
It serves as a reminder that the implementation of revised policies to
address unauthorized disclosures of classified information (including
congressional action just last year to establish an "insider threat
detection program") is ongoing, possibly obviating the need for new
HISTORY OF EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE, AND MORE FROM CRS
A 2008 report by the Congressional Research Service discussed the history
of claims of executive privilege, including various unresolved questions
surrounding its use.  The Obama Administration asserted executive privilege
today in connection with records sought by a House Committee.  See
"Presidential Claims of Executive Privilege: History, Law, Practice and
Recent Developments," updated August 21, 2008:
Newly updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not made publicly available include the following.
U.S.-China Military Contacts: Issues for Congress, June 19, 2012:
Free Trade Agreements: Impact on U.S. Trade and Implications for U.S.
Trade Policy, June 18, 2012:
Madagascar's Political Crisis, June 18, 2012:
Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Georgia: Political Developments and Implications
for U.S. Interests, June 15, 2012:
U.S. Trade Deficit and the Impact of Changing Oil Prices, June 18, 2012:
Unauthorized Alien Students: Issues and "DREAM Act" Legislation, June 19,
Federal Taxation of Aliens Working in the United States, May 18, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-03-30 06:45:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 03/30/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 29
March 30, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     THE PIVOT TO THE PACIFIC, AND MORE FROM CRS
**     NEW POLICY ON MITIGATING RISKS OF BIO RESEARCH
THE PIVOT TO THE PACIFIC, AND MORE FROM CRS
The growing emphasis on Asia as a focus of U.S. national security
planning, known as the "pivot to the Pacific," is discussed in a new report
from the Congressional Research Service.
"Underlying the 'pivot' is a conviction that the center of gravity for
U.S. foreign policy, national security, and economic interests is being
realigned and shifting towards Asia, and that U.S. strategy and priorities
need to be adjusted accordingly," the CRS report says. "For many observers,
it is imperative that the United States give more emphasis to the
Asia-Pacific. Indeed, for years, many countries in the region have
encouraged the United States to step up its activity to provide a balance
to Chinabs rising influence."
"There are a number of risks to the 'pivot,' however. In an era of
constrained U.S. defense resources, an increased U.S. military emphasis on
the Asia-Pacific region might result in a reduction in U.S. military
capacity in other parts of the world. Another budgetary consideration is
that plans to restructure U.S. military deployments in Asia and minimize
cuts in the Navy may run up against more restrictive funding constraints
than plans yet assume."
"Additionally," the report says, "the perception among many that the
'rebalancing' is targeted against China could strengthen the hand of
Chinese hard-liners. Such an impression could also potentially make it more
difficult for the United States to gain Chinabs cooperation on a range of
issues. Additionally, the prominence the Obama Administration has given to
the initiative has raised the costs to the United States if it or successor
administrations fail to follow through on public pledges made, particularly
in the military realm."
Congress is fully entitled to review the emerging policy, which is
predicated on congressional action and cooperation, the CRS report said.
"Given that one purpose of the 'pivot' or 'rebalancing' toward the
Asia-Pacific is to deepen U.S. credibility in the region at a time of
fiscal constraint, Congressbs oversight and appropriations roles, as well
as its approval authority over free trade agreements, will help determine
to what extent the Administrationbs plans are implemented and how various
trade-offs are managed."
A copy of the report was obtained by Secrecy News.  See "Pivot to the
Pacific? The Obama Administration's 'Rebalancing' Toward Asia," March 28,
Other new and updated CRS reports that Congress has declined to make
directly available to the public include the following.
Burma's April Parliamentary By-Elections, March 28, 2012:
Guam: U.S. Defense Deployments, March 29, 2012:
Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies: FY2013 Appropriations,
March 26, 2012:
NEW POLICY ON MITIGATING RISKS OF BIO RESEARCH
Certain types of life science research involving "high consequence
pathogens and toxins" would be subject to new review and risk mitigation
procedures which might include classification of the research or
termination of the funding, according to a U.S. government policy issued
yesterday by the National Institutes of Health.
The policy applies to research involving 15 specified biological agents
and toxins which "pose the greatest risks of deliberate misuse with most
significant potential for mass casualties or devastating effects to the
economy, critical infrastructure or public confidence."
Research that increases the lethality or transmissibility of the agent or
toxin, or otherwise enhances its harmful consequences, will be subject to
the new review procedures.
Based on the outcome of the review, a risk mitigation plan may be
developed.  If less restrictive measures were deemed inadequate, the new
policy would allow for national security classification of the research or
termination of government funding.
See "United States Government Policy for Oversight of Life Sciences Dual
Use Research of Concern," March 29, 2012:
See also "U.S. Requires New Dual-Use Biological Research Reviews" by David
Malakoff, Science Insider, March 29:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-05-09 08:45:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 05/09/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 44
May 9, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     PENTAGON MOVES TO COMBAT THE "INSIDER THREAT"
**     WHAT IS NATIONAL SECURITY "PARTNERSHIP"? AND MORE FROM CRS
PENTAGON MOVES TO COMBAT THE "INSIDER THREAT"
The Department of Defense has issued a new Instruction defining its
response to the "insider threat" from Department personnel who engage in
unauthorized disclosures of information or other activities deemed harmful
to national security.
The new Instruction assigns responsibilities and authorities for
systematically detecting "anomalous" employee behavior that may be an
indication of an insider threat.
An insider threat is defined as "A person with authorized access, who uses
that access, wittingly or unwittingly, to harm national security interests
or national security through unauthorized disclosure, data modification,
espionage, terrorism, or kinetic actions resulting in loss or degradation
of resources or capabilities."
A subset of the insider threat is the counterintelligence (CI) insider
threat, which refers to an authorized individual who uses his access on
behalf of a "foreign intelligence entity."
A foreign intelligence entity (FIE) is "Any known or suspected foreign
organization, person, or group (public, private, or governmental) that
conducts intelligence activities to acquire U.S. information, blocks or
impairs U.S. intelligence collection, influences U.S. policy, or disrupts
U.S. systems and programs."
All heads of DoD components are now instructed to "implement CI insider
threat initiatives to identify DoD-affiliated personnel suspected of or
actually compromising DoD information on behalf of an FIE."
All military departments are expected to "conduct anomaly-based detection
See "Countering Espionage, International Terrorism, and the
Counterintelligence (CI) Insider Threat," DoD Instruction 5240.26, May 4,
The new Instruction complies with a congressional mandate in the FY2012
defense authorization act that was passed last year in response to the
WikiLeaks disclosures.
WHAT IS NATIONAL SECURITY "PARTNERSHIP"? AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not made publicly available include the following.
In Brief: Clarifying the Concept of "Partnership" in National Security,
May 4, 2012:
U.S. Nuclear Cooperation With India: Issues for Congress, May 7, 2012:
Japan-U.S. Relations: Issues for Congress, May 4, 2012:
U.S. Spent Nuclear Fuel Storage, May 3, 2012:
Interest Rates on Subsidized Stafford Loans to Undergraduate Students, May
4, 2012:
Racial Profiling: Legal and Constitutional Issues, April 16, 2012:
Trade Primer: Qs and As on Trade Concepts, Performance, and Policy, April
16, 2012:
Judicial Activity Concerning Enemy Combatant Detainees: Major Court
Rulings, April 6, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-05-14 06:57:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 05/14/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 45
May 14, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     NSA DECLASSIFIES SECRET DOCUMENT AFTER PUBLISHING IT
**     UNDERSTANDING CHINA'S POLITICAL SYSTEM, AND MORE FROM CRS
NSA DECLASSIFIES SECRET DOCUMENT AFTER PUBLISHING IT
The National Security Agency last week invoked a rarely-used authority in
order to declassify a classified document that was mistakenly posted on the
NSA website with all of its classified passages intact.
The article is a historical study entitled "Maybe You Had to Be There: The
SIGINT on Thirteen Soviet Shootdowns of U.S. Reconnaissance Aircraft."  It
was written by Michael L. Peterson and was originally published in the
classified journal Cryptologic Quarterly in 1993.
Late in the afternoon of May 11 (not May 9 as stated on the NSA website),
the NSA published a formally declassified version of the article with the
annotation "Declassified and approved for release by NSA... pursuant to
E.O. 13526 section 3.1(d)...."
Section 3.1(d) of executive order 13526 permits the declassification of
properly classified information when there is an overriding public interest
in doing so.  It is almost never cited and it is hard to think of another
occasion when it has been used by any government agency to justify
declassification.  It reads:
"3.1(d) It is presumed that information that continues to meet the
classification requirements under this order requires continued protection.
In some exceptional cases, however, the need to protect such information
may be outweighed by the public interest in disclosure of the information,
and in these cases the information should be declassified.  When such
questions arise, they shall be referred to the agency head or the senior
agency official.  That official will determine, as an exercise of
discretion, whether the public interest in disclosure outweighs the damage
to the national security that might reasonably be expected from
So what was "exceptional" about this particular NSA historical study? What was the overriding public interest in it that justified its complete
declassification despite its presumed eligibility for continued
classification?  What unavoidable damage was expected to result from its
disclosure?  The NSA Public Affairs Office refused to answer these
questions, despite repeated inquiries.
In fact, NSA was being disingenuous by invoking section 3.1(d).  There was
nothing exceptional about the contents of the document, and there was no
overriding public interest that would have compelled its disclosure if it
had been properly classified.  Nor is any national security damage likely
to follow its release.
Rather, the hasty NSA declassification action was intended to conceal the
fact that NSA had mistakenly published the full classified text of the
document on its website two days earlier, after having rebuffed regular
requests for declassification.  In response to a May 2009 Mandatory Declassification Review request from
aerospace writer Peter Pesavento, NSA had previously released a heavily
redacted version of the article.  Mr. Pesavento appealed the case to the
Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel, and last month the Panel
agreed that some additional portions of the document could be declassified,
while the rest should remain classified.  The partially declassified
document was still working its way through the appeal system and had still
not been provided to Mr. Pesavento.
But then on May 9, the National Security Agency inexplicably published the
entire document on its website.  Instead of censoring the text by blacking
out the classified portions, those portions were actually highlighted,
leaving the document fully available to startled readers.  After we
contacted the NSA on May 10 to inquire about the classification status of
the document, it was immediately removed from the NSA site.
But we retained a copy of the uncensored classified article as published
by the NSA, which is available here:
      Secrecy News submitted several questions to NSA Public Affairs last week
about the classified document, and we indicated our intention to publish it
ourselves since it did not appear to meet current classification standards.
NSA officials asked for a four-day extension of our deadline to give them
time to respond to our questions, and we agreed.  But that proved to be a
futile gesture on our part, since the NSA Public Affairs Office in the end
refused to answer any of the questions we posed.  In retrospect, it appears
that NSA never intended to answer any of our questions but simply wanted to
preempt the reposting of the classified document by hastily declassifying
The newly disclosed article was originally classified SECRET SPOKE.  SPOKE
is a now-defunct classification compartment for communications
intelligence, explained intelligence historian Jeffrey Richelson, who first
spotted the uncensored NSA publication online.  (It so happens that Dr.
Richelson's own work is cited in the article.)
In the classified version of the article that was posted online by NSA,
all of the classified paragraphs of the article were marked with the basis
for their classification.  In most cases, this was section 1.4(c) of the
executive order on classification, which pertains to "intelligence
activities, intelligence sources or methods, or cryptology."  In some
cases, the basis for classification was section 1.4(d) on "foreign
relations or foreign activities of the United States, including
confidential sources.'  In a couple of other cases, the justification cited
was Public Law 86-36, which is the National Security Agency Act, a
statutory non-disclosure provision.  A week ago, this material purportedly
posed a threat of "serious damage" to national security if disclosed.  Now
all of it has been made public.
While communications intelligence is among the most sensitive categories
of national security information, this article is clearly remote from any
contemporary security issues.  It reviews the record of signals
intelligence coverage of thirteen episodes in which Soviet forces shot down
U.S. aircraft.  But those incidents occurred between 1950 and 1964 -- or
many generations ago in terms of intelligence technology and practice.
On the other hand, the article does present what appears to be some
valuable "new" information including some fine details about SIGINT
coverage of the U-2 incident in May 1960.
But the author himself acknowledged that all of this is ancient history.
"Looking back over forty years," he wrote in the conclusion of his 1993
paper, "it may be difficult to give sufficient weight to the level of
anxiety over and ignorance about the Soviet Union experienced by Americans.
Moreover, the fear of another Pearl Harbor was very real.  The airborne
reconnaissance program helped reduce these fears by erasing the ignorance."
"Little of this concern prevails today," he noted.  "Why all the fuss?
Maybe you had to be there."
But even "being there" does not help one to understand the erratic NSA
classification practices reflected in this case.  NSA classification policy
seems to be completely untethered from contemporary national security
Among other things, the NSA's abrupt declassification of the document
shows that the Interagency Security Classification Appeals Panel needs to
recalibrate its document review procedures.  It is now clear that the Panel
was unduly deferential to NSA, and that it erred last month by giving
credence to the NSA's claims that portions of the document warranted
continued classification.  Today, not even the NSA says that.
UNDERSTANDING CHINA'S POLITICAL SYSTEM, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has instructed CRS not to make publicly available include the
Understanding China's Political System, May 10, 2012:
Youth and the Labor Force: Background and Trends, May 10, 2012:
Vulnerable Youth: Employment and Job Training Programs, May 11, 2012:
Pakistan's Nuclear Weapons: Proliferation and Security Issues, May 10,
Comparison of Rights in Military Commission Trials and Trials in Federal
Criminal Court, May 9, 2012:
Immigration-Related Worksite Enforcement: Performance Measures, May 10,
Same-Sex Marriages: Legal Issues, May 9, 2012:
      Afghanistan Casualties: Military Forces and Civilians, May 10, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-05-15 08:59:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 05/15/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 46
May 15, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     NATO SUMMIT MEETING IN CHICAGO, AND MORE FROM CRS
NATO SUMMIT MEETING IN CHICAGO, AND MORE FROM CRS
The North Atlantic Treaty Organization will hold its 2012 summit meeting
in Chicago on May 20-21.  The meeting, hosted by President Obama, will be
closed to the public.  The assembled heads of state are expected to discuss
the future of the conflict in Afghanistan; NATO defense issues, including
the possible reconsideration of the role of nuclear weapons in NATO; and
other matters.
A preview of the NATO summit meeting was presented in a new report from
the Congressional Research Service.  See NATO's Chicago Summit, May 14,
Other new and updated CRS reports that were obtained by Secrecy News
include the following.
Ukraine: Current Issues and U.S. Policy, May 10, 2012:
U.S. Assistance Programs in China, May 11, 2012:
Bahrain: Reform, Security, and U.S. Policy, May 14, 2012:
Medicare Financing, May 11, 2012:
Medicare: History of Insolvency Projections, May 11, 2012:
Job Growth During the Recovery, May 10, 2012:
Foreign Direct Investment in the United States: An Economic Analysis, May
10, 2012:
Outsourcing and Insourcing Jobs in the U.S. Economy: Evidence Based on
Foreign Investment Data, May 10, 2012:
Keystone XL Pipeline Project: Key Issues, May 9, 2012:
Immigration of Foreign Nationals with Science, Technology, Engineering,
and Mathematics (STEM) Degrees, May 11, 2012:
Federal Labor Relations Statutes: An Overview, May 11, 2012:
FEMA's Community Disaster Loan Program: History, Analysis, and Issues for
Congress, May 10, 2012:
How Measures Are Brought to the House Floor: A Brief Introduction, May 14,
Carbon Capture and Sequestration (CCS): A Primer, May 14, 2012:
The Presidential Nominating Process and the National Party Conventions,
2012: Frequently Asked Questions, May 14, 2012:
Secrecy News will be back next week.
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-11-15 07:00:18
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 11/15/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 116
November 15, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     ACADEMY REPORT ON ELECTRIC GRID WITHHELD FOR FIVE YEARS
**     EAVESDROPPING STATUTES, AND MORE FROM CRS
ACADEMY REPORT ON ELECTRIC GRID WITHHELD FOR FIVE YEARS
Over the objections of its authors, the Department of Homeland Security
classified a 2007 report from the National Academy of Sciences on the
potential vulnerability of the U.S. electric power system until most of it
was finally released yesterday.
The report generally concluded, as other reports have, that the electric
grid is lacking in resilience and is susceptible to disruption not only
from natural disasters but also from deliberate attack.
But even though the report was written for public release, the entire
document was classified by DHS and could not be made available for public
deliberation.  Amazingly, it took five years for the classification
decision to be reviewed and reversed.  As Academy leaders explained in the
Foreword to the report:
"DHS concluded that the report would be classified in its entirety under
the original classification authority vested in the DHS undersecretary for
science and technology. Because the committee believed that the report as
submitted contained no restricted information, the NRC [National Research
Council] requested the formal classification guidance constituting the
basis for the classification decision. That guidance was not provided, and
so in August 2010, the NRC submitted a formal request for an updated
security classification review. Finally, in August 2012, the current full
report was approved for public release, reversing the original
classification decision, except that several pages of information deemed
classified are available to readers who have the necessary security
"We regret the long delay in approving this report for public release,"
wrote Ralph J. Cicerone, president of the National Academy of Sciences, and
Charles M. Vest, president of the National Academy of Engineering in the
"We understand the need to safeguard security information that may need to
remain classified," they wrote. "But openness is also required to
accelerate the progress with current technology and implementation of
research and development of new technology to better protect the nation
from terrorism and other threats."
They said that a workshop was planned to address changes that have
occurred since the report was completed in 2007.
See "Terrorism and the Electric Power Delivery System," National Research
Council, released November 14, 2012:
   Classification policy at the Department of Homeland Security has become
somewhat more streamlined lately as a result of the Obama Administration's
Fundamental Classification Guidance Review.
Of the Department's 74 security classification guides, 45 were revised and
16 were cancelled.  Overall, 157 subtopics that had been classified -- and
that could be used to justify classification of DHS records -- "were
determined to no longer require classification," according to the DHS final
report on the Fundamental Classification Guidance Review of July 16, 2012.
EAVESDROPPING STATUTES, AND MORE FROM CRS
New or newly updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
have not been made readily available to the public include the following.
Privacy: An Abbreviated Outline of Federal Statutes Governing Wiretapping
and Electronic Eavesdropping, October 9, 2012:
Privacy: An Overview of Federal Statutes Governing Wiretapping and
Electronic Eavesdropping, October 9, 2012:
Privacy: An Overview of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, October
9, 2012:
Privacy: An Abridged Overview of the Electronic Communications Privacy
Act, October 9, 2012:
Federal Laws Relating to Cybersecurity: Discussion of Proposed Revisions,
November 9, 2012:
Medical Marijuana: The Supremacy Clause, Federalism, and the Interplay
Between State and Federal Laws, November 9, 2012:
The Budget Control Act of 2011: Budgetary Effects of Proposals to Replace
the FY2013 Sequester, November 9, 2012:
El Salvador: Political and Economic Conditions and U.S. Relations,
November 9, 2012:
The U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement: Background and Issues, November 9,
Trade Preferences: Economic Issues and Policy Options, November 14, 2012:
The Distribution of Household Income and the Middle Class, November 13,
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-11-26 06:44:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 11/26/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 117
November 26, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     WHITE HOUSE ADVANCES INSIDER THREAT POLICY
**     IG REVIEW OF FISA COMPLIANCE COMPLETED BUT NOT RELEASED
**     AUTONOMY IN WEAPON SYSTEMS
**     INDIA-US SECURITY RELATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
WHITE HOUSE ADVANCES INSIDER THREAT POLICY
In a memorandum to agency heads last week, President Obama transmitted
formal requirements that agencies must meet in order "to deter, detect, and
mitigate actions by employees who may represent a threat to national
Along with espionage and acts of violence, the National Insider Threat
Policy notably extends to the "unauthorized disclosure of classified
information, including the vast amounts of classified data available on
interconnected United States Government computer networks." To combat such
unauthorized disclosures, agencies are required to "monitor employee use of
classified networks."
The new standards, which have not been made publicly available, were
developed by an interagency Insider Threat Task Force that was established
by President Obama in the October 2011 executive order 13587, and they
reflect the ongoing tightening of safeguards on classified information in
response to the voluminous leaks of the last few years.
But the latest issuance also illustrates the superfluousness (or worse) of
current congressional action concerning leaks.  Executive branch agencies
do not need Congress to tell them to develop "a comprehensive insider
threat program management plan," as would be required by the Senate version
of the pending FY2013 Intelligence Authorization Act (section 509).  Such
plans will go forward in any case.
Sen. Ron Wyden has placed a hold on the pending intelligence bill, citing
objections to several of the proposed anti-leak provisions contained in
Title V of the bill. He said the proposed steps were misguided or
"I am concerned that they will lead to less-informed public debate about
national security issues, and also undermine the due process rights of
intelligence agency employees, without actually enhancing national
security," he said on November 14.
The most problematic measures in the Senate bill are those intended to
restrict contacts between reporters and government officials.
Senator Wyden said that legislative actions to limit the ability of the
press to report on classified matters could undermine or cripple the
intelligence oversight process.
"I have been on the Senate Intelligence Committee for 12 years now, and I
can recall numerous specific instances where I found out about serious
government wrongdoing--such as the NSA's warrantless wiretapping program,
or the CIA's coercive interrogation program--only as a result of
disclosures by the press," he said.
The record of a July 2012 House Judiciary Committee hearing on National
Security Leaks and the Law has recently been published.
IG REVIEW OF FISA COMPLIANCE COMPLETED BUT NOT RELEASED
The Office of the Inspector General (OIG) of the Department of Justice
said it had recently completed a review of the Department's use of Section
702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Amendments Act
(FAA), but the report is classified and its findings have not been
"The OIG examined the number of disseminated FBI intelligence reports
containing a reference to a U.S. person identity, the number of U.S. person
identities subsequently disseminated in response to requests for identities
not referred to by name or title in the original reporting, the number of
targets later determined to be located in the United States, and whether
communications of such targets were reviewed.  The OIG also reviewed the
FBI's compliance with the required targeting and minimization procedures,"
according to a November 7 OIG memorandum on Top Management and Performance
Challenges in the Department of Justice.
A copy of the classified report has been requested under the Freedom of
Information Act.
Earlier this year, Sen. Ron Wyden placed a hold on reauthorization of the
FISA Amendments Act "because I believe that Congress does not have enough
information about this law's impact on the privacy of law-abiding American
citizens, and because I am concerned about a loophole in the law that could
allow the government to effectively conduct warrantless searches for
Americans' communications."
AUTONOMY IN WEAPON SYSTEMS
The Department of Defense issued a new Directive last week establishing
DoD policy for the development and use of autonomous weapons systems.
An autonomous weapon system is defined as "a weapon system that, once
activated, can select and engage targets without further intervention by a
human operator."
The new DoD Directive Number 3000.09, dated November 21, establishes
guidelines that are intended "to minimize the probability and consequences
of failures in autonomous and semi-autonomous weapon systems that could
lead to unintended engagements."
"Failures can result from a number of causes, including, but not limited
to, human error, human-machine interaction failures, malfunctions,
communications degradation, software coding errors, enemy cyber attacks or
infiltration into the industrial supply chain, jamming, spoofing, decoys,
other enemy countermeasures or actions, or unanticipated situations on the
battlefield," the Directive explains.
An "unintended engagement" resulting from such a failure means "the use of
force resulting in damage to persons or objects that human operators did
not intend to be the targets of U.S. military operations, including
unacceptable levels of collateral damage beyond those consistent with the
law of war, ROE [rules of engagement], and commander's intent."
The Department of Defense should "more aggressively use autonomy in
military missions," urged the Defense Science Board last summer in a report
on "The Role of Autonomy in DoD Systems."
The U.S. Army issued an updated Army Field Manual 3-36 on Electronic
Warfare earlier this month.
INDIA-US SECURITY RELATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that have
not been made readily available to the public include the following.
India-U.S. Security Relations: Current Engagement, November 13, 2012:
A Guide to China's Upcoming Leadership Transitions, October 16, 2012:
U.S. Trade and Investment Relations with sub-Saharan Africa and the
African Growth and Opportunity Act, November 14, 2012:
Roles and Duties of a Member of Congress, November 9, 2012:
The Congressional Research Service made a humorous appearance in the
Doonesbury comic strip on November 24, in connection with the report on tax
cuts that was withdrawn in response to criticism from some Republican
In fact, as often noted, members of Congress of both parties consistently
withhold public access to most CRS reports.
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-10-15 07:01:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 10/15/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 106
October 15, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     KIRIAKOU NOT ALLOWED TO ARGUE LACK OF INTENT TO HARM U.S.
**     SECRECY CONFERENCE AT FORDHAM LAW SCHOOL
KIRIAKOU NOT ALLOWED TO ARGUE LACK OF INTENT TO HARM U.S.
A court ruled this month that former CIA officer John Kiriakou, who is
charged with unauthorized disclosures of classified information to the
media, will not be permitted to argue at trial that he intended no harm to
the United States, or that his entire career testifies to a deep commitment
to national security.
Instead, the central question at trial will be whether Kiriakou "had
reason to believe" that the information he allegedly released would cause
injury to the United States.
The court ruling, which favors the prosecution's conception of the case,
was issued during a sealed hearing on October 1.  The hearing transcript
has not been released, but the ruling was disclosed in two footnotes in an
October 3 defense pleading that was unsealed last week.
The defense said it would have demonstrated at trial "that Mr. Kiriakou
had no intent to harm the United States, and that he had no motive to do so
had the Court not ruled such arguments inadmissible" (footnote 7).
Similarly, the defense indicated that "this Court's October 1, 2012 ruling
precludes arguments regarding Mr. Kiriakou's intent to harm the United
States or a defense resting on Mr. Kiriakou's lack of bad faith" (footnote
The defense said it would continue to "note where information would be
relevant to such arguments in order to preserve its ability to appeal the
issue should that become necessary."
Meanwhile, two reporters who were subpoenaed by the Kiriakou defense filed
motions to quash the subpoenas.
Attorneys for Matthew Cole, designated "Journalist A" in the Kiriakou
indictment, said that the information sought by the Kiriakou defense was
protected by a reporter's First Amendment privilege and that there was no
basis to overrule the privilege.
Not only that, but Cole attorneys George Doumar and Mark Zaid added that
Mr. Cole would assert a Fifth Amendment right to refuse to testify to avoid
self-incrimination.  They said that the government's past move to prosecute
unauthorized receipt and transmission of classified information in the
AIPAC case (US v. Rosen) raises the possibility that Cole's testimony
"could subject him to a subsequent federal criminal proceeding. Therefore,
he will invoke his Fifth Amendment right to remain silent."
Washington Post researcher Julie Tate also moved to quash a subpoena for
her testimony.  She was identified as the "Researcher 1" sought by the
defense in an article by Josh Gerstein of Politico last week.
Ms. Tate possesses exceptional news gathering skills.  But she has nothing
to do with the charges against Mr. Kiriakou, her attorneys said in their
October 11 motion to quash.
"The testimony defendant seeks from Ms. Tate has no conceivable relevance
to this case. Defendant has been charged with unlawfully disclosing
classified information to Journalist A and Journalist B--not to Ms. Tate.
Ms. Tate is not mentioned in the Indictment, and there is no evidence in
the record that Ms. Tate has ever met or communicated with Mr. Kiriakou....
The law places the burden on the defendant to establish that he has a need
for Ms. Tate's testimony that is so compelling that it outweighs the First
Amendment interests at stake. That burden has not been met."
Scott Shane of the New York Times, who is "Journalist B" in the Kiriakou
indictment, is also believed to have been subpoenaed.  But that subpoena is
said to have been withdrawn for reasons that are unclear.  In any case, Mr.
Shane and the New York Times did not file a motion to quash.
The pending motions to quash the subpoenas will be argued before Judge
Leonie M. Brinkema at an October 18 hearing.
SECRECY CONFERENCE AT FORDHAM LAW SCHOOL
A day-long conference on national security secrecy will be held tomorrow,
October 16, at Fordham Law School in New York City.
The conference brings together a promising mix of former government
officials, journalists, litigators, academics and others, including myself.
For more information on the conference, which is open to the public, see
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-09-06 07:32:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/06/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 89
September 6, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     GREATER AUTONOMY FOR UNMANNED MILITARY SYSTEMS URGED
**     NEW ARMY DOCTRINAL PUBLICATIONS ON INTELLIGENCE, SPECIAL OPS
**     TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP NEGOTIATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
GREATER AUTONOMY FOR UNMANNED MILITARY SYSTEMS URGED
The Department of Defense should focus on increasing the autonomy of
drones and other unmanned military systems, a new report from the Defense
Science Board said.
DoD should "more aggressively use autonomy in military missions," the
Board report said, because currently "autonomy technology is being
underutilized."  See "The Role of Autonomy in DoD Systems," Defense Science
Board, dated July 2012 and released last week.
"Autonomy" in this context does not mean "computers making independent
decisions and taking uncontrolled action."  The Board is not calling for
the immediate development of Skynet at this time.  Rather, autonomy refers
to the automation of a particular function within programmed limits.  "It
should be made clear that all autonomous systems are supervised by human
operators at some level," the report stressed.
Increased autonomy for unmanned military systems "can enable humans to
delegate those tasks that are more effectively done by computer... thus
freeing humans to focus on more complex decision making."
"However, the true value of these systems is not to provide a direct human
replacement, but rather to extend and complement human capability by
providing potentially unlimited persistent capabilities, reducing human
exposure to life threatening tasks, and with proper design, reducing the
high cognitive load currently placed on operators/supervisors."
But all of that is easier said than done.
"Current designs of autonomous systems, and current design methods for
increasing autonomy, can create brittle platforms" that are subject to
irreversible error.  There are also "new failure paths associated with more
autonomous platforms, which has been seen in friendly fire fatalities....
This brittleness, which is resident in many current designs, has severely
retarded the potential benefits that could be obtained by using advances in
The Defense Science Board report discusses the institutional challenges
confronting a move toward increasing autonomy, including the obstacles
posed by proprietary software.  It offers an extended discussion of
conflict scenarios in which the enemy employs its own autonomous systems
against U.S. forces.  The authors describe China's "alarming" investment in
unmanned systems, and encourage particular attention to the relatively
neglected topic of the vulnerability of unmanned systems.
The report includes some intriguing citations, such as a volume on
"Governing Lethal Behavior in Autonomous Robots," and presents numerous
incidental observations of interest.  For example:
"Big data has evolved as a major problem at the National Geospatial
Intelligence Agency (NGA).  Over 25 million minutes of full motion video
are stored at NGA."
But new sensors will produce "exponentially more data" than full motion
video, and will overwhelm current analytical capabilities.
"Today nineteen analysts are required per UAV orbit [i.e. per 24 hour
operational cycle].  With the advent of Gorgon Stare, ARGUS, and other
Broad Area Sensors, up to 2,000 analysts will be required per orbit."
The government "can't hire enough analysts or buy enough equipment to
close these gaps."
NEW ARMY DOCTRINAL PUBLICATIONS ON INTELLIGENCE, SPECIAL OPS
The U.S. Army has recently begun publishing two new series of Army
Doctrine Publications (ADP) and Army Doctrine Reference Publications
These publications generally offer a digest of existing doctrine in
introductory form for broad consumption, with limited modifications and a
few updates.  Last week, the Army issued new unclassified publications on
intelligence and special operations, among other topics.
TRANS-PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP NEGOTIATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has chosen not to make available to the public include the
The Trans-Pacific Partnership Negotiations and Issues for Congress,
September 5, 2012:
Weather-Related Power Outages and Electric System Resiliency, August 28,
SBA Veterans Assistance Programs: An Analysis of Contemporary Issues,
September 4, 2012:
Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act, September 4,
Immigration Detainers: Legal Issues, August 31, 2012:
Tajikistan: Recent Developments and U.S. Interests, updated August 31,
Defense: FY2013 Authorization and Appropriations, updated September 5,
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-09-07 07:51:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/07/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 90
September 7, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     DRONES IN DOMESTIC SURVEILLANCE OPERATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
DRONES IN DOMESTIC SURVEILLANCE OPERATIONS, AND MORE FROM CRS
"The prospect of drone use inside the United States raises far-reaching
issues concerning the extent of government surveillance authority, the
value of privacy in the digital age, and the role of Congress in
reconciling these issues," says a new report on the subject from the
Congressional Research Service.
"This report assesses the use of drones under the Fourth Amendment right
to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures. The touchstone of the
Fourth Amendment is reasonableness. A reviewing court's determination of
the reasonableness of drone surveillance would likely be informed by
location of the search, the sophistication of the technology used, and
society's conception of privacy in an age of rapid technological
"While individuals can expect substantial protections against warrantless
government intrusions into their homes, the Fourth Amendment offers less
robust restrictions upon government surveillance occurring in public places
and perhaps even less in areas immediately outside the home, such as in
driveways or backyards. Concomitantly, as technology advances, the contours
of what is reasonable under the Fourth Amendment may adjust as people's
expectations of privacy evolve."
The new report reviews the relevant Fourth Amendment landscape, the
current status of drone technology and applications, and pending
legislation on the subject. A copy was obtained by Secrecy News.  See
"Drones in Domestic Surveillance Operations: Fourth Amendment Implications
and Legislative Responses," September 6, 2012:
Other noteworthy new CRS reports that Congress has declined to make
publicly available include the following.
The "Fiscal Cliff": Macroeconomic Consequences of Tax Increases and
Spending Cuts, September 5, 2012:
The War Powers Resolution: After Thirty-Eight Years, September 5, 2012:
Stafford Act Declarations 1953-2011: Trends and Analyses, and Implications
for Congress, August 31, 2012:
NFIB v. Sebelius: Constitutionality of the Individual Mandate, September
3, 2012:
Search and Seizure Cases in the October 2012 Term of the Supreme Court,
September 4, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-09-13 08:46:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/13/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 93
September 13, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     AN ARMY INTRODUCTION TO OPEN SOURCE INTELLIGENCE
**     HOUSE VOTES TO REAUTHORIZE FISA AMENDMENTS ACT
AN ARMY INTRODUCTION TO OPEN SOURCE INTELLIGENCE
A new U.S. Army publication provides an introduction to open source
intelligence, as understood and practiced by the Army.
"Open-source intelligence is the intelligence discipline that pertains to
intelligence produced from publicly available information that is
collected, exploited, and disseminated in a timely manner to an appropriate
audience for the purpose of addressing a specific intelligence and
information requirement," the document says.
"The world is being reinvented by open sources. Publicly available
information can be used by a variety of individuals to [achieve] a broad
spectrum of objectives. The significance and relevance of open-source
intelligence (OSINT) serve as an economy of force, provide an additional
leverage capability, and cue technical or classified assets to refine and
validate both information and intelligence."
See "Open-Source Intelligence," Army Techniques Publication (ATP) 2-22.9,
July 2012:
The new manual is evidently intended for soldiers in the field rather than
professional analysts, and it takes nothing for granted.  At some points,
the guidance that it offers is remedial rather than state of the art.
For example, "if looking for information about Russian and Chinese tank
sales to Iraq, do not use 'tank' as the only keyword in the search.
Instead, use additional defining words such as 'Russian Chinese tank sales
But the manual reflects the ongoing maturation of open source intelligence
(OSINT), and it contains several observations of interest.
"The reliance on classified databases has often left Soldiers uninformed
and ill-prepared to capitalize on the huge reservoir of unclassified
information from publicly available information and open sources," the
manual states.
Classification can also be a problem in open source intelligence, however,
and "concern for OPSEC [operations security] can undermine the ability to
disseminate inherently unclassified information."
"Examples of unclassified information being over-classified [include]
reported information found in a foreign newspaper [and a] message from a
foreign official attending an international conference."
Therefore, pursuant to Army regulations, "Army personnel will not apply
classification or other security markings to an article or portion of an
article that has appeared in a newspaper, magazine, or other public
medium," although the resulting OSINT analysis might be deemed "controlled
unclassified information."
Curiously, the new manual itself is blocked from access by the general
public on Army websites. But an unrestricted copy was released by the Army
on request.
Somewhat relatedly, the Department of Defense this week published a new
Instruction on DoD Internet Services and Internet-Based Capabilities, DODI
8550.01, September 11, 2012:
HOUSE VOTES TO REAUTHORIZE FISA AMENDMENTS ACT
The House of Representatives voted yesterday to renew the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) Amendments Act for five years.
The Act generally authorizes electronic surveillance of non-U.S. persons
and U.S. persons who are believed to be outside the United States, while
prohibiting the "intentional" targeting of persons in the U.S. without an
individualized warrant, seemingly leaving a wide opening for unintentional
or incidental collection.  This and other features of the Act prompted
concerns about the expansion of surveillance authority and the erosion of
constitutional protections.
But such concerns, however eloquently expressed by a few dissenting
Members, gained little traction.  The House rebuffed efforts to increase
reporting on implementation of the law or to shorten the duration of its
renewal, and approved the measure by a vote of 300-118.
In the Senate, Sen. Ron Wyden has placed a hold on the bill in an attempt
to compel disclosure of the current scale of government interception of
U.S. communications, which the Administration says it cannot provide.
The Congressional Research Service has produced a new report on
"Reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act," dated September 12, 2012.
The ACLU is challenging the constitutionality of the Act in a case that
will be heard by the U.S. Supreme Court on October 29.
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-09-19 07:27:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/19/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 95
September 19, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     PRODUCTION OF [DELETED] WEAPONS, 1981
**     SURVEILLANCE OF JOURNALISTS: A LOOK BACK
**     POVERTY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND MORE FROM CRS
PRODUCTION OF [DELETED] WEAPONS, 1981
For decades, President Reagan's 1981 National Security Decision Directive
(NSDD) 7 remained entirely classified.  According to a 1999 listing of
Reagan NSDDs issued by the National Security Council, even the title of
NSDD 7 was classified.
In 2008, the document was partially declassified, bearing the title
"[deleted] Weapons."  It stated:  "The production and stockpiling of
[deleted] weapons is authorized with stockpiling being restricted to the
United States [deleted]."
What is this all about?  What mysterious weapons were to be produced and
stockpiled that could not be acknowledged three decades later?
In all likelihood, said Hans Kristensen of FAS, the deleted term
describing the weapons is "enhanced radiation."  Two enhanced radiation
weapons started production in August/September 1981, he noted: the W70
(Lance warhead) and the W79 (artillery shell).
That likelihood is actually a certainty, said our colleague Allen Thomson,
who pointed to the 1991 Bush directive NSD 59.  The Bush directive,
declassified in 1996, listed the title of NSDD 7 with no redactions:  Enhanced Radiation Weapons.
SURVEILLANCE OF JOURNALISTS: A LOOK BACK
"The Department of Defense does not conduct electronic or physical
surveillance of journalists," Pentagon press spokesman George E. Little
wrote in a September 6 response to reporters who had questioned the scope
of official monitoring of their work.
The DoD disavowal of active surveillance is almost certainly true, as far
as it goes.  Even if there were surveillance to be done, it would probably
not be performed by DoD.  But the reporters' question was not a frivolous
one.  There is an historical basis for their concern.
The celebrated CIA "family jewels" report on illegal Agency activities
prior to the mid-1970s that was finally released in full in 2007 included
descriptions of CIA operations to surveil reporters in order to identify
their confidential sources.
The operation known as CELOTEX I was summarized as follows:  "At the
direction of the DCI, a surveillance was conducted of Michael Getler of the
Washington Post during the periods 6-9 October, 27 October - 10 December
1971 and on 3 January 1972. In addition to physical surveillance, an
observation post was maintained in the Statler Hilton Hotel where
observation could be maintained of the building housing his office. The
surveillance was designed to determine Getler's sources of classified
information of interest to the Agency which had appeared in a number of his
CELOTEX II was described this way:  "At the direction of the DCI,
surveillance was conducted of Jack Anderson and at various times his 'leg
men,' Britt Hume, Leslie Whitten, and Joseph Spear, from 15 February to 12
April 1972. In addition to the physical surveillance, an observation post
was maintained in the Statler Hilton Hotel directly opposite Anderson's
office. The purpose of this surveillance was to attempt to determine
Anderson's sources for highly classified Agency information appearing in
his syndicated columns."
The results of these surveillance activities were not reported in the CIA
Government attorneys this week reiterated their argument that New York
Times reporter James Risen "does not have a 'reporter's privilege' to
refuse to identify his source" in the prosecution of former CIA officer
Jeffrey Sterling, who is accused of disclosing classified information to
Risen.  The attorneys cited a new ruling in another Circuit that rejected a
similar claim of privilege, and they urged the Fourth Circuit Court of
Appeals to affirm their position.
POVERTY IN THE UNITED STATES, AND MORE FROM CRS
"In 2011, 46.2 million people were counted as poor in the United States,
the same number as in 2010 and the largest number of persons counted as
poor in the measure's 53-year recorded history," according to a timely new
report from the Congressional Research Service.  See Poverty in the United
States: 2011, September 13, 2012:
Other new and newly updated CRS reports that have not been made publicly
available include the following.
Intelligence Authorization Legislation: Status and Challenges, updated
September 18, 2012:
Latin America and the Caribbean: Fact Sheet on Leaders and Elections,
updated September 17, 2012:
Carbon Tax: Deficit Reduction and Other Considerations, September 17,
Energy Tax Incentives: Measuring Value Across Different Types of Energy
Resources, updated September 18, 2012:
Congressional Responses to Selected Work Stoppages in Professional Sports,
updated September 17, 2012:
Length of Time from Nomination to Confirmation for "Uncontroversial" U.S.
Circuit and District Court Nominees: Detailed Analysis, September 18, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2012-09-27 09:01:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/27/12 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2012, Issue No. 98
September 27, 2012
Secrecy News Blog:  **     DECLASSIFICATION PROCEEDS METHODICALLY AT ENERGY DEPARTMENT
**     US FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO CENTRAL ASIA, AND MORE FROM CRS
DECLASSIFICATION PROCEEDS METHODICALLY AT ENERGY DEPARTMENT
The capacity of gas centrifuges to enrich uranium increased by two orders
of magnitude between 1961 and 1967, from 0.39 kg-SWU/year to 30
kg-SWU/year. That striking fact was declassified by the U.S. Department of
Energy in 2008 and made public this month.
Under the terms of the Atomic Energy Act (section 142), which governs the
classification of nuclear weapons-related information, the Department of
Energy is required to conduct a "continuous review" of its classified
information "in order to determine which information may be declassified."  And so it does.
Slowly and methodically, the Department has declassified numerous
categories of nuclear information over the last several years.  Those
declassification actions were documented recently in response to a Freedom
of Information Act request from the Federation of American Scientists.
At least one of the declassifications is of lasting and profound political
importance, namely the public disclosure in 2010 of the size of the U.S.
nuclear weapons arsenal. Other declassifications involve obscure matters of
uncertain significance, like the now-declassified "fact that thorium metal
is used in the radiation case of the W71 warhead."
In each instance, declassification is preceded by a deliberative process
which considers whether the information is already widely known; whether
its publication would assist an adversary in the development of
countermeasures to U.S. systems or in development of its own nuclear
capability; whether disclosure would have a detrimental effect on U.S.
foreign relations; whether it would benefit the public welfare; and whether
it would otherwise enhance government operations.
With respect to the declassification of historical U.S. centrifuge
information, the DOE record of decision noted that while the information
was not widely known, it would not assist in development of
countermeasures, would not have a detrimental effect on foreign relations,
and would not enhance government operations.  Other aspects of the
justification for declassification of centrifuge data, however, remained
classified and were not released.
On the whole, DOE seems to have a well-articulated procedure for
conducting declassification of atomic energy information.  Under DOE
regulations, there is even a provision for members of the public to propose
topics for declassification (10 CFR 1045.20), though it has rarely if ever
been invoked.
The outcome of the declassification process, however, is somewhat
unpredictable.  It is contingent upon an official -- but inevitably
subjective -- assessment of current technological developments and
political trends.  The correct answer is not always self-evident.
"Prior classification decisions, while not unwarranted, might have taken a
slightly different direction had the post-Cold War environment been more
clearly seen a decade ago," wrote a Los Alamos technical evaluation panel
in a 2003 report to DOE headquarters.
Classified atomic energy information still plays a potent role in public
policy and is not exclusively the province of technologists.  This week the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission granted a license to General Electric-Hitachi
for construction of a uranium enrichment plant in Wilmington, NC, which
uses a controversial laser enrichment process known as SILEX.  Arms control
advocates (including FAS) and others argued that the SILEX process raises
distinctive proliferation concerns that weigh against its adoption.
In 2001, the SILEX process was deemed by DOE to contain
privately-generated Restricted Data that is classified under the Atomic
Energy Act.
Aside from nuclear weapons information classified under the Atomic Energy
Act, the Department of Energy also classifies national security information
by executive order.  DOE described the current state of its national
security information program in a recent report on its performance of the
Fundamental Classification Guidance Review.
US FOREIGN ASSISTANCE TO CENTRAL ASIA, AND MORE FROM CRS
One of the features that make Congressional Research Service reports
broadly valuable is that they often reflect the privileged access to
executive branch information that is enjoyed by CRS, at least in some
areas, compared to what an ordinary member of the public can expect.  So,
for example, a newly updated CRS report on Central Asia provides
authoritative tabulations of US foreign assistance to Central Asian
countries, broken down by country and by year for the past two decades.  Assembling this data independently would be a difficult and time-consuming
chore, if it were possible at all.  See Central Asia: Regional Developments
and Implications for U.S. Interests, updated September 19, 2012:
(For a new critical assessment of US aid to Central Asia based on data
previously published by CRS, see "U.S. Military Aid To Central Asia: Who
Benefits?" by Joshua Kucera, The Bug Pit, September 25.)
Some other new and newly updated reports from the Congressional Research
Service that materialized on our website include the following.
Prospects for Democracy in Hong Kong: Results of the 2012 Elections,
September 14, 2012:
Trafficking in Persons: International Dimensions and Foreign Policy Issues
for Congress, updated September24, 2012:
Energy Policy: Election Year Issues and Legislative Proposals, September
24, 2012:
The Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2008 (Post-9/11 GI
Bill): Primer and Issues, September 21, 2012:
The Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), updated
September 26, 2012:
U.S. Public Diplomacy: Legislative Proposals to Amend Prohibitions on
Disseminating Materials to Domestic Audiences, September 21, 2012:
Mexico: Issues for Congress, updated September 24, 2012:
The Eurozone Crisis: Overview and Issues for Congress, updated September
26, 2012:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-04-22 07:00:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 04/22/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 40
April 22, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     INTELLIGENCE SATELLITE IMAGERY DECLASSIFIED FOR RELEASE
**     MILITARY PHOTOGRAPHERS READY TO DEPLOY AROUND THE GLOBE
INTELLIGENCE SATELLITE IMAGERY DECLASSIFIED FOR RELEASE
An enormous volume of photographic imagery from the KH-9 HEXAGON
intelligence satellites was quietly declassified in January and will be
transferred to the National Archives later this year for subsequent public
The KH-9 satellites operated between 1971 and 1984. The imagery they
generated should be of historical interest with respect to a wide range of
late Cold War intelligence targets but is also expected to support current
scientific research on climate change and related fields of inquiry.
The film-based KH-9 satellites were officially declared "obsolete" by the
Director of National Intelligence in 2011.  The KH-9 imagery was nominally
approved for declassification in February 2012, and then it was finally
declassified in fact this year.
ODNI spokesman Michael Birmingham said that approximately 97 percent of
the satellite imagery that was collected from the 19 successful KH-9
missions was formally declassified by DNI James R. Clapper on January 11,
"The small amount of imagery exempted from this declassification decision
will be removed prior to its accession to the National Archives (NARA) and
will remain classified pursuant to statute and national security interests,
and reviewed periodically to determine if additional declassification is
warranted," Mr. Birmingham said last week.  The imagery is being transferred to NARA in stages, with final delivery
scheduled for September 2013, he said.
The transfer is being implemented pursuant to a November 2012 Memorandum
of Agreement between the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) and
the National Archives, under which the Archives is "responsible for
providing public access to the declassified imagery."
   Reishia R. Kelsey of NGA public affairs confirmed that the imagery "will
be made available to the public following its accession to NARA" later this
The National Archives was not prepared last week to set a precise date for
public release.  But an Archives official said that "NARA intends to make
these records available to the public at our research room in College Park,
MD as soon as possible following transfer."
If successfully executed, the release of the KH-9 imagery will constitute
a breakthrough in the declassification and disclosure of national security
information. It will be one of several discrete but momentous shifts in
secrecy policy during the Obama Administration that have often gone
unrecognized or unappreciated. Though these declassification actions took
years or decades to accomplish, they have been downplayed by the White
House itself, which has seemed curiously ambivalent about them.  They
include the public disclosure of the size of the U.S. nuclear weapons
arsenal, the routine publication of the annual intelligence budget request,
the release of the Office of Legal Counsel "torture memos," the
declassification of the KH-9 satellite itself, and others.
The KH-9 imagery is being processed for public release pursuant to the
1995 Executive Order 12951 on "Release of Imagery Acquired by Space-based
National Intelligence Reconnaissance Systems."  That order had been
effectively dormant since the Clinton Administration, when the last major
release of intelligence satellite imagery (from the CORONA, ARGON and
LANYARD missions) took place.
The declassification of the KH-9 imagery is a massive undertaking, Mr.
Birmingham of ODNI said last year.
"For context, and to grasp the scope of the project, the KH-9/HEXAGON
system provided coverage over hundreds of millions of square miles of
territory during its 19 successful missions spanning 1971-1984," he said.  "It is a daunting issue to address declassification of the program
specifics associated with an obsolete system such as the KH-9, which
involves the declassification of huge volumes of intelligence information
gathered on thousands of targets worldwide during a 13 year time period."
   MILITARY PHOTOGRAPHERS READY TO DEPLOY AROUND THE GLOBE
Just as law enforcement relied upon surveillance cameras and personal
photography to enable the prompt identification of the perpetrators of the
Boston Marathon bombing, U.S. armed forces increasingly look to the
collection of still and motion imagery to support military operations.
Combat camera (COMCAM) capabilities support "operational planning, public
affairs, information operations, mission assessment, forensic, legal,
intelligence and other requirements during crises, contingencies, and
exercises around the globe," according to newly updated military doctrine.
COMCAM personnel are "highly trained visual information professionals
prepared to deploy to the most austere operational environments at a
moment's notice."
COMCAM units "are adaptive and provide fully qualified and equipped
personnel to support sustained day or night operations" in-flight, on the
ground or undersea, as needed.
"Effectively employed COMCAM assets at the tactical level can potentially
achieve national, theater strategic, and operational level objectives in a
manner that lessens the requirement for combat in many situations," the new
doctrine says.  "Their products can counter adversary misinformation,
disinformation, and propaganda and help commanders gain situational
awareness on operations in a way written or verbal reports cannot."
"The products can also provide historical documentation, public
information, or an evidentiary foundation... for forensic documentation of
evidence and legal proceedings. They can provide intelligence documentation
to include imagery for facial recognition and key leader engagements, and
support special reconnaissance."
The newly issued COMCAM doctrine supersedes previous guidance from 2007.  See Combat Camera: Multi-Service Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures for
Combat Camera (COMCAM) Operations, April 2013.
   Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-04-23 11:08:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 04/23/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 41
April 23, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     GROUPS URGE WHITE HOUSE TO TAKE LEAD IN REDUCING SECRECY
**     SURVEY OF FEDERAL WHISTLEBLOWER LAWS, AND MORE FROM CRS
GROUPS URGE WHITE HOUSE TO TAKE LEAD IN REDUCING SECRECY
The White House should undertake a focused effort to reduce national
security secrecy, some 30 public interest organizations urged President
Obama in a letter today.
The groups called upon the President to adopt a recommendation of the
Public Interest Declassification Board to set up a White House-led Security
Classification Reform Steering Committee.
"A presidentially appointed Steering Committee would provide a mechanism
for identifying and coordinating needed changes and for overcoming internal
agency obstacles to change," the group letter said. "It would also reflect
the urgency of reining in a classification system that is largely
To be effective, though, the proposed Steering Committee would need to be
something more than just a deliberative, coordinating body, such as the
ill-fated Security Policy Board of the 1990s.
Specifically, it would require "a clear mandate to reduce the size and
scope of the national security classification system," the group letter
said, as well as active White House participation to ensure agency
cooperation and compliance.
In principle, reductions in national security secrecy can actually benefit
government agencies by diminishing the significant financial and
operational costs they incur for classification. But in practice, such
reductions have been hard to accomplish and agencies have resisted any
externally imposed limits on their presumed autonomy to classify as they
see fit.
Of all the potential ways to reduce secrecy that could be envisioned, the
proposal for a White House-led Steering Committee is currently the most
salient.  That's because it was recommended by the Public Interest
Declassification Board, who developed it in response to a request from
President Obama himself.
"I also look forward to reviewing recommendations from the study that the
National Security Advisor will undertake in cooperation with the Public
Interest Declassification Board to design a more fundamental transformation
of the security classification system," the President wrote in a December
29, 2009 memorandum.
Now the recommendations that the President looked forward to are in hand,
and it will be up to the White House to act.
SURVEY OF FEDERAL WHISTLEBLOWER LAWS, AND MORE FROM CRS
Dozens of federal laws protect employees who report waste, fraud or abuse
by their employers. Some of those laws, particularly those that apply to
private-sector workers, have been strengthened in recent years, according
to a new survey from the Congressional Research Service.
"Eleven of the forty laws reviewed in this report were enacted after 1999.
Among these laws are the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the FDA Food Safety
Modernization Act, and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act," the CRS report said.
The report "focuses on key aspects of the federal whistleblower and
anti-retaliation laws. For each law, the report summarizes the activities
that are protected, how the law's protections are enforced, whether the law
provides a private right of action, the remedies prescribed by the law, and
the year the law's whistleblower or anti-retaliation provisions were
adopted and amended."
The report does not address national security whistleblowers, or those who
disclose classified information with or without authorization. See Survey
of Federal Whistleblower and Anti-Retaliation Laws, April 22, 2013:
Other new or newly updated CRS reports that Congress has not made publicly
available include the following.
State Taxation of Internet Transactions, April 19, 2013:
Drought in the United States: Causes and Issues for Congress, April 22,
Department of Homeland Security Appropriations: A Summary of Congressional
Action for FY2013, April 22, 2013:
The FY2014 State and Foreign Operations Budget Request, April 18, 2013:
U.S.-EU Cooperation Against Terrorism, April 22, 2013:
Expediting the Return to Work: Approaches in the Unemployment Compensation
Program, April 18, 2013:
Economic Recovery: Sustaining U.S. Economic Growth in a Post-Crisis
Economy, April 18, 2013:
Federal Research and Development Funding: FY2013, April 19, 2013:
The U.S. Export Control System and the President's Reform Initiative,
April 19, 2013:
Mexico's Drug Trafficking Organizations: Source and Scope of the Violence,
April 15, 2013:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-08-06 06:48:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 08/06/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 72
August 6, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     MILITARY TESTS DATA MINING OF SOCIAL MEDIA FOR SPECIAL OPS
**     U.S. TRADE POLICY, AND MORE FROM CRS
MILITARY TESTS DATA MINING OF SOCIAL MEDIA FOR SPECIAL OPS
The U.S. military has been investigating the use of sophisticated data
mining tools to probe social media and other open sources in order to
support military operations against money laundering, drug trafficking,
terrorism and other threats.  But the window for doing so may be closing as
the social media landscape changes, according to an internal assessment.
U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) National Capital Region (NCR)
conducted a series of experiments over the past year under the rubric
"QUANTUM LEAP" that was intended to test "non-traditional" tools and
techniques to advance the SOCOM mission.
An after-action report on the first experiment said it "was successful in
identifying strategies and techniques for exploiting open sources of
information, particularly social media, in support of a counter threat
finance mission."  Counter threat finance refers to efforts to disrupt an
adversary's finances.  A copy of the SOCOM NCR report was obtained by
Secrecy News.  See "Project QUANTUM LEAP: After Action Report," 12
September 2012:
"Major lessons learned were the pronounced utility of social media in
exploiting human networks, including networks in which individual members
actively seek to limit their exposure to the internet and social media...,"
the report said.
The QUANTUM LEAP project, which did not utilize classified intelligence,
relied heavily on participation by private sector firms identified in the
report, who demonstrated tools they had developed "to enhance the ability
to discover relationships, human networks, and geospatial features" from
open source data.
A tool called Social Bubble permitted the search of Twitter-related
content "to explore human networks associated with the [counter threat
finance] scenario and enabled identification of various entities...
associated with the moneylaundering network."  A tool called Recon was used
to reconstruct source documents from a raw data stream.  Another tool
served to "collect large quantities of data from the 'deep web', or sources
which are accessible via the internet but not necessarily indexed or linked
via a world wide web page."  And another called Semantica "is capable of
ingesting structured and semi-structured data and displaying it in a
'triplet' format, e.g. two entities and a relationship, such as [A is owned
by B]."
"More than 200 additional open-source tools and sources were identified
relevant to counter threat finance," the SOCOM report said.
The report said that as valuable as the opportunity created by new
techniques for data mining of open sources appears to be, it may prove to
be transient.
"We are currently in a 'window' of opportunity for exploitation of social
media sources for application to CTF [counter threat finance] or other
SOCOM NCR missions. This window could be as narrow as 18-24 months before
the social media phenomenon transforms. This future transformation is
unknown and could offer additional opportunities, or existing opportunities
could be closed, but the only thing that is certain is that there will
continue to be rapid change."
There are also unresolved legal issues.
"Legal review of the appropriate use and application of social media data
is in its infancy. Social media is transforming notions of privacy and
distinctions between personally identifiable information (PII) and
self-reported public information will have to be established by precedent
in case law," the report said.
"Almost all information relevant to the QUANTUM LEAP experiment has a
locative context [revealing the location of the source]. Location based
services (LBS) are becoming integrated into every facet of our lives and
are becoming much more accepted. There is a cultural/generational component
to acceptance of LBS in social media," the report said.
SOCOM Public Affairs did not respond to requests for comment or further
information about the project, and the report describing the effort
(labeled "draft") has not been formally released.  However, the report was
kept unclassified, facilitating its dissemination and discussion among the
interested public.
Meanwhile, the future of SOCOM National Capital Region is itself
uncertain, as Congress has thus far declined to authorize or appropriate
funds that were requested for it in the coming fiscal year.
"The Committee remains unclear about the function, purpose, and costs
associated with the operations, infrastructure, and facilities for this
entity [SOCOM National Capital Region] both in the interim phase and the
final end-state," according to a June 2013 report of the House
Appropriations Committee. "Further, the Committee has received conflicting
information over the course of the last year as to the purpose of this
Project QUANTUM LEAP derives its name and inspiration from an initiative
in the late 1990s to incorporate advanced technologies into Naval Special
Warfare capabilities.  That earlier Project QUANTUM LEAP was described in
"Stimulating Innovation in Naval Special Warfare by Utilizing Small Working
Groups" by Thomas A. Rainville, Master's Thesis, March 2001.
U.S. TRADE POLICY, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and newly updated Congressional Research Service reports that Congress
has withheld from online public distribution include the following.
Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) and the Role of Congress in Trade Policy,
August 2, 2013:
Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) and Its Role in U.S. Trade Policy,
August 5, 2013:
Trade Adjustment Assistance for Firms: Economic, Program, and Policy
Issues, August 5, 2013:
African Growth and Opportunity Act (AGOA): Background and Reauthorization,
August 2, 2013:
International Crises and Disasters: U.S. Humanitarian Assistance Response
Mechanisms, August 1, 2013:
Chemical Facility Security: Issues and Options for the 113th Congress,
August 2, 2013:
Health Care for Veterans: Answers to Frequently Asked Questions, August 1,
The MF Global Bankruptcy, Missing Customer Funds, and Proposals for
Reform, August 1, 2013:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-01-17 11:15:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 01/17/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 6
January 17, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     SANDIA SCIENTISTS MODEL DYNAMICS OF SOCIAL PROTEST
**     STRATEGY LACKING FOR DISPOSAL OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPONENTS
SANDIA SCIENTISTS MODEL DYNAMICS OF SOCIAL PROTEST
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories have been studying the ways
that information, ideas and behaviors propagate through social networks in
order to gain advance warning of cyber attacks or other threatening
The initial problem is how to explain the disparate consequences of
seemingly similar triggering events.  Thus, in 2005, the Danish newspaper
Jyllands-Posten published cartoons featuring the Muslim Prophet Muhammad,
prompting widespread protests.  In 2006, by contrast, the Pope gave a
lecture in which he made comments about Islam that were considered
derogatory by some, but the ensuing controversy quickly faded away.
"While each event appeared at the outset to have the potential to trigger
significant protests, the 'Danish cartoons' incident ultimately led to
substantial Muslim mobilization, including massive protests and
considerable violence, while outrage triggered by the pope lecture quickly
subsided with essentially no violence," wrote Sandia authors Richard
Colbaugh and Kristin Glass.  "It would obviously be very useful to have the
capability to distinguish these two types of reaction as early in the event
lifecycle as possible."
What accounts for the difference in these outcomes? The intrinsic
qualities of the events are not sufficient to explain why one had
disruptive consequences and the other did not. Rather, the authors say, one
must factor in the mechanisms of influence by which individual responses
are shaped and spread.
By way of analogy, it has been shown that "it is likely to be impossible
to predict movie revenues, even very roughly, based on the intrinsic
information available concerning the movie" such as cast or genre, but that
"it *is* possible to identify early indicators of movie success, such as
temporal patterns in pre-release 'buzz', and to use these indicators to
accurately predict ultimate box office revenues."
The Sandia authors developed a methodology that reflects the "topological
properties" of social and information networks -- including the density and
hierarchy of connections among network members -- and modeled the dynamics
of "social diffusion events" in which individuals exercise influence on one
They report that their model lends itself, among other things, to
"distinguishing successful mobilization and protest events, that is,
mobilizations that become large and self-sustaining, from unsuccessful ones
early in their lifecycle."
They tested the model to predict the spread of textual memes, to
distinguish between events that generated significant protest (a May 2005
Quran desecration) and those that did not (the knighting of Salman Rushdie
in 2007), and to provide early warning of cyber attacks.
The authors' research was sponsored by the Department of Defense and the
Department of Homeland Security, among others.  See "Early warning analysis
for social diffusion events" by Richard Colbaugh and Kristin Glass,
originally published in Security Informatics, Vol. 1, 2012, SAND
STRATEGY LACKING FOR DISPOSAL OF NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPONENTS
There is a "large inventory" of classified nuclear weapons components
"scattered across" the nation's nuclear weapons complex and awaiting
disposal, according to an internal Department of Energy contractor report
last year.
But "there is no complex-wide cost-effective classified weapon disposition
strategy." And as a result, "Only a small portion of the inventory has been
dispositioned and it has not always been in a cost-effective manner."
See "Acceptance of Classified Excess Components for Disposal at Area 5,"
presented at the Spring 2012 Waste Generator Workshop, April 24, 2012.
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-01-25 07:59:11
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 01/25/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 9
January 25, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     FORMER CIA OFFICER KIRIAKOU SENTENCED FOR LEAK
**     INTERNATIONAL TAX HAVENS, AND MORE FROM CRS
FORMER CIA OFFICER KIRIAKOU SENTENCED FOR LEAK
Former CIA officer John Kiriakou was sentenced today to 30 months in
prison for a violation of the Intelligence Identities Protection Act after
he pleaded guilty to one count of identifying a covert agent.
Although the sentence is less than that prescribed by federal sentencing
guidelines, the government said that it considers the reduced penalty
In a presentencing memorandum for the defense, Mr. Kiriakou's attorneys
said that his offense should be seen in the context of his lifelong
commitment "to public service and the defense of America's national
"In the course of his service to the United States and the Central
Intelligence Agency, Mr. Kiriakou placed himself in harm's way on countless
occasions, earning the CIA's Exceptional Service Award no fewer than ten
times," the defense memorandum said.
Although Mr. Kiriakou accepted full responsibility for his actions, the
defense said that he had been duped into making the unauthorized disclosure
that led to his prosecution.
"In 2006, Journalist A told Mr. Kiriakou that he was working on a book
about the Abu Omar rendition in Milan. That was false. Journalist A has
never published a book on that subject and the defense is aware of no
evidence that he was ever working on one."
"In reality, unknown to Mr. Kiriakou, Journalist A was acting as a private
investigator on behalf of lawyers representing terrorist detainees in
Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, and was forwarding the information he received from
Mr. Kiriakou, as well as information he received from many other
individuals, to another private investigator working with the detainees'
lawyers. Mr. Kiriakou now realizes that he made a very serious mistake in
passing any information to Journalist A, but he would not have done so had
he known how Journalist A would make use of that information," the defense
memorandum said.
The defense noted that "Mr. Kiriakou has fully and forthrightly accepted
responsibility for his actions and recognizes the seriousness of the crime
to which he has pled guilty.  Yet while many will never know Mr. Kiriakou
apart from this prosecution, the incident that led to this moment cannot
undo the reality of Mr. Kiriakou's life in full-- a life dedicated to the
values of freedom, decency, public service, and love of country.  As the
government concedes, although Mr. Kiriakou's crime was unquestionably
serious, he was never motivated by any desire to harm the United States,
national security, the CIA's critical mission abroad, or any individual
A petition asking President Obama to pardon Mr. Kiriakou or commute his
sentence has already been signed by thousands of supporters.
After Vice Presidential aide Scooter Libby was convicted of perjury in
connection with the unauthorized disclosure of the identity of CIA officer
Valerie Plame in 2007 and sentenced to 30 months in jail, his sentence was
promptly commuted by President George W. Bush.
INTERNATIONAL TAX HAVENS, AND MORE FROM CRS
New and updated reports from the Congressional Research Service that
Congress has not made available to the public include the following.
Tax Havens: International Tax Avoidance and Evasion, January 23, 2013:
An Overview of the Tax Provisions in the American Taxpayer Relief Act of
2012, January 20, 2013:
Receipt of Unemployment Insurance by Higher-Income Unemployed Workers
("Millionaires"), January 23, 2013:
Summary Report: Congressional Action on the FY2013 Disaster Supplemental,
January 22, 2013:
FY2013 Supplemental Funding for Disaster Relief: Summary and
Considerations for Congress, January 23, 2013:
Congressional Commissions: Overview, Structure, and Legislative
Considerations, January 22, 2013:
Congressional Careers: Service Tenure and Patterns of Member Service,
1789-2013, January 3, 2013:
Global Security Contingency Fund (GSCF): Summary and Issue Overview,
January 22, 2013:
Bosnia and Herzegovina: Current Issues and U.S. Policy, January 24, 2013:
Mexico's New Administration: Priorities and Key Issues in U.S.-Mexican
Relations, January 16, 2013:
Reauthorization of the FISA Amendments Act, January 2, 2013:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-10-08 08:59:10
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 10/08/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 87
October 8, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     CIA HALTS PUBLIC ACCESS TO OPEN SOURCE SERVICE
CIA HALTS PUBLIC ACCESS TO OPEN SOURCE SERVICE
For more than half a century, the public has been able to access a wealth
of information collected by U.S. intelligence from unclassified, open
sources around the world.  At the end of this year, the Central
Intelligence Agency will terminate that access.
The U.S. intelligence community's Open Source Center (OSC), which is
managed by the CIA, will cease to provide its information feed to the
publicly accessible World News Connection as of December 31, 2013,
according to an announcement from the National Technical Information
Service (NTIS), which operates the World News Connection (WNC).
The WNC "is an online news service, only accessible via the World Wide
Web, that offers an extensive array of translated and English-language news
and information," an NTIS brochure explains. "Particularly effective in its
coverage of local media sources, WNC provides you with the power to
identify what really is happening in a specific country or region. Compiled
from thousands of non-U.S. media sources, the information in WNC covers
significant socioeconomic, political, scientific, technical, and
environmental issues and events."
"The information is obtained from full text and summaries of newspaper
articles, conference proceedings, television and radio broadcasts,
periodicals, and non-classified technical reports. New information is
entered into WNC every government business day. Generally, new information
is available within 48-72 hours from the time of original publication or
"For over 60 years, analysts from OSC's domestic and overseas bureaus have
monitored timely and pertinent open-source materials, including grey
literature. Uniquely, WNC allows you to take advantage of the intelligence
gathering experience of OSC," the NTIS brochure says. Soon, that will no
longer be true.
The WNC public feed from the Open Source Center is a highly attenuated
version of what is available to official government users.  Within
government, copyright considerations are ignored, but for public
distribution they must be respected, and so (with some exceptions) only
information products whose creators have signed a royalty agreement with
NTIS are publicly released.
Even with that significant limitation and the attendant public
subscription fees, the NTIS World News Connection has remained a highly
prized resource for news reporters, foreign policy analysts, students and
interested members of the public.
I check it almost every day.  Recently, for example, I have been following
official statements from Russian officials who allege that the U.S. is
covertly developing biological weapons for use against Russia in a military
laboratory in the Republic of Georgia. The claim seems bizarre, but may
nevertheless be politically significant.  Detailed English-language
coverage of the matter, or of many other stories of regional interest and
importance, is not readily available elsewhere.  (Moreso than in the past,
however, portions of the material that is publicly accessible through WNC
can be obtained elsewhere, through other news services or foreign
The reasons for the decision to terminate the World News Connection are a
bit obscure.  Producing it is not a drain on U.S. intelligence-- the
marginal costs of providing the additional feed to NTIS are close to
zero. (The total budget for open source intelligence was about $384
million in
FY2012, according to classified budget records obtained by the Washington
Post from Edward Snowden.)  However, the program is a headache for NTIS to
manage, particularly since NTIS officials had to negotiate numerous
contracts with media source providers to offer their products to the
public.  But the large majority of that work has already been accomplished,
and now it will be rendered useless.
Mary Webster of the Open Source Center had initially proposed to cancel
the public information feed as of September 30, according to an NTIS
official.  Then she was persuaded to grant a six month reprieve.  But in
the end, a cut-off date of December 31, 2013 was set.
If that comes to pass, it will be a blow to researchers and proponents of
public intelligence. The Federation of American Scientists had previously
argued that the U.S. government should actually expand public access to
open source intelligence by publishing all unclassified, uncopyrighted Open
Source Center products.  ("Open Up Open Source Intelligence," Secrecy News,
August 24, 2011.)  Instead, even the current range of publications will no
longer be systematically released.  (Only a small fraction of publicly
unreleased OSC records ever seem to leak.)
Although the Open Source Center is managed by the Central Intelligence
Agency, it is formally a component of the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence.  Yet the move the terminate public access to OSC
products seemed to catch the ODNI unawares.
"Obviously our attention is on a possible lapse in appropriations, but we
are looking into this," said an ODNI spokesman on September 30, just before
the government shutdown.
"The information provided through NTIS makes an irreplaceable contribution
to U.S. national security," wrote Prof. Gary G. Sick of Columbia University
in an October 1999 letter, in response to a previous proposal to curtail
coverage in the World News Connection.
The World News Connection "informs us about other countries in ways that
otherwise would be nearly impossible," Dr. Sick wrote. "It costs virtually
nothing in comparison with almost any other national security system. It is
not as sexy as a bomber or a missile, but its contributions to national
security can be attested to by generations of policy-makers. I was in the
White House during the Iranian revolution and the hostage crisis, and my
respect for the power of this information was born at that time. I often
found it more helpful than the reams of classified material that came
across my desk at the NSC."
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:

@_date: 2013-09-06 08:08:09
@_author: Steven Aftergood 
@_subject: Secrecy News -- 09/08/13 
Format Note:  If you cannot easily read the text below, or you prefer to
receive Secrecy News in another format, please reply to this email to let
us know.
SECRECY NEWS
from the FAS Project on Government Secrecy
Volume 2013, Issue No. 79
September 6, 2013
Secrecy News Blog:  **     TRENDS IN INTELLIGENCE SPENDING, AND MORE FROM CRS
**     RESOURCES ON CONFLICT IN SYRIA FROM CRS
TRENDS IN INTELLIGENCE SPENDING, AND MORE FROM CRS
The rise and fall (and rise) of intelligence spending over the past three
decades is traced in a newly updated report from the Congressional Research
"Limited publicly available data suggests intelligence spending, measured
in constant 2014 dollars, has roughly doubled since the September 11, 2001,
terrorist attacks and, before declines over the last three years, was
almost double spending at its peak at the end of the cold war," the CRS
report notes.
The report does not explicitly deal with the latest disclosure of a
classified intelligence budget document in the Washington Post. "Because
the document leaked to the news media is classified, CRS is unable to
provide a discussion of the specific detail of that budget submission." But
the report provides a useful compilation of previously disclosed
intelligence budget data, along with some sensible extrapolations to round
out the picture.
CRS also reviews proposals to restructure the intelligence budgeting
process.  See "Intelligence Spending and Appropriations: Issues for
Congress," September 5, 2013:
But any proposals to modify current intelligence budget practices face
strong opposition in Congress. In its report on the FY2014 defense
authorization act, the House Armed Services Committee included language to
prohibit efforts by the Secretary of Defense to create a new budget account
for the National Intelligence Program. (Section 924)
   The Committee also said that the Defense Department has been secretly
maneuvering to promote a consolidated National Intelligence Program budget
within the Department of Defense as a separate budget category -- a step
favored by the 9/11 Commission, among others, as a way to increase clarity
and accountability in intelligence spending. "The committee is concerned
that the executive branch has failed to notify the appropriate
congressional committees about its continuing efforts to pursue
consolidation of the portion of the Department of Defense budget designated
as part of the National Intelligence Program," the House report said. The
Committee directed the Department of Defense to submit a report to Congress
on "any planning [for future intelligence budget consolidation] that has
occurred during the past two years."
Some other noteworthy new reports from the Congressional Research Service
that Congress has withheld from online public distribution include the
War in Afghanistan: Campaign Progress, Political Strategy, and Issues for
Congress, August 29, 2013:
Instances of Use of United States Armed Forces Abroad, 1798-2013, August
30, 2013:
Navy Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) Program: Background and Issues for
Congress, September 3, 2013:
Banning the Use of Racial Preferences in Higher Education: A Legal
Analysis of Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action, September
3, 2013:
Wildfire Management: Federal Funding and Related Statistics, August 30,
U.S. Farm Income, August 30, 2013:
Proposed U.S.-Mexico Transboundary Hydrocarbons Agreement: Background and
Issues for Congress, August 29, 2013:
Kyrgyzstan: Recent Developments and U.S. Interests, August 30, 2013:
Climate Change and Existing Law: A Survey of Legal Issues Past, Present,
and Future, August 28, 2013:
RESOURCES ON CONFLICT IN SYRIA FROM CRS
Here are some new and updated reports on the conflict in Syria prepared by
the Congressional Research Service:
Possible U.S. Intervention in Syria: Issues for Congress, September 3,
Syria: Overview of the Humanitarian Response, September 4, 2013:
Syria's Chemical Weapons: Issues for Congress, August 30, 2013:
Secrecy News is written by Steven Aftergood and published by the
Federation of American Scientists.
The Secrecy News Blog is at:
    To SUBSCRIBE to Secrecy News, go to:
    To UNSUBSCRIBE, go to
    OR email your request to saftergood at fas.org
Secrecy News is archived at:
    Support the FAS Project on Government Secrecy with a donation:
    Steven Aftergood
Project on Government Secrecy
Federation of American Scientists
web:    email:  saftergood at fas.org
voice:  (202) 454-4691
twitter:
