
@_date: 1996-09-25 04:07:02
@_author: StarNine Sales Service 
@_subject: Reminder on your eval software 
Dear Macintosh User,
Thank you for your interest in our free evaluation software. We hope that you're enjoying working with one of our award-winning Macintosh server
products such as WebSTAR, ListSTAR or Quarterdeck Mail. We're sending  this message to you as a quick reminder that the serial key for your evaluation copy will expire in approximately three weeks.
If for any reason you were unable to successfully download the requested file, we urge you to try downloading again at:
Once you've begun using our software, you should enjoy easy installation and administration.  If you experience any difficulties, please consult one of our useful on-line support resources such as our FAQ pages or technical notes at . Of course, you can always receive a personal reply to your questions by sending e-mail to support at starnine.com.
After you've had a chance to evaluate whether the program meets the needs of your organization, we urge you to call our sales office at 1-800-525-2580 or (510) 649-4949, or send mail to sales at starnine.com for information regarding pricing and availability. Products may also be purchased via our on-line store: You may want to evaluate one of our other products we offer:
* WebSTAR - for easily creating and maintaining dynamic Web sites on your Macintosh. WebSTAR recently won "Software Product of the Year" and "Editor's Choice" award, and now includes Adobe Pagemill for easy Web page creation.
* ListSTAR - allowing you to publish email on the Internet. Create your own powerful email discussion groups and Email-On-Demand services, including easy Web site integration.
* Quarterdeck Mail (formerly Microsoft Mail for AppleTalk Networks).  The easiest client-server email system for Mac networks, now includes
one-click browser URL-launching, internet-style signatures and more!
* Mail*Link Gateways - connect Quarterdeck Mail or QuickMail to the Internet or Unix systems via the UUCP or SMTP protocols.  Please call (800) 525-2580 or mail sales at starnine.com for evaluation copies.
Thank you again for your interest in our products.
StarNine Technologies, a Quarterdeck Company
Phone: 1-800-525-2580
FAX: (510)-548-0393
                       2550 Ninth Street, Suite 112
                        Berkeley, CA 94110
