
@_date: 1996-08-19 09:54:46
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION ANNOUNCES STRONGHOLD VERSION 1.3 
For Immediate Release - August 19, 1996
Contact: Sameer Parekh 510-986-8770
Oakland, CA - Community ConneXion, Inc., the leader in uncompromising
security for the Internet, today announced the version 1.3 release of
Stronghold, the commercial version of Apache-SSL. Stronghold is based
on the popular Apache server, the most popular webserver on the
Internet, according to the Netcraft server survey at
Stronghold 1.3 is a significant improvement from the Stronghold 1.2
product. The latest version is based on Apache 1.1.1, which supports
features such as Keep-Alive, server information modules, a proxy
server, an easier to use API, more flexibility in authentication, and
greater configurability.
"We're happy to have a final release version of 1.3 available," said
Sameer Parekh, President of Community ConneXion. "Because of our close
involvement with the Apache Group, we can quickly track new Apache
releases. We expect to have an Apache 1.2-based server available soon
after the Apache 1.2 release."  Stronghold 1.3 is the result of an
extensive Internet-wide beta test, which started soon after the full
release of Apache 1.1.1.
Apache 1.1.1 includes features such as the status module, which gives
the server administrator the ability to monitor in real time the
server's activity. An information module is also available which gives
administrators easy access to a list of which modules have been
installed on their server, as well as their configuration directives.
The latest version includes modules which support database access,
including mSQL and Postgres95.
Apache 1.1.1 has much more flexible configuration with regards to
virtual hosts and multiple IP addresses. This feature allows such
innovations as the ability within Stronghold 1.3 to serve both SSL and
nonSSL documents from the same server instance.
The latest version of Stronghold supports "Session ID Caching," which
allows for dramatic performance improvements. Session caching allows
servers to process connections much faster because the processor
intensive calculations happen less often. Limited performance tests
have shown speed improvements of eight hundred percent. "With Session
ID Caching, the SSL protocol is not noticably slower than not using
the encryption protocol. There is no excuse not to encrypt
everything," said Parekh.
Community ConneXion is now shipping binaries for Sparc Solaris 2.5,
x86 Solaris 2.5, Sparc SunOS 4.1.3_U1, FreeBSD 2.1, BSDI 1.1, AIX
3.2.5, IRIX 5.3, HP/UX, OSF/1, Ultrix, BSDI 2.0, and Linux (ELF &
a.out). More platforms will be available soon, and even more may be
supported on request.  Stronghold may be ordered and downloaded at
 Existing commercial licensees may
download the latest version free of charge.
Portions developed by the Apache Group, taken with permission from the
Apache Server   This product includes software
developed by Ben Laurie for use in the Apache-SSL HTTP server project.
This product includes software developed by Eric Young
(eay at mincom.oz.au).

@_date: 1996-12-18 22:58:03
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: C2NET ANNOUNCES STRONGHOLD 2.0, BUNDLED THAWTE CERTIFICATES 
For Release: December 19, 1996
C2Net: Douglas Barnes, +1 510 986 8770, cman at c2.net
UK Web: Dave Williams, +44 0113 222 0046, dwilliams at ukweb.com
Thawte Consulting: Mark Shuttleworth, +27 21 975 4675, marks at thawte.com
     C2NET ANNOUNCES STRONGHOLD 2.0, BUNDLED THAWTE CERTIFICATES
Oakland, CA -- C2Net Software, an Oakland-based security software
company, announced today the beta release of Stronghold
2.0. Stronghold is currently the second most popular commercial
webserver on the Unix platform, according to the Netcraft survey of
webservers on the Internet. (see: Bundled With Thawte Certificates
Additionally, C2Net and Thawte Consulting cc, a certificate authority
based in South Africa, jointly announced a bundled product: a
Stronghold webserver and a Thawte server certificate. The bundle will
sell for $545; Stronghold alone lists at $495. Thawte's main
competitor, Verisign, sells web server certificates for $290; similar
certificates are $100 when purchased separately from Thawte.
"We can now offer our customers the convenience of one-stop shopping
when setting up a secure web site," said C2Net President Sameer
Parekh.  "Thawte is now poised to be a significant competitor to
VeriSign, and we think that competition in this area is very healthy
and will bring greater value to the entire Internet"
Certificates are used for secure connections to authenticate the
server to the client. People using Netscape and Microsoft browsers can
connect to sites using both Thawte and VeriSign certificates because
the "root certificates" for these companies come pre-loaded with the
Netscape and Microsoft browsers.
New Features in Version 2.0
Stronghold 2.0 is adding a number of new features users have been
asking for. "We've redesigned the security interfaces and built on the new Apache 1.2
code base," commented Mark Cox, Stronghold product manager at UK Web.
"Stronghold has had many productivity and performance enhancements and it is now fully compliant with the new HTTP/1.1 standard."  The HTTP/1.1 standard is a significant update to HTTP/1.0, the protocol that governs how web browsers and web servers communicate. HTTP/1.1 brings many new features to the table, including improved content and language  negotiation, improved persistent connections, and better
recovery from interrupted transfers. (For more information on HTTP/1.1,
see Stronghold 2.0b1 also incorporates a number of popular features from
the Thawte webserver, Sioux, including more flexible directives for
specifying security properties and improved certificate-based
authentication. A subsequent beta version of Stronghold 2.0 will
contain a full-fledged grapical configuration manager, based on the
one in Sioux, as well as support for the latest version of the SSL
protocol, known as SSLv3.
Merged With Sioux
Along with the bundling agreement, Thawte and C2Net have merged their
webserver products, Sioux and Stronghold. "This gives us a chance to
focus more of our energy on our certificate business," said Mark
Shuttleworth of Thawte Consulting. "By doing this, our two companies
will be better able to compete in both the web server and certificate-
issuing markets." Existing Sioux customers will be able to upgrade to the new version
of Stronghold for $95.
Upgrade Policy
Starting today, users who purchase Stronghold will be guaranteed a free upgrade to 2.0 when it gets out of beta testing. Other existing
Stronghold users will probably need to pay a $95 upgrade fee, depending on when  they purchased the product.
Stronghold is developed outside of the United States, and is distributed within the US and Canada by C2Net ( and in the rest of the world by UK Web (
All versions of the product use uncompromised, full-strength C2Net (previously known as Community ConneXion, Inc.) is the leading
provider of uncompromising security on the Internet. In addition to
Stronghold ( C2Net also markets SafePassage
Web Proxy ( a product that
allows users of popular web browsers to use full-strength cryptography
UK Web Limited is a leading Internet services company specialising in server technology, Internet security, business solutions and effective site design. They are the international distributors for both Stronghold and SafePassage products.
Portions of Stronghold were developed by the Apache Group, and were taken with permission from the Apache Server  Stronghold
also includes software developed by Eric Young (eay at mincom.oz.au).
C2Net: Douglas Barnes, +1 510 986 8770, cman at c2.net
UK Web: Dave Williams, +44 0113 222 0046, dwilliams at ukweb.com
Thawte Consulting: Mark Shuttleworth, +27 21 975 4675, marks at thawte.com
== Security
In Stronghold 2.0b1 we've upgraded to the latest SSL and cryptography
library, with a number of performance improvements, particularly in
the DES implementation.
The security/SSL architecture in Stronghold has been rewritten to take
advantage of the Sioux source code base and the various features in
SSL client authentication has been improved. Regular expression-based
matching of client certificate information to determine access control
is possible. Stronghold now has an API for certificate to username
mapping so that client certificates may be mapped to standard
Session ID caching is now more robust. The sessiond is no longer
needed, because the session ID cache is within the same address space
as the server processes.
== Ease of Use
The Stronghold documentation has been revised and improved greatly
since the last release. The 2.0b1 documentation is now three hundred
pages long and will grow to include more extensive documentation for
the final release. The documentation is available in both PostScript
and HTML formats.
The server has more command line options which provide information
about the server. In particular, you can get a list of all the modules
in the server or a full listing of all configuration directives that
are supported by that binary.
Compiling the server to add/remove new modules is also much
easier. The Configure script automatically detects which operating
system the server is running on and sets the compilation flags
Stronghold is now easier to install, with more verbose text during the
Stronghold now comes with binaries for a number of useful management
utilities, such as htpasswd, htdigest, and dbmmanage.
== Functionality
Stronghold is now compliant with HTTP/1.1, the latest in web protocol
technology. Stronghold is the first commercial webserver to support
Stronghold 2.0b1 includes the lastest beta version of Apache (1.2b2),
which includes a number of improvements, in addition to a large number
of bugfixes.
The server status page has been improved include additional
information, including virtual hosts and client side certificates. The
status page is also much more readable.
Stronghold has a more fully-functional server-side includes mechanism,
including the "eXtended Server Side Includes" SSI format.
Stronghold provides server admins the ability to easily setup
cookie-based user tracking so the admin can see what path through
their site the users have been taking.
It is now possible to restart the server and reload the configuration
files without interrupting connections which are currently in
Stronghold is now compatible with the NCSA "Satisfy" directive for
access control.
CGI scripts are now "unbuffered". By unbuffering the CGI scripts it is
possible to do things using normal CGI that were previously only
possible using "nph".
More information is available to ErrorDocument handlers about the
cause of the error via the use of the ERROR_MSG environment variable.
== New Bundled Modules
Stronghold now bundles PHP, a very powerful language for dynamic
content and database connectivity. PHP provides for database
connectivity to mSQL, Postgres95, Solid, and mysql servers. Using PHP,
Stronghold can now generate web pages on the fly using a very powerful
C-like language for processing forms input, database queries, etc.
Stronghold now bundles with SWISH/WWWWAIS search engine for indexing
and searching through web sites.
Stronghold now comes with the proxy module enable by default. The
proxy module has also been significantly improved since the previous
A full-featured URI rewriting language that allows server
administrators to define rules for transforming URIs.
Support for the DigiCash ecash protocol is now built into the
server. Using this module it is possible to set up an ecash-accepting
shop on the Internet without an actual account with an ecash-issuing
== Configurability
It is now possible with Stronghold to configure the server such that
user's CGI scripts are run under their own UID, with their own
permissions, instead of the UID of the server, with the same
permissions as the rest of the server or other CGI programs run by
other users.
Many directives now support regular expressions, so configuration
options can be set based on regular expression matching criteria.
The new  container allows server adminstrators to set
configuration options on a much finer basis, down to individual files
in directories.
Server administrators can now set environment variables based on which
web browser the client is using. These environment variables can be
used to deliver different web pages, or work around bugs in various
different browsers.
Configurable logging is now the default, and has been enhanced. It is
now possible to create a number of different logfiles each with their
own configurable logging format.
It is also now possible to setup a virtual host which listens to more
than one IP number, or more than one port.
It is easier in Stronghold 2.0b1 to debug CGI scripts. The server
administrator or CGI author can configure logfiles where CGI error
messages and diagnostic information get stored.
The entire server can protect itself from runaway CGI scripts by
configuring in the resource limits for CGI that are now available in
Server redirects are more configurable. The client can now be told
whether or not a redirect is temporary, permanent, or if the requested
object is completely gone.
The "Options" directive is much more configurable. It's possible now
using the "Options" directive to add and remove options from the
current set of "Options" merely by prepending a '-' or '+' to the
option name.
There is now a configuration directive to set and remove HTTP
headers. Using this directive various directories or various files can
have custom headers attached if the server administrator wants to
easily support some of the many HTTP extensions.
The configuration file can include directives which are turned on or
off conditionally depending on whether or not certain modules are
compiled into the server.

@_date: 1996-12-20 14:17:47
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: C2Net Party: January 24th 
Take Oak Street East.
        Turn left on Laguna.
        Turn right on Fell.
        Fell crosses Market and becomes 10th Street.
        Merge left within one block of Market.
        Turn left on Mission.
        Take Hwy 80 West across the Bay Bridge.
        Take the first exit on the left (Harrison Street exit)
        Turn left on Harrison.
        Turn right on 3rd Street.
        Turn right on Mission.
        Take Hwy 280 North.
        Follow 280 to its end at 4th & King Streets.
        Follow King Street to its end at 3rd Street.
        Turn left on 3rd.
        Turn right on Mission.

@_date: 1996-12-29 16:28:39
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Internal Passports 
security card. (I showed my"current employer" my SS card because I
kept forgetting to bring my poassport in to work. What an odd concept,
proving to my employer that I had a right to wrk in the
US... apparently the law is that you have a $10k fine if you *dont
have the paperwork* -- it doen't matter if all your employees are

@_date: 1996-12-29 22:03:57
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Export proposal 
scanned printed texts" isn't far away. (Rebecca Vesely's Wired News
article)

@_date: 1996-12-30 10:48:07
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Export proposal 
or 99. This gives us a little over a year to make crypto ubiquitous.
That's not much time.

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:56:55
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: US versions of Netscape now available 
actually be able to connect to my webserver using real encryption.
Glad the lawyers don't think Barksdale is going to jail anymore.

@_date: 1996-07-18 02:38:06
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION ANNOUNCES STRONGHOLD VERSION 1.2 
For Immediate Release - July 16, 1996
Contact: Sameer Parekh 510-986-8770
Oakland, CA - Community ConneXion, Inc., the leader in uncompromising
security for the World Wide Web, today announced the release of its
newest version of Stronghold: Apache-SSL for the US. Stronghold is a
webserver based on the popular Apache server, which has the highest
marketshare of all webservers on the Internet according to the
Netcraft server survey at Stronghold's marketshare has more than doubled every month since its
release in January of this year.
"[The competition]'s secure servers just didn't work the way we wanted
them to; the interface was clunky and required firewall adjustments to
run, the access control didn't work well for us, and it was just too
black-boxey for us," commented Dan Kearns, of the Motorola ISG
Internet Business Group. "We like the lean/mean-ness of Apache in
general, and the actual useful development that goes on. We look
forward to generating client certificates for our channel partners
using the bundled internal certificate authority tools."
"We have been working with Community ConneXion for over a year to
enable our Digital IDs in their Stronghold server products," said Greg
Smirin, Product Line Manager at VeriSign, Inc. "We look forward to
using their new version of Stronghold to demonstrate client
certification on our own website." VeriSign is the leading provider of
digital authentication services and products for electronic commerce
and other forms of secure communications.
"Stronghold is the first widely used web server that can authenticate
clients on the basis of their digital certificates," said Dr. Andrew
Csinger, President of Xcert Software, Inc.  "Stronghold is a natural
server platform for Xcert's Sentry suite of security enhancement
products.  The combination of Stronghold's uncompromising security
profile and Xcert's flexible certificate management and secure
database technology represents great value and convenience for
Internet users."
Xcert and C2 have entered into a co-marketing agreement to provide
easy access to the Stronghold/Sentry bundle.  The Stronghold/Sentry
combination puts organizations of any size in control of their own
security, allowing them to cost-effectively implement secure Intranets
based on public key certificates.
Xcert Software, Inc. is the premier provider of security enhancement
software for safe and secure commercial Internet applications.
Xcert's Sentry product line is the first cross-platform,
server-independent public key infrastructure implementation.  A live
demonstration using the Stronghold webserver has been available on the
company's website since April 1996 (
Because it is based on Apache, Stronghold can be used with the
innummerable third party CGI and Apache API applications which have
been developed for Apache, including perl & python integration,
database connectivity, and Kerberos support. "Direct support within
the server for scripting languages can produce an excellent
performance improvement over standard CGI methods," said Sameer
Parekh, President of Community ConneXion, Inc.
Community ConneXion ships binaries for Sparc Solaris 2.5, x86 Solaris
2.5, Sparc SunOS 4.1.3_U1, DG/UX, FreeBSD 2.1, BSDI 1.1, AIX 3.2.5,
IRIX 5.3, HP/UX (9 & 10), OSF/1, UnixWare, Ultrix, BSDI 2.0, and Linux
(ELF & a.out). Additional platforms may be supported on request.
Stronghold may be ordered and downloaded at Portions developed by the Apache Group, taken with permission from the
Apache Server   This product includes software
developed by Ben Laurie for use in the Apache-SSL HTTP server project.
This product includes software developed by Eric Young
(eay at mincom.oz.au).

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:10:30
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
to the following addresses:
dyno at cyberspace.com
barer at cyberspace.com
abuse at mci.net
enforcement at sec.gov

@_date: 1996-07-18 13:53:52
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: recent spam: government home-business 
cypherpunks. The spam came from interramp:
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
{0} infinity:mail/lists 10:05am [10] > whois interramp-dom
PSINet, Inc (INTERRAMP-DOM)
   510 Huntmar Park Drive
   Herndon, VA 22070
   USA
   Domain Name: INTERRAMP.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Administration, PSINet Domain  (PDA4)  psinet-domain-admin at PSI.COM
      (703) 904-4100
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Network Information and Support Center  (PSI-NISC)  hostinfo at psi.com
      (518) 283-8860
   Billing Contact:
      Andrews, Ken  (KA16)  domain-fee-contact at PSI.COM
      703-904-4100
   Record last updated on 22-Feb-96.
   Record created on 14-Apr-94.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.PSI.NET                   192.33.4.10
   NS2.PSI.NET                  38.8.50.2
   INTERRAMP.COM                38.8.17.2
The InterNIC Registration Services Host contains ONLY Inte

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:38:25
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Netscape download requirements 
work address when I downloaded the us netscape. Give them some number
that isn't private.
export-controlled download in the past, and now they are doing
it. they deserve to be congratulated. They're doing good things for
the state of security on the net.

@_date: 1996-07-22 12:08:52
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Borders *are* transparent 
talk about Apache-SSL, which is also available without export
restrictions from the UK. Perhaps because he knows that Apache-SSL is
an incredibly superior product to Netscape's servers..

@_date: 1996-11-05 23:13:09
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: WinSock Remailer Down 
way to go. It offloads the remailing work from the mail server, so
that anyone with a PC can have direct contorl over the remailer's most
intensive resources without making their ISPs mail server overloaded
or settingup a fulltime net site.

@_date: 1996-11-25 12:12:04
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: SAFEPASSAGE BRINGS STRONG CRYPTO TO WEB BROWSERS WORLDWIDE 
For Release November 25, 1996
C2Net Contact: Douglas Barnes, +1 510 986 8770
UK Web Contact: Dave Williams, +44 0113 222 0046       SAFEPASSAGE BRINGS STRONG CRYPTO TO WEB BROWSERS WORLDWIDE
Oakland, CA -- C2Net and UK Web, Ltd., announced today the beta
release of a new product, "SafePassage Web Proxy." International users
of popular web browsers such as Netscape or Microsoft Internet
Explorer can use SafePassage to make secure web connections using
full-strength cryptography.  Prior to this release, international
users of these browsers had to use weak cryptography, which could be
easily broken.
"SafePassage is the perfect complement to our Stronghold web server,"
said Mark Cox, Stronghold Product Manager for UK Web. "we've been
marketing the international version of Stronghold with full strength
cryptography for two months now, but we knew we would need matching
strong cryptography on the browser side as well. SafePassage Web Proxy
answers this need."
SafePassage provides secure connections using strong cryptography for
any browser that supports standard SSL tunneling. It currently runs on
Windows 3.1 and Windows 95.
"We don't believe in using codes so weak that foreign governments,
criminals or bored college students can break them," said C2Net
President Sameer Parekh, "we also oppose plans to put all your
cryptography keys in a few places, where they can be sold to the
highest bidder by traitors like Aldrich Ames, or recent suspect Harold
J. Nicholson."
Current "export" versions of Netscape and MSIE use a weak cipher that
has been broken by online groups, such as the "Cypherpunks." Companies
like HP and IBM, bowing to government pressure, have been promoting
seemingly innocuous "key recovery" plans that would require
centralized key storage and easy government access to -- or abuse of

@_date: 1996-11-26 15:54:14
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: SAFEPASSAGE BRINGS STRONG CRYPTO TO WEB BROWSERS WORLDWIDE 
as language in dialog boxes, using periods instead of commas, in
numbers, etc.
software with hooks, that's illegal.

@_date: 1996-10-14 11:19:16
@_author: sameer at c2.net 
@_subject: COMMUNITY CONNEXION SUED IN FRIVOLOUS LAWSUIT 
For release: October 14, 1996
Contact: Sameer Parekh 510-986-8770
Oakland, CA - Community ConneXion, Inc, dba C2Net, condemns the
lawsuit served by Adobe Systems, Inc., Claris Corporation, and
Traveling Software, Inc. as a frivolous lawsuit. "As near as we can
tell," said C2Net President Sameer Parekh, "we are being sued for
being an Internet Service Provider." C2Net is an ISP, providing shell accounts and web hosting
services. But the company is primarily a software vendor, selling
Stronghold, one of the most popular secure web servers on the
market. "We were looking into joining the Software Publisher's
Association, who filed the suit on behalf of the plaintiffs," said
Parekh, "but it's not very likely to happen at this point."
The lawsuit appears to charge C2Net with liability based upon
allegations that C2Net's customers provide links to pirated software
on other machines and "cracker tools" that allow users to beat
copy-protection mechanisms like software serial numbers.
"It's completely outrageous that the SPA has nothing better to do
than to file frivolous lawsuits against hard-working Internet Service
Providers," said Parekh. "We are not aware of any such links on our
pages or our customer's pages, and if our customers are breaking any
laws, we want to know about it so we can terminate their accounts."
(The lawsuit provides no specific examples.) The lawsuit was apparently filed after a single attempt to contact the
company with a form-letter e-mail. The copy of the alleged e-mail
included as an attachment to the suit shows the SPA's real
motive. "They want us to sign a 'Code of Conduct'," said
Parekh. "Among other things, we'd have to agree to routinely monitor
our customer's web pages, which we won't do. We deal with complaints
about our customers on a case by case basis, and we have a firm and
clear policy against illegal activity of any sort. We've shut down
accounts for less than what they're alleging in this lawsuit."
"This is clearly a frivolous lawsuit," said Terry Gross, counsel for
C2Net. "The plaintiffs know that an ISP can only be liable if it participates in and has knowledge of the improper activity, and it is clear that they have no such basis."
Although the lawsuit does not mention the "Code of Conduct", it
appears that most ISPs who received the e-mail ended up signing it,
largely to avoid legal action from the much-feared SPA. Those that
didn't kowtow got sued.
"The terms of the 'Code of Conduct' are completely unacceptable," said
Parekh. "It basically gives the SPA the right to go on an ongoing
fishing expedition through our customer's files, and requires us to do
the same as their agent on a regular basis.  The Code would classify
us as 'publishers', and we would become responsible for everything our
customers do. We've built this business on a solid foundation of
respect for our customer's privacy. Monitoring their activities
without grounds for suspicion is completely inconsistent with
maintaining their privacy."
"This lawsuit is grossly unfair, and it's going to cost us a lot of
time and money, but we don't have any choice but to fight it," said
Parekh. "What we have here is three giant software companies and their
well-funded bag of lawyers trying to bully a smaller software company
into adopting costly policies that invade customers' privacy."
A coalition is currently being formed to fight this case and make sure
that this form of legal terrorism does not occur in the future against
internet providers. The coalition will probably include the three companies
that have been served in the suit and other organizations with a stake
in creating a rational legal enviroment for ISPs and their customers.
C2Net provides high-security encryption solutions for the Internet
worldwide.  More information about C2Net's products are available at
 Information about the forming coalition
may be found at

@_date: 1996-10-24 12:34:34
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: LAWSUIT DROPPED; SPA STILL DEMANDS MONITORING 
For Release October 24, 1996
Contact: Sameer Parekh 510-986-8770
Oakland, CA - In an ongoing attempt to force Internet Service
Providers (ISPs) to monitor their customers' web pages, the Software
Publisher's Association (SPA), acting on behalf of three member
software companies, dropped a lawsuit against Community ConneXion,
Inc., dba C2Net, but reserved the right to bring the suit again if
C2Net failed to adopt a policy of monitoring their users' web pages
for copyright infringement.
The three plaintiffs, Adobe Systems, Inc., Claris Corporation, and
Traveling Software, Inc., seemed surprised to find that they had filed
the lawsuit, and sought to distance themselves from the action. For
instance, Adobe's PR department maintained that Adobe has definitely
not filed any such lawsuiT. (Contact Carol Sacks -- (408) 536-4033)
C2Net, a small, Oakland-based ISP and software company, has always
forbidden illegal activity on its servers. This includes copyright
infringement and contributory copyright infringement.  "We're very
aware of the problems that software companies face from piracy; most
of our revenue comes from software and we have our own problems with
people pirating our software," said C2Net President Sameer Parekh. "I
just don't think that bullying hard-working ISPs into embracing a
highly questionable set of policies does anything constructive about
the problem of piracy."
The Software Publishers Association wants ISPs to sign a 'Code of
Conduct' which would force ISPs to actively monitor users.  Under
current case law, this greatly increases the ISP's liability, in
addition to being extremely expensive, time-consuming, and distasteful
to users.
"The telephone company isn't required to monitor all their users to
make sure they're not saying illegal things," said Parekh. "How can we
be expected to do that for our customers' use of the Internet?"
Of the over twenty ISPs contacted by the SPA, many caved in and signed
the 'Code of Conduct', fearing a lawsuit from the SPA more than the
future expense and liability problems that result from ongoing
monitoring. A coalition of ISPs and other concerned parties, the ISP
Defense Coalition, has formed to oppose these bullying tactics by the
"The SPA thought they could bully small ISPs, but they didn't realize we had principles and couldn't be cowed," said Parekh.
Mike Godwin, Staff Counsel for the Electronic Frontier Foundation
said, "My personal view is that the Software Publishers Association
has forgotten that it is the legislature, not the courts, that is the
primary avenue for seeking changes in copyright policy.  What we see
here is a perversion of the notion that the courts should be used to
seek justice -- SPA seems to have picked defendants in the hope that
they'd be too weak to resist. I find that decision morally
objectionable. Speaking as a lawyer, I have to say that this is the
kind of tactic that justifiably confirms in people's minds whatever
low opinions they may have of lawyers."
The suit alleged that C2Net users were providing tools to get around
copy protection in the plaintiffs' software, and were providing
pointers to other sites that actually contained pirated software. The
SPA provided no examples, and did not allege any direct copyright
infringement on C2Net machines.
"Despite our best efforts to get specific information," said Parekh,
"the SPA did not provide us with any specifics about our customers
engaging in infringing activity. We suspect that they had no evidence
of infringement, but acted merely on vague reports of questionable
conduct on the part of a few users."
C2Net provides high-security encryption solutions for the Internet
worldwide.  More information about C2Net's products are available at
 Information about the forming coalition
may be found at

@_date: 1996-10-30 17:19:59
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: silly putty 
friend of mine would be grateful if I could help him get rid of 50
pounds of silly putty. It would be $500.

@_date: 1996-09-21 09:45:17
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: C2NET AND UK WEB OFFER UNCRIPPLED SECURITY SOFTWARE TO WEB USERS IN ALL COUNTRIES 
For Release Sept. 20, 1996
C2Net: Sandy Sandfort +1 510-986-8770
UK Web: Dave Williams +44 0113 222 0046
C2NET AND UK WEB OFFER UNCRIPPLED SECURITY
SOFTWARE TO WEB USERS IN ALL COUNTRIES LEEDS - Today, UK Web Ltd. and C2Net (Community ConneXion, Inc.) announced the worldwide availability of Stronghold security software for the World Wide Web. Stronghold is a commercial version of Apache, a powerful and popular server software package for the Internet.  Stronghold uses "Secure Sockets Layer" (SSL), a cryptographically strong protocol to protect credit card numbers and other sensitive information from Internet eavesdroppers. Stronghold also comes with a full range of "certificate authority" tools, documentation, easy installation, and technical support.
Export versions of other Web servers, such as the Netscape Enterprise and Microsoft Internet Information Server have intentionally crippled encryption security. Stronghold uses uncompromised strong encryption world-wide. This is possible because it was written using software developed outside the US. Stronghold uses the full power of 128-bit symmetric encryption for maximum security. (Competing servers exported from the US use only 40-bit, low-level security). Stronghold is fully compatible with all secure browsers, including Netscape Navigator and Microsoft and Internet Explorer.
"Stronghold is based on the most powerful Web server and the most secure Internet encryption," says Mark Cox, Stronghold product manager.  "Users of Stronghold can be sure that their commercial transactions are completely private and secure."
Dave Williams, Managing Director of UK Web, adds "Stronghold has already proved very popular in the US and Canada, where it has been available nearly a year. UK Web will now be selling Stronghold exclusively outside the US and Canada, giving the rest of the world the first opportunity to buy this top-rated product. We think it will be very popular."
UK Web is a leading authority on the Apache web server. They are committed to information-sharing and openness. They also offers commercial support for Apache. UK Web publishes a weekly newsletter called "Apache Week" which is available free of charge on the Internet.  The Apache Week Web site can be found at "In the past year the demand for an international version of Stronghold has been steadily increasing," said Sameer Parekh, President of C2Net, "but we've never been willing to give our customers a false sense of security by shipping a defective product. We're very glad UK Web can satisfy the need for an international version of Stronghold."" International Stronghold costs 329 pounds, which includes free minor upgrades. It is free for non-commercial use by educational and not-for-profit organisations. Full server source code is provided as well as the pre-compiled server. It is available the most commonly used Unix platforms, including Linux, SunOS 4, Solaris 2, IRIX and AIX. The server is based on the popular Apache module API, which gives access to a wide range of third-party server add-on "modules", most available for free. Within the United States and Canada Stronghold is available from C2Net. (See Full details of International Stronghold are available on the UK Web's web site, at  The software is available for free download and evaluation.
UK Web Limited is a leading Internet services company specialising in server technology, Internet security, business solutions and effective site design.
C2Net (also known as Community ConneXion, Inc.) is the leading provider of uncompromising security on the Internet. C2Net provides a wide array of Internet privacy services and powerful network security software.
Portions of Stronghold were developed by the Apache Group, and were taken with permission from the Apache Server   This product includes software developed by Ben Laurie for use in the Apache-SSL HTTP server project. This product includes software developed by Eric Young (eay at mincom.oz.au).
Netscape Navigator and Netscape Enterprise are trademarks of Netscape Communications Corporation. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Microsoft Internet Information Server are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.  Stronghold is a trademark of Community ConneXion, Inc.

@_date: 1996-09-24 11:03:15
@_author: sameer at c2.net 
@_subject: We removed radikal 154 from xs4all :( 
available all over the world, at almost 50 mirror sites, I beleive
(including  which are *not* blocked by

@_date: 1997-04-14 12:43:14
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
[. . .]
associate of mine discovered some prioprietary Netscape information
from the Referer: headers on hits to his website from Netscape
employees, even.
turn off referers.

@_date: 1997-01-07 10:08:47
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: The Upcoming DES Challenge 
the effort people went through. People are using DES to protect things
*much* more valuable than $10k."

@_date: 1997-01-07 15:42:06
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: The Upcoming DES Challenge 
fixed limits and require physical presence to exploit. Try
swift/forex/etc. secret des keys.. those are valuable.

@_date: 1997-01-08 18:03:52
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: REMINDER: C2Net Party: January 24th 
Take Oak Street East.
        Turn left on Laguna.
        Turn right on Fell.
        Fell crosses Market and becomes 10th Street.
        Merge left within one block of Market.
        Turn left on Mission.
        Take Hwy 80 West across the Bay Bridge.
        Take the first exit on the left (Harrison Street exit)
        Turn left on Harrison.
        Turn right on 3rd Street.
        Turn right on Mission.
        Take Hwy 280 North.
        Follow 280 to its end at 4th & King Streets.
        Follow King Street to its end at 3rd Street.
        Turn left on 3rd.
        Turn right on Mission.

@_date: 1997-01-29 15:29:19
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
talk at the RSA conference was such a load of bullshit it wasn't even
allowance. They said it was going to undermine their national

@_date: 1997-01-29 15:43:25
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Cats Out of Bags 
talk at the RSA conference was such a load of bullshit it wasn't even
allowance. They said it was going to undermine their national

@_date: 1997-06-19 10:07:42
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: HACKERS SMASH U.S. GOVERNMENT ENCRYPTION STANDARD 
C2Net Software, Inc.
1212 Broadway
Oakland, CA 94612
For Immediate Release
Oakland, California (June 18, 1997)-The 56-bit DES encryption
standard, long claimed "adequate" by the U.S. Government, was
shattered yesterday using an ordinary Pentium personal computer
operated by Michael K. Sanders, an employee of iNetZ, a Salt Lake
City, Utah-based online commerce provider. Sanders was part of a
loosely organized group of computer users responding to the "RSA
$10,000 DES Challenge." The code-breaking group distributed computer
software over the Internet for harnessing idle moments of computers
around the world to perform a 'brute force' attack on the encrypted
"That DES can be broken so quickly should send a chill through the
heart of anyone relying on it for secure communications," said Sameer
Parekh, one of the group's participants and president of C2Net
Software, an Internet encryption provider headquartered in Oakland,
California ( "Unfortunately, most people today
using the Internet assume the browser software is performing secure
communications when an image of a lock or a key appears on the
screen. Obviously, that is not true when the encryption scheme is
56-bit DES," he said.
INetZ vice president Jon Gay said "We hope that this will encourage
people to demand the highest available encryption security, such as
the 128-bit security provided by C2Net's Stronghold product, rather
than the weak 56-bit ciphers used in many other platforms."
Many browser programs have been crippled to use an even weaker, 40-bit
cipher, because that is the maximum encryption level the
U.S. government has approved for export. "People located within the US
can obtain more secure browser software, but that usually involves
submitting an affidavit of eligibility, which many people have not
done," said Parekh. "Strong encryption is not allowed to be exported
from the U.S., making it harder for people and businesses in
international locations to communicate securely," he explained.
According to computer security expert Ian Goldberg, "This effort
emphasizes that security systems based on 56-bit DES or
"export-quality" cryptography are out-of-date, and should be phased
out. Certainly no new systems should be designed with such weak
encryption.'' Goldberg is a member of the University of California at
Berkeley's ISAAC group, which discovered a serious security flaw in
the popular Netscape Navigator web browser software.
The 56-bit DES cipher was broken in 5 months, significantly faster
than the hundreds of years thought to be required when DES was adopted
as a national standard in 1977. The weakness of DES can be traced to
its "key length," the number of binary digits (or "bits") used in its
encryption algorithm. "Export grade" 40-bit encryption schemes can be
broken in less than an hour, presenting serious security risks for
companies seeking to protect sensitive information, especially those
whose competitors might receive code-breaking assistance from foreign
According to Parekh, today's common desktop computers are tremendously
more powerful than any computer that existed when DES was
created. "Using inexpensive (under $1000) computers, the group was
able to crack DES in a very short time," he noted. "Anyone with the
resources and motivation to employ modern "massively parallel"
supercomputers for the task can break 56-bit DES ciphers even faster,
and those types of advanced technologies will soon be present in
common desktop systems, providing the keys to DES to virtually
everyone in just a few more years."
56-bit DES uses a 56-bit key, but most security experts today consider
a minimum key length of 128 bits to be necessary for secure
encryption. Mathematically, breaking a 56-bit cipher requires just
65,000 times more work than breaking a 40-bit cipher. Breaking a
128-bit cipher requires 4.7 trillion billion times as much work as one
using 56 bits, providing considerable protection against brute-force
attacks and technical progress.
C2Net is the leading worldwide provider of uncompromised Internet
security software. C2Net's encryption products are developed entirely
outside the United States, allowing the firm to offer full-strength
cryptography solutions for international communications and
commerce. "Our products offer the highest levels of security available
today. We refuse to sell weak products that might provide a false
sense of security and create easy targets for foreign governments,
criminals, and bored college students," said Parekh. "We also oppose
so-called "key escrow" plans that would put everyone's cryptography
keys in a few centralized locations where they can be stolen and sold
to the highest bidder," he added. C2Net's products include the
Stronghold secure web server and SafePassage Web Proxy, an enhancement
that adds full-strength encryption to any security-crippled "export
grade" web browser software.
# # #
Pentium is a registered trademark of Intel Corporation.
Netscape and Netscape Navigator are registered trademarks of Netscape
Communications Corporation
Stronghold and SafePassage are trademarks of C2Net Software, Inc.

@_date: 1997-05-02 01:07:03
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
development industry. The export controls have hampered access to the
products they need, but it has not eliminated said access.
cryptography illegal. It's a good thing Anguilla looks like a
relatively reasonable place to live, with people like you "on our

@_date: 1997-05-02 02:42:00
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Disaster--"Use a cipher, go to prison" 
the US, and all sales to customers outside the US happen from outside
the US. As far as operating from Anguilla -- it would require
renouncing my US citizenship, yes.

@_date: 1997-05-05 00:57:12
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Full Strength Stronghold 2.0 Released Worldwide 
For Release May 5, 1997
C2Net Software: Douglas Barnes +1 510 986 8770
UK Web: Dave Williams +44 113 222 0046      C2Net President Sameer Parekh Rejects Weak Keys, Back Doors
Oakland, CA - C2Net Software, Inc. annouced today the worldwide
availability of Stronghold 2.0, a major upgrade to their secure web
server based on Apache. With this release, Stronghold has added more
functionality than ever, including uncompromised security, web-based
configuration, and new protocol support.
"The Stronghold web server -- like all C2Net products -- supports
full-sized keys, and will never support government back doors," said
C2Net president Sameer Parekh. "We have development teams around the
globe working on our products, free from US export control
policy. Even if some of these countries cave in to US demands, we'll
still be able to produce first-rate, uncompromised security products."
Others Use Compromised Security
In a recent announcement, Netscape Communications announced plans to
include government back doors in their products. "By implementing this
so-called 'key recovery', Netscape is getting a small increase in key
length in exchange for putting your keys in the hands of the
government," said Parekh. "This the same government that hired Aldrich
Ames, the same goverment that has IRS employees surfing taxpayer
databases at will. What do you think is going to happen to your keys?"
According to cryptography expert Bruce Schneier, "There is absolutely
no business case for key recovery. Any benefit you get from longer key
lengths is offset by the enormous security risk of concentrating keys
in a few hands."
Current "export" versions of Netscape and Microsoft web servers use a
weak 40-bit cipher that can be broken in hours by any bored systems
administrator or college student with access to a few hundred idle
machines. By comparison, all C2Net software can use at least 128-bit
To understand this difference, imagine that the hundreds of computers
needed to crack a 40 bit key in a few hours were compressed into a
cube an inch on a side, and you built a computer the size of the Earth
out of these cubes, it would still take this computer more than four
times as long to crack a 128 bit key. It's easy to find a few hundred
computers idle at any medium-sized business or university; Earth-sized
computers are still relatively uncommon.
Stronghold Gaining Market Share
In several recent surveys, Stronghold has emerged as a leading
contender in the web server market. An O'Reilly and
Associates/Netcraft survey of secure web servers in use on the
Internet found that Stronghold was second only to Netscape. The
monthly Netcraft survey of all web servers on the Internet has
indicated for some time that Stronghold is also the second most
popular commercial web server for the Unix platform.
"We've been steadily gaining market share," indicated Parekh, "and to
a great extent it's due to our firm stand that we won't sell
deliberately weakened security products to our customers."
Features in Stronghold 2.0
"We've redesigned the security interfaces and built on the new Apache
1.2 code base," commented Mark Cox, Stronghold product manager at UK
Web. "Stronghold has had many productivity and performance
enhancements and it is now fully compliant with the new HTTP/1.1
standard." The HTTP/1.1 standard is a significant update to HTTP/1.0,
the protocol that governs how web browsers and web servers
HTTP/1.1 brings many new features to the table, including improved
content and language negotiation, improved persistent connections, and
better recovery from interrupted transfers. (For more information on
HTTP/1.1, see Stronghold 2.0 also includes a web-based configuration manager,
allowing web administrators to securely administer their sites from
the web browser of their choice. "We've had a lot of requests for this
feature as Stronghold has grown in popularity," said Douglas Barnes,
C2Net Vice President.
On the security front, the new release includes support for Secure
Sockets Layer (SSL) version 3, which provides stronger security and
more flexibility in choosing ciphers.
UK Web Limited is a leading Internet services company specialising in
server technology, Internet security, business solutions and effective
site design.
C2Net is the leading worldwide provider of uncompromised network
security software.
Netscape Navigator and Netscape Enterprise are trademarks of Netscape
Communications Corporation. Microsoft Internet Explorer and Microsoft
Internet Information Server are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.
Stronghold and SafePassage are trademarks of C2Net Software, Inc.
Portions of Stronghold were developed by the Apache Group, and were
taken with permission from the Apache Server Stronghold also includes software developed by Eric Young
(eay at cryptsoft.com).

@_date: 1997-09-10 13:33:21
@_author: sameer 
@_subject: Government shows its hand...good news! 
subject to review but the law can still be subject to review.
