
@_date: 1994-04-09 23:06:08
@_author: Senator Bedfellow 
@_subject: CPSR petition to oppose Clipper 
Does anyone know how many signatures this eventually got?
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-10 11:40:52
@_author: Senator Bedfellow 
@_subject: Export Restrictions of Crypto 
Does anyone have the cite for the restrictions on the export of crypto,
where crypto is classified as munitions for export purposes?
I know ITAR says absolutely nothing about crypto, so its a US goverment
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-11 13:43:10
@_author: Llewyln 
@_subject: your mail 
Hey now! Don't let this skew your view of our fine institution.  Some of
us KNOW how to use the mailserver software.
Harumph, just had to stick up for the clued in of us.
Yale College '96
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-16 14:11:00
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: anti-clipper autobomber 
to s$
Sounds a bit like Serdar's scheme.
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-17 13:51:09
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
Ok, now let me get this straight.  The police who are supposed to 'serve
and protect' weren't willing to go in there to protect their
constituents because it was too dangerous, but in the same breath they
want to remove these people's ability to protect themselves.
Just wanted to make sure.
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-24 14:06:58
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Warrentlesss SEarches 
Ok, Let me respond
1)I live in this kind of neighborhood at home when I'm not at school.  That's
right, I live in West Oakland, California.  I was born and raised in the inner
city.  Don't tell me how these places are, don't tell me how they're run, don't
tell me how dangerous they are.  I've lived it.  Have you?  All you know is what
you see on the news, on the television shows, and what is portrayed in mass media.
2)I know the value of a gun in this environment.  I know how many times our home
has been kept safe because my father has been willing to wield a gun against
either intruders or against 'undersireable' characters coming around(read drug
dealers, crack heads, you name it).  Our part of the block has a reputation for
not being somewhere for these pepole to hang out because my father and our
neighbors have taken a stand against such scum.
3)Not everyone who lives in these neighborhoods is bad simply as a result of
their economic conditions.  We don't want these people around any more than you
people do in your neighborhoods.  It just happens, and I know this for a fact,
that it takes Oakland Police(OPD) a lot longer to respond when we call them,
than when people in Skyline(a rich white neighborhood) call them.  4)My family has not broken any law simply by trying to protect ourselves.  There
is no way in hell that the police can be everywhere at once, even if they are as
efficient as you in the 'burbs seem to think they are, keeping out and harassing
all the minorties that come your way.  Until they get there, the only way we can
protect ourselves is with our guns.  We havne't broken any laws, we're not the
ones who have severed our contract with society by choosing to live outside of
it, its not us, its the people who prey upon us in our homes and in our schools,
and it is not us who should lose our rights, but them.  By simply lumping us in
with them by sheer virtue of where we live and how much we earn is not only
sheer folly but is also classist.
5)Yes we worry about the rights of the accused.  I do.  I've been arrested and
harassed when the only crime that I committed was being in the wrong place at
the wrong time, and not having the right skin color.  Yes, I worry about those
rights, because for me, it might be that one day, that it is I who is on trial,
it is I whose rights are being questioned, and it is I who wants my day in
court, and unless we protect the rights of the accused, even if they don't look
like us, it reaps a beneficial result to society as a whole.  Thomas More in the
movie _Man for All Seasons_ makes an excellent point when he asks young Will, if
he would cut down all the laws in England to catch the devil.  When Will
responds in the affirmative, More asks him, "And what would you do when the
winds rage about you?"
You see, if you don't protect the rights of the accused today, there might come
a day when you're in their shoes and you'll wish that you still had those
rights--remember the 5th amendment?  The 4th's prohibitions against unreasonable
seach and siezures?  What about the 14th's due process clause?  It is the rule
of law, not of decree that makes this nation great, and there's no way in hell,
I'm going to sit idly by and watch this nation become an autocracy simply
because some people in suburbia decided that it would be easier to do away with
the rights of the accused in their racist, xenophobic fears. Any comments?

@_date: 1994-04-24 14:23:41
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Warrentlesss SEarches (fwd) 
Sorry about resubmitting it y'all but I discovered the line feeds were
wierd so I just re-formatted it.
Ok, Let me respond
1)I live in this kind of neighborhood at home when I'm not at school. That's right, I live in West Oakland, California.  I was born and raised
in the inner city.  Don't tell me how these places are, don't tell me how
they're run, don't tell me how dangerous they are.  I've lived it.  Have
you?  All you know is what you see on the news, on the television shows,
and what is portrayed in mass media. 2)I know the value of a gun in this environment.  I know how many times
our home has been kept safe because my father has been willing to wield a
gun against either intruders or against 'undersireable' characters coming
around(read drug dealers, crack heads, you name it).  Our part of the
block has a reputation for not being somewhere for these pepole to hang
out because my father and our neighbors have taken a stand against such
scum. 3)Not everyone who lives in these neighborhoods is bad simply as a result
of their economic conditions.  We don't want these people around any more
than you people do in your neighborhoods.  It just happens, and I know
this for a fact, that it takes Oakland Police(OPD) a lot longer to
respond when we call them, than when people in Skyline(a rich white
neighborhood) call them. 4)My family has not broken any law simply by trying to protect ourselves. There is no way in hell that the police can be everywhere at once, even
if they are as efficient as you in the 'burbs seem to think they are,
keeping out and harassing all the minorties that come your way.  Until
they get there, the only way we can protect ourselves is with our guns. We havne't broken any laws, we're not the ones who have severed our
contract with society by choosing to live outside of it, its not us, its
the people who prey upon us in our homes and in our schools, and it is
not us who should lose our rights, but them.  By simply lumping us in
with them by sheer virtue of where we live and how much we earn is not
only sheer folly but is also classist. 5)Yes we worry about the rights of the accused.  I do.  I've been
arrested and harassed when the only crime that I committed was being in
the wrong place at the wrong time, and not having the right skin color. Yes, I worry about those rights, because for me, it might be that one
day, that it is I who is on trial, it is I whose rights are being
questioned, and it is I who wants my day in court, and unless we protect
the rights of the accused, even if they don't look like us, it reaps a
beneficial result to society as a whole.  Thomas More in the movie _Man
for All Seasons_ makes an excellent point when he asks young Will, if he
would cut down all the laws in England to catch the devil.  When Will
responds in the affirmative, More asks him, "And what would you do when
the winds rage about you?"
You see, if you don't protect the rights of the accused today, there
might come a day when you're in their shoes and you'll wish that you
still had those rights--remember the 5th amendment?  The 4th's
prohibitions against unreasonable seach and siezures?  What about the
14th's due process clause?  It is the rule of law, not of decree that
makes this nation great, and there's no way in hell, I'm going to sit
idly by and watch this nation become an autocracy simply because some
people in suburbia decided that it would be easier to do away with the
rights of the accused in their racist, xenophobic fears. Any comments?

@_date: 1994-04-24 18:18:07
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Warrentlesss SEarches 
Take my comments any way you want.  I really don't care.  However, I went
to an inner city high school, no not in New Haven, but on the other side
of the country,   and as such I base my information on how and
where I grew up for the past 18 years of my life before I came to Yale.
The section of New HAven where Yale is, honestly, is a sheltered environ,
that I will grant, and redily acknowledge it.  However, if you came to
visit my home in Oakland, you'd see that across the street are the Acorn
Projects(which are public, low income housing) as well as down the street
is the police station.  I've gone to a friend's house to hang out only to
have our reveries disturbed by gangs shooting each other up outside.  No,
unless you grew up most of your life in the inner city, unless you went
to school and saw your buddies get blown away because they were in the
wrong place at the wrong time, unless you've attended the funerals of
friends who died senselessly can you tell me that you have the same
sources of information that I do.
My information I gather empirically--with my own eyes.  Can you say the
same?  How long have you lived in New Haven?  New Haven is nothing let me
tell you.  There's poverty here, there's needless suffering, but taking
away these people's basic diginity and civil rights, by searching them
for somehitng that isn't contraband is not going to do anything to get
these people out of the hole they're in.  Rather, its going to make them
more resentful and more angry at what they percieve to be a government
that is unresponsive to their needs.  Remember, they are perfectly
justified in feeling disenfranchised, because honestly they are.
So taking away normal, law abiding citizen's guns that they use to
protect themselves is going to cut down on the amount that the gangs
have?  Hardly.  Ever walk down the street and been offered a gun?  I
have.  I didn't take it, never know what condition its in, or where its
been. :)
And they should.  But they shouldn't be forced to give up their civil
rights to be able to 'do something about it.'
No you're right.  You never did MENTION that everyone in these
neighborhoods are bad, but by blanektly abrogating EVERYONE'S rights
there's a tacit assumption there that someone did something wrong.  We
take away the rights of convicted felons--not the innocent people who
happen because of unfortunate circumstances to have the government as a
landlord, there less of a public outrage.
The American public feels unattached and holds in no specific esteem us
inhabitants of the inner city.  Thus we get things like the searches that
are the topic of discussion.  And this is what frightens me the most.  I
can picture a scenario when middle white America decides that what the
inner cities need is a little law and order, like the National Guard or
the Army to camp out.  Sure this will reduce crime, but it'll also
curtail civil liberties.
Yes, but I am.  I admit it.  I see that there is an inherent prejudice
here.  Allow me to pose a scenario:
Beverly Hills is ravaged by a terrible crime wave.  Dope dealers are
hanging out on every block.  People are dealing drugs out of homes and
every so often it gets out of hand and people are shot.  Do you think that they will start abrogating these people's rights by
subjecting them to house-to-house searches for something that has yet to
be ruled illegal?  I personally doubt it.  And I doubt it because these
people have more political clout, because of the enormous hue and cry
that would erupt if such acts were to take place.
However, if we subject people(yes people, just like the ones on Rodeo
Dr.) that happen because of an accident of economics to have the
government as their land lord to these unreasonable searches, then there
is more of a mentalitiy of 'Good for them.  It's working'  But it ISN'T!
You know what will work?  Community groups that go down to the gun range.
That arm citizens.  That teach them to fire guns.  That licence them to
carry concealed weapons.  You think the dope dealers are gonna push, if
they know that the parents of their targets are armed and pissed off? No! I'm not advocating vigilantism, but there is much to be said for the
ability of people to arm themselves and protect themselves, their
families, and their possessions from any interloper--the same rights that
Jefferson speaks of, "Life, Liberty and the Pursuit of Happiness."
Good...You don't think they should abandon the BoR, but you think that
its okay to sign away a few rights at a time to ensure their safety?  One
day when this government is everyhwere, when they can read your mind,
when they know what you're doing, will you be totally secure.
The price of liberty is eternal vigilance, and with liberty comes
personal responsibility.  It is easier to sign away your rights and have
someone promise to protect you, but its like  a tiger that you get ride
on--if you get off, you'll get eaten, so you're forced to go wherever it
The first burden of personal responsibility begins with the individual. There's no one that can help you do that, this is something that you have
to do.  And if you're willing to protect yourself, then there's no one on
this earth that can take that away from you without losing some of his
blood in the process. ASIDE:  I often wonder why people don't want us in the inner city to have
guns.  I wonder if its just a bit of racism that fears the empowerment of
people with guns, kinda like there are some elements of the political
system that are afraid to give women guns.  Are they afraid that with the
great equalizer, that the underclasses will one day come to their senses
and realize how they've gotten shafted and decide to take out their rage?
Maybe they fear what sort of destruction will result as in the Watts and
recent King riots, if the rioters were armed.
The roots of social unrest in the inner city has nothing to do with
crime, and everything to do with economics.  You give these people jobs,
you give them traning, and you give them a stake in society, and you'll
see how far they'll go to defend you.  Its because of this frustration,
of the lack of vehicles for social mobility that the inner city is the
way it is.  I can't tell you how intoxicating the lure of dealing drugs
is.  The power to do what you want, to get any woman you want, to drive
any car you want, all for just a little bit of work.
Right now they're frustrated, and they don't believe they're anything in
this society.  You see, these high and lofty ideals that are embodied in
the BoR and the Declaration mean nothing.  Ever been stopped and given
the third degree for simply being in the wrong neighborhood?  The
exchange when something like:
Cop: "What are you doing here?"
Me: "Driving"
Cop: "Where are you going?"
Me: "To visit a friend."
Cop: "What's the address?"
Me "I didn't realize that we had a pass law in effect.  Did I take a wrong
    turn and end up in Pretoria?"
Cop: "Get out of the car."
I don't believe that I've gotten as fair of a shake when it comes to
authority as compared to many people in the burbs, that's why I'm
skeptical of any such wonderful ideas to take away rights from the
End Aside.

@_date: 1994-04-24 18:21:55
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Warrentlesss SEarches (fwd) 
Yes.  Should I be subject to the 'tyranny of the masses' as deToqueville
put it?  Conventional wisdom would say 'yes' however, I disagree. Conventional wisdom also suggests that I have a choice to live here or
not.  For many people living in subsidized housing, there is no choice,
but rather, the choice is between there and the street.  You said that if
you had a choice, fine, but for most if not all of these people, there is
NO choice.  They cannot choose a building, they simply take what is givne
to them.  Such are the breaks of being poor.
Also there exists another problem with it.  Why should I give up my gun
which I use to protect my family when its not even illegal except in
places where the the government is the landlord, that is mostly poorer
sections of town.

@_date: 1994-04-24 20:36:28
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Please be patient with me. 
Cause all the inner city residents I grew up with, went to school with,
hung out with, and shot hoop with were black.  My fault, but my response
was tinged by my own experiences.
So am I.  But he's going to have that gun whether I like it or not.  The
question that arises in response is, "Can I protect myself against this
drugged/hateful/nothing-to-live-for person?"  And if the answer is yes,
then I must ask myself how.  I personally don't like the odds of
hand-to-hand combat versus a gun, I like to even the odds.
Very good.  That's what America is about.  Clean starts.  You shouldn't
have to pay for it, but everyone should help to chip in, because if
everyone doesn't then there will be a big disaster later donw the road
that is even less appealing.  It seems that now a lot of rage and
frustration is coming out through the only safety valve available, and
that stopgap measures will no longer be sufficient.
I'm just suggesting that maybe it may be in everyone's best interest to
'make up' for it now, because the social pressures that will one day be
exerted may not be something that you want to see when the pot finally
boils over.  Plus, and this is personal, I'm for improving the lot of as
many people as possible.
This is probably true.    Ah well, I've always had a problem
blindly following authroity and not challenging it as my parents will be
the first to tell you.  The crypto angle is closely tied into the angle of unreasonable search
and seizures.  You see, the unreasonable search and seizure of our words,
our thoughts, indeed the very things that a democracy is founded
upon--ideas is what crypto is attempting to protect.  That in order to
protect these rights, and have them apply to crypto, we have to have them
apply in as many places as possible, in as many schemas as possible.  I question whether if a government will not give us security in our own
homes, how they can give us our privacy in as elusive of a concept to the
average American as cyberspace.  This is the crypto angle.  In order to
fight for crypto, we have to fight for all the other rights because
privacy is assumed and implied as the culmination of the entire
BoR because isn't privacy
the vehicle and the end of the rights enumerated in the BoR?  We can't
have privacy without being able to protect it<2nd> and that privacy isn't
worth much unless the government is prohibited from invading it <4th and
5th Amendments>, etc.
Very well.  Contacy me via private e-mail. I can't promise quick
responses as its finals here in the Elm city, but I wanted to point out
the points above, especially in the last 2 paragraphs.

@_date: 1994-04-24 20:40:29
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: licence plates seen 
As Tim May pointed out, the letter D if 68d is read and the letter 'h' if
68h is read.  Its a joke.  Get it?  h if its read in hex, and D if its read in Decimal.
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-04-29 06:26:25
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: Rings of Saturn 
What!? You're going to tell me that a man with your obvious intelligence
and joie de vivre didn't know?  The aliens(Skree-nok as they're called) are being kept hostage in order
to prompt their government into transferring technology to the evil NSA
in order to help it.  The Clipper chip was just a tidbit of the power
that the aliens have.
The NSA among its other projects is trying to wangle a device that will
allow the access to the brain of PRZ to help them put a back door inside
PGP and the aliens want a sacrifice of 2^10 virgins for this. We're all doomed.....

@_date: 1994-12-08 09:01:34
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: My apologies to the list (Re: ANSI Bombs are still a threat?) 
If you hit the control button with both mouse buttons at the same time in
twm(an X windows manager) there pops up a menu--choose the 'reset
terminal' option.
Who's not signing cause the DEC Rainbow he's using to dial in isn't secure.

@_date: 1994-12-09 13:02:07
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Secure DAC? 
The spooky term for it is MASINT-Measurement and Signals INT.

@_date: 1994-12-10 10:20:59
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Callback phones 
I picked this up on the alt.2600 newsgroup.  Seems like it could be used
for things like privacy enhancement if it was coupled with a credit
card/cashier's check that wasn't in your name along with perhaps a call
back loop.
Begin Forwarded Article:

@_date: 1994-12-15 09:55:55
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: FV & PGP (was Re: First Virtual email security) 
Like phone calls are really that secure what with people using cordless and cellular phones that still transmit in the clear even with Congress' best efforts to grant a false sense of security by outlawing some types of scanners.
If you have to call, what would be the difference between this and normal mail order save tha the catalog is digital?  That's not a significant enough of a change to have it considered a new form of commerce.
"By the end of 1648 all was over.  Cromwell was Dictator.  The Royalists were crushed; Parliament was a tool;  the Constitution was a figment; the Scots rebuffed, the Welsh back in their mountains; the Fleet was reorganised, London overawed.  King Charles, at Carisbrooke Castle, where the donkey treads the water wheel, was left to pay the bill.  It was mortal."

@_date: 1994-03-28 18:23:11
@_author: Senator Bedfellow 
@_subject: cfp '94 transcript 
Maybe I'm not as well versed in legal matters as y'all but what is the
'exculpatory no'?

@_date: 1994-03-29 13:25:20
@_author: Senator Bedfellow 
@_subject: Ames/ clipper compromised? 
Where can I get a copy of the entire original paper document regarding
Clipper.  I'd like to include it in a paper I'm writing and I'd like the
Appendices that are spoken of.

@_date: 1994-05-04 13:39:40
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: one time pad plus 
Ok, I'm new to this crypto bit so I probably will have more mistakes here than
correct answers.  Anyways I'm going to give a shot.
1)If you have the secure channel(sneakernet) that you have to re-init each time
you use th eone time pad, then this will be most likely a novelty, since Lousie
could have slipped Thelma the plaintext when she slipped her the pad.
2)If you're using a pad like this, if I'm not mistaken isn't this what Kahn
calls a 'book cipher' where it would be simpler to crack than a true one time
pad that is truly random.
3)Thelma could have used stenographic technology to send the same information,
she could have used faxes that when decoded could yield a message(kinda like
the old punch cards)
Anyways, this is just the view of a complete rank amateur.  Give me feedback
Renegade academician. They're a dangerous breed when they go feral.
 		-James P. Blaylock in "Lord Kelvin's Machine"

@_date: 1994-05-04 14:25:53
@_author: Llywelyn 
@_subject: The Value of Money 
Unless of course you have a $ bill that is a specie note.  I have a few ten
dollar bills that state that they are redeemable for specie.

@_date: 1994-11-26 18:44:14
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Need program pointers 
Norton has a decent wipefile. I don't know if it exists with the current
distribution, but with 4.5(which I have) it has it.
PCTools Compress for PCTools 7.0 would do this, if you specified the
option.  AGain an old version, I don't know anything about the current

@_date: 1994-11-29 11:03:53
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: We really _aren't_ paranoid :) 
I'm not sure I follow.  Is Scalia saying, "Don't give away anything here. They[Congress?] might want to do it."?

@_date: 1994-09-06 10:13:40
@_author: Subversive Citizen Unit 
@_subject: How Did This Get Done? 
Well you can do it this way by using a mail to news gateway, as for
tracibility, this is quite tracible.  Remember all you have to do is have
a log of all incoming telnet sessions and a log at the home machine of all
out going telnet sessions and you're easily paired up with it.
That's one of the ways, some stupid fool got caught mailing a death threat
to the president using forged mail from 'never.gonna.catch.me.org'

@_date: 1994-09-13 18:12:11
@_author: Subversive Citizen Unit 
@_subject: Crypto tie-in to crash at White House 
Funny.  As i read this, I was reminded pretty much of the whole Clipper
crap and wanted to respond with, "I wouldn't give it to you, but you'd
just take it from me if I wanted an alarm"

@_date: 1995-08-03 09:03:46
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: "Codebreakers" on PBS in NYC???? 
IS there anyone out there that can copy this for me?  I'd be glad to mail you an extra VHS tape for your effort.

@_date: 1995-08-07 07:02:20
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: (Fwd) Re: Law enforcement and PGP ban in Australia (fwd) 
Followup on the Ozzies banning PGP:
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
Reply-to:      "Danny Smith, AUSCERT" Paul (et al),
Surprised you didn't come to us first.  :-)
I believe you can treat this as net.rumour.  I have the paper now, and will
read it tonight.  I will also talk to the author whom I am led to believe
is rather annoyed at the misrepresentation of the content of his paper.
More information later this week.
Danny Smith.
 Danny Smith                      |  Fax:    +61 7 3365 4477
 AUSCERT                          |  Phone:  +61 7 3365 4417
 c/- Prentice Centre              |  (answered during business hours)
 The University of Queensland     |  (on call after hours for emergencies)
 Qld.  4072.  Australia           |  Internet:  auscert at auscert.org.au

@_date: 1995-08-07 08:07:11
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: RSA/Perl Shirts 
Has Joel Furr shipped his shirts yet?
I see some people on the list have gotten shirts and i was wondering as I still have not gotten mine.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-08-08 09:07:44
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Prime Number Gen's. 
Does anyone know of where I could get source, royalty free, in the US for a good Prime Number Generator?
One that used a set of quick probabalistic algorithms would be cool.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-08-13 18:19:52
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Q's on Number Theory/Quadriatic Residues 
Definitely. Is there an easy way to get from the 29 to the 8?  I can see how
it goes
the other way, but what I didnt' see was how, if given 29, I could get the
8? (Euclid's?)
Ok.  I wasn't thinking of multiplicative inverse when doing this--I guess I
wasn't in the right frame of mind.
I'll take the course, but you still needn't be so swarmy about it.
Ben Samman					     Samman at cs.yale.edu
I'm on vacation now, so e-mail will recieve a latency of +/- 24 hours.

@_date: 1995-02-02 23:01:25
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: The FIREWALL CHIP. U're phone always offhook? 
Use an encrypted cordless phone.  When its not in use, take the battery out of the phone.  As long as the model you own doens't have a speaker phone you're cool.
If you start thinking that all phones that you buy have other hidden mikes in them, then I start wondering about paranoia.

@_date: 1995-02-07 13:40:58
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Child Porno 
Just heard on the radio "How child pornographers are using the 'Net to turn your home computer into their playground and why you can't do anything because of lax and permissive legislation."
All this over some very discordany chords to make it seeem more ominous.  Gotta love the evening news here in CT.
weapons of mass destruction and how easy they are to get.'  I wonder if the producer is a closet facist or a ratings freak.

@_date: 1995-02-07 16:40:39
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
Just use netnews for mail then.  We can divide up netnews into different regions pgp.us.ca.north  pgp.us.ca.south etc. and then just post pgp'd messages to the net.  Kinda like blacknet.  Ok so there's a high cost involved in it, granted.
Also writing a bot to search through net news daily for anything signed with your PGP key isn't too difficult.
Indeed citizen-unit.  Wait over in the corner for processing.

@_date: 1995-02-09 07:10:31
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
I regret that my previous hope was dead wrong.
There's  front page story on it in today's NYT.  Hopefully for those of you that are NYT challenged, maybe John Young will make it available as per his usual gracious self.

@_date: 1995-02-12 10:40:09
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: Privacy digest an all 
I found this on another list that I"m on.  I have no connection at all with the distributor, but I thought that it would be interesting to share it with the list.
1.  New Publication: PRIVACY & GEMS: HOW TO AVOID THE PRIVACY INVADERS
We all have something to hide, right?  From nosy neighbors, burglars, our
spouses, private detectives, but most of all the government and business.
In this 38-page booklet, you will  learn how the government and business,
through the extensive use of super-computers, is compiling data on ever
facet of your life.  Discover exactly how they do it.  The amount of
information kept on you is astounding: bank statements, investments,
credit histories, medical records, school transcripts, driving histories,
videotape rentals, retail purchases, tax returns, legal records, and more!
This booklet explains who is collecting information on you and what they
are doing with it.  Your dossier is compiled and sold without your
permission or knowledge.  Find out what technologies are available today,
and their frightening implications for tomorrow.  We are on the verge of a
1984 Orwellian-type Police State!
How can you keep some of your life private?  After you read this booklet,
at least you will have some idea! Learn how to make untraceable telephone
calls.  Be prepared for the New Money . There are a few  low-profile
investments that do not generate reports to business or  government.  Learn
what they are and how to go about protecting yourself from the privacy
invaders.  Once you have shifted some of your assets from high -profile
assets to low-profile assets, learn how to store and conceal them so you
will not be discovered.  Subjects covered include:
Why Privacy?, Political Persecution, High-Risk Business, Divorce, Probate,
Protection from Robbery, Protection from Government Seizure, The Future:
The Total Surveillance State, "Smart Cars", "Smart Cards", "Video
Surveillance", "Satellite, Surveillance", "Clipper Chip", "Robot Spies", The
Future Workplace:  A Look At Electronic Banking System, Inc., How Profiles
Are Created, Damaging Dossiers, Privacy And The  Telephone, The New Be A
Private Investor, An Analysis Of Low-Profile Investments, Diamonds and
Precious Gems, Rare Coins, Foreign Currency, Collectibles, Cash, The Tangible Investment Philosophy, Recent DeBeers Diamond Price
Hikes, Long Term Investment Gem Performance, Low-Profile Strategies In A
High-Profile World, Confidential Model Portfolio For Privacy Clients, 10
Rules For Gem Investing, How To Safeguard Your Valuables.  This is an
excellent tool for anyone concerned with our vanishing privacy.  Here is how
you order:  Send $9.95 ppd (includes first class postage). Illinois
Residents add 6.5% sales tax.  to: Superior Broadcasting Company, Box 668,
Lindenhurst, IL 60046.  Request   "Privacy & Gems: A Special Report by
Bob Genis"

@_date: 1995-01-25 09:42:11
@_author: Ben 
@_subject: LAw in Cyberspace 
Well, Yale Law School is offering a class this semester on Law in Cyberspace.  I'm going to audit it, and when I get a syllabus(tomorrow), I'll post a copy if folks are intersted.
Just thought it would be of general interest.
"By the end of 1648 all was over.  Cromwell was Dictator.  The Royalists were crushed; Parliament was a tool;  the Constitution was a figment; the Scots rebuffed, the Welsh back in their mountains; the Fleet was reorganised, London overawed.  King Charles, at Carisbrooke Castle, where the donkey treads the water wheel, was left to pay the bill.  It was mortal."

@_date: 1995-07-12 13:57:22
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Q E D_j a k 
Actually this stuff is most likely shipped under diplomatic pouch.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-07-13 10:42:31
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
Those of you who have done complexity theory will take issue with the word 'encode'--the fact that it is binary is an encoding scheme--a simple one, but an encoding scheme in a language L2 nonetheless.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-07-14 06:51:42
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Ssh security hole? 
Bruce Schnier calls this the GrandMaster Problem in the Applied Crypto section on Zero Knowledge Authentication.
This can be skewed by requiring synchroneous transmissions within a very small synchronized time window.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net         Original message follows:

@_date: 1995-07-14 06:53:15
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: OTP server.. 
Because if the server is compromised to KEEP the data that it mails to you and those other people, you can have a PERFECTLY random OTP, and because of the particulars of XOR, your communication has been compromised.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-07-14 07:04:13
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Legislation question... 
Only ones that involve money.  The House was given the Power of the Purse by the original Constitutional Congress.
Ben Samman..............................................samman at cs.yale.edu
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant,
and kindness from the unkind; yet, strange, I am ungrateful to those teachers.-- K. Gibran. SUPPORT THE PHIL ZIMMERMANN LEGAL DEFENSE FUND!
For information Email: zldf at clark.net

@_date: 1995-07-22 14:01:02
@_author: Rev. Ben 
@_subject: Under Siege II 
Saw Under Siege II last nite--fairly bad movie--wouldn't recommend it, but there was some cpunks/crypto relevance.
*	Mentioned the No Such Agency's SIGINT capabilities via COMMSAT
*	Mentioned encryption several times:
Encryption is going mainstream folks.
