
@_date: 1996-04-07 02:31:17
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: FWD: On digital cash and geodesic economies 
Haven's seen anything on Bionomics list for a month.
Is the list silent, or is it just me.
I hope you will find the following article relevant to bionomics.
--- begin forwarded text
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
 ...but I like it. Said it was a little too "fast paced". (For WIRED???)
I'm starting over on another, so you guys might as well see this one...
It *was* supposed to go into their Idees Fortes (Or, as my brother Mike in
Albuqerque says, in his best Jose Jimenez, "Stron' Gideas") section. Now
something else is, once I write it. Feh!
It's 800 words. Exactly.
Bob Hettinga
  ---
Robert Hettinga (rah at shipwright.com)
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-07 03:59:05
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: [mis]FWD: On digital cash and geodesic economies 
Sorry - sent previous post  to  cp instead of bionomics.

@_date: 1996-02-10 04:47:53
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: V-Chip 
I assume that this chip works on some password scheme..
Here's a little excerpt from a letter sent by a Cybermind list member
Robert A. Kezelis to Mr. President:
  Some kids also have friends.  Friends whose parent are more permissive
then theirs, and friends who are smarter than their parents.
Kids whose V-Chip has 1-1-1 rating allowing them to watch nothing but
selected episodes of Barney demoing new versions of V-Chip, may be
embarrassed to invite anybody over.  Kids with 5-5-5 rating will be
the New Cool Guys.
  Now if your child wants to go over to Billy's, you may want to call
Billy's mom and ask her what her V-Chip settings are.
Do not forget to ask her when was the last time she beat Billy at any computer
  One restriction that I could possibly consider for my child, would
be a 'crap' factor.  I think it's a much more serious danger to the
young americans; IMO, watching baseball and psychic idiocy is much
less natural and a lot more harmful to a young mind than seeing a
picture of a breast.   This factor is the reason why I restrict *myself*
from watching most of TV programs.

@_date: 1996-02-17 04:49:07
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
I ran my essays through Word grammar checker a while ago,
and was surprised how stable the grammar statistics were.
Complexity of the text (grade level) was the same to the decimal point,
average length of sentences was consistent, etc.
People also use the same styles of smileys or *highlights*, make
consistent spelling errors, have their habits of indentation, etc.
My suggestion at the time was to have randomizing output filter that
would substitute synonyms, change spelling, modify paragraph formatting,
etc.  - Style anonymizer, I'd call it.  Also, if small random changes are
applied to every copy of the message you send out, and you keep track of
what recipient got which version, you will find it easier to identify
the leaks if you send private messages.  A dishonest recipient, to
protect himself, would have to further randomize the message, which
has apparent consequences for the ease of your identification and attributability of the message.
  Of course there are  more subtle consistencies of style one can't easily
mask with a filter - but they are not easy to detect either.

@_date: 1996-01-09 19:24:17
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: PRIVACY: Private traces in public places 
Most of the materials that are currently available on the Net and
can be easily found through many search engines were created
for other media, by people who were not aware that these materials
may ever end up on the Web.
  Sometimes, it comes as an unpleasant surprise to a person who
looks for web pages referencing his own name, and finds, among
other things, many of his explicit or controversial usenet or mailing
list messages, old resumes that may contradict the current one,
critical remarks of his high school girlfriend and former colleagues, etc.
Knowing that this information is easily accessible to his new girlfriend
and prospective employer may make him more than uncomfortable.
All advice to such a person you may see on the Net mentions Net laws
that should have been passed and personal actions that should or
should not have been taken.
In both cases, it's usually too late.
Fortunately, not that many people have been burned.
We can bury them (or their reputations) and move ahead, vowing not
to repeat their mistakes.  From now on we, the prudent ones, will be
very careful not to leave compromising traces where they can be
uncovered by existing technologies and made public.
It's called "learning from other people's mistakes".
- No, it isn't !
The mistake those people made was not leaving traces that could be made
public with *then* existing technologies.  It was doing things that could be
uncovered by technologies (like search engines) that at the time *did not
If you want to learn from these mistakes, you should look at what information
about yourself you are leaving behind that can be made public tomorrow.
Let's look at what traces you leave.   I do not want to consider time travelers from the future watching your life.
- Just some already available technologies that are on the rise and will be
cheap and ubiquitous tomorrow.
- Your database records.
- All letters to public officials that you ever wrote or that mentioned your
- All mentions of you in any printed press.
- All published photos where you can be recognized (including street crowds,
  demonstrations, football games) - they will all be scanned some day, and
  machines with image recognition will find you even where you wound't.
- Your fingerprints.  How many books, magazines and other things currently
  stored all over the world carry your fingerprints?  It is possible to
figure out
  what pages you read, after whom, with whom, etc.
- Landfills:  They are probably the richest source of detailed historical
   that is not obtainable from any other source and can be used to reconstruct
   the detailed history of society, economy, technology and any single
person with
   incredible detail.
  Besides thousands of your personal letters and documents, they contain data on
  the evolution of your intelligence,  handwriting, habits such as
nail-biting, samples
  of hair that you washed with different shampoos (or didn't) and millions
of discarded
  little things identifiable by your writing, fingerprints or DNA samples.
One may figure
  out where you drank a cup of Coke 30 years ago,  and who you shared it with.
  And so on.
  The technology necessary to recover and index all this data is already
and will become very cheap in a few decades.
How can people protect themselves from all this?
Will people of the future all wear identical privacy suits, gloves and
helmets and burn
everything they have touched?
Or they will just try not to do things they may later be ashamed of?
(How do you know what you may be ashamed of 30 years from now?)
Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko Home page:  Great Thinkers page:

@_date: 1996-01-19 10:03:50
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: underground digital economy 
Let's consider a general case: we have a number of market segments,
and a number of currencies.  The currencies may float between the markets
and translate into one another.
  If the currencies are independent from the markets, the flow of funds
may cross the currency boundary, then a market boundary (or vice versa).
If not, these crossings maybe synchronized - to enter the next market
segment, you have to exchange the currency. All you need to have all
the "economies" running is some gates between the currencies somewhere
in the system.
  There are lots of alternative currencies in any society, including
balances of personal favors between people; usually they do not have
currency conversion problems, even if explicitly regulated.
  If you sell a new version of CryptoDoom for digicash, and would like to
buy a car that is only sold for paper money, and I have a car to sell and
want to buy your CryptoDoom, *somewhere* in the market there will appear
an exchange agent that would help us complete the transaction. In the
case of parallel digital currencies this exchange market would be very
liquid because of the high speed, low cost, and security/privacy of the
  I have some personal experience with similar issues, in my attempts
to move money in and out of Russia. In these transactions cash rarely
crosses the border.  If an American A1 wants to send some dollars to
a Russian R1 who needs roubles, and a Russian R2 wants to send some
roubles to American A2 who needs dollars, then A1 pays dollars to A2,
and R2 pays roubles to R1.  Since both inter-market and inter-currency
transactions should be balanced, such schemes would always be possible.

@_date: 1996-01-31 02:50:34
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Credit cards: No keystrokes, no capture. 
What if I offer my customers a little GUI interface where they would
click numeric buttons instead of typing the numbers?
If the card number input screen changes window dimensions as well as
size and positioning of the buttons, capturing mouse movements won't
give you much either.   Or randomly generate a set of digit buttons
and let the user drag them into a 16-digit bar.
  Am I missing something here?

@_date: 1996-03-09 11:09:36
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Review Litigation 
What if somebody gets a positive review they do not deserve, or has incorrect
data?  Can somebody file a "public against reviewer" lawsuit?  Who would
collect damages (public, competitors)?

@_date: 1996-03-10 12:16:09
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: Stego - images and sounds 
This should depend on how the image/sound was obtained, though I am pretty
sure in most cases there would be easily detectable patterns.  They would
be the strongest in software-generated files, smaller in good reproductions
of precise recordings, and very small in noisy recordings.  In all cases,
the number of lower bits used for stego-messages may be chosen lower than
the existing noise of the signal.  Changing all lower bits in a good
rendered image may still be unnoticeable for the human viewer, but really
easy to detect to a program.

@_date: 1996-09-09 10:31:22
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: Imminent Death of the Internet, GIF at 11 
I would add one word into that Gordon Bell's maxim: "anyone can predict
the SHORT-TERM future: all you need is semi-log paper and a ruler."
 Rulers are liner-extrapolation predictors; the only predictions with
still lower intelligence are pointers - with the assumption that things
are going to always remain the same. Unfortunately, these two kinds of
prediction methods populate most of the human "visionary" landscape,
with rare flowers of visionary minds elevating above it - Metcalf's
doesn't seem to be one of them.  This very observation on the
population/food dilemma was made by Malthus quite a while ago.
However, both population and food are still here, and natural resources
are no longer a serious limiting factor for the production of food.
  If you notice that your attempt to extend your ruler farther than
it can go, will not work, it's a good prediction of a breakdown -
*of the ruler*, not the system you are trying to measure.  The role
of a visionary is not to mistake the horizon of current trends for the
horizon of the world, but look ahead and predict future trends - and
advise what should be done to adapt to the imminent transitions.
  An important observation for the net traffic/bandwidth "crisis" is
that human ability to perceive textual and visual information remains
pretty much the same.  Addition of graphics, video and sound to the Net,
as well as the growing number of users, increase the bandwidth, but
this all has (though still distant) saturation point - say, 24 hour-a-day
single-channel video feed to every human and his dog. (Inter-machine
communications do not have this limit though).
  Already, most of the newsfeed coming to any single server, is never
read by anybody; this is also the fate of most messages from 60 or so
mailing lists coming to my PC.  A solution here, that will be also
quite instrumental for many future problems, is not to send messages
that are not going to be read - i.e., server-side filtering agents;
I have been suggesting collaborative message filtering (see proposal
on my home page) for more than 5 years now - only to find people who
could help implement it, uselessly running around the Net whining
and waving their stiff rulers.
Of course, there are also other methods of making Net traffic more
intelligent and robust; if Internet was recognized as the most
revolutionary development in the evolution of the global ecology of
intelligence, and if there existed some mechanism for turning truly
visionary ideas on the Net's evolution into changes in its structure,
then, well, things would be much better.

@_date: 1996-09-26 18:30:14
@_author: Alexander 'Sasha' Chislenko 
@_subject: CONF/ORG: EXTRO-3 date 
We are trying to plan the time for the EXTRO-3 - the Third in the
infinite series of Extropian conferences.
The tentative dates for EXTRO-3 are now weekends of August 2-3
and August 9-10 of 1997, with a backup plan of July 26-27 weekend.
We would like to select the date so that it would not interfere
with other conferences, and be convenient for everybody.
If you know of any other events of extropian/transhumanist/libertarian/
life-extension/cypherpunk interest planned for one of those weekends,
or if you would like to attend and have have personal preferences for
one of these days, please send me _private_ mail at sasha1 at netcom.com
(You can find general info on Extropianism at
  )
On behalf of the of Extropian Action Team,
