
@_date: 2012-07-25 10:15:54
@_author: Stewart Brand 
@_subject: [SALT] Cory Doctorow next TUESDAY July 31 (for forwarding) 
Attacks on computer freedom will just keep escalating, Doctorow contends. The copyright wars, net neutrality, and SOPA (Stop Online Piracy Act) were early samples of what is to come. Victories for freedom in those battles were temporary. Conflict in the decades ahead will feature ever higher stakes, more convoluted issues, and far more powerful technology. The debate is about how civilization decides to conduct itself---and in whose interests.
bCory Doctorow is one of the great context-setters of our generation,b says Tim ObReilly. Co-editor of the acclaimed blog bBoing Boing,b Doctorow writes contemporary science fiction blending contextual insight with journalistic depth.  His recent books include For the Win; Makers; and Little Brother.
"The Coming Century of War Against Your Computer," Cory Doctorow, Novellus Theater, Yerba Buena Center for the Arts, San Francisco, 7pm, Tuesday, July 31.  The show starts promptly at 7:30pm.
To be sure of a seat:
b" Long Now Members can use the discount code on the Doctorow Seminar page to reserve 1 free seat.
b" You can purchase tickets for $10 each.
b" Tune into the live audio stream for Long Now Members at 7:30 PST - become a member for just $8 a month.
Share this talk: Cory Doctorow, "The Coming Century of War Against Your Computer" Long Now talk on 7/31 Talks coming up:
Aug. 20 (Mon) - Elaine Pagels, "The Truth About the Book of Revelations" Sept. 5 (Tue) - Tim O'Reilly, "Birth of the Global Mind"
Oct. 8 (Mon) - Steven Pinker, "The Decline of Violence"
Nov. 13 (Tue) - Lazar Kunstmann, Jon Lackman, "Preservation without Permission: the Paris Urban eXperiment"
High-quality videos of the talks and other benefits (such as priority tickets) are available to Long now members.  Membership, which starts at $8/month ($96/year), helps support the series and other Long Now projects.  Joinable here.
This is one of a monthly series of Seminars About Long-term Thinking (SALT) organized by The Long Now Foundation.  Free audio and my summaries of all previous talks are available for download here (or stay up to date with the podcast here).  You'll find a range of long-term thinking items on our Blog (RSS).  If you would like to be notified by email (like this one) of forthcoming talks, go here to sign up online.  Any questions, contact Danielle Engelman at Long Now -- 415-561-6582 x1 or danielle at longnow.org.
You are welcome to forward this notice to anyone you think might be interested.
 --Stewart Brand
Stewart Brand -- sb at gbn.org
The Long Now Foundation -- Seminars & downloads -- b"Twitter - up to the minute info on tickets and events
b"Long Now Blog - daily updates on events and ideas
b"Facebook - stay in touch through our fan page
SALT mailing list
unsubscribe / change email:
