
@_date: 2013-02-07 16:09:43
@_author: scarp 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Cryptography super-group creates unbreakable 
Hash: SHA512
Nadim Kobeissi:
I've been monitoring this discussion about Silent Circle and the one
on cryptography at randombit.net
Software such as TrueCrypt would never have gained the popularity and
widespread usage if it were closed source. Likewise things like SSL
and TLS would not have gained widespread usage without standards
bodies and technical specifications.
I don't see Silent Circle being anything revolutionary. Encryption
software which encrypts the contents before uploading it to the cloud
already exists, see Cyphertite. They have actually released their source.
I also don't see how any "burn" function of software on sensitive data
has any useful purpose. I see that as a false sense of security. If
someone were to take a photo of the phone with another phone, it would
be circumvented.
I also don't see any problem in Silent Circle releasing source, and
using a restrictive license if they so please, the point is while it
is closed source we're really just expected to "trust" these big names.
Rich and popular men can be bought and sold, so really their
identities or names mean nothing to me. We need independent verifiable
proof by people who understand the most inner workings of the
implementations of the encryption to say "yes this works", and also
people attempting to break it.
Also by saying "unbreakable encryption" do they mean to say they've
developed encryption technology using unbreakable ciphers? or is it
just the implementation of them. To me it seems like a massive
marketing campaign if they're using social media as much as people say
they are this would further support this.
Also "unbreakable encryption" is similar to saying to you've made an
unsinkable ship, and we all know what happened last time someone said
I also think journalists publishing about "Secret Circle" should find
independent qualified sources to verify the claims of it being
"unbreakable" before publishing it. To  me that seems like good
journalism vs bad.

@_date: 2013-02-07 17:25:09
@_author: scarp 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Cryptography super-group creates unbreakable 
Hash: SHA512
Which brings me to another point, what if in 1991 Phil Zimmermann said
you must use his bbs/email server to use PGP, and wouldn't release the
source for the encrypting client? I wonder if it would be as popular
as it is today if that was the case.
I find it also amusing:
To me this seems like a big middle finger to totalitarian government
dictating how and who it must be used by. Of course by this point the
government couldn't stop people using it even if they wanted to, the
source was everywhere.
Given his interest in anti-nuclear activism, I wonder if in today's
world that could have been construed as anti-government and possibly a
person of interest by the government.
The other question is what's to stop Apple being legally forced to
push a modified copy of this software to a person's phone that has a
While people might say this isn't possible due to XXX law, what is to
prevent one being created that changes that. Encryption technology's
effectiveness should not be based on what the government is allowed
and not allowed to do. I guess this is an inherent problem with
storing data in the cloud.
Poorer people of poorer nations won't be able to afford this, and
neither will the average citizen care enough to pay this.
I don't imagine some factory worker in china for example who earns 50
cents a day being able to pay for this so he can talk about how shitty
the conditions are.
To me it seems like it will only get used by businesses and enterprise
needing security abroad rather than activists residing in areas where
they would need it in order to have some semblance of freedom.
