
@_date: 1994-07-01 22:37:50
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Blame me! I started the "What motivates crypto-folk" thread 
I only joined the cypherpunks list a few days ago so 'imagine my
surprise' to see that a post I sent to talk.politics.crypto had been
forwarded here and was the topic of some considerable debate!
I've also had stacks of replies by email, so I thought I should
stick my head above the parapet and post here with a few observations.
It is self evident from the emails I have received that crypto-use
and cypherpunks encompass people of every political stripe. Someone
used the phrase 'strange bedfellows' to describe the variety of people
on cypherpunks and I couldn't agree more. The majority of people shared
a simple desire for privacy, from government snooping in particular.
I guess the articles I had read on WWW that lead to my original post
were not very representative of crypto-users as a whole.
I wasn't really intending to start a political left vs right debate with
my post. As many people have pointed out to me, crypto is a neutral tool that
can be used by all sorts of people for all sorts of ends. I don't expect
to agree politically with all those people any more that I expect to
agree with all car drivers (for example). I was just curious that there
was an *apparent* trend in the politics of the crypto articles I read -
How wrong I was :-)
To all those who have replied to me by email, thanks for your views.
Sherry Mayo
Ha ha ha this had me ROTFL!!!
PPS. Its Mayo - I'm no relation!

@_date: 1994-10-02 21:16:56
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Manufacturing quantum computers 
Hi all,
Regarding the quantum cryptography thread: Some people expressed the
view that although the idea may be workable, the manufacturing technology
was a long way of being able to produce quantum computers.
The quantum dot design proposed by Eckert et al for a quantum "factorisation
engine" requires 100000 quantum dots (to factorise RSA-129 or similar)
which are each about 10nm across to be fairly densly packed onto a chip. I'm not so sure about this being 'a long way off' in terms of materials
technology, and I found the following article on WWW which describes some
relevant research into this kind of manufacturing at a US army research
centre. I found this on the FedWorld (US Govt,  )
Part of the "unique ARL (Army Research Lab) facilities" page
Ultralithography Center.
This facility provides the Army
and DoD with a capability that significantly
impacts the development of novel ultra-submicron
electronic device technology required by
next-generation and future military systems. A
multi-million-dollar Leica (Philips) EBPG-5HR
electron-beam lithography system, which represents
the state of the art in ultra-high-resolution
device patterning, is housed in a newly
constructed clean room. The Leica EBPG-5HR
accomplishes lithography by scanning a finely
focused beam of high-energy electrons over an
electron-sensitive polymer coating applied to the
substrate surface. With an electron beam spot size
approaching 10 nm, the Leica EBPG-5HR provides an
effective solution to the most demanding
lithographic applications, including ultra-small
(250 angstrom [= 25nm]) electronic and photonic devices.
These devices will provide an enabling foundation
for next-generation Army electronic and
optoelectronic systems. Devices such as sub-100-nm
gate length millimeter-wave high-electron-
mobility transistors (HEMTs), novel quantum-effect
and mesoscopic (phase-preserving) devices, and
quantum-well infrared photo-detectors are
patterned with this system. The instrument's high
acceleration voltage (100kV) provides a unique
capability to pattern closely spaced
nanometer-scale device features without feature or
sample- related distortion. Automated calibration
permits the writing of undistorted patterns over
the large sample areas required to fabricate many
photonic devices and optoelectronic circuits.
Well there you go. Perhaps the technology is nearer than we
think. Of course this still doesn't answer the
noise problem that critics of the proposed technique think will
render it all but useless. However I wanted to make the point
that we shouldn't be complacent about the materials technology
side of things.
Tim May makes the point that he is not selling his shares in intel,
and that conventional chip technology is not about to be supplanted.
The problem with this IMHO is that these are not two completely
different technologies we are talking about. The constantly improving
techniques being used to cram more and more onto conventional chips are directly applicable to the manufacture of these proposed quantum
dot devices.
Just my 2 cents
Sheridan C. Mayo         | WWW pages include caving, sci fi and   RSC, ANU, Australia      | crypto pages. NEW: X-files has its own
scmayo at rschp2.anu.edu.au | page with gifs/sounds/fanfic etc.
Finger for PGP key       |

@_date: 1994-09-06 18:05:27
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Australian Crypto 
Matthew Gream said...
I am more than a little concerned by this as I have just put PGP source and executables on my experimental WWW server (Australian based).
I announced it on talk.politics.crypto yesterday before I read this post.
I thought I was doing a service by providing a faster download for Aussie users (downloading big files from outside Aus is painfully slow). I hope
I'm not taking an unacceptable risk with my temporary residence visa :-(
I too made the mistake of assuming that the Aussie regulations were more relaxed (like those of the UK).
Oh well for what it's worth, here's the address:
(waiting for those ASIO spooks :-)

@_date: 1994-09-27 04:32:55
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Quantum cryptanalysis thread on sci.crypt 
Constraints of time mean I've been skimming thru' c'punx a bit lately,
but I was wondering if anyone here has  any views on the quantum
crytanalysis thread that has been gracing sci.crypt of late.
I haven't noticed it here but maybe I missed it (in which case - sorry guys).
I first read about it in New Scientist (24 Sept 94) No 1944, p 21.
the upshot being that if there is any mileage in the quantum computing
idea, then  it may lead to computers that can rapidly factorise
primes (not good news for RSA).
The main objections of skeptics are that noise/defects of manufacture make such
quantum computers unfeasible. On the other hand, the New Scientist Article suggests that the technology for making a quantum computer may not be that
far away. This may be just sensationalism, but even if its only a
dim possibility in 25 years time its got to be worth a mention.
Given the recent developments in materials science I don't think the
possibility of manufacturing such things can be ruled out as some
suggested on sci.crypt. The matter of being swamped by noise may be
an insurmountable problem, and  anyway is not something I am qualified to comment on. Any well informed people out there with any comments?

@_date: 1994-09-28 00:34:31
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
Hi all,
Sorry if this has already been brought up (I've been skimming through c'punx
lately and may have missed it) but does anyone have any comment on this
thread (see title).
I first read about this in New Scientist (Sept 24th, No 1944). To summarize:
Shor came up with an algorithm that could use quantum effects to rapidly
factorise large primes. To build such a quantum computer requires manufacturing
techniques not yet available, although two other researchers (one is called
Eckart) streamlined Shor's algorithm and proposed a design for a "factorization
engine" using quantum dot technology. You'd need to put a lot more quantum
dots on a chip than is currently possible to build such a device, but the
suggestion could be possible in a few years time. the article hinted that
Hitachi were already hard at work on the problem.
Detractors of the proposed technique say problems of noise and sensitivity
to mechanical defects are insurmountable and the technique could never work.
I was wondering if anyone here has any comment. After reading the New Scientist
article I immediately checked it out in sci.crypt and saw a few articles there
(but they weren't on the whole any more enlightening that the New Scientist
article). I was wondering if anyone here had any views (informed or otherwise :-)
I suppose cypherpunks should keep up with the latest developments (or even
possibilities), and where there's quantum cryptanalysis presumably there's also quantum cryptography :-)
ps if anyone is interested I'll try and dig out the references.

@_date: 1995-09-13 17:46:21
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful. 
P. Trei writes
I think thsi is confusing two separate things. The need to publicise and encourage the use of crypto is important to many of us and lots of us
do this in various ways (web pages, magazine articles etc). The other aspect
of the cypherpunks is writing code, discussing protocols etc, some of which
is fairly arcane stuff and is by necessity the interest of an "elite" (as you
put it). I think the success of this list lies in the mixture.
I'll come clean and say that
initially the term "cypherpunks" made me cringe (and still does, maybe 'cos
I'm a brit ;-) ;-) but I certainly remembered it and it stuck in my mind enough
to get me interested in this stuff in the first place. In short, don't ditch
the name because if nothing else it *is* memorable, much more so that some more
comventional tag.
However, you do make some bloody good points about not alienating more
conservative people by coming over all crypto-anarchist (or whatever your particular bent is) when encouraging/publicising the use of crypto. The "why use crypto" questions and answers was a good example of how to
appeal to a more conservative viewpoint. When trying to find out about
crypto intially on the WWW I was rather overwhelmed by the number of political rants and a bit underwhelmed by the lack of solid info. This situation has improved a lot in the last 2 years but still needs work IMHO. [An aside to Web page maintainers...
Another thing to consider (for Web sites in particular) is that people from _all over the world_ will be reading it. If your site is a fairly central one, bear in mind that a lot of rants about congress trampling all over
the Nth amendment mean bugger all to a lot of us furriners, and come over
as a bit parochial. I'm not saying a local perspective is a bad thing, just
that it shouldn't be the only thing.
 ]
my 2c worth

@_date: 1995-09-19 21:07:29
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: [NOISE] Unabomber - crypto-anarchist?!? 
Found this quote from the Electronic Telegraph, the online version of
a UK daily newspaper. (world news section, Weds 20th Sept)
"Editors forced to print manifesto of Unabomber
By Charles Laurence in New York
...The heart of his argument is that industrial society has led to ways of life for which people are fundamentally unsuited. He calls for a crypto-anarchic revolution and a new order based on small, village-style units."
Uh? Crypto-anarchic? Surely he's not one of ours? ;-) ;-) ;-)
ps You are supposed to register to read the ET but I registered as "cypherpunks"
passwd "cypherpunks" - don't worry I didn't give the mailing list address.

@_date: 1995-09-26 21:23:28
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: chaos cryptography 
Hi all - saw this in New Scientist and thought you might be interested
(I guess it's more stenography than cryptography):
"Secret signals hidden in chaos
...John Hogan of the Engineering Mathematics department at Bristol
showed the BA how such unpredictable systems can be used to protect
sensitive information. His team mixed the information with chaotic
electrical signals, transmitted the result, and then extracted the
hidden message.
Hogan and his team modified simple electrical circuits to generate
unpredictable signals and hid within them a recording of "Land of Hope and Glory". When the two identical circuits are connected, said
Hogan, the outputs instantly synchronise so that anything added to the transmission stands out. "It's like magic." he said.
If anyone intercepted the signal and fed it through a loudspeaker
all they would hear is a loud hiss. This makes the system suitable for
hiding confidential information - once, that is, the system is perfected.
At present, a decoded message sounds like a scratchy 78 recording
although it is still recognisable, said Hogan.
So far the researchers have succeeded only when the two circuits are
connected by wire a few cm long. They are now trying to replicate
the results in circuits that are seperated by long distances and
connected by a radio link. They also want to see if it can be modified
for use with digital equipment."
ps I wonder how close to real noise the "hiss" is.

@_date: 1995-09-27 16:18:40
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: chaos cryptography 
As someone pointed out to me in email I wrote "stenography" when
I meant "steganography" in the intro to the New Scientist article.
(Well I'm sure ou all knew what I meant)

@_date: 1996-07-05 14:14:17
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: What remains to be done: keeping info free 
Hal Finney writes.. If the objective is to keep information available then check out Ross Andersons "eternity service" proposal which outlines a "highly distributed, resilient and anonymous file store.
Once a document is published on it, the courts will simply not be able to find and delete all the copies"

@_date: 1996-09-19 16:17:03
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Australian "ITAR" regulations 
Hi all
Some time ago I had various email exchanges regarding Australian crypto export regulations. More recently I've been put in the picture by David
Cox and others that there are in fact ITAR-like laws in force in Australia.
The last time I looked into this, Matt Crean(?) had very little luck finding
any info from the various relevant departments, have of whom didn't seem
to have a clue.
In short, Crypto export from Australia is illegal without a licence -
this is making it difficult for David's software firm to compete with their unhampered German competition.
Using the following search URL you can find the relevant text (shortened version appended))
However, if anything is done about ITAR in the US, I wouldn't be at all
surprised if Australia follows suit.
ps There is an awful lot of crap on c'punks these days - reading it is a bit
of a needle in a haystack exercise ;-(
CUSTOMS (PROHIBITED EXPORTS) REGULATIONS - SCHEDULE 13
MILITARY AND NON-MILITARY GOODS (EXPORTATION PROHIBITED
EXCEPT ON PRODUCTION OF A LICENCE OR PERMISSION UNDER
REGULATION 13B)
43.       Other goods as follows:
   (a)  complete or partially complete cryptographic equipment
designed to ensure the secrecy of communications (including
data communications and communications through the medium of
telegraphy, video, telephony and facsimile) or stored
   (b)  software controlling, or computers performing the
function of, cryptographic equipment referred to in
paragraph (a);
   (c)  parts designed for goods referred to in paragraphs (a)
or (b);
   (d)  applications software for cryptographic or cryptanalytic
purposes including software used for the design and analysis
of cryptologics;
   (e)  radio transmitters and receivers for spread spectrum or
frequency agile communications systems having a total
transmitted bandwidth that is:
        (i)    100 or more times greater than the bandwidth of any one
information channel in the system;
        (ii)   in excess of 50 kilohertz; or
        (iii)  designed or modified to use cryptographic techniques
to generate the spreading code for spread spectrum or the
hopping code for frequency agile systems;
   (f)  parts designed or adapted for goods referred to in
paragraph (e);
   (g)  software and equipment designed or adapted for
controlling the functions of goods referred to in paragraph
   (e)  ;
   (h)  information security systems, equipment, software,
application specific assemblies, modules or integrated
circuits, designed or modified to provide certified or
certifiable multi-level security of user-isolation at a
level exceeding Class E4 of the Information Technology
Security Evaluation Criteria (ITSEC) or equivalent in force
at the commencement of these Regulations;
        (i)    software designed or adapted for the purpose of
demonstrating that the information security features
referred to in paragraph (h) provide a multi-level security
or user-isolation function.

@_date: 1996-09-30 15:03:27
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: GCHQ releases Venona files (from UK Telegraph) 
Hi all,
A couple of articles from the UK Daily Telegraph may be of interest.
The earlier one "Codebreakers come clean" is about the upcoming
congference on cold war intelligence & mentions the continued
release of the NSA's Venona files (see The article is at:
The second is about the GCHQ (UK equivalent of NSA) releasing its
own Venona files in response to the NSA release.
These are being released into the public records office, but there is
no indication that they will appear on the net for the time being.
