
@_date: 1996-02-19 06:50:53
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Science News - article on Quantum Crypto 
I am not sure this is correct. In-line optical amplifiers work by
stimulated emission like a laser rod. There is no intermediate
electronic stage. The amplifier is a section of fibre that is doped
with a rare earth element. The rare earth atoms are boosted into a metastable
high energy state using a power source around the fibre. Passing signals
(photons) stimulate the decays of the metastable states releasing more
photons and boosting the signal. I am not sure what the effect of this on the
polarisation characteristics of the signal is but my *hunch* is that the
polarisation characteristics would be preserved in the amplified signal.
ps Any laser physicists in the house?

@_date: 1996-07-12 21:21:28
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: Irony on strong encryption in Australia 
Are you sure you have this right. I've just joined the EFA, and am concerned about this, but I can't find any such comment on the EFA site.
The relevant portion of the ABA document is as follows
"The ABA considers that users with particular requirements for privacy should be able to obtain advice from their service providers
on the use of encryption and the availability of suitable products to render messages unreadable by unauthorised persons."
This is hardly a huge burden and I would be surprised if the EFA objects
to it. I looked at their press release concerning the ABA report but saw
no mention of any problems with this "encryption advice" policy. Maybe
I'm looking in the wrong place?
Anyway, the main problem for the EFA at the moment is the "Son of CDA" currently being proposed by the NSW attorney-general.

@_date: 1996-07-13 16:49:37
@_author: Sherry Mayo 
@_subject: EFA attitude to crypto 
Just to clear up Rich Grave's comment regarding the Electronic
Frontiers Australia's attitude to crypto.
EFA did not object the the ABA's report and it's comment about
crypto. They did object to an earlier government report which
said that crypto should be *mandatory* - since turning people
into criminals for transmitting plaintext is just as daft as
turning them into criminals for transmitting encrypted text.
Hope this puts things straight.
