
@_date: 2000-12-19 09:03:23
@_author: Scot Scot 
@_subject: keyboard loggers. 
Alright... gotta get my two centz in here.
 out to Bill S... always good advice
I'm guessing that with santa's problem it is almost impossible to keep people from putting key loggers onto a system if they have physical access to them.
HPFS (Easy to beat)
NTFS (Easy to beat)
NTFS 5 (Easy to beat)
UFS (Easy to beat)
FAT (hahahahahhaha)
It's all risk assessment Santa. If you don't trust your elves ya gotta pull the floppy, Zip, CD-ROM etc... access.
Key loggers are easy to code and can be named whatever you call them. You could however write a simple program to look for all the executable files on your systems and the do a sum of the previous days results to see if there are any changes. Intrusion detection is key to picking this stuff up... its a process you engauge in. Not a capability you will be able to attain.
"It's all about the Pentium"
                         -Wierd Al
Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at

@_date: 2000-09-21 12:09:54
@_author: Scot Scot 
@_subject: CDR: Answer Re: email interception 
Here's the lowdown on e-mail interception.
E-mail is treated just like any other form of electronic communication. It is a privilage and not a constutitional right so it falls under:
Public Law 99-508
Electronic Communications Privacy Act
Updated Federal privacy clause in Omnibus Crime Control & Safe Streets Act of 1968
There are a few others of course, but these are the biggies that are brought up in the courts.
"It is LEGAL to intercept electronic communications readily accessible to the general public".
Now be careful with this... it is referring to frequencies that are public carriers as defined by the FCC. In a nutshell, you can not be prosecuted for recieving a private phone conversation over the lines of your speaker wires and/or another phone. Why? It was not intentional. Remember, everything legal depends on the scope of which the act was created and how the tool and/or weapon was used.
1. It is legal to use a hammer to drive nails into a board
2. It is legal to use a hammer to kill someone
3. It is illegal to use a hammer to kill someone
1. You are building a picnic table
2. You are defending yourself from another using a = or > weapon.
3. You are the agressor.
Remember this when intercepting electronic communication, ask yourself "in what scope am I recieving this signal" If there is no malacious intent, if you do not divulge the information you recieve and it is across a public carrier then, yes... it can be legal. However, if you go out of your way to modify a Radio Shack scanner to scan cell phone and local 900MHz frequencies... you can get yourself into a little trouble. That's why the FCC regulates the distrabution of such devices. Same thing goes for E-mail, if you accidently recieve someone elses e-mail, this was not done with malacious intent. You are not to divulge the information you recieve.
Sorry I'm getting a little long winded here, just one more thing to add.
The rules change however if it is in the workplace, but there are rules that the workplace has to follow. The catch is... Implied Consent and Express Implied consent: Message posted that indicates that their will be periodic electronic monitering and/or verbal warning that you may be monitored. (Can be a logon banner)
Express Consent: Explicit signed permission (company policies) granting the company-employer the right to monitor communications at their discression.
Remember, at work the equipment, property and the telephone lines do not belong to you. They belong to the company. If you own a business and/or are responsible for such monitoring... remember two things.
1. Get employees to sign a policy granting you Express Consent to monitor communications lines. Make it part of their in-process. Do not allow them access to your communicatoins equipment without signing the policy. Just remember to word it carefully, get the company lawyer in on the draft.
2. Never, Never, Never investigate an employee. Only a trained law enforcement officer can do an investigation. Remember... Statistical Gathering is the key.
Investigating = No
Statistical Gathering = Yes
Remember one thing about discussing anything in terms of law. Law is not written in stone. Laws are scripted to be generic, thats why we have lawyers who make $$$ for being able to bend the sight of law into something a Judge or Jury may see.
I hope I managed to answer your question Randy. If you have any thing you would like to add and/or more questions hit the RE:
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at

@_date: 2001-06-26 18:14:38
@_author: Scot 
@_subject: Rat Fucker Re: # Stock Market Info # 
I've decided not to accept your apology... and no, I won't excuse the
I hereby dub you a RatFucker you spamming piece of shit... you will pay the
standard penalty.
It's a shame but,,, ya gotta learn the hard way.
First I'm going to tell your dad.
Verio, Inc. (NET-VRIO-140-174)
   8005 South Chester Street
   Englewood, CO 80112
   US
   Netname: VRIO-140-174
   Netblock: 140.174.0.0 - 140.174.255.255
   Maintainer: VRIO
   Coordinator:
      Verio, Inc.  (VIA4-ORG-ARIN)  vipar at verio.net
      303.645.1900
Then I'm going to spank you...     140.174.2.1
Sooner or later you spammers will learn your lesson. Specially after daddy
gets out the whip.
----- Original Message -----
Sent: Tuesday, June 26, 2001 6:38 PM
may be for you.
immediate upward potential.
and they never bombard you will spam or junk.
month. To view their stellar track record please
feel free to register to receive their next "Emerging Stock Alert."
not receive any more mail from us, simply ignore this message. Thank you.
