
@_date: 2002-08-30 18:08:26
@_author: james sanchez 
@_subject: Cyberpunks: Seattle "Activist" Is Not an Innocent Webmaster 
Dear Eric:
Although I do not know you, I am replying to you heartfelt cry of sympathy
for James Ujaama, the "Seattle activist" you refer to below. I would preface
my comments by saying I support civil rights, privacy rights and internet
freedom of speech.
As for James Ujaama, he is not being held on charges related to his jejune
stopamerica.org website (which by the way mischaracterizes the Taliban as
supporting education for women: Taliban did not.)
Anyway: Ujaama is a black racial supremacist "Muslim" convert thug who
stockpiled arms, shook down drug-dealers with his "Muslim" extortion gang,
beat and brutalized and pistol-whipped real Muslims to gain control of a
Mosque, planned to poison the Seattle and Tacoma water supply systems,
worked with Semi Osman to collect intelligence on Navy POL stocks in the
Puget sound, tried to organize a terrorist training camp with London-based
Supporters of Shariah (SOS) in Oregon, supported the SOS "Ultimate Jihad
Challenge" website that recruited and trained pro-Al-Qaeda soldiers, hand
carried laptop computers to the Taliban/Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan (loaded with
images and maps of potential terrorist targets in Seattle), and, with his
cronies in Seattle, was involved in a chain of reported gang crimes
including shootings, beatings, death threats, etc. (there were surely many
more than were never reported).
Ujaama swore alliegence as a Jihadi to Abu Hamza Al Masri and Jamil Abdullah
Al-Amin. SOS boss Abu Hamza Al-Masri (convicted in absentia for terrorist
attacks in Yemen) is linked with (shoe-bomber) Richard Reid and Zacarias
Moussaoui; as well as with Jamil Abdullah Al-Amin (H.Rap Brown), the Atlanta
cop-killer. Al-Amin was also a key members of Al-Masri calls the "Jihad in
America" and recruited converts for terror groups including Lashkar-e-Taiba
(a Kashmiri Mujahideen group). (On the internet, it is still possible to
find the account of Shaheed Abu Adam, recruited by Al-Amin, transported by
Al-Masri, and who died a Shaheed in Kashmir.) When Al-Amin was arrested in
the copkilling case, Al-Masri noted, in his Al-Jihaad magazine, that Al-Amin
and the Jihadis like him would wage Jihad a against the United States until
the United States was destroyed or all the Jihadis had become Shaheeds
(martyrs). SOS and its ally Al-Muhajiroun supplied as many as 2000 British
nationals as soldiers to the Taliban, Al-Qaeda, Kashmiri Mujahideen, Chechen
Mujahideen, Kosovar Mujahideen, and Bosnian Mujahideen.
The silly little website, Stopamerica.org, has nothing to do with the actual
charges against Ujaama.
Oh, and Ujaama is not a real "well-known Seattle community activist": these
days, every Black gangster is deemed to be a "community activist". Ujaama is
an affirmative action golden boy, pampered and honored and government-funded
(even his business that illegally supplied computers to the Taliban appears
to have been government funded), and a beneficiary of the Black racist
solidarity that applauds anything that young Black men do: crimes, beatings,
extortion, firefights, even terrorism. But in spite of this he was a failure
at everything: at school, in each of his businesses. Even though he was
honored by the state proclaimed James Ujaama Day for being a "community
activist" without visible accomplishments, his twisted sense of entitlement,
cultivated by affirmative action, led him into conspiracies and fantasies of
destroying America and poisoning the water supply of Seattle.
If you want to defend civil rights, pick a different poster boy.
James Joseph Sanchez, PhD (Middle East Studies), MLS
P.S.--Having a Master's of Library Science, I oppose, as do all professional
librarian associations and every librarian I ever met, any reporting to the
police what books people read at libraries.
