
@_date: 1997-11-04 05:31:01
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Wrong. Exposure to pornography does not cause "brain damage" or "structural changes in the brain." That's like saying that holding up dirty pictures in front of an office building is going to cause "structural changes" in the building. Sure, a percentage of the little people inside looking out the windows are going to have a twisted little grin on their face, but holding up the pictures isn't going to compromise the integrity of the building structure. I'd like to know where you get your information, because it's false.

@_date: 1997-11-04 16:05:39
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: unknown_subject 
Let me set some facts straight. The idea in the paragraph above from Jodi Hoffman is quite contrary to the ideas held by Scientologists. The idea in the paragraph above has to do with the ideas held by the secular humanists and their attempts to explain human behaviour as having nothing to do with a will, but as just chemical reactions. Make sure you know exactly what ideas are held by a particular group before you attempt to denounce them. As Mark Twain once said, "First get your facts straight; then you can distort them."
FWIW, I heartily agree that Jodi probably "despises porn so much she's seeing red", which she has every right to do. However! She's quoting studies that are crocks, so her entire agrument is fallacious, as TruthMonger so eloquently pointed out. :)

@_date: 1997-11-08 17:08:22
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Totally breakable V(aporware) M(oney-making) E(ncryption) 
I just finished reading the contents of the VME web-site. I have a few things to say. :)
First of all the web-site blows elephant cock. You would think with guys smart enough to come up with "unbreakable encryption", they would at least be able to design a good site.
Second, they make a big deal about how fast it is and how it can encrypt *ONE WHOLE FAT MEGABYTE A MINUTE*! Big whoop. Hope nobody wants to encrypt anything useful besides teensy weensy e-mails, 'cause you're gonna grow old before it finishes encrypting.
Third, what the hell good is it if nobody can see the source code? It's well known that a trademark of bad cryptographic systems are the ones that rely on secrecy of the algorithm. Some happy little geek in his college computer lab is going to spend the time needed to reverse engineer the program, which they claim is "impossible to reverse engineer". Well, they didn't say it was "impossible", but they did say that the code is so complicated that nobody would be able to understand it if they ever did reverse engineer it. Bullshit. I know a 15 year old kid who actually has the patience to go through a few thousand lines of assembly code just to see what a program really Fourth, as someone else pointed out, the description of the algorithm is filled with words like "revolutionary" and "super-fast", etc. The descriptions of how the program works are so vague and general that it hards to believe they even have a running program. The description of the encryption sounds all very pretty, but I seriously wonder if that's the extent of the security. Almost like having a gold plated sign on your door saying "Keep out!" and then leaving your door unlocked. Fifth, their "challenge" to these major corportions merely states that they gave IBM, MS, and Netscape this big challenge to crack the system, but it never actually says the companies took up the offer and are actively trying to crack it. How's this one? "Microsoft, Netscape, and IBM!! I challenge you to crack my version of the Caesar Cipher!" There. I can now claim that I have challenged all the big corps to crack my crypto scheme. Challenging a big company doesn't prove a thing.
Anyway, that's my rant and rave. Just as a small side note, if you would like to see some good examples of Madison Avenue at work then just visit this web-site:

@_date: 1997-11-14 14:28:48
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Microsoft Addresses Justice Department Accusations 
Microsoft Addresses Justice Department Accusations
REDMOND, Wash. -- Oct. 21, 1997 -- In direct response to accusations made by the Department of Justice, Microsoft Corporation announced today it will be acquiring the Federal Government of the United States of America for an undisclosed sum. "It's actually a logical extension of our growth," said Microsoft chairman and CEO Bill Gates. "It's a positive arrangement for everyone."
Microsoft representatives held a briefing at the Oval Office with US
President Bill Clinton, and assured members of the press that changes to US Government policy will be "minimal." The United States will be managed as a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft Corp. An initial public offering is planned for July 4 of next year, and the Federal Government is expected to be profitable by 1999, according to Microsoft president Steve Ballmer.
In a related announcement, President Bill Clinton stated that he had
"willingly and enthusiastically" accepted a position as vice president of USA Operations with Microsoft, and will continue to manage the United States government, reporting directly to Microsoft chairman and CEO Bill Gates. When asked how it felt to give up the mantle of executive authority, Clinton smiled and referred to it as "a relief." He went on to say that Gates has a "proven track record," and that US citizens should offer Gates their "full support and In his new role at Microsoft, Clinton will reportedly be earning several times the $200,000 annually he currently earns as US president. Gates dismissed a rumor that the US Capitol be moved to Redmond as "silly," though he did say he would make executive decisions for the US government from his existing office at Microsoft Gates did say, however, that the US House and Senate would "of course" be abolished. "Microsoft isn't a democracy," Gates said, "yet look how well we're doing." When asked if the rumored attendant acquisition of Canada was proceeding, Gates would only say that Microsoft doesn't comment on unannounced products.
Microsoft representatives closed the conference by stating that United
States citizens will be able to expect lower taxes, increases in
government services, discounts on all Microsoft products, and the
immediate arrest of all executive officials of Sun Microsystems Inc. and Netscape Corp.
About Microsoft - Founded in 1975, Microsoft (NASDAQ "MSFT") is the
worldwide leader in software for personal computers, and democratic
government. The company offers a wide range of products and services for public, business and personal use, each designed with the mission of making it easier and more enjoyable for people to take advantage of the full power of personal computing and mostly free society every day. About the United States - Founded in 1776, the United States of America is the most successful nation n the history of the world, and has been a beacon of democracy and opportunity for over 200 years. Headquartered in Washington, DC, the United States is a wholly owned subsidiary of Microsoft Corporation.
"The United States of America" and "Microsoft" are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation.

@_date: 1997-10-13 16:28:29
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Encryption Program 
Hello. I just posted an encryption program on the web. It uses a key-
generated pseudorandom stream of characters that get XORed with the plaintext to produce the cyphertext. For decryption, the same stream is run against the cyphertext. (Such is the nature of the XOR operation.) You can download the program at:
I am interested in other people's views, comments, questions, etc. on this program. Any questions, comments, etc. can be sent to me at "semprini at theschool.com".

@_date: 1997-10-15 05:14:57
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Encyrption Program 
This is in response to the several posts regarding the assumed     While it is true that PRNG's are not very good, because of the inherent lattice structure, I believe I found a way around that problem. To work around the lattice problem, I used a systm of cubic arrays. The program first creates sixteen cubic arrays, and fills them one space at a time with random characters. When the stream of characters to be XORed with the plaintext is generated, it picks a random cube and a random location with that cube. The resulting "random" character is then XORed with the appropriate character of the plaintext. If someone can prove to me that this method is stupid or easily breakable, I would actually be happy. So, those of you bent on proving that I'm wrong, I heartily encourage you to do so. As I mentioned before, you can download both the compiled version *and* the source at " If you are having trouble reaching that site, e-mail me and I will send you a copy via e-mail.
    Thank you for your interest and criticisms. They have been

@_date: 1997-10-20 15:19:31
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: One-Way Functions 
I've read tons about how DES, PGP, and all of those programs use a one-way function involves the difficulty of factoring out numbers. Are there other one-way functions?

@_date: 1997-10-24 13:31:52
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Spoofing 
I don't think I'm out of line here in saying that all this spoofing of other users is a bit childish. I'm sure there are better things one could find to do with one's time. (Possibly work on cracking RSA's 128- bit key?)

@_date: 1997-10-26 02:28:49
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Elliptic Curves 
Can anyone point me to some good documentation on elliptic curves as applies to cryptography? I'm interested in finding some good documentation from which I would be able to learn how to use elliptic curves in creating a public/private key system. I have mainly been studying symmetric systems and would like to move on to asymmetric systems. Any help would be appreciated.

@_date: 1997-10-26 10:01:07
@_author: semprini at theschool.com 
@_subject: Elliptic Curves 
I found good online documentation. No need for further help. Just as a side note: TruthMonger's command of the English language is incredible. :)

@_date: 1997-10-26 12:33:19
@_author: Dylan N. Vitt 
@_subject: Elliptic Curves 
A good explanation of elliptic curves, their application, etc. can be found at I found this site was mislinked in numerous places as  for those of you with web-sites having links to this site.
