
@_date: 2003-08-02 22:21:45
@_author: Jay Sexpot Sulzberger 
@_subject: Sunday 3 August 2003 Three Jewels Free Software Workshop: Install Fest and Five Lines in Three Files 
Sunday 3 August 2003 there will be an Install Fest and Talk at
Three Jewels Refuge and Free Internet Cafe
211 East 5th Street
east of Third Avenue
Island of the Manahattoes
Subway: Eighth Street stop on the N, R, sometimes W, lines; Astor Place on
the 6 line; Third Avenue on the crosstown L line; Lower East Side-Second
Avenue-Houston Street on the F, V lines
Note that some of these lines may not be running right this weekend.
The Fest will start at 3:00 pm and run until 9:00 pm.
At 7:00 pm there will a short talk followed by discussion.  The title of
the talk is Five Lines in Three Files.
This meeting is free and open to the public.
There are certain rules which will be strictly observed:
1. No meat eating inside the Refuge.
2. No personal abuse.
Every member of every free software org, tribe, drinking club, and family,
is invited, without prejudice, without fear, and without favor.
Newcomers are particularly invited.  Come down and join us, even if you
bring no hardware.
Likely we will have enough electric power strips and cables, but bring
extras if you wish.  CDs, DVDs, tapes, wax cylinders, quipus, memorable
stanzas, black cubes, etc. of your favorite operating systems and software
are welcome.  See below about management of stuff you bring with you.
Please read the appended standard blurb about Install Fests before you come
down, if you hope to get stuff installed.
Jonas Arnaldo and Kevin Mark and Jay Sulzberger will be available to answer
any questions we may.
In the next month we will likely have special meetings dealing with:
1. Lisp and RoboCup, 2. Introduction to network security, special emphasis on time series
analysis and key management
3. How to buy parts and assemble a computer well suited to run a Free *n*x
We thank the Three Jewels, LXNY, and GNUbies for their generous help in
making this Fest possible, and we thank the Three Jewels for hosting this
Workshop, and Sunday Workshops to come, Sundays of Free Software in
New York City.
Jay Sulzberger Corresponding Secretary LXNY
LXNY is New York's Free Computing Organization.
Here is general information about Install Fests:
Hardware:  Bring the boxes on which you wish to run a Free OS.
Software:  Bring whatever distribution CDs, boot and rescue disks, boot
           managers, tiny distributions, manuals, and anything else you
           want.
Important: Everything done to/with any computer at any Install Fest,
           and in particular, at this Install Fest, is done at the
           specific request of the owner of the computer.  As with
           all human endeavor, there is some risk of catastrophe.
           Back up all your data, before coming to the Fest!  In addition,
           make a list of all hardware and media you bring to the Fest,
           and check that you have all your hardware and media when you
           leave the Fest.
Useful reading:
The LDP hardware HOW-TO:
Linux pre-install checklist:
Linux post-install mini-checklist:
