
@_date: 2000-12-14 18:44:45
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: nambla 
sea of babies, abortion and infant sacrifice to the devil. You will burn
in the presence of the HOLY Angels.  The seals are opened.  PREPARE FOR
YOUR DESTRUCTION
NATIONS OF THE EARTH
TPHARET HOD JESAITH; BAHANDO HELESLOIR DEALZAT
Old McCamael had a curse,
I'm trying to figure out the relationship in ol' Cornhole's mind between
Nambla and abortion. I'd think that Nambla would oppose aborting male
fetuses, at least, because in five or six years those fetuses will grow
into sex puppets.
Maybe Cornhole was unsuccessfully "partial-birth" aborted: they sucked
out his brain but he lived anyway.

@_date: 2000-11-05 20:18:34
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Here's an interesting twist on gun control ... 
I'm not sure it would be unconstitutional for the federal gov't to pass
such a law, unless you rely on the widely-ignored 10th Amendment. (The
Federal gov't has only those powers specifically granted to it by the
Constitution; clearly we, in these enlightened times, need no such
constraints on the operations of our benevolent Big Brother.) (And that
was sarcasm, for Tim and the other sarcasm-impaired.)
The supremes have decided, in their wisdom, that the amendments to the
federal constitution apply to the states as well. Thus, the 1st
amendment prohibits states as well as the feds from regulating speech.
No, I agree with Tim, they need killing. I'd put them on the list, but
below the gun grabbers. No one says the list can't be prioritized.
I suppose it's possible that they were simply making a point, with the
collusion of the vast majority of their residents.
Heh, not likely to be true. Most or all "public figure" gun grabbers
seem to have bodyguards, or special dispensation to carry handguns
because of the risks inherent to being a public figure, or whatever.
Politicians, of course, are not to be held to the same standards as the
little people. In NYC, a fair number of actors and such are able to get
the almost-impossible-for-the-common-swine carry permits, for themselves
or their associates. I saw a list a couple of years ago, and, no, I
don't have a cite. Same for Los Angeles. Need it be pointed out that
many of these actors use their fame to rail against the proliferation of
In the late 80's, IIRC, a famously anti-gun columnist from Chicago,
IIRC, Carl Rowen, IIRC, was found with an unlicensed pistol; he'd heard
a late-night disturbance outside his apartment, went outside with gun in
hand, and was caught by the cops. He at least had the limited grace to
write a column describing the incident and stating that his
pubicly-stated position might not be entirely consistent with what he
felt was best for himself.

@_date: 2000-11-29 19:27:18
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Authenticate the "adult field", go to jail... 
Not a good comparison. The nation-states which issue the currency are
also the nation-states which make the laws and have (or attempt to have)
a monopoly on guns.
How well are or were private currencies insulated from legal action?
Say, in 19th-century United States?

@_date: 2000-10-02 22:20:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: US crypto on classified info 
Yep, for the higher-classified material, anyway.
And having said that, I'm going to have to weasel out. I don't remember
what I can talk about and what's classified. Sorry for my bad memory.
SRF, former Captain, MI, US Army

@_date: 2000-10-02 22:48:17
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: one time pad and random num gen 
Isn't a good definition of a cryptographically-strong PRNG that even if
you know bits 1..I-1, you still don't know anything about bit I? (Unless
you know the internal state of the PRNG, of course.) A c-strong PRNG
shouldn't be susceptible to any currently known analyses.
Perhaps that's just a theoretical definition, and no existant PRNGs come
close. But I thought some good ones were out there.

@_date: 2000-10-02 22:59:49
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Anonymous Remailers 
Does anyone have any suggestions for setting up an anonymous remailer? I
found a FAQ from a "Cypherpunks Home Page" mirror, but that's from
_1993_! I assume there's more recent work out there somewhere, but I
didn't see anything on Google or Packetstorm, nor mentioned in Phrack or
some other zines.
I'd like a HOWTO, suggesting software to use and how to set it up. I'm
pretty clueless as to what would be needed, but I have a FreeBSD box and
a DSL line with no usage restrictions. If need be I can set up another
box, dedicated to this purpose. I should have the means once I get
whapped with a cluestick.
I'd also like discussions of real-world problems that people have found.
What kind of things cause you to think about shutting down your
remailer? Technical abuse, legal difficulties, or what?

@_date: 2000-10-03 00:51:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
Quite a reasonable answer in today's America. But how much of your
answer is supposition based on the general climate and how much is
actual cases? If a remailer accepts all comers, with no filtering of
content, can he claim common carrier exemption from liability, or has
that been taken away for the chiiiildren?
In my case, I already have the hardware and DSL line, so the physical
cost might be a little extra electricity. No funding is necessary unless
the usage is so high that my ISP bitches at me. Personal time involved
in maintaining the system will, I hope, be low; if it's more than
negligible I won't be able to do it. I can see the sense of running the
plan past a lawyer, but why would there be a continuing expense in this

@_date: 2000-10-03 02:23:03
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Niiice kitty.... 
But if Chomsky were in the habit of making up or "massaging" quotes,
perhaps he wouldn't give full reference information even for real
quotes. That way, when he did make up a quote, the lack of full cite
wouldn't count as a datum supporting the "made up" hypothesis.
Double-thinkingly yours,

@_date: 2000-10-03 17:46:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Why not just read the first 20 bytes of the body? If 90% or more aren't
printable ASCII assume the message is encrypted.

@_date: 2000-10-03 18:22:47
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Anonymous Remailers cpunk 
Perhaps we're talking at cross purposes. This subthread came along
because some people have noticed that anonymous remailers are used for
an awful lot of spam. Peter Trei proposed that remailers could pass
along only encrypted mail. My understanding was that Alice, the
message's author, would encrypt the message with Bob's public key; Bob
is the end recipient: a person or a mailing list or whatever. Alice
would send the message through Ramona, the anonymous remailer. Ramona is
requiring that messages be encrypted as a means of filtering out spam.
Ramona does not need to know Bob's public or private keys; Ramona cares
only that the message is encrypted.
I'm assuming there's a way to tell with minimal difficulty if a message
is encrypted, without relying on an easily-spoofed X header line.
Perhaps someone who knows more about all of the many message protocols
can weigh in here.
You could uuencode your original message before encrypting it. You're
right, there could be a problem if one of the boxes in the chain handled
only 7 bits. Is that a realistic problem anymore? (That was a serious
question, not a dig.)
This would be an additional service for the recipients, filtering out
probable spam. It might be a minor inconvenience for Alice. On a
message-by-message basis it could be a minor inconvenience for Bob, but
if Bob had been receiving a lot of spam through the remailer it'd be a
neg gain. It'd be a huge inconvenience for Sue, the spammer, as

@_date: 2000-10-05 09:32:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
Spam seems the best best.
Sometimes you get the same spam message multiple times, each message
identical except for the munged return address. You can use that address
to encode a few bytes per message. Send the same message ten times and
you have enough of a channel for a short message. Maybe you could boost
the information per message by doing the same trick with a header line.

@_date: 2000-10-05 22:02:23
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: VP debate drinking game 
And if they say "for the children" you finish the bottle.

@_date: 2000-10-07 13:42:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Niiice kitty.... 
No, no, no. To judge by the list traffic, Cypherpunks don't write code.
Cypherpunks don't make maximal use of the tools they have. Cypherpunks
complain endlessly and engage in flamewars. I'm afraid your post was

@_date: 2000-10-07 14:41:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Niiice kitty.... 
I meant it as a joke, not really a cheap shot. The paucity of emotive
grammatical structures in English obscured that. (Let's hear it for
Lojban, the clear choice for a universal human language!)
 Oog. c-punks is the major filler of my inbox. Maybe I
just need to subscribe to more mailing lists to lower the percentage
That's clear enough. I don't think the 80% is right, though if you
disregard the obvious trolls and spam you probably nailed it.
A lot of the posts aren't especially related to the technology, use, or
politics of crypto, but are of interest to people of a c-punkish
mindset. No objection to those. My only real objection to the list
traffic is the inconsistency of some of the regular posters. If Joe
Smegface posts nothing but garbage, he's easy to filter. If he posts
about 85% garbage but 15% really good stuff, I don't want to filter him
because the 15% is worth it. The problem is the time and aggrevation
involved in identifying and discarding the 85%.
Agreed. Coderpunks is good for the code aspect, cypherpunks for
all-round issues.

@_date: 2000-10-07 16:54:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: stego for the censored 
Not good enough, I'm afraid. As Tim said, if the authorities in an
authoritarian regime _suspect_ secrets are being passed they have
"probable cause" to break out the jumper cables. Unless the holder of an
incomplete secret is willing to spill his guts literally rather than
figuratively, his group doesn't benefit from a secret which can be
detected but not read.

@_date: 2000-10-08 02:39:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: How the Feds will try to ban strong anonymity 
Routinely monitor communications lines. Allow unlimited data collection
for traffic analysis.
Allow monitoring of content. Make the use of crypto prima facie evidence
of criminal intent. (Begin a public awareness campaign comparing having
crypto on your computer to walking around a parking lot with a
slim-jim.) Allow seizure of hardware or black bag bugging. To show we're
tough on cyber-criminals, we'll allow it without a judge's signature.
This hits a lot more than anonymity, of course, but it's for the
Require ISPs to get a license to operate. Terms can be set arbitrarily
high. (Bonus points if you make them pay for the monitoring hardware,
software, and governmental labor.)
Require (though allowing might be enough) telcos to place limits on the
kind of traffic that may pass over their wires. If a block doesn't have
full headers identifying source and destination (both of which must be
registered with some, uh, registry) it can't pass.
Mandate IPv6, with the embedded MAC address or whatever they were going
to put in it.
Processor IDs, a la P-III, which must be encoded in all sorts of
Don't allow unsigned email; require that all internet users get a
signing certificate from the Post Office, which of course can tie certs
to computer IDs, TrueNames, and land address.
In general, look at what China is doing. Britain and Russia, too.
About a year ago I put some work into a book, _Crashing the Web_
(working title, of course). It focused on governmental or corporate
options to kill the Wild Wild West. I abandoned the book around December
when someone, I forgot who, came out with a book covering much of the
same ground. I might be able to resurrect some of my notes and early
drafts, but they were probably lost to my boneheaded drive wipe six
months ago. (Yes, I make backups. Yes, I encrypt my backups. No, I don't
necessarily remember the passwords. Yes, I'm a retard.) Drop me a line
if you'd like me to rummage around.
Thanks a lot. I was about to go to bed, and now I'll have Big Brotherish

@_date: 2000-10-10 18:23:25
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi 
I was thinking the same thing. The five most secure algorithms in the
world don't do any good if the passwords are on a post-it on the
monitor. I really like Sunder's .sig about passwords and underwear; too
bad a lot of users don't follow that advice.

@_date: 2000-10-11 00:27:42
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Burglar Politics, Tempesting PC's that watch TV and DVD regions 
Cables are a problem, too. Video signals from a fully-shielded computer
connected to a fully-shielded monitor by a regular, unshielded cable can
be read. Effective snooping distance goes down, though I don't remember
by what factor.

@_date: 2000-10-11 21:54:42
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Multi-part security solutions (Was: Re: Rijndael & Hitachi) 
I like where you're coming from, but there's one nit:
Their sphincters would probably release at some point. You still need
Scotchguard, or whatever replaced it.
Other than that, great ideas.

@_date: 2000-10-11 23:54:10
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Gov. Bush links Columbine massacre to Internet use 
I don't recall hearing that the football team was influenced by the
Internet or the rest.

@_date: 2000-10-12 09:25:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New OLD cryptograph patent for NSA 
The inventor worked for the NSA (or, rather NSA's predecessors) and the
inventions were classified "for national security". In other words, it's
for the chiiiildren.

@_date: 2000-10-16 23:53:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
We must now convene the Cypherpunks Repulsive Activities Panel to
evaluate Mr. Saper's fitness not only to read the Cypherpunks list but
to have an Internet presense at all.
Not recognizing a Monty Python sketch?! The mind wobbles.

@_date: 2000-10-18 16:34:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
I'll kick you right square in the nuts if Robert Hettinga doesn't beat
me to it.
Governmental tie-ins to money are largely the case now, but as anonymity
and pseudonymity gain wider currency (pun intended), we'll see more
private money with no relationship to Men with Guns. Or so I fervently
hope and believe.
(My first statement was a rhetorical device, not a direct threat.
Disclaimers, waivers, blahblahblah.)

@_date: 2000-10-18 16:39:55
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Data point: My mom is a deputy working as a county jail guard in upstate
New York. New inmates are kept in isolation for a few days. They get a
TB tine test as soon as the nurse gets to them, usually about a day,
then stay in isolation for three more days until the test is done. They
also have a medical history screen, but that's just paperwork. Blood is
not drawn as part of in-processing. Female inmates also get a pregnancy
test, but that's pure butt-covering; some NY county recently had legal
trouble because a preggo wasn't identified; details unknown to me.

@_date: 2000-10-18 18:26:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Anonymity comes into play because the Men With Guns won't like
competition. If they can't find the bankers, they can't
enjoin/arrest/shoot them.

@_date: 2000-10-18 21:42:45
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Well, you came to the right place. Most of the posters on c-punks reject
the notions of statism, redistributionism, and forced commercial
compliance, and despise and lambaste those who hold them. If you don't
have a thick skin, you might as well pull out now.
Ignorance on crypto can be cured, if you have the brains to follow light
math and protocols. I recommend _Applied Cryptography_ by Bruce Scheier
for protocols, cyphers, and the like. Naivete is more problematic, as it
often involves dearly-held notions. To bring the topic back to
particulars (ie, you), you are going to have to dump some notions of how
things "should" work. As Tim says, "Wait until you finally grasp the
full implications of crypto anarchy." Some aspects of contemporary
American life will not work in a world of widespread, strong crypto. See
many of the recent posts for examples.

@_date: 2000-10-18 23:38:18
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
At most, an insurance company would have some information Bob didn't
have. Bob could reasonably demand a copy of the results of his DNA test.
If the insurance company refused, he could shop elsewhere. Or
self-insure, as many of us choose to do.
If they're Americans, they've probably been socialistized by the public
school system. In addition to the inculcation of a belief system the
public schools seem to actively discourage critical thought and the use
of, gasp, shudder, numerical data. (I'm speaking in broad terms, of
course; there are many isolated exceptions.)
Not that I don't contemn the ignorant. An adult must take responsibility
for his education, no matter how badly mangled it was during his
You've probably noticed, Tim, that most of those who claim a right to
affordable insurance are those who expect to _need_ a lot of insurance
benefits. I'm not sure that those people realize it themselves, even
when it's pointed out to them. (That may simply reflect on my skill at
oratory, but I should think that a huge collection of data points speaks
for itself.)
I concluded long ago that medical insurance is a bad idea for society.
It encourages irresponsible behavior to the extent that prices are
spread to other people. And of course attempting to adjust premiums
based on expectation of irresponsible behavior in well on its way to
being labeled a crime against humanity.
Or Hillaryomics. Oh, wait, you already excluded Marxist economics.

@_date: 2000-10-19 00:26:25
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Yep, I wrote carelessly. I _said_ "demand" but I _meant_ that Bob would
refuse to deal with the insurance company unless they share what they
find. And I'm not so confident that the insurance company would be
paying for the test, as you suggested in your (snipped) scenario. I have
no experience with insurance plans which required you to get a physical
before they take you on; I've always had HMOs (or self insurance) since
I left the military. Who normally paid for the exams?
Plus the overhead and profits of the insurance company. I've stumped
several insurance salesmen, who claimed that I'd be saving money by
going with them, by asking how the total costs would go down if salesmen
and executives and other non-medical drones are getting paid. And the
wasted staff time in the doctors' office, filling out the five hundred
distinct insurance forms, contrasted with taking a handful of 20s and
giving me a receipt. No satisfactory answer in a couple dozen
The tax code in the US is the only thing which makes medical insurance
cost less to consumers than self insurance. This is an argument, as if
another were needed, against the five million page federal tax code, or
whatever it's up to now.

@_date: 2000-10-19 01:02:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Hand-waving. Get some numbers and crunch them. (No, I don't have them at
hand, either, but I'm not making claims about the ability of any
corporation to profit under any arbitrary rules I wish to set.)
This is the only thing you've written with which I agree. But it's an
argument for _less_ government intervention rather than more.
Eh? I've been uninsured for maybe half of my adult life. On such
occasions as I need medical care, I simply pay for it. Cash or check,
they'll take it all.
Of course you said "coverage", not "care", but the alleged problem is
that people can't get medical _care_. Who cares if they have _coverage_,
so long as their medical needs are taken care of?
As I wrote before (like, a couple of hours ago), most of the people who
insist on a right to "affordable" medical insurance seem to expect to
get a lot more out of the insurance company than they put into it. They
should just be honest and go on welfare if they're looking for a
handout, rather than attempt to claim the moral high ground.

@_date: 2000-10-19 01:23:19
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
General Electric's Power Systems division is very profitable. Should it
start giving away its stock in trade to poor nations which "need" an
electric generation plant, regardless of the nation's prior
mismanagement which led to its inability to pay?
Bull. The overweight still get coverage.
In re b), Bob won't be denied health _care_, regardless of his genetic
abnormalities or actual medical history, provided that he pays for it.
Also, food and medical coverage are apples and oranges, to torture a
metaphor. There is an upper limit to what people spend on food, even
given unlimited resources. There seems to be _no_ upper limit on what
people will spend on medical care. This is exacerbated when costs are
In re c), what, you've never heard of free clinics? Hell, I've donated
piles (in terms of my net worth) of cash to clinics, on the premise that
helping to control VD will have a societal benefit in excess of many
other uses of the money. For that matter, when my son was born I noticed
that I had been assessed about $400 to help cover the medical costs of
the indigent. (Which pissed me off, since I wasn't notified beforehand
that the hospital would do that, nor given a chance to opt out, but
that's another topic.)
Wow, you haven't been reading c-punks long. If Tim makes a personal
attack on you, it'll usually involve an observation that you should be
I would say that Tim's comment, above, is more an observation than an
attack. I agree with him completely, except that he doesn't go far

@_date: 2000-10-19 02:30:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Most of the genetic factors against which insurance companies _might_
discriminate are predispositions. The factors _tend_ to make one _more
susceptible_ to heart blow-outs, for instance.
Where do you draw the line between factors which the prospective insured
can control and those he cannot? If all of your grandparents died of
lung cancer, was it because they had a genetic flaw, because they smoked
three packs a day, because they lived near a coal mine, or some
combination of the above? How much responsibility for their deaths
should they shoulder?
I'm strongly suspicious of any statement that contains "It just seems
that". Every discipline from engineering to economics shows time and
again that the "obvious" conclusions are often wrong. Usually wrong, I
suspect, but I don't have numbers to back that up. In the absense of regulation, an insurance company could form by putting
a pile of money in escrow and getting some customers. Yes, the practical
need for a pile of money would shut out most people, but it would be a
lower barrier than the current regulatory mess. In a free market the
encrusting infrastructure could be blown away in one step by a single
The individual purchasing insurance is (a) betting that he'll have needs
which cause him to draw out more than he put in, (b) concealing
information from the insurer such that he _knows_ he'll be drawing out
more than he put it, or (c) wanting or needing catastrophic coverage
even though he expects to put in more than he takes out.
Company-provided plans are a whole 'nother matter; ignore them for now.
coverage for a given malady times the expected likelihood of that
malady) had better be lower than the sum of the premiums paid, or they
won't stay in business long. Forcing an insurer to accept an
expected-high-cost customer at an "affordable" premium either drives up
the premiums for everyone, causes a reduction in services for everyone
(or a particular subgroup, but that would probably cause more trouble in
the long run), or eats into insurer's bottom line. One
expected-high-cost customer wouldn't break the insurer, but there's
never just one.
By the way, you don't need to email a private copy of messages you send
to a mailing list. This isn't Usenet. The private copy and the list copy
usually arrive within minutes of each other.

@_date: 2000-10-19 03:47:25
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
Something seems to have gone wrong in transmission. The paragraph near
the end which starts:
should read:
coverage for a given malady times the expected likelihood of that
malady) had better be lower than the sum of the premiums paid, or they
won't stay in business long. Forcing an insurer to accept an
expected-high-cost customer at an "affordable" premium either drives up
the premiums for everyone, causes a reduction in services for everyone
(or a particular subgroup, but that would probably cause more trouble in
the long run), or eats into insurer's bottom line. One
expected-high-cost customer wouldn't break the insurer, but there's
never just one.

@_date: 2000-10-19 03:56:34
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: why should it be trusted? 
OK, this isn't funny anymore. Netscape Communicator 4.51 for FreeBSD or
Linux or whatever seems to have a repeatable flaw.
That paragraph was supposed to be (breaking lines differently to see
what that changes)
the sum of (the expected cost of
coverage for a given malady times the expected likelihood of that
malady) had better be lower than the sum of the premiums paid, or they
won't stay in business long. Forcing an insurer to accept an
expected-high-cost customer at an "affordable" premium either drives up
the premiums for everyone, causes a reduction in services for everyone
(or a particular subgroup, but that would probably cause more trouble in
the long run), or eats into insurer's bottom line. One
expected-high-cost customer wouldn't break the insurer, but there's
never just one.

@_date: 2000-09-03 15:30:52
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: RC4 source as a literate program 
Yah, Judge Gwin appears pretty clueless here.
And don't forget how the PGP source code was exported: printed using
a special font, then carried to Europe, then scanned and OCR'd. An
awful lot of wasted effort, for no gain in the US's national security.
By the way, you got your aphorism wrong. It's "The law is a ass"; Mr.
Bumble in Charles Dickins' _Oliver Twist_. Mr. Bumble was pretty much
"a" ass himself, so I'm not sure that quoting him conveys quite the
message that is usually intended.

@_date: 2000-09-04 16:01:47
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: about this list, and a poor man's crypto 
Don't let the doorknob hit you in the ass on the way out.
That being said, you make some points worth addressing.
True, both parts. However, it seems that the majority of the regular
posters are American, and naturally are concerned about American
issues. Also, like it or not, the US is the behemoth of today's world,
and American regulations on crypto or the Internet will have an impact
on the rest of the world.
Uh, ok, thanks for sharing.
Most unmoderated Usenet groups and mailing lists have a sizeable share
of "chatting" between participants. It's a fact of life. You can put
up with it, address it intelligently with filters or other means,
whine about it, or leave.
Coderpunks is a mailing list devoted to programming issues around
crypto. It has much less chatting and other cruft. See the archive at
Subscribe to the list via a "subscribe coderpunks" message to
majordomo at toad.com
By the way, I don't recall having seen any on-topic posts from you.
Did you do anything to improve the signal-to-noise ratio on c-punks,
or did you just complain about it?
That annoys many of the regular participants, too, as you might note
from reading the traffic regularly.
You might try reading c-punks on That'll let you read the traffic on threads that interest you without
being bothered by threads that don't.

@_date: 2000-09-04 16:38:36
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Treatment of subjugated people (and bagpipes) 
cf my remarks and questions on the use of Lojban for a personal log.
Lojban is an artificial language with a user base of several hundred.
I started a thread in mid-July. The consensus, from this list and some
law-oriented newsgroups, is that you can't be forced to translate a
journal written in a non-English language. Possibly you can't even be
forced to identify the language it's written in.
The matter of whether you can be forced to either decrypt encrypted
files or to provide the key is more confused: I got approximately
equal numbers of responses saying you can't be forced to decrypt and
saying you can be so forced.
I have not run either of those questions past lawyers that I've paid,
so the responses may be worth no more than I paid for them.

@_date: 2000-09-07 19:00:31
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: membership 
Sorry, the National Association of Marlon Brando Look-Alikes has
closed its membership for the year. Next year's open call for recruits
will be in April, location to be determined.

@_date: 2000-09-09 14:46:40
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: GA-CAT-CA 
Potentially even more infringing on rights, though, at least in the
US. We have the 2nd Amendment, which keeps some of the police
state behavior at bay. I can't think, offhand, of any provision in the
US Constitution which would prevent City Hall from mandating a hair
sample from every pet. New York constitution neither, though that's so
cumbersome and poorly organized that there might be something tucked

@_date: 2000-09-09 15:02:09
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: StoN, Diffie-Hellman, other junk.. 
You're supposed to play it for me.
Was that a personal note to Bill Stewart, or did my mail server

@_date: 2000-09-13 13:19:38
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
For my first year of law school I'm taking Contracts, Criminal Law,
Legal Writing, and Torts. The books for the first three subjects aren't
too bad from a "lawyers are scum" perspective, but both of my torts
books had me screaming within twenty pages. In one, the authors argue
for greatly increasing the scope of tort offenses and reducing the
permissible defenses [1]. As if the US doesn't have enough frivolous
and nonsensical lawsuits. In the other, on page 3 yet, the authors
argue that if someone is injured such that he can no longer work,
_someone_ should be held financially liable because society has lost
the first person's wages [2]. That seems just half a step from saying
that the people are the property of the state. Maybe I'm reading too
much into poorly-phrased paragraphs, but I haven't seen anything in
either book to contradict the bad impression.
[1] _Understanding Torts_, Diamond, Levine, and Madden, Matthew
[2] _Torts and Compensation_ 3rd ed, Dobbs and Hayden, West
See  for a jaundiced view of the legal
system. The site editor, Walter Olsen, has particular "issues" with
plaintiff's lawyers.

@_date: 2000-09-13 14:52:56
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: And you thought Nazi agitprop was controversial? 
I make my living as a programmer, and plan to continue to do so.
I want a law degree to help defend techies and free software projects
from big-bucks corps and govts who feel threatened or avaricious over
some aspect of the free projects. I'm attempting to help in some
prior-restraint-on-crypto cases now, on the tech side, and would have
liked to be able to help on the legal side. After I have a year of
school under my belt, I'll see if EFF or the like can use some
untrained assistance.
That's the case all over the US, isn't it? But you're right, the Bay
Area seems to have more than its share. Look on the bright side: the
lawyers will probably manage to kill the Silicon Valley boom in a few
more years, the boom will go elsewhere, and the lawyers will follow.
I like "loser pays", too. Interesting that various associations of
trial lawyers contribute big bucks to kill loser pays, all the while
sanctimoniously declaiming that they're only looking out for the
interests of Sally Mae, who was rendered sterile at age 53 by a
chemical spill two hundred miles away. See
 (not for Sally Mae;
I just made that up).

@_date: 2000-09-13 18:17:26
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lee Free - Judge Apologizes For Government's Conduct 
For once, I am even harsher than Tim, or at least what Tim wrote.
FBI and other agents admitted to making "misleading" statements in
their arguments to keep Mr Lee in jail. Every goverment employee
involved in "misleading" statements, pressure on Lee's family and
friends, and supression of exculpatory evidence should be immediately
jailed and held in solitary confinement for some multiple of the time
Lee was held.
Those who would monitor and control our behaviour should be held to
higher standards than those they would control.

@_date: 2000-09-13 22:51:23
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: New World Coffee Disparagement Sites to be Shutdown? 
Now, now, not every judge who commits fatuum judicium is incompetent.
Some are corrupt.

@_date: 2000-09-20 19:26:37
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: would it be so much to ask.. 
Call me a moron, but what do you mean here? I had figured that "A.
Melon" was the nym of one individual, "Nomen Nescio" was the nym of one,
probably other, individual, and so on. Are "A Melon" etc group nyms,
like "Publius" of the US Federalist Papers? Does some anonymizer give
the same name for everyone who uses it?

@_date: 2000-09-25 08:38:25
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Freedom of Association in US 
Assuming that you're talking about the US Constitution, shall we start
with the 9th Amendment?
Or you can refer to the writings of people with more legal educution
than you:
How about the appellate court decision in the recent Dale v Boy
Here's one you might like: a conversation on c-punks almost three
years ago:
But I'm wasting my time trying to reason with a dumbass-bot.

@_date: 2000-09-26 12:40:22
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Discrimination 
You can throw the post-Civil War American south into the mix, too. Some
Southern politicians were distressed that shop-keepers were dealing with
negroes, and passed laws to prevent that. This resulted in the first
section of the 14th Amendment (for our non-American readers, the key
point is all American citizens get equal protection of the laws). It
wasn't individual discrimination that was a serious problem; as Tim
says, self-interest drove at least _some_ merchants to ignore any
prejudices they might harbor. It was state-mandated discrimination that
caused the federal remedy.

@_date: 2000-09-26 16:05:10
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
I don't see how any rational mind could see this type of search as
allowed under the US 4th Amendment. Too bad no jurist has asked my
But one line in the article pissed me off:
Since Kyllo wasn't indicted on firearms charges, we must assume that the
firearms were legal. Why, then, were they mentioned? Why didn't Kirkland
also mention that a search found eating utensils and blue jeans? The
American establishment press's bias as regards firearms is a constant

@_date: 2000-09-26 20:37:28
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: free speech children michigan law 
This doesn't sound like the peace and safety of the community is being
threatened. Why doesn't the offended woman file a civil claim, if she
was that offended? I don't know Michigan law, but the offence should fit
within the common law "intentional infliction of mental distress" and
"nuisance" torts.
(I can't believe I wrote that. Two weeks in law school and I'm already

@_date: 2000-09-27 08:45:47
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: free speech children michigan law 
In the year or so I've been posting on c-punks, you have several
times mentioned that I had a good point but not once had you suggested
that I should be killed. I was starting to feel left out.
I do not think the woman should be filing suit. She should have ignored
the boor or, if her command of invective sufficed, told him off
scathingly. I do, however, support the right of people to take matters
to civil court if they truly feel they have been wronged. I'd prefer to
see a loser-pays system to prevent or compensate for frivolous claims,
as this claim would be likely to prove.
The _main_ point I wanted to make was that the state had no business
interfering here. The anti-swearing law is nonsensical, unenforceable,
and almost definitely unConstitutional. Disturbing the peace charges, if
they should exist at all, should be reserved for matters of greater
import than making a rude gesture at one woman. I concede that my
previous post didn't make my point well, if at all.

@_date: 2000-09-27 09:29:25
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
This is pretty much the same issue as all uses of technology to gather
and process information in ways that unaided humans cannot.
The modern-day interpretation is that the Constitution and Bill of
Rights do not explicitly mention privacy rights because the Founders
(that's shorthand for "Founders of the American nation", generally
referring to the authors of the Declaration of Independence, the
Constitution, and so on) saw no need for it. Anyone could achieve
privacy from government intrusion by conducting his business in his own
home with the windows shut or by going into a field to prevent
evesdropping. If someone was attempting to watch or listen to you, it
would generally be obvious, and your opportunity to watch him would be
equal to his opportunity to watch you.
As regards data collection, it was certainly possible even two centuries
ago. It was very labor-intensive, though. Even in the first half of the
20th century, when the FBI wanted to build a case against, typically, a
corporation, they needed to bring on hordes of specialists to plow
through the masses of data. That's presumably the reason for the FBI's
former requirement that all agents be either accountants or lawyers. And
of course the suspect would be aware that his records were being
Nowadays, it need hardly be said, networked computers can keep track of
an astonishing mass of data on _everyone_, with hardly any personal
effort on the part of the snoops. Going back to the early days of our
Republic, it was _possible_ for the cops to find out all of a citizen's
purchases, for instance, but it would be so much work that it was hardly
ever done. Moreover, it would be very likely to get back to the citizen,
which would at least let him know that his privacy had been violated.
The common thread in all this is that until recently, while it might not
have been possible for a person to prevent all government investigation
of his affairs, it was at least possible for him to know about the
investigation and either protest it or change his behavior. This is
another possible reason that no explicit right to privacy is mentioned
in the Constitution.
And of course there's the 9th Amendment, which clearly states that the
Bill of Rights is not an exhaustive list.
Now, to finally tie this back to the case of the IR scan of the house,
the police used a means of scanning which greatly extended human senses
to invade the privacy of the man's house. In part of the article which I
snipped (which is to say, the entire article) someone, a judge or
prosecutor, said that this snooping was legitimate because the man took
no measures to prevent the excess heat from escaping. That's a stupid
line of reasoning on two bases. First, the cost to protect a one-family
house from IR, electromagnetic, audio, and so on snooping adds about
half a million dollars to the cost of a new house. The cost to retrofit
an existing house is high enough that it's cheaper to tear it down and
rebuild. No, I don't recall the source of that figure, but it showed
numbers for an EM cage around the entire house, special windows,
super-thick insulation, and the like. Second, in the case of IR
snooping, if a house is generating more heat than its neighbors, it's
going to have either a higher overall temperature or a very high temp
spike for the "bleed line". Heat can't just be shielded by putting heavy
curtains on the windows.
So, a hundred lines later, does that answer your question as to why the
IR scan was different than a conventional photo?
I'd like to work this up into an article for publication. Right now,
though, I have to (a) earn some money, (b) finish a set of problems on
contract law, and (c) clean up after the cat, who got into something.

@_date: 2000-09-27 09:56:00
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
I've been trying to find evidence of this, too. I've sent messages to
self from several versions of Netscape Messenger on Windows and FreeBSD,
then examined the headers. I have only a Verisign certificate; possibly
the cert source would affect the headers that are produced with signed
or encrypted mail. I checked the headers with a Java program I wrote
myself, so I could verify that Messenger isn't silently stripping them
before display.
The only thing that might be the "help" field is "X-UIDL", which has a
value of random-seeming characters. Even with that, I vaguely recall
seeing something about the intended purpose of X-UIDL, and it wasn't to
break the encryption. "Alleged" purpose, perhaps I should say. But my
memory of that is very unclear and quite possibly wrong.
I, too, am skeptical about the help field claim. I'd be very interested
in details.

@_date: 2000-09-27 21:23:13
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: free speech children michigan law 
So, you're setting yourself up as the sole arbiter of the right? No
person or group in history has been able to set up a legal or moral code
which would fit all situations with no need for judgment, so you might
want to question your capability.
Any person should have recourse to systematic (to avoid the word
"legal") relief if he feels aggrieved. The alternative is to allow self
help in the manner chosen by the aggrieved party. There's much to be
said in favor of that, but most people aren't comfortable with it, which
is why some form of tort system has arisen in almost every culture.
(There's much to be said for killing most of the population, too, but
let's leave that for another thread.)
In a civil system designed by me, the laws would be pretty loose, with
plenty of wiggle room to cover unanticipated situations. Anyone could
bring a claim against anyone else for almost any cause. So far my system
is pretty close to the current American system. Where we part ways is in
forcing the loser to pay the entire court cost and the costs of the
winner. Society shouldn't be forced to pay because some person has a bug
up his ass against all of his neighbors and can't convince an impartial
jury that he's right.
You claim that the man's swearing at the woman didn't violate any law,
so she can't sue. That's probably false under Michigan criminal law
(anti-cussing law and disturbing the peace, according to the DA; I don't
say I agree with it) and certainly false under common law, which is
mostly what matters for tort cases. But let's say that under the Tim May
system swearing at someone is not an offense by any definition. At the
other end of the spectrum, if the man were to walk over and beat her
unconscious, I'll assume you would agree that would and should be a
criminal violation. In the American system it's also a tort, and the
woman can sue for monetary damages. That seems fair enough; he hurt her,
and putting him in jail won't help her with her medical bills. The
question is, at what point do you draw the line between those extremes
to say that some people can sue for damages and some can't? That is what
the jury system is for: to decide on a case-by-case basis.
Under my system, we'd keep all that, and, as I said, have the loser pay
for the cost of the suit.
You claim that "civil cases for damages should not be allowed for
NONCRIMINAL issues". That is a ludicrously naive statement. What if one
party breaks a contract, causing monetary loss to the other party? Would
you make that a criminal offense, with jail time and money paid to the
state, or would you have the losing party eat the loss? Neither serves
the larger goals of society, as I see it.
You're right. There are too many lawyers in the US, and too much
systemic need to have so many. Whining that there are too many, however,
is likely to have about as much effect as the flower children chanting
for the US Army to disband.
In days gone by, the strong guys with weapons made the rules and ran
things to suit themselves. The people who didn't spend much of their
time fighting or practicing with weapons were generally at the mercy of
those who did. If they were lucky, they were able to find another
fighter to stand in for them and hold the bullies off. (Yes, sometimes
mobs did rise and overthrow a particular gang of bullies. In most cases
the way was simply opened for another gang to move in, or for a
home-grown bully to take over.)
The same situation holds in the US today, with lawyers having replaced
the musclemen.
I'm hoping to be able to change the system, by being a
technically-literate lawyer in some MPAA v. 2600 case a few years hence.
(Hell, with the lengthy appeal process, maybe I'll actually be on that
case. :-S ) Even if you're right and I'm delusional about being able to
change the system, small free software projects will still need someone
to help respond to cease-and-desist letters or whatever is the bullying
tactic in vogue is then. And the EFF will still need volunteers to wade
through draft legislation and what-not.
As regards technology, yes, it will help, up to a point. A year ago a
book came out discussing ways the internet could be brought down.
Interestingly, I had a partially-written draft on the same topic. I had
more emphasis on legal issues, but the books were pretty similar. Most
likely he and I had both gotten tired of the slashdotters proclaiming
the Republic of the Internet, free of the rules of all territorial
nations. (No, I don't recall the title or author, and I couldn't
remember it closely enough for a search to pull it up.) Examples of
technology not helping in the face of massive government encroachment
can be found in the RoC: all computers must be registered, all web sites
must be registered elsewhere, private use of encryption is forbidden,
all traffic is subject to monitoring, and so on. Violations do occur,
but violators can be jailed or killed; most people don't even try.
So, all in all, I think I'll decline to take your carefully reasoned and
well-expressed advice.
I too would like to see a big chunk bitten off all at once, to rouse the
sheeple. I pushed some years ago for the passage of UCITA (then called
UCC 2B) in all its glory, because that massive a boost to the "rights"
of the big software houses would help the free software movement.
Bite me. I'd make a more reasoned response, but I have to clean up cat
puke. A task not unlike writing this message, but more pungent.

@_date: 2000-09-27 22:20:58
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: police IR searches to Supremes 
It's only illegal for the proles to have the cell phone
reception-capable EM equipment. The Public's Intrepid Guardians can use
it with no meaningful restrictions. And of course the pigs need to be
able to check on the activities of the proles.
All together now: It for the chiiiiiildren!
Pigs and, even more so, prosecutors and judges who perform or allow this
kind of invasion should be severely sanctioned. At the least, any case
which might _possibly_ have been tainted by illicit data acquisition
should be dismissed. Throwing the offenders into a cell block wearing
nothing but a sign saying "Bad Cop" and holding a tube of K-Y might be
appropriate for repeat offenders. Killing, as Tim suggested at least
once, is probably not a good idea, at least for the run-of-the-mill
violators. While in principle I might think it's a good idea, in
practice if a cop does something he knows he'll be killed for, he has
much reduced reasons not to go completely rogue.

@_date: 2000-09-28 11:08:06
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: free speech children michigan law 
Right. And if the bookstore owner had to pay a few $K for the court
costs and the other store's legal costs, in addition to his own legal
expenses he'd be unlikely to file the claim in the first place unless he
really felt he had a good case.
The current American system is abused because there's almost no
incentive _not_ to file frivolous claims. You get a lawyer to work on
spec, pony up a small filing fee, and you can tie up the court for a few
hours and cost your opponent a few thousand dollars.
No argument there.
You ignored the question I asked: If one party to a contract breaks it,
what is the other party to do? Breaking a contract is not normally a
crime, so it sounds like you would have the second party have to simply
put up with the broken contract.
(diminishing) Regards,

@_date: 2000-09-28 11:27:32
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: free speech children michigan law 
You're right, but I'm not sure of the point you're making. No one here
seems to think the cusser actually broke any laws, or at least any
enforceable laws.
Right. Even a 1L knows that. :-)  I was simplifying. And the thread has
been mingling the current American legal system, Tim's ideal system, and
my ideal system, without always clearly demarking them.
Also, I think the evidence shows that at least in some cases American
juries ignore evidence and law and (in my opinion) justice and award
whatever they want. McDonald's coffee and that tobacco case in Florida
come to mind. True, only the outrageous cases come make the headlines,
and true, the awards are usually knocked down or thrown out at the
appelate level, but still.
To get back on my favorite legal hobby-horse, I think that a loser-pays
system would keep a lot of the truly frivolous cases from being filed.
That should free up enough of the courts' time that they can give proper
attention to the cases that do make it in.
Right. Which is why it's useful to work within the system and try to
help on specific cases rather than whine about the current system and
refuse to play in it.
Hmm. Good point. I'd been thinking of the "technology trumps laws"
argument in terms of what I described in my previous message: the
slashdotters nattering about how the net routes around censorship and is
therefore invulnerable to government action. (Extremely simplified
presentation, of course.) But before I completely concede the point,
I'll wait for further developments in the
NSA-versus-the-crypto-companies thread.

@_date: 2000-09-28 16:57:29
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: IR "TEMPESTING" (was Re: police IR searches to Supremes) 
That's a good idea. It should stop the laser-off-the-windows accoustic
snooping, too.

@_date: 2000-09-28 21:00:45
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Bad Coding Practices 
I'm less sanguine. What follows is mainly based on my experience as a
consulting or contract programming, but it matches the comments of other
programmers. I've never worked at a company which made privacy software,
though several companies rolled their own crypto for their products.
- Code review? What's that? We can't waste time having programmers look
over each others work. Besides, we don't want to make it look like we
don't trust them.
  Even in shops which did have code reviews, they usually consisted of
Johnny-on-the-spot explaining in broad terms what a function did and
going over a piece of which he was particularly proud while everyone
else nodded sagely while thinking about their kid's soccer practice. I
wouldn't want to testify that any of the "reviewers" had even read the
code before or during the meeting.
- Depending on the shop, code which is difficult to understand may
remain untouched for years. So long as it does what it's supposed to do,
or its shortcomings can be compensated for at lower immediate cost than
rewriting the blob, many places just leave it be. The code chunk might
well be looked at by many eyes, but they'll all roll up before making
much headway. So the moral for the subverted programmer is to write his
poison pill very badly and don't explain how it works.
- Many places I've worked have been too cheap to buy a version contol
license for every developer, so everyone just logs in as PVCS and checks
in changes. And hardly anyone looks at the comments, except to scan for
comments like "Fixed bug Now, I think your general point is right, that it would be somewhat
difficult for a subverted programmer to insert deliberately broken
crypto, and a very bet to expect it to stay in for any length of time.
However, if the privacy software companies operate anything like the
companies I've worked for or consulted at, it could well happen.

@_date: 2000-09-28 21:39:20
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bad Coding Practices 
^---
Duh, that's supposed to be "very bad bet".
Also, I should note that an ISO-900x shop will have procedures that
should be followed for all aspects of development. The procedures aren't
a cure-all, but they do make surreptitious bad behavior much less
likely. Alas, not many software shops have ISO-900x certification.

@_date: 2000-09-29 10:02:18
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: More Columbine fall-out 
Schools must give police blueprints
ALBANY - Schools will be required to submit copies of their building
plans to local police and fire departments under legislation recently
signed into law by Gov. George Pataki.
The legislation, proposed by Assemblyman Ronald Canestrari, D-Cohoes,
was inspired by last year's shootings at Columbine High School.
Canestrari said police at the scene in Colorado did not have floor plans
for the school building, which slowed their response to the tragedy.
When he introduced the bill last year, Canestrari said a spot check of
school districts in the Capital Region showed that some already share
building plans with local public safety officials. But others did not,
and there was no such mandate in state law, he said.
Canestrari's "School Emergency Preparedness Act," sponsored in the
Senate by Vincent Leibell, R-Patterson, is to take effect in March 2001.

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:04:31
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Bad Coding Practices 
I didn't see yesterday's news, but I've been watching this little
would-be drama for a year. Late last year it came to the attention of
the newsies that furriners were hired for a lot of the Y2K remediation
coding. Oh, no! They're probably deliberately breaking it so the US will
come crumbling down and they can take over!
Well, Jan 1 came and went and the light didn't even flicker.
Maybe six months ago the panic-mongers announced that the furriners
might have been putting in back doors all along. I don't know whether
the mongering comes from newsies anxious to sell copy or from crats
wanting to increase their budgets. Unspoken collusion, most likely.
Speaking from my own experience in working with a _lot_ of foreign
contract programmers, most of them are as capable and conscientious as a
randomly chosen selection of American programmers. A very large
fraction, 3/4 or more, want to stay here indefinitely.

@_date: 2000-09-29 11:24:06
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Algorithm queston. 
Check Google under "misty algorithm download".
In particular, look at for source code.

@_date: 2000-09-29 19:05:15
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Re: More Columbine fall-out 
The buildings have to be registered with the city engineer or such like,
but not previously with police and fire departments. I guess the public
buildings can reasonably be required to file their plans, though even
there I'd object: the school district and the city are disjoint
entities, with the former not subordinate to the latter. And what about
private schools? Day cares? Home schoolers? And state office buildings?
Someone goes on a rampage in a government office building every few
years. And big businesses, for the same reason?
I haven't been able to find a reference to the actual law on the NYS
legislature's web site, but it'll probably be there in a few days. (Or
not; some things never show up at all.) I'll post the juicy details, if
One further point I should have made when I posted the article this
morning: the first police on the scene at Columbine were apparently
ready to go in, find the shooters, and stop them however they could.
They would have had approximately equal armament than the two shooters,
and much better training and experience. The cops were told to wait by
the (chief of police|sherrif) until overwhelming force arrived. The
moaning over the absense of the floor plan seems at best to be
It might make sense to give the fire department the blueprints of most
large buildings, including public schools; I don't know enough about
firefighting to say whether it would be of practical use. This should be
voluntary, though. I don't see any justifiable reason to give them to
the police.
Increasingly annoyed,

@_date: 2000-09-30 09:02:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR: Avi in Cryptonomicon 
Someone asked a while ago what is Avi's last name in _Cryptonomicon_.
It's Halaby. Page 301.

@_date: 2001-08-20 07:00:57
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: lawyerpunks-in-training...? 
Dave Smith asked about law schools for Cypherpunks.
I've been in law school for the past year. I work as a programmer and am interested in c-
punk issues, so I guess I'm a cypherpunk.
I signed up for Concord University School of Law ( mostly because it seemed cool to get a law degree over the web, not because I had any use for it. After I signed up, I thought of a few things I could do with a law degree, such as beat up on lawyers who were beating up on free software projects. The program takes four years of "part time" study if you wish to take the bar afterward, or three years if you just want a JD.
As regards my plan to provide pro bono assistance to small, belabored free software teams, it turns out it's not that simple. As best I've been able to determine, If I'm living in State X and I'm licensed to practice in State X and the team is in State X, I can defend them. If the team is in State Y, I could get nailed for unauthorized practice of law in State Y. Even if the Evil Corporation which is beating up on them is in State X, I might not be able to legally (no pun intended) help. This is based on discussions with my professors and deans and with questions asked of the bar offices in several states.
Concord is not an ABA-accredited law school, so at the moment you can take only the California bar exam. Once you pass the Cal bar, you can practice in Cal, Vermont, and IIRC Wisconsin. You can also practice, even without a law degree, in Arizona. Since I have no desire to live in California, using my example above I'd be living in State X and licensed to practice in State Y, and for the most part I wouldn't be able to do any legal services, though that varies by state of residence.
I can discuss the pros and cons of Concord vis a vis brick and mortar law schools if anyone is interested. Short summary, Concord has the advantage of flexibility (study when and where you like) and cost (approx US$5K per year rather than $18-30K for a b-and-m); disadvantage is lack of ABA accreditation.
I've been working as a programmer while in school. The amount of time required for studies was greater than expected, but doable. The problem I've found is the loss of creative mental energy on the job. I can do the rote work with no problem, but don't have the mental energy to come up the innovative solutions I'm paid for. Caveat: I'm a single parent of a 6 year old boy; that'll suck the energy out of anyone, haha. If you're going to go to law school full time, that shouldn't be a problem; look at some of the chowderheads who have made it through, after all.
As for the broader issues Dave brought up:
Yes there is a need for lawyers with a technical bent. There's a well-known link between lack of mathematical ability and entry to law school, and the innumeracy of the typical lawyer is often a problem when technical issues come up. (ref, the judge in the DVD CCA v 2600 case)
Law school is usually very expensive. Including living expenses, figure on adding US$100K to your debt burden if you go full time. You said you won't want to be an ambulance chaser, but odds are you'll have to take a job with a firm for several years and work on what you're assigned, just to pay down the debt. You might also want to consider that there is a glut of lawyers in the US. First year associate salaries at top firms are still good, but if you don't get into a top firm the pay might not be that great. There are also a lot of unemployed lawyers out there, despite the best efforts of the Lawyers Full Employment legislative and judicial teams.
Most law schools now have courses on intellectual property and internet law, so they're sorta c-punk friendly that way. Law professors tend to be quite liberal on political and economic issues, and the libertarian bent of most c-punks is a serious irritant to them. I've heard of that being more of an issue in a brick-and-mortar school, where you sit in class and get interrogated by the prof.

@_date: 2001-12-03 15:19:01
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: MD5 (was Re: Antivirus software will ignore FBI spyware:solutions) 
I interpreted that not as working around MD5, but as working around the
procedure which would use MD5 to get a single number for an entire file
Example: mark the logging software's keylog file as a device file, which
wouldn't be processed by the file system checksum procedure. When the
logger needs to write to its log, the file type is changed to "ordinary"
and then back to "device" again.

@_date: 2001-12-19 01:21:14
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: CNN.com on Remailers 
To maximize their efficiency *, spammers want to send the same message
to everyone on a large list of addresses, with a small amount of effort
and attention on their part. Any special effort necessary to get the
spam to a given address is not a worthwhile ROI. (And it's probably not
worth the effort to remove the address from the list, either.) This is
also the point behind the hashcash proposal: the sender's machine has to
burn a certain number of cycles to make a hash which will convince the
recipient to accept each message. **
* Efficiency is the useful output divided by the effort input.
"Efficiency" for a useless endeavor such as spamming is problematical.
** Eric, if you're reading this, I really am putting some work in on
this, just not at a high enough rate to produce any output. Efficiency
of 0.

@_date: 2001-11-30 08:16:24
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: Moving beyond "Reputation"--the Market View of Reality 
Hitler wasn't the only one who thought he was a good guy. He was a
Catholic in good standing throughout his life, and viewed extermination
of Jews as holy work. After the failed assassination attempt in 1939,
when Hitler's views on and plans for Jews were widely known, the Pope
send him congratulations, and several cardinals and bishops were also
Nor are they transitive. See above.

@_date: 2001-11-30 09:33:18
@_author: Steven Furlong 
@_subject: fuel injected firearm 
Cases also have to be ejected. In principle, you can have a simpler
mechanism and a higher fire rate if you use caseless ammo. (In practice,
the only automatic caseless rifle I've seen (not an H&K) had a mechanism
virtually identical to any other gas operated automatice, down to the
ejector hook in case of a bad round.)
Right, petrol won't burn fast enough for direct propulsion. You might be
able to use a large combustion chamber and then neck down to get a
higher gas velocity, but (in the absense of actual calculations) I don't
think that would get you enough.
I suppose you could use something like space shuttle fuel; that burns
pretty fast. Of course, it's volatile, instable, corrosive, and
Gyrojet rounds burned out in, IIRC, 20 feet, and they covered that first
20 feet in a small fraction of a second. I don't think target dodging is
any more of an issue than with conventional bullets.
But the burning fuel might be a problem in another way: what if you
shoot someone who's less than 20 feet away? The rocket would keep
burning after it struck. Would that be viewed as torture, if you were
investigated for the shooting, be the shooting ever so justified? (Data
points: I've never pointed a pistol at anyone farther than about six
feet away. Once was under a foot. (Passenger in a small car tried to rob
me with a knife.) This is the norm for people who are actually shot with
pistols, as contrasted with being shot at.)

@_date: 2001-10-02 21:04:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Photographing Dams 
Strong suggestion: don't phrase it quite that way. Don't give the
jack-booted thug any real grounds for arrest, or even "detention".
Assuming the pigs didn't lie, that Indiana man who was arrested for
burning a flag and tossing a firecracker at the pigs screwed up. He
should have gone along peacefully, then sued their asses off for false
arrest, misuse of legal process, and whatever else he could think of.
(Actually, he should have killed them for attempted false arrest, but in
today's climate that would only have gotten him killed. The best he
could do, today, is sue them.)
It might be even worse for you, as a Californian, than for most
Americans. Isn't California one of the states which requires all
citizens to "cooperate" with police? With cooperation presumably defined
as "whatever the pig wants you to do".
I hope so, but I'm afraid not. So long as the heat is turned up only
when there's plausible cover, the frog will stay in the pot.
(That's a base canard on frogs, by the way. A few years back some
scientist boiled a frog slowly. The frog hopped out of the water as soon
as it got uncomfortably warm.)

@_date: 2001-10-02 21:57:19
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Photographing Dams 
Some quick research shows me that some states no longer make it
aggravated harassment to swear at a cop, though it's still an offense in
some states. I couldn't find Indiana's status on that, but it looks like
your method might be successful.
 I really thought I had come across that in Findlaw or somewhere.
Maybe it was a proposal that was shot down, maybe it's in other states,
maybe you're wrong. I don't see it in a Findlaw search just now, but I'm
not even sure what it would be called. Certainly not the "Citizen Bend
Over and Spread 'Em Act", but things like "Police Assistance Act" and
"Citizens Cooperation Act" didn't give any hits, either.
Heh. If you're referring to me, events of the past few days argue
against my intelligence.
More generally, it's probably a mixture of laziness, time pressure, the
value of the effort needed to check every "fact" before posting, and
"knowing" that something is true and therefore need not be checked.
Posters to mailing lists and Usenet could treat every post as a
submission to a refereed journal, but by the time the fact-checking was
done, the thread would have died out.

@_date: 2001-10-03 18:55:21
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: USG pulls 'sensitive' info off net 
<3BBB14BD.5EDF8705 <20011003110004.A24438
  <5.1.0.14.0.20011003144553.04ac98b0
What, you mean more sites that require Javascript to be turned on, and
show a blank page if it isn't? Thanks, got plenty of them already.
SRF   <--- who is even more annoyed at sites that require            IE extensions

@_date: 2001-10-04 10:11:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
Is there any way to solve this transaction problem without a
mutually-trusted third party?
If BLD and the information supplier each trusted that the other actually
possessed and was providing the information desired by the other, they
could do a one-bit-at-a-time exchange.
If the transaction were "legitimate", they could do an ordinary transfer
with legal recourse if one party cheated.
If they were able to find a third party they both trusted, he could
examine both sides' materials and release them if both were
Meeting face to face would be dangerous for both parties, but more so
for the information supplier.
But say the information supplier didn't really support the goals of BLD,
but just wanted the money. He wouldn't trust the same kinds of people
and institutions that BLD would. There used to be amoral bankers who
would act as middlemen, no questions asked, but I get the impression
they're pretty much all shut down. Assuming that the two parties were
not able to find anyone they both trusted, and couldn't rely on the rule
of law to punish dishonesty, and didn't want to meet face-to-face, how
could the supplier and BLD conduct a mutually-secure transaction?
Steve Furlong

@_date: 2001-10-04 12:26:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Who wants to be a millionaire 
But BLD would still be able to cheat the seller, wouldn't they? The
account number might be valid but unfunded, or any variation on that.
I'm looking for a way for each party to be sure he gets what he wants,
with no trusted third party and no recourse to government.

@_date: 2001-10-04 17:39:48
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
Here's tidbit regarding the handling of Muslim terrorists: in 1911,
General "Blackjack" Pershing was dealing with terrorists in the
Philippines. He caught a handful of them, made them dig their own
graves, tied them to stakes near the graves, and brought up a bunch of
pigs. He told them that the pigs would be slaughtered along with the
terrorists, and they'd be buried together, thus not only denying them
the benefits of heaven but sending them straight to hell forever. He let
one of the terrorists "escape" to spread the word. There was no problem
with terrorists the rest of the time Pershing was there. The question
is, why shouldn't we do something like that now? It's obvious a
significant part of the Moslem world will never love the US, so we
should make sure they fear us instead. (Wes Pruden mentioned this in his
Washington Times column recently. I haven't found it elsewhere on the
Web, but have seen it in print.)
Re attacking Afghanistan, I don't even see why we're talking about going
there in any kind of force, nor why there's talk of bombing it. We don't
have a quarrel with the mass of Afghanis, but with the Taliban. Most of
the Afghanis don't like the Taliban, either. We should be dropping care
packages --- food, cheap radio receivers, some consumer goods, and guns.
Drop so many packages that even if 3/4 of them are intercepted by
"official" forces, there'll still be plenty of guns in the hands of the
ordinary people. I did some back-of-the-envelope number crunching: Two
MREs, a cheap radio, some knick-knacks, and a stamped single-shot .45
(like the Liberators we dropped on Occupied France during WWII) should
cost around $20. Double that for delivery costs. (That latter is pure
guess-work; I have no idea what an Air Force air-drop over hostile
territory would cost.) We'd be able to drop 25,000,000 of these for a
billion dollars. That's much less than the cost of even a small ground
operation, and would be one per person in Afghanistan. And plenty of
cheap but reliable pistols should let, say, a group of oppressed,
beaten, and starving women kill a Taliban patrol and take their assault
The consumer goods are just a finger in the eye for the reactionaries,
by the way. They're trying to keep the country in the 12th century, so
we should offend them by giving the people blue jeans, disposable
razors, science fiction paperbacks, anything we can to drive the Taliban
up the wall.

@_date: 2001-10-04 20:56:14
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: The Martyrdom Videogame 
"Suppose ye that I am come to give peace on earth?  I [Jesus] tell you,
Nay; but rather division:  For from henceforth there shall be five in
one house divided, three against two, and two against three." (Luke
"Think not that I [Jesus] have come to send peace on earth:  I come not
to send peace, but a sword." (Matthew 10:34)
"...for all they that take the sword shall perish with the sword."
(Matthew 26:52)
"...and he that hath no sword, let him sell his garment, and buy one."
(Luke 22:36)
And that doesn't even touch the red-handed, ravening god of the old

@_date: 2001-10-04 21:11:34
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Dealing with Islamic terrorists, and with Afghanistan 
<20011005003925.5658.qmail
 So they don't have to be the ones to slaughter the pigs. It's
hard for me to see how anyone, regardless of faith, could object to
treating a terrorist that way.
By the way, terrorists are generally not considered soldiers for
purposes of treatment when captured. They're criminals, with almost no
rights. They might claim they're soldiers, but the lesson of Nueremburg
is that the winners make the rules.
Hey, now, we don't want to be violating the Geneva and Stockholm accords
ourselves. Right, which is what I was saying about airdrops with consumer goods as
well as food and guns. Medicines, too, just thought of that.
Probably some of them do, the Joe Talibans I mean, not the not-so-smart
bombs. The problem is they probably haven't read the Koran too carefully
and are relying on the misinterpretations of mullahs with agendas. Same
thing happens with Christianity. Latin America had several preachers
teaching "Revolutionary Christianity" or some such nonsense, telling the
guerrillas that the sixth commandment allows the killing of enemies. The
preachers could get away with this because the masses were mostly
semi-literate and mostly uneducated.

@_date: 2001-10-05 18:31:31
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could do 
References: <20011005150701.A25206
What changes, the shift to a police state?
And wasn't there something about not using the military for police
matters? Oh, that's right, this is an _emergency_, so it's ok.

@_date: 2001-10-05 18:42:25
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Gun show friggin loophole 
A Wired article by Jeffrey Benner ("No Smoking Gun in Terror Bill")
( uses the
phrase "gun show loophole" quite a few times, but doesn't mention the
Second Amendment (nor even the Ninth and Tenth) even once. No mention of
how "closing the loophole" would prevent any domestic terrorism. No
quotes from gun rights people but plenty from gun grabbers.
Perhaps this would be a good opportunity for Declan to emphasize that
the opinions and obvious biases of some ill-informed, probably inbred,
journalists are not necessarily the opinions of the publishers or other

@_date: 2001-10-05 19:32:54
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could 
References: Yah, I know. You're right, though, it should be spelled out, not only
for the non-USians on the list but for the products of the modern
American educational system. (Of which I am one, but I'm trying to
overcome it.)
Legally, you're right. But since the Guard units are partially trained
and equipped with federal money and operate under federal strictures, I
don't generally distinguish between state and federal military forces.
And of course Gov Davis, like so many others, are "fighting the last
war". The organized terrorists won't be going after planes for the
second punch, though half-witted copycats will. And the copycats could
be stopped by allowing off-duty senior combat soldiers to carry guns on
planes, but of course that would lessen the need for centralized power
and will never be countenanced.
By the way, I like the sig you used on your message. A bit lengthy, but
worth the read.

@_date: 2001-10-05 19:37:19
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: firing a high-powered combat rifle in an airport could 
References:   <3BBE4326.ADA6BA52
Damn, sent that by mistake while editing.
I'm also concerned about the effect of "routinely" having uniformed
soldiers out standing guard or running patrols or whatever. Even if
they're National Guard rather than federal troops, it accustoms the
public to seeing soldiers on the streets, on the borders, in the
airports, everywhere. That makes the next step, federal troops
everywhere, more likely and less noticeable.

@_date: 2001-10-06 11:58:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Anthrax...coincidence? 
I'm not sure I believe that, or much of anything else put out regarding
a bioagent. ("We have everything under control. Just continue to pay
your taxes and do what we tell you and everything will be all right.")
Are there any real doctors or vets on the list who can confirm it from
their own knowledge? (Sorry, I don't think I want to trust the word of a
"Dr Evil". )
I figure the spores have to come from somewhere, and they seem to be
grown in animals and then released to spread. According to the CDC page
on the subject, "Anthrax most commonly occurs in wild and domestic lower
vertebrates..., but it can also occur in humans when they are exposed to
infected animals or tissue from infected animals". Humans are animals,
aren't they? Do the spores reproduce only in herbivores?
Well, maybe I'm just cynical from experience with the government's lying
and concealing for our own good.

@_date: 2001-10-08 11:55:14
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Second man tests positive for anthrax; media building 
References:   <3BC1C598.7080307
If someone worked out a way to kill off the stupidest third of our
population, should we consider that a hostile act?
Eugenically yours,

@_date: 2001-10-10 18:38:56
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Register: RIAA secret meeting a hoax. 
<20011010182303.B17892
  <5.0.2.1.0.20011010182802.00a7a4b0
Leaving the firms was just a cover for their continued secret work.
Sightings thousands of miles away were holograms, body doubles, or
clones. Sheesh, don't you know _anything_?
You're just mad because you're not part of the conspiracy.
SRF, Global Conspirator

@_date: 2001-10-10 20:03:18
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Documented criminal/terrorist uses of cryptography? 
I very strongly suspect there's been no documented criminal use of stego
in the computer age; we'd have heard it trumpeted in the past few weeks.
Criminal use seems to be pretty rare but not unheard of. The FBI put a
keyboard bug in Scarfo's computer because he was using PGP and they
couldn't read his mail or files. I vaguely recall complaints that
Echelon couldn't evesdrop on some European companies suspected of some
form of nefarious dealings because they used encryption. Take that with
a grain of salt, because I can't remember details, can't find a link,
and may be remembering a hypothetical rather than an actual event. I've
heard of a few cases where someone was attempting to use crypto
(PGPDisk, probably) to encrypt the files on his computer, but did it
wrong and the cops were able to read them. No details here, either;
sorry. You can also find more criminal use of crypto when you consider
that mere use of crypto has been criminalized in some places; I assume
that's not what you were looking for.
Terrorist use of crypto seems to be purely hypothetical at this point.
It's probably being used, but no one's documented it that I've come
across. Same caveat as above; if you expand the definition of terrorist
to include Jim Bell, then there is certainly terrorist use of

@_date: 2001-10-10 23:36:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Freedoms Curtailed In Defense Of Liberty 
The (elided) article from _The Onion_. You might not want to rely on
attributed statements as authoritative quotes from elected and appointed

@_date: 2001-10-11 11:19:06
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [BIOWAR]  Al Qaida biological warfare factories attacked (fwd) 
If that proves out, I'd say the US can now tell the Taliban, roll over
or be nuked, in accordance with long-held US policy. Same for any other
nation which assisted Osama bert Laden and his gang of merry thugs.
(If Clintoon were still in office, I wouldn't believe it was a real
biowar lab without seeing it myself, and probably not then. But Bush43
hasn't yet been tarred with the brush of incessant lying and bombing to
distract attention from his own shortcomings.)

@_date: 2001-10-11 21:32:37
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Malls On Halloween 
Took about 15 seconds. On google, type "urban legend debunk". From the
Snopes page, type "halloween afghan" in the search box.

@_date: 2001-10-11 21:45:38
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Osama is Jesus 
Nah, Bubba's the Anti-christ, or maybe Bubba and Hillary combined. Run
down the list of the seven deadly sins and I think they're pretty well

@_date: 2001-10-12 13:26:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: House update on anti-terror bills: Look out 
Throw Ron Paul into that select group, too. He's pretty reliable in
supporting liberties for the common swine. Some of his recently-proposed
legislation seems pervertible by sufficiently motivated agencies, but it
isn't a blatant power grab.
If you view it as damage. A fair number of our elected and appointed
officials seem to view it as opportunity.

@_date: 2001-10-15 12:08:56
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Hilary rushes checkpoint, injures cop 
How dare they try to stop an important person such as her? Checkpoints
are for the little people!
As for the headline, "Clinton OK After Airport Accident", truly, her
health was not the first thing on my mind. Nor would I have called it an
accident. I would call it Aggravated Assault upon a Police Office or
Peace Officer (NY Penal Code 120.11). But of course that's for the
little people.

@_date: 2001-10-15 12:24:28
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: You Can Have Your Rights Back When We're Done 
(People with Arabic-sounding names being detained with little or no
court supervision)
Can you think of any better way to push people into hating the US? What
if the IRA were suspected of committing a terrorist act in the US? Would
people with Irish-sounding names be locked up in max cells with no
access to lawyers on the _chance_ that they might know something?
I normally attribute acts like this to incompetence rather than malice,
but this is really pushing it. Could someone be ensuring there'd always
be a supply of terrorists in the US to cause a continuing crisis?

@_date: 2001-10-15 17:27:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: A REALLY DIFFERENT terrorist threat view. 
Just checked his web site. Did you mean to say Mel Gibson or Mel Brooks?
His web site demonstrates a high rate of production and a low
signal-to-noise ratio. The web at it's best!

@_date: 2001-10-15 21:59:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Missing details on Afghanistan: Natural Gas (fwd) 
I prefer "alternative history" novels. Makes for interesting
conversations when you tell someone about the rocketry experiments in
medieval Spain which were destroyed with no traces by a ship of Japanese
sailors who were blown halfway around the world.

@_date: 2001-10-15 22:07:57
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Killing off jack-booted thugs 
John Ross's novel _Unintended Consequences_ covers this. The book is
mainly about gun control in the US, but is easily extended to crypto and
civil rights issues. More to the point, in the latter third of the book,
some fed-up citizens start killing feds.
Decent book. A bit long, but fast reading. Recommended.

@_date: 2001-10-16 00:38:55
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cauterizing the Cancer Centered in Washington, D.C. 
That's exactly why some people argued against passage of the Bill of
Rights a couple of centuries ago: the listing of some rights in the BoR
would be taken as a complete listing. The Ninth Amendment is supposed to
counteract that, but it's so widely ignored as to be meaningless.
If the US Constitution does not clearly state that the federal
government is allowed to invade your privacy, they're not allowed to. It
doesn't matter how the Interstate Commerce clause is construed, nor how
"provide for the common defense" in the preamble is read: if the
Constitution doesn't explicitly give the feds the right to snoop on your
private affairs, they don't have it.
The Third Amendment's prohibition on the quartering of troops has been
given as a possible defense for evidence gathered by snoopware. Is a
program, installed by a federal agent on a privately-owned computer, a
"soldier" for Constitutional purposes?

@_date: 2001-10-16 00:49:03
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Canada slaughters civil rights 
Probably because PGP isn't that important to us. Aside from an Outlook
plug-in (for those who use Outlook) does it offer any advantages over
GPG? PGP on Windows might be easier for a non-geek than GPG; I'm not in
a position to evaluate.

@_date: 2001-10-16 01:19:54
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: mirror volunteers needed 
More details, please. Mainly the kind of material to be hosted. Holding
2GB of kiddie porn (horseman alert!) might be objectionable on moral
grounds as well as legal grounds.
What kind of traffic is expected, in terms of connections per hours and
bytes per hour?
Why does it need to be a *NIX machine? Ease of remote access, security,
active content, or the requirements of the mirroring software?
The mirror would presumably need a fixed IP address. Are there any other

@_date: 2001-10-17 15:02:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Anodyne for sore feet 
Send them Dr Kopsch relief, instead.
(Kopsch was one of the inventors of the teflon-coated, bullet-proof
vest-defeating bullet.)
Several of our elected wonders (eg, Maryland Gov Glendening, or Tejada
et al in Rhode Island) are pushing for laws restricting the purchase,
ownership, or use of bullet-proof vests without a permit. These
proposals generally have exemptions for LEOs, judges, and, of course,
elected officials.

@_date: 2001-10-17 20:28:12
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
The test apparatus had one central button and a bunch of other lightable
buttons around it. The subject pressed the central button and waited for
one of the others to light, then pressed that one as quickly as he
could. The test measured the time between the lighting and the subject's
release of the central button as well as the time between the lighting
and the subject's pressing the lit button. The first number was pretty
much just reflex time, and was not particularly correlated with g,
general intelligence. The second number involved selection from amongst
alternatives, was positively correlated with g.
And you're right, the test was denounced, though I can't figure out how
the detractors found a cultural bias in it. Maybe they just attacked the
notion of g.

@_date: 2001-10-17 21:43:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Non-verbal IQ testing 
Google: intelligence test lights button
 is the first result.
This article is pretty much against the concept of intelligence testing.
According to that article, the device is called "Jensen's button box".
That may not be correct, as a google search for "jensen's button box"
(quoted to filter out obvious false hits) yielded only that article.

@_date: 2001-10-18 21:35:54
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: don't write "fags" on military bombs, its not polite 
Ironic name for the operation. I guess American sailors have the
enduring freedom to be complete conformists to the current orthodoxy,
and the rest of Americans have the enduring freedom to pay for it.
Incidentally, if the bomb had said "High Jack This, Sheep Fuckers",
would PETA have filed a complaint?

@_date: 2001-10-18 22:36:54
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Your papers please 
MA wiretapping law applies only to secret recording. In theory, holding
the thing in plain sight should be ok.
That's the written law. Case law might be different, and I might know it
if I were a Massachusetts lawyer, which I ain't. Also, as measl pointed
out, jackbooted thugs can trash the device and lie about it later. (I
had a similar encounter which resulted in my equipment being smashed and
the pigs lying about it when I complained. I wasn't arrested in that
incident, though.)

@_date: 2001-10-19 18:39:59
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Looking for news 
ISTR the same, but didn't pay much attention.
Searching CNN for "china visa" shows an article from 10 Oct, only
relating to Pakistanis in Hong Kong.
Nothing worthwhile on MSNBC, same search.
Sounds like someone was blowing smoke out his ass.

@_date: 2001-10-20 21:09:58
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
<3.0.6.32.20011020150146.0081bb50
  <20011020220950.12639.qmail
  <3BD1FF36.4AADAA0D
  <20011020161344.A6471
  <3BD21CB5.84505765
<<< 2-D barcode >>>
NYS has had these for years. (State motto: always leading in police
My DL's barcode suffered just the sort of mishap you describe---solvent
over the plastic, discoloring it and making it unscannable. I've caught
a lot of crap from pigs who try to scan it into the little boxes in
their oinkmobiles, but no official censure or fine has come down. YMMV.

@_date: 2001-10-20 22:53:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
Jim, I'm going to have to call bullshit on that. A few minutes' checking
(google and the revised code pages of a handful of states) shows that
defacing a DL generally seems to be a violation, not even a misdemeanor.

@_date: 2001-10-21 00:03:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
<3BD238C6.DA28DC7B
Yah, but it comes with only Windows drivers!
No prices given, either. That's a bad sign.

@_date: 2001-10-21 11:43:12
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Why Plan-9? 
I'd really like to use OBSD for my always-on server, but there are a few
- New Java stuff: I need to have Java servlets, JSP, and all that rot
available from my web site, and last time I tried, a few months ago, the
new Java stuff just wasn't there yet. Eighty-five step installation
procedure which either didn't work quite right or was too much for my
tiny brain. (The procedure was actually for FBSD, but it didn't work
there, either, so the chances of getting it working on OBSD were
- Encrypted file systems: I want my main server to have TCFS or
equivalent, so if the machine is seized the feebs would see a tiny boot
partition and a large, strongly-encrypted main partition. I tried a few
encrypted file systems a while back, and the couple I found for OBSD
weren't there yet, either; they typically dumped core when I tried to
use them. (I see that Dr Evil posted a message on this subject last May
on a list archived at Geocrawler, so I guess the shortcoming hasn't been
fixed since I last looked at it in depth.)
(Yes, in theory I can work on either of these myself, but in practice
I'm already involved in two free projects and just can't spread any
Out-of-the-box OBSD seems less crackable than out-of-the-box Linux and
I'd like to use it, but it just doesn't have the two features I really
want. For now, I'll take my chances on securing my Linux server as best
I can.

@_date: 2001-10-21 18:42:14
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
Powder color is the thing that's been driving me up a wall the past few
days. People are panicking about the wrong dang thing.
I'm tempted to scatter baker's yeast in a public place and powdered
sugar nearby, and observe which causes people to panic. All that's left
is figuring out how to do this enough times for meaningful results,
without getting arrested...

@_date: 2001-10-21 21:11:23
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: ENVELOPE STUFFING JOB 
Oh, certainly. But snorting the powder wasn't the idea. The idea was to
cause alurum and confusion. I figure, if the masses are panicked by
powdered sugar and talcum powder, they might also be panicked by a pile
of yeast. Except that they're probably too ignorant to be scared of a
_brown_ powder. Which was the reason for the experiment in the first

@_date: 2001-10-22 06:35:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Retribution Time 
There are several Nomens. Some are blithering imbeciles who have somehow
been taught to use a remailer, some have something useful to say.

@_date: 2001-10-22 14:49:47
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Retribution not enough 
Then let them. A self-sufficient subsistence farmer won't be bothered by
the trade his neighbors are carrying out. [1] His farm can be a
neolithic bubble as the world progresses.
If he _isn't_ self-sufficient, then he does care about the trade going
on around him. That's been the case forever, and new trade always
disrupts someone who was making his living with the way things were.
And if he wants to make use of metal tools, then he'll have to exchange
as best he can for them. But, again, he's not self-sufficient, unless he
can dig and forge his own metals. Complaining that the world isn't the
way it was for Grandpa shouldn't get a sympathetic ear from anyone who
uses metals, plastics, or medicine, or who eats fresh produce out of
[1] Assuming they don't pollute him out of raising his crops or
livestock, tax or regulate his farm out of existence.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:04:41
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
<20011022200033.25531.qmail
1. Those who do not learn from history are doomed to be dumbasses.
2. They think they'll be in charge this time.

@_date: 2001-10-22 17:59:52
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Farm Out! (was Re: Retribution not enough) 
Not at all. I evidently didn't make my point clearly enough. What
follows will attempt to proceed from "second principles", since I don't
want to take the time to go from first principles.
Since prehistory, the only person who was able to go completely his own
way, without having to worry about what anyone else was doing, was the
totally self-sufficient man. (Woman, whatever.) If you don't need
anything from anyone, you don't need to care if the price changes on the
goods or services they want or are selling.
(This post is concerned only with mutually agreeable economic dealings.
Use of force, whether by government or by other bandits, changes the
As soon as you start trading, such as for metal tools to replace the
wood, stone, and bone you'd have to use otherwise, you have to be able
to provide something they want in order to get what you want. If you've
been trading an acre's yield of corn for a metal plow, but now your
blacksmith is able to get his corn cheaper by efficient trade with
someone farther away, you'd better drop your price, do without the plow,
or learn to make your own. Proceed with this argument and you can be
guaranteed of being able to grow your crops in your own way only if you
don't need anything from anyone else, a return to self-sufficiency.
The argument doesn't change just because the scale changes. If a ten
thousand acre corporate farm is able to produce grain more cheaply than
a hundred acre family farm, the family farmers' "rights" have not been
trampled just because they can't make their living as they did any
longer. They can't compete in the new environment, and they can change
their methods, attempt to become self-sufficient, or die.
Let me emphasize, I'm still talking about pure free market here. ADM has
a very effective lobbying machine, and gets handouts (gasahol) which
makes them more economically competitive than they naturally are.
Watch your assumptions. I've done plenty of farm work, all on family
farms, from planting and weeding by hand because the ground was too soft
for machines to shoveling cow shit. (And getting stepped on by the
malicious animals, but that only adds to the vindictive pleasure of
eating beef.) I much prefer computer consulting, thanks, and wouldn't
farm again unless my life depended on it.
Your theory about the ag schools and county agents and such may be
right; I don't know enough to comment on them.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:02:03
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Clubbing in Fortress Amerika (fwd) 
I disagree. Feinstein et al aren't cooperating with Big Brother in hopes
of better treatment. They _are_ Big Brother.
But I don't think this is because they are Jews. There are statists of
every religion.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:12:33
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Ananova - US researchers discover artificial sperm 
Well, shit, don't let Andrea Dworkin or Nadine Strossen find out, or
we're all done for!

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:32:19
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around 
References: <002601c15b63$09069200$5f0da2cd
I can't sympathise much on this basis. A family member, a retired cop
and the family shame, confirmed what I had suspected: that most people
in jail are there because they couldn't keep their mouths shut --- on
the street, in the police station, in court. And many who are denied
parole or who have it revoked couldn't keep their mouths shut in jail.
Even if you couldn't shut up, why didn't you use an anonymizer? You have
a characteristic writing style, but there are other rambling, obscure
writers on c-punks and the writing couldn't be positively linked to you.
Or, better yet, you could learn to write in a conventional,
straightforward, clear style and have complete deniability.

@_date: 2001-10-22 23:56:15
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
<<1, 2, 3 snipped>>
4. It may be made illegal. Terrorists, money launderers, and paedophiles
use them, you know.
If money isn't a major issue, get some now. Help convince the
manufacturer that there's a consumer market. Thank you for paving the
way and making it cheaper for the rest of us.

@_date: 2001-10-23 00:40:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: FBI considers torture as suspects stay silent 
<005701c15b67$15c4c260$03d36b3f
  <3.0.6.32.20011022210908.0083bcb0
So, the torturers should get rid of their pliers and jumper cables, and
instead get a dozen boars and a bottle of Viagra?
Here's a religious question: If a devout Moslem prepares himself for a
martyr's death [1] but is caught by the cops before his act and is
buggered to death by a dozen pigs [2] on Viagra, does he still go to
heaven? Does it matter if he spills the beans first or if he keeps
silent until death?
[1] Setting aside questions of whether killing innocents really gives
you an express pass to heaven.
[2] Four-footed pigs, I mean, not policemen.

@_date: 2001-10-23 08:51:13
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around 
References: <007d01c15b8f$2ba57840$3c0da2cd
Ah. That would do it.
Could you finesse the condition by having someone sit at your computer
and type as you dictated? _He_ wouldn't be bound by your parole
conditions. Or could you send private email to a friend who would then
relay it to an anonymizer web? (Or straight to the list, for that matter.)
Of course, (I'd say "OfCourseOfCourse", but that's trademarked. )
those methods wouldn't do any good if your release conditions require
that you keep a copy of _everything_ you send out. Also, of course,
you'd have to have one writing style for messages Big Brother could
associate with you and another for your anonymous messages.

@_date: 2001-10-23 12:34:29
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Ananova - US researchers discover artificial sperm 
<20011023110741.E22019
You're absolutely right. I meant Kim Gandy, the president of NOW, not
Nadine Strossen. My apologies to Ms Strossen. I don't know what I was
thinking, to confuse their names. My only excuse is that I'd been awake
too many hours.

@_date: 2001-10-23 14:13:10
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: eWe Won't Have CJ Parker and Richard NIxon To Kick Around 
References: <002601c15b63$09069200$5f0da2cd
  <3BD4E4C3.3412AAAC <20011023110557.D22019
Oh, certainly. I should have left my post the way I first wrote it:
"most criminals in jail...", distinguishing murderers and such from
people who voluntarily use drugs and those who supply them.
How about this version: Most malem in se convicts are in prison because
they couldn't keep their mouths shut.

@_date: 2001-10-23 14:40:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks idiots list 
I don't think my self-esteem will be greatly damaged by someone without
the balls to attach his own name to his message. When Tim called for a
fatwah against me a year ago, following a misunderstanding about
something I wrote, he at least had the balls to do so over his own name.
And now that I think about it, there's no real indication that you are a
"someone". Quite likely you're just a dumbassbot hiding behind an

@_date: 2001-10-23 15:09:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks idiots list 
Something I forgot to mention: "Nomen Nescio" certainly belongs on the
idiots list. There are an awful lot of really stupid messages coming
from Nomen.
(For the irony impaired, yes, I am aware that many anonymizer users come
under the NN nym.)

@_date: 2001-10-24 11:30:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Why use Wurd? 
<3BD59DEE.5B9ECA5B
  <20011023200834.B20046
Compatability with Wurd users. A lot of customers, especially suit
types, give you Word and Excel files (or, worse, PowerPoint, gag), even
when the app is being implemented on *NIX. A fair number of commercial
publications want articles and stories to be submitted as Word docs. And
sometimes when you're putting in a bid to a corp, they require the
proposal both as hardcopy and as Word and Excel files.

@_date: 2001-10-24 21:01:15
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
<20011025002338.680.qmail
Declan reported on 1999/08/12 that Starium planned to sell them "by
early 2000" for under US$100.
A Google search on "telephone encryption" yields:
 - no price
  - $249
 - $260
 - several models, over US$5000
And others in the over-US$1000 range.
Few details on the devices, though some of them mention an algorithm.
(Including one which claimed 128-bit triple-DES. I'm not sure what to
make of that.) There were several other statements on some pages which
may have indicated either security holes or cluelessness on the part of
the writer, but more likely indicate cluelessness on my part.

@_date: 2001-10-24 22:06:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: FINALLY! we can buy Staria 
<20011025002338.680.qmail <3BD7645B.D0EC8DFB
  <20011025013134.17929.qmail
We probably need to define the product category we're discussing. I was
listing devices which prevent casual interception, and which Joe Average
might conceivably buy. The Starium is obviously more robust than that,
and consequently more expensive.
You asked in a previous message about the market size. For casual stuff,
tens or hundreds of thousands in the US, if the device is in the $100
range. For the serious stuff, I think you nailed the market pretty well.
One or two orders of magnitude less, if the device is in the $1000
range. Those numbers both assume no government interference, of course.

@_date: 2001-10-25 00:23:06
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: First, brand all the children 
<20011025001213.C30386
No. Nor have the mass of national politicians been trustworthy since FDR
or before.
It might be good that Congress is likely to pass a Draconian
anti-terrorism law. The nibbling away at civil rights has gone generally
without effective opposition. About the only hope for the retention of
our rights is a massive chunk bitten off at once, while there are still
enough armed Americans to put politicians in fear of their lives. I'm
not actually hoping for an armed uprising, but the fear of one is
clearly the only thing which will bring Congress, the federal courts,
and the President to heel.

@_date: 2001-10-25 09:20:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: First, brand all the children 
And a major key to that is militarily useful weaponry in the hands of
the citizens.
It would be nice to think that most US soldiers would not participate in
the forceful subjugation of fellow Americans, but history (Kent State;
shooting a Texas goat herd while on border patrol) and psychology
(Stanford prison experiment) argue against that. And regardless, I'd
rather retain some measure of control over my destiny, rather than
solely trust in the good will of others.

@_date: 2001-10-26 07:42:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Senate approves USA Act, sends to Bush, Ashcroft vows 
References: <5.0.2.1.0.20011025143125.02570bf0
  <20011025221451.B3135
Deliberate vagueness on Asscruft's part, I suspect. As I understand it,
most of the Arab-looking men in custody are being held on technical
immigration charges. Thanks to changes in the law a couple of years ago,
immigrants in violation can be held indefinitely without trial or legal
representation, or even deported based on secret evidence. And
immigration laws are like traffic laws: it's virtually impossible to go
through life without an occasional technical violation.
INS's motto: Habeus corpus is for citizens.

@_date: 2001-10-29 10:07:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: obit 
Don't forget IX and X. Or maybe they're not dead, just locked away and
And XXVII (Congressional Pay), which was ignored immediately after

@_date: 2001-09-05 13:43:39
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Tim's Tips on Avoiding Prosecution 
No, no, "he should be killed" is just shorthand for "he should be kill-

@_date: 2001-09-23 07:35:58
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: CDR Anonymizer <cpunks_anon@einstein.ssz.com> ? 
Stupidity _is_ a natural crime. Mommy states have attempted to repeal
that law, but succeed mainly in redirecting the costs of stupidity from
the stupid to society as a whole.

@_date: 2001-09-24 23:58:13
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Democracy is our enemy 
Simple reason: the terrorist acts were despicable. The terrorists, their
funders, their sponsors, their hosts, and probably their fellow
travellers should be hunted down and killed. There is no debate on this
point among civilized human beings. The only real question on this is
how many civilian deaths are acceptable in killing the terrorists.
By contrast, there is plenty of room for debate on the measures being
taken and proposed by the Western nations, and on the motivations of the
politicians behind these measures.
Bull. Annoying though Tim sometimes is, there's a big difference between
denigrating someone because you dislike his views or actions, and
killing thousands just to make a point that you don't like some other
people. And Tim's put his effort where his mouth is, writing articles
and code to further his agenda, while Osama Bitch Laden sent others to
die to further his agenda. No comparison at all.

@_date: 2001-09-26 13:58:34
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Get Real 
Exactly. I was rolling my eyes rather than my ass , but it works out
the same.
The first two examples that came to my mind were kidnaping and security
clearance background checks. While one may debate whether kidnaping
should be a federal crime, it _is_, and it's the Feebs' job to
investigate it. Similarly with background checks for clearances.
Perfectly valid reasons to talk to the Feebs.
On the other hand, I can't think of a good reason to talk to DEA, ATF,
or IRS without a valid warrant. I'm not sure the first two even have a
valid reason for existing (the same goes for the IRS, to a lesser
extent), and all three have an even more egregious history of violating
the norms of decent society than does the FBI.

@_date: 2001-09-26 14:49:10
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Get Real 
Because of changes in US living patterns, the FBI has found neighbor
interviews to be mostly useless in determining trustworthiness for
purposes of security clearances. They're putting more weight on lie
detectors now. As of a year ago, anyway, they'd still try to talk to
neighbors, but the chance of finding one who knew enough to inform a
decision on whether to entrust someone with a clearance was much worse
than in decades gone by. The contaminated reports from "bluehairs and
busybodies" was a problem in the 80's, and is probably worse now.
That doesn't take into account the people who no longer will talk to the
Feebs under any circumstances. IIRC, in the late 80's, the Feebs
wouldn't tell the neighbors and coworkers why they were investigating
someone. I don't know if that was official policy, or just the policy of
the investigators who asked me about some of my coworkers. On
reflection, I agree with you: unless the investigator told me exactly
why he was investigating my neighbor, I'd refuse to give him the time of
The questionable usefulness of lie detectors is a topic for another

@_date: 2001-09-27 00:32:57
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Canada's justice minister preparing bill to limitencryption 
Cynics may not get much fun out of life, but there is the schadenfreude
pleasure of saying "I told you so". And the endless entertainment of
watching the hairless apes find new ways of throwing shit at each other.

@_date: 2001-09-27 11:44:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: When the FBI Guys Come Knocking... 
<200109261656.f8QGuDf11949
  <3.0.6.32.20010926080327.008ffae0
  <3.0.6.32.20010927082341.0091c8e0
Great, just what we need in this country: more goose-stepping morons
carrying guns.
Anyway, arming geese wouldn't do any good because they don't have, er,
What we need are armed guard cats. Cats who have always been fed dry
food so the feebs can't lure them away with electric can openers.

@_date: 2001-09-27 16:23:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks declared to be a terrorist organization? 
<20010927125829.A23133
Easier and more productive, but it doesn't make for big flashy
headlines. "Two Dozen Crypto Munitions Exporters Arrested in Midnight
Raids; Ties to Money Laundering, Terrorists, Child Pornographers" would
get the AG's name in the papers and distract Congress's attention from
looking into just what BXA is doing. (Neal Knox noticed that criminal
shooting sprees seem to take place before Congressional votes on gun
restrictions. Maybe coincidence, maybe not. I'm extrapolating to a
different department.)

@_date: 2002-08-01 22:48:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Freedom of association denied in Ventura Cty 
References: <3D499014.EADB14F5
Is it just me, or does "I'll see you in court" lack the impact of "I'll make your bitch squeal"?

@_date: 2002-08-24 23:36:23
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: U.S. Military Uses the Force 
References: Steven denBeste (the captain of U.S.S. Clueless) discussed anti-tank weapons and anti-anti-tank defenses at  . The HEAT discussion applies to RPGs. It doesn't answer all of Major Variola's questions, but gives a conceptual overview without the math.
Note: Although denBeste generally writes good essays on the technical subjects he covers, he's been known to make omissions and errors. As with everything on the net, read with a grain of salt.

@_date: 2002-07-11 11:09:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Tax consequences of becoming a US citizen. 
References: I wouldn't figure SS payments into my calculations unless I were to retire in the next few years. As the SS crunch looms nearer, watch for payments to people outside the US to go on the chopping block.
Not that I expect to get anything from SS myself regardless of whether I stay in the US. 29 years until retirement, even if the age isn't pushed back again.

@_date: 2002-07-11 14:25:17
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Rant: The U.S. facing the largest financial collapse ever 
References: <358D242E-94F4-11D6-A94E-0050E439C473
(Regarding SS and other USG liabilities)
I hope not. Addressing only the SS issue and not other USG debt, I'm attempting to organize a nation-wide grassroots movement. On a to-be-announced "F-day", every member of the movement will kill a designated old fart, one who has long since taken back out of SS anything s/he put into the system and is now subsisting solely on SS checks and other welfare. Bonus points for killing an old fart who has taken much more out of the system than he put in and yet was loudly agitating for an increase in benefits to help "the greatest generation, who gave so much for their country". Old farts who are still working or who are living on saved assets are exempt.
I'd prefer a system which simply cut off benefits once a person's own "contributions" had been exhausted (sort of like, you know, a personal retirement account) but that seems to be a non-option. (I'd _really_ prefer a system where each person was responsible for his own late-life well-being, but that kind of talk just gets you thrown in the loony bin these days.)
Anyone interested in the F-day movement might also be interested in L-day (for lawyers) and CP-day (for career politicians). Web sites

@_date: 2002-07-20 15:53:46
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: LNE cypherpunks and cpunx-news archives 
The DNS name cypherpunks.dhs.org has gone to the big bit-bucket in the sky. Anyone wishing to access the list archives can go to
for the time being.

@_date: 2002-06-10 22:53:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Sci Journals, authors, internet 
References: Which is especially impressive since some journals not only wanted the authors to basically give up their copyright but wanted the authors to pay for publication.
My experience with scientific journals is more than a few years old. Do any of youse have personal experience with publishing both several years ago and recently?

@_date: 2002-05-22 20:25:47
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Testing.. 
No problem --- I was just waxing my bikini line.
(This disgusting mental image courtesy of the Janet Reno Full Frontal
Nudity Collection.)
(That disgusting mental image courtesy of me.)

@_date: 2002-05-28 08:18:02
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Missing pieces? 
Cluefull users. Politicians who aren't trying to grab power.

@_date: 2002-05-28 10:14:58
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Missing pieces? 
My senators are Clinton and Schumer. Makes me damn proud to be an
American, I tell you. Neither's office has responded to any of my
letters, probably because I didn't include money with my missives. I
guess there's no point to further letters to my senators, unless I can
get my hands on some anthrax.
(Note to hypothetical snoop: that was a joke. Get a life, idiot girl.)

@_date: 2002-05-30 10:05:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: sources on steganography 
^                          ^            ^                    ^                     ^                       ^
  ^                            ^                           ^
                       ^   ^       ^        ^

@_date: 2002-05-30 13:52:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: When encryption is also authentication... 
Here's my analysis of the current situation regarding electronic
signatures in the United States. The following few paragraphs are the
way things are as I see them, not necessarily how they should be.
An e-signature in this situation would indicate assent to a contract.
One of the key points to forming a valid contract is a meeting of minds
between the parties. Another is authentication that the alleged
contracting party was actually the person who agreed to the contract.
Meeting of minds includes knowing, understanding, and agreeing to the
terms of the putative contract. With paper contracts, even lengthy ones,
knowledge and understanding are assumed if certain conventions are met,
such as font size and emphasis of important terms, as well as
opportunity to read the contract thoroughly. And the contracting party
is assumed to be able to take the contract to a lawyer if he's uncertain
about any part of it. Many electronic agreements fail on one or more of
these points. These contracts are often very lengthy, the equivalent of
several pages of printout, and are often viewed only through a very
small window, and often have small or otherwise illegible fonts. In
paper, this would be similar to a five-page contract being written out
on post-its, with only one visible at a time. Many of the agreements
cannot be printed out, which interferes with both reading and obtaining
expert advice. The situation is made even worse by the mingling of
technical jargon with the legal jargon; many software-related contracts
are even less intellegible than other contracts. Meeting of minds is
questionable under these circumstances.
Authentication is similarly problematic. Ordinary contracts are commonly
agreed to in person or with signatures. Electronic contracts are
commonly agreed to with one or two mouse clicks. There is nothing to
indicate that the "signer" was the person he alleged to be. Some laws
(see below) attempt to make this irrelevant, essentially saying that if
your computer agreed, you agreed, but this is unlikely to stand up in
court on basic principles.
I was unable to find any US case law (court cases which went to trial
and verdict, and which were written up for publication) on this subject.
Bear in mind that I no longer have access to Lexis or Westlaw, but
google and such can usually find relevent cases. I suspect that there
are no reported cases hinging on electronic signatures. This isn't
surprising, because the oldest electronic signature law is less than six
years old, and that's probably not enough time for a problem to have
arisen, been litigated, been appealed, and been written up.
The "e-sign" law of 2000 doesn't provide much help. It states simply
that a contract may not be denied solely because it was electronically
signed. Furthermore, it applies only to interstate and international
contracts. (Though most electronic contracts for, eg, downloaded
software will be interstate or international.) It doesn't provide
standards or guidance for what makes a valid electronic contract.
The Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA) is a model law which
about half of the states have enacted. Some, maybe most, of these states
have modified UETA before passing it. It's not clear how this affects
contracts in which only one party is in a UETA state. UETA says that an
electronic record fulfills any requirements for a written contract
document and that an electronic signature fulfills any requirement for a
signature on the contract, and it outlines what constitutes an
electronic record and an electronic signature. Interestingly, UETA
states that an "agent", meaning a program, can fulfill the requirements
for a signature, even without human participation. See
for a decent summary, and  for more detail.
Summary: Recent laws have attempted to make electronic contracting
binding, but they have not addressed some of the fundamental principles
of contract law. These fundamental principles are often stretched or
broken in electronic contracting. There is no case law on electronic
contracts. I suspect that a contested electronic contract would be
easily voided.
OK, that's the way I think it is, currently in the US. The way I think
it _should_ be is much more caveat emptor, as Dr Mike and others have
said, but the legislators and judges have neglected to ask for my input.

@_date: 2002-11-01 17:16:49
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Flight security analysis (was Re: Confiscation of Anti-War 
References: <3DC2F38A.D1FCCA36
On Friday 01 November 2002 16:35, Major Variola (ret) wrote, in response to another of Choate's odd statements:
I was thinking the same, having been in -40 weather before. I haven't been in -40 with a 500MPH wind chill, though. On the other hand, we're not talking a convertible jumbo jet with the top down, so the wind chill might not be that big a factor. Bottom line, I think Choate was blowing smoke, as usual.
But Maj Variola made a questionable point, too:
I just tested that, sort of. I emptied my lungs, then lifted weights for 30 seconds. It was a little painful toward the end, but I didn't grey out or anything.

@_date: 2002-11-03 17:28:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Sending bricks through the mail 
References: Peter, you might want to google on "variola major" (not "major variola"), note Maj Variola's alleged host, and consider the possibility it's a nym.

@_date: 2002-10-05 09:46:31
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: why bother signing? 
References: <3D9DF516.ED30A66A
  <20021004134621.A7820 <3D9ECE29.20209
Ah, but how do we know that that wasn't the spoofer "confirming" his own (That's not an entirely joking question. Not enough headers make it through the mailing list and my ISP for me to tell the difference b
between the two "Ben Laurie" messages cited above.)

@_date: 2002-10-11 17:27:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Durden lies, was: Echelon-like resources... 
References: Oxymoron, eh?
Pseudonymity has many socially acceptable features. Anonymity has all of the practical benefits of pseudonymity and no additional advantages in a conversational forum such as cpunks. Anonymous persons (or dumbassbots; it's hard to tell sometimes) who snipe from behind the veil may be assumed to be cowardly jackasses.

@_date: 2002-10-30 07:26:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: A non-political issue 
References: On Tuesday 29 October 2002 19:34, Anonymous via the Cypherpunks Tonga 2 and 8 seem to be contradictory. Unless you just back up on the box, as Tim mentioned. That's not much of a backup.
If you're treating this box as an unrepairable black box, you'd just throw it away and use a new one if it broke. That would technically meet these requirements, but it would require sending out the public keys occasionally and it would make it possible for Fred to fraudulently sign a message and claim it came from one of the replacement boxes. If there were a single, eternal signing box he wouldn't be able to get away with that.

@_date: 2002-10-30 19:04:17
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: UNSUBSCRIBE 
References: <7B4E3C1F-EC5D-11D6-A13B-0050E439C473
Oh, don't be so hard on the man. You know as well as I do that he just made a typo when typing "unsubscrive".

@_date: 2002-09-11 17:10:16
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks inet-one archieve not updating. 
References: <000901c259cb$b0509760$a2934ad1
The LNE cpunks archive which I host is still up and still updated.

@_date: 2002-09-12 08:14:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: LNE Cypherpunks archive 
List members,
Thanks to the good offices of Len Sassaman, you can access the list archives which I maintain at (Yes, I have the technical ability to obtain a domain name of my own. No, I do not have the financial ability; I'm a decent programmer but the worst businessman you'll ever meet. Hey, anyone want to hire a consulting programmer you can easily rip off? )

@_date: 2002-09-27 19:27:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: What good are smartcard readers for PCs 
References: <3D94E169.39033952
No, that won't do it. People could still spread their dissentious ideas by telephone, and photocopy the intellectual property of content providers. We need to ban electricity, then the problem goes away...

@_date: 2003-04-10 04:14:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: The secret government marches on... 
References:   <5.1.1.6.2.20030409112457.02cc84a8
  <20030410033540.GB25749
Regarding GW Bush flying a planeload of coke:
(rest of the coke-inspired yet still insipid fantasy deleted)
Let me guess, the URLs were for DemocraticUnderground, al Jazeera, and I'm probably going to regret replying to Seaver ("Even if you win the Special Olympics...") but this was just too pathetic to pass up.

@_date: 2003-04-18 16:38:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Antibiotics 
References: Another of the few powers I'd grant to the US Federal government which aren't spelled out in the Constitution is the ability to regulate the use of antibiotics. Careless use of them can lead to the development of drug-resistent bacteria, which adversely affects the whole population.
I'd gladly trade increased governmental oversight of antibiotic usage for elimination of governmental meddling with drugs which don't affect anyone but the taker.

@_date: 2003-04-19 14:57:54
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
References: <3EA025F0.1020406
  <20030419140230.GA22860
Yah. Maj Variola already beat me to the point about perfume. And what about people who don't bathe as often as I think they should?
Feel free to stop any time. No skin off our noses.

@_date: 2003-04-20 19:24:55
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Rumors 
References: <31C57DDD-737F-11D7-B966-000A956B4C74
That's nothing. Did you know Hillary Clinton appeared in just a bikini bottom in a 1960's issue of _Playboy_? It was one of the college issues, don't recall which one. I know it's true because I read it on the internet.

@_date: 2003-04-22 20:07:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Three Cheers for the State - RAH RAH RAH 
References: Heh. As the World's Worst Businessman (tm), I can't even buy food when I'm consulting (allegedly) for pay. Good thing I have an employed girlfriend, eh?
As Bullwinkle J Moose said once (in the fairly recent live/animated movie, not in the old series), "Kinda makes you feel discouraged."

@_date: 2003-04-22 20:27:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Three Cheers for the State - RAH RAH RAH 
References: The IRS claims jurisdiction over all time banks and barter exchanges. Each participant is required to provide his SSN for reporting, and all transactions must be logged. Taxes must be paid for time worked.
But, but, but...that would be tax fraud. You'd be aiding terrorists. And think of the chiiiiildren.

@_date: 2003-04-29 06:20:48
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Making Money in Digital Money 
References: The same people who believe that government services and benefits come at no cost: (US-style) liberals and other mental defectives.

@_date: 2003-08-02 16:03:18
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Hackers Bypass 4th Amendment 
References: <200308020823.h728NnwI006799
Sounds like an opportunity, not a problem. Anybody know John Asscruft's home IP address?

@_date: 2003-08-06 16:53:31
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Colored people and cripples 
References:   <6E0FFDF7-C840-11D7-BD95-000A956B4C74
  <20030806192323.GC1296
I'm peeved with Tim, too. He's moving in on my turf!
with Nah, kneecap the fake crips instead. Let them deserve their special license plates.

@_date: 2003-08-07 22:15:27
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Superpowers distribute 750,000 shoulder-fired missiles, 
References: <9F0C9372-C93A-11D7-BD95-000A956B4C74
Backblast. A suicide shooter could do it, but it would be non-trivial to pop out, shoot, survive it, and keep your van's paint good enough to avoid notice.

@_date: 2003-08-12 22:28:00
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: The real ordeals of U.S. soldiers in Iraq 
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20030812100252.04b144f0
Just bear in mind that it's the grunt's time-honored right to gripe. Gripe about the food, about the weather, about the sergeants, about the officers, about the weapons, about the mission, about anything under the sun. Doesn't mean anything of itself.
That said, they have more reason than usual to gripe. Not the overseas posting in a beastly climate, nor even the mission. It's the jerking around. "You'll be coming home next month." "Make that the month after." "Probably be a year, all told." If the pols and the brass had said up front that the troops would be there a year, there'd have been plenty of bitching by both soldiers and civilians but the overall effect would have been less than what's happening now. Army manning a year or two hence ought to be interesting.

@_date: 2003-08-20 03:31:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Archive mboxes 
As per multiple request, the weekly mboxes for the Cypherpunks mailing list (LNE node) are available at my cpunks archive site:
   The hypermail conversions are available as before, with new links to the .tgz mboxes.
These mboxes are exactly as produced by my mail client. In particular, email addresses are not munged. The consensus of those who answered by "concerns" mail seems to be that spammers wouldn't get any useful addresses from the mboxes that they couldn't get more easily by other Annual sets will be added as appropriate to the bottom of the page. So far, there's only a 2002 set.

@_date: 2003-08-26 17:13:33
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "domestic terrorism", fat lazy amerikans & ducks 
References:    <5.1.1.6.2.20030826022244.055358d8
Branch Davidians, perhaps. Elian Gonzales's Florida relatives.
Dems themselves tend to be pathetic wankers, but you gotta admit they're adept at using the state's monopoly power on force.

@_date: 2003-08-29 23:56:15
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
References: <5F320F34-DA45-11D7-87EC-000A956B4C74
Yah, good thinking. Push the local librarian from siding with the patrons against intrusive and unwarranted snooping, to thinking that Asscruft may actually have a point if there are all these dangerous wackos running around.

@_date: 2003-08-30 18:44:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Terror Reading" 
References: <3EA00E07-DB1A-11D7-87EC-000A956B4C74
Huh. Did the ISP cc you on that, or did the would-be censor forward it to you as a warning that he held your access in his hands?

@_date: 2003-08-31 21:16:14
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Responding to orders which include a secrecy requirement 
References:   <3F52206B.25354.11C43DD
Dunno. I'm not sure that mere talk of killing a librarian would dissuade the potential stoolies. As you say, talk is cheap. Actions, reported widely in the mass media, will grab people's attention.
On a related note, does anyone have a recommendation for a nice chianti?

@_date: 2003-12-17 21:16:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: U.S. in violaton of Geneva convention? 
References: <20031216222014.B11657-100000
Well, that just blew your credibility with this crowd. You're supposed
to spout off on topics about which you know nothing. Bonus points for
reflexive anti-state-ism [1] [2], and in particular antiamericanism. And
for idealistic crypto solutions to the world's problems, which
unfortunately will never work in a world inhabited by real people. (Not
that you're expected to admit that.)
The sheltered children on this list need to get out into the nastier
parts of the world. They need to see what life is like when the
government is _really_ bad, not just some warts on a mostly benevolent
institution. They also need to get a better feel for the cultural
differences around the world -- even though we're all humans, what seems
like a great idea in Berkeley might not fly in Baghdad or Beijing.
[1] As contrasted with anti-statism.
[2] Just let the market solve everything. And strong cryptography makes
your place of residence irrelevant. Unless, of course, the police goon
squad burst in and raped your children in front of you because you were
trying to change your place of residence.

@_date: 2003-02-03 18:31:03
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Passenger rail is for adventurers and bums 
References: <15ECBA49-3543-11D7-9DBF-0050E439C473
That's redundant in the modern US. Too bad; there needs to be a counterbalance to the right-wing control freaks, but the left just isn't up to it.

@_date: 2003-01-01 16:55:38
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: The Culpability of the Conformist Criminal Choate. 
References: I am in complete agreement with Jim on this.
Crap --- now I need to check my meds.

@_date: 2003-01-14 22:41:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Indo European Origins 
References: <54B3E6B2-2721-11D7-A078-0050E439C473
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030114113302.026232f8
Allow me to introduce myself: coi rodo mi'e stivn. (Lojban: Hey, all, I'm Steve.) I might have something to contribute to this subthread.
Lojban (not Logban; that's a conflation of the names Loglan and Lojban) isn't LALR-1. The grammar can be parsed by yacc only through creative use of the error-catching mechanism. It's a very impressive feat of yacc-hacking, don't get me wrong, but it's a hack nonetheless. And the grammar was indeed crafted to fit in a hacked yacc parser. A real parser which can properly handle grammatical errors in a chunk of Lojban text needs a more powerful language.
Given that, Bill's point is correct: Lojban's gammar has practically nothing in common with any natural language.
co'o rodo

@_date: 2003-07-02 20:40:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: All quiet on the western front 
References: <948c9fbf1fdbc0e1fb5bc9d85563efa2
On the other hand, it doesn't take very many.

@_date: 2003-07-07 22:07:21
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Denver Post article on mattd/proffr/AP/Jim Bell/cypherpunks 
References: That standard is used increasingly often. I've had it used against me, more than a decade ago. Just fit this in with "conspiracy" and "attempt" and other fuzzy crimes; they're good for prosecutors because they don't demand hard evidence and juries in practice tend to side with the prosecution. ("If he didn't commit the crime, they wouldn't have arrested him.")
Welcome to the new thought crime, where you don't even have to have thought the forbidden, thought; it's enough that someone thinks you thought it.
Many of the nodes filter out mattd/proffr's posts. I think Jim Choate's node (see  delivers his posts, along with viagra ads and other garbage.

@_date: 2003-07-07 22:09:30
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
References:  <200307072103.01048.njohnsn
That's easy: spend it on the 80-year-old. He's more likely to vote than the unwed, and likely underage, mother.

@_date: 2003-07-20 09:03:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks archive 
References: <20030719214054.BD22D99AEC
 gets the (filtered) LNE feed. It's automatically maintained on my box and I don't check it that often, so if it seems hosed just mail me.
I don't know of any archives of the unfiltered feed; the two I'd had bookmarked are dead. Jim Choate, do you archive SSZ?

@_date: 2003-07-21 07:04:04
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Fwd: [IP] Gilmore bounced from plane; and Farber  censors   
References: <20030720230703.K75326-100000
Look up "common carrier".
I'm generally agreed with you here, but regulated industries are so far from the libertarian ideal that there's little point to applying it to real-life cases such as this.

@_date: 2003-07-21 20:12:36
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Cypherpunks archive 
References: Let me think about it, and maybe ask some of the list members. The HTML that appears on the web page is sanitized a bit to prevent address harvesting. Not that c-punks' addresses are that hard to obtain other ways, but when I started the archive several people emphatically stated that they wanted the sanitizing.
Maybe I'll write a short script to sanitize the addresses in the mbox. That'll take a while to develop, to make sure I don't miss anything and because my spare time is limited for the next month and a half.
If I do make the mboxes available, they'll be available as .gz's off my top cypherpunks page. I'll post to the list if I do it.
List members: any preferences?

@_date: 2003-07-21 21:04:37
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
References: I worked on a commercial digital money system a few years ago. One of their business models was almost identical to Amos': stick cash in a kiosk to get electronic money. It'd be interesting to see how that system plays with Amos' patent. (I won't be able to observe directly, as I was fired from that company because I'm an incompetent slacker (boss's view) or because the boss was a jack-booted jackass (my view).)

@_date: 2003-07-23 03:20:26
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Dna samples of world leaders 
References: <20030723065650.82911.qmail
Samples from known relatives, I'd guess, along with any other means that comes to hand.

@_date: 2003-07-24 06:19:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: kinko spying: criminal caught Scarfing keydata 
References: <5.1.1.6.2.20030723155509.0c5c6ef8
                               ^^^^
How many clues do you need? Obviously the J-U-E-S are behind it all.

@_date: 2003-07-24 06:42:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Jerk with a t-shirt 
References: You don't know what you're talking about. This happened just a few miles from me, so perhaps I've paid closer attention than you have. T-shirt man wasn't merely minding his own business while wearing an offensive shirt. He was stepping in front of people and haranguing them in front of a large anchor store in the mall. After a while he was asked to leave by a store employee, so he took himself to the food court and repeated the procedure. After complaints from several mall patrons, a security guard asked T-shirt man to either knock it off or leave. T-shirt man refused, growing more and more aggressive, and eventually the local cops came along and arrested him. (I may have fudged some details, as I'm working from memory, but I don't think I screwed up anything important.)
OK, so far it could be the spontaneous actions of one guy. But, even though the story wasn't reported until the late news that evening, there was a large (hundreds, IIRC) crowd of protesters when the mall opened the next morning. This might not sound like much to someone used to NYC crowds, but by the standards of this area that was a huge crowd. I guess it _could_ have been a spontaneous rising of a populace fed up with jack-booted thug harrassment of dissenting opinion. But the more I hear about it, the more this sounds like a planned operation.

@_date: 2003-07-24 18:46:48
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Congresscritters want to be more... permanent 
References: What raises? That would be unconstitutional, and they'd never do that. What they get are cost of living adjustments.

@_date: 2003-07-24 22:12:16
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
References: <17C50F20-BE10-11D7-8D66-0003930F2360
That assumes the reader or listener has heard of Digicash, or of Chaum. Not an assumption I'd be comfortable making.
I tend to use "electronic money" when discussing coin- or account-based systems, anonymous or not, with the unwashed masses. It conveys the meaning well enough to serve as an opening wedge to a better description, and it's general enough that it shouldn't offend the sensibilities of those few people who do understand the subject in depth. And it hasn't been gobbled up by any company, so far as I know.

@_date: 2003-07-25 17:36:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: R.I.P. (was: Re: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for 
References: <20030725001110.GC9659
  <5.2.1.1.0.20030725081344.048dac40
Speaking only for myself, I'm making a lot less than I was a couple of years ago. In the wake of the dot-bomb, I'm working a lot more hours just to keep my bills paid. I no longer have much time or creativity left for non-paying tasks.

@_date: 2003-06-20 18:10:51
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Quoting Anne Coulter is like... 
References:   <3EF31D73.20158.1610975F
Gulf War I made CNN a major player. The other news stations were hoping to ride Gulf War II, but it ended before they could turn a profit. No wonder they're pissed.

@_date: 2003-06-30 22:01:17
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Attacking networks using DHCP, DNS - probably kills DNSSEC 
References: <20030701005900.79940.qmail
Another corollary of your statements is that we can't have an AI monitoring Joe User's system to maintain security. No matter how smart a consumer-grade AI is, you have to assume the attackers will have AIs at least as smart, and dedicated to tricking the defensive AIs. The same applies to human users, of course, but humans are more unpredicable than a security AI is likely to be, and can be held responsible if they're tricked; if the security AI is tricked, the vendor might be held liable.
Too bad; I've about come to the conclusion that Joe User is too dumb (ignorant, inattentive, careless; in a word, dumb) to secure his systems, and doesn't think it worth paying someone to do it for him. That's a bummer because no one is going to trust an electronic wallet on a machine which has a 50% chance of being 0wn3d any given month. I'd been thinking that programs might soon get smart enough to handle Joe's security work, but as a result of your message I'm less confident than I was.

@_date: 2003-05-01 07:05:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Weather forecasts 
References: <3EAE5294.7935CECD
  <5.1.1.6.2.20030501003537.02c9d7d8
Weather in Boston is so variable that the weathermen can't even forecast yesterday's weather.
Don't like the springtime weather in the Adirondacks? Just wait an hour. (Barely a joke---a couple of weeks ago, we had a day hit almost 80F and the next day had an ice storm that brought down trees and power lines; some people were without power for four days, and this with nighttime lows around 10F. Then the days turned warm enough that the three to six inches of new snow and ice melted in a day or two. Sometimes I miss

@_date: 2003-05-02 16:38:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Burning off the useless eaters 
References: <7647970C-7C57-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
What's wrong with Cambridge, MA?
(Harvard Square, the world's last bastion of hard-line communism.)

@_date: 2003-05-02 22:05:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Why are there so many statists and communists here on this  
References: Tim, you're assuming that statists have the wherewithal to think. This assumption has yet to be demonstrated.
I'm not as confident of crypto's chances of destroying the state and leaving the parasites out in the cold. It's just as likely that the government(s) will declare all crypto illegal, except that necessary for the protection of their own secrets. Digital money is right out, of course. All in the name of anti-terrorism, or the War on Some Drugs, or for the chiiiiildren. Powerful computers, strong crypto, and big databases can lead either to anarchy or to an unstoppable Big Brother. Too close to call, right now.

@_date: 2003-05-02 23:09:42
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Conspiracy 
References: must be
The "actual agreement" can be inferred by a creative prosecutor *. I don't remember the cases, but can dig out my criminal law case books if pressed. As usual in these discussions, this applies only to the U.S.
* Unless that was overturned by the Supremes (unlikely, with the current court) or forbidden by Congress (yah, right) since I took Crim Law.

@_date: 2003-05-03 11:44:02
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Conspiracy 
References: <200305031133.AA210108886
I remember that from school, but I don't recall any successful prosecutions. Not that the topic was emphasized; my criminal law professor was much less leery of the unchecked and unaccountable power of the state. (And some of my classmates viewed conspiracy as a good, all-purpose tool for nailing people you _know_ are guilty but who are so clever as to leave no evidence. Future prosecutors and legislators, no doubt.)
Well, that _is_ the goal.

@_date: 2003-05-03 11:52:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: China (was Mike Hawash) 
References: I recently tried to explain the American first amendment to my soon-to-be stepson, who arrived from the PRC last September. He told me that China has freedom of speech, too: if you say something bad about the government, you won't go to jail for too long, maybe a few months, maybe a year. It's not like in the old days when people would get in trouble for that.

@_date: 2003-05-06 07:34:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Hippies Banning Smoke 
References: <3278A898-7E4A-11D7-8AFB-000A956B4C74
(To summarize: the youth culture of 1966-1980 was statist rather than One of my catch-phrases is "eat the poor". This is a combination of letting the poor pay back the productive part of society for the welfare they'd sponged, and a response to the "eating animals is cruel" Similarly, I proposed to stop benefits to the elderly after they'd taken out all the Social Security they'd put in (plus interest). That was met with howls of protest, so I proposed a no-bag-limit open season on geezers. "Eat the old!"
(Believe it or not, I'm viewed as unelectable... But that's ok, I don't want elected office, I just want to shake up the comfortable one-party no-debate shoo-ins that have been the norm in every city in which I've ever lived.)
I'm a bit younger than the youth Tim mentioned above, and while my proposals above were not entirely serious, I think the yells of the students a few decades ago were serious. I surely have no patience with the statist mind-set of the boomers.

@_date: 2003-05-07 07:55:09
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: what moral obligation? (Re: DRM technology and policy) 
References: If one were to buy a computer with Windows pre-loaded and then were to install Linux at first boot-up, one would expect to receive a refund of the price of Windows bundled with the computer. You see how well that worked out. Sometimes self-help is the only remedy.

@_date: 2003-05-07 17:01:20
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Asperger's Syndrome 
References: <20030507134232.GA24740
  <20030507150518.GB25086
You biked behind a truck spraying pesticides? Voluntarily? Of the two, cognitive difficulties and exposure to DDT, which is the cause and which the effect?

@_date: 2003-05-07 19:06:48
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Overestimating your importance (Was: Re: CDR: Re:   
References:   <001601c314da$4544aae0$6401a8c0
You can subscribe to Jim Choate's node, which is unmoderated and unfiltered. Go to  for info.
Be warned: If you've been reading the cypherpunks feed from a filtered list (I don't know if Minder is filtered or not), you'll be in for an unpleasant surprise. There aren't _that_ many out-and-out idiots posting to the list, but what their posts lack in quality they more that make up with quantity. And there are lots of ass-wipes who sign up cypherpunks nodes for all sorts of spam lists. Before you subscribe to an unfiltered list, compare the inet-one cpunks archive ( to the archive I maintain ( inet-one archives an unfiltered feed. I archive LNE's filtered feed. (Note: as of ten seconds ago, inet-one's site is temporarily down. It's been a while since I visited, so I don't know how temporary "temporarily" is.)

@_date: 2003-05-11 11:24:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Repulsive food 
References:  <20030511040713.6904A10F75
Ugh. Don't get me started. My fiance is Chinese, and has odd notions of delectability. Odd by American standards, anyway. Black eggs are probably the worst, but they had a lot of competition.
We've worked out a compromise on critters that leaves us both happy: I'll bring in a carcass and clean it. I get the muscle tissue and usually the liver, and she gets the skin, bones, fat, and miscellaneous organs. And the head. (Stewed rabbit head. With the fur still on.

@_date: 2003-05-14 19:42:57
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Brinworld++  U.S. Vigilantes Test Drones on Mexican Border 
References: <3EC2C956.211E85A
On Wednesday 14 May 2003 18:55, Major Variola (ret) forwarded the following Al-Reuters dreck:
_Some_ of these "vigilantes" are armed, and they plan to send the location of illegals to the Border Patrol? Has "vigilante" been defined down, like "assault weapon"?
I'm surprised Al-Reuters isn't calling these guys terrorists. "Terrorist" is currently unused in their various news reports, as they generally refer to not-so-smart bombs as "radicals".

@_date: 2003-05-18 19:45:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Economics of "Wanted" and "Unwanted" Messages 
References: (Comparison between celebrity stalking and spamming)
4. Make stalking, or spamming, physically unrewarding. Celebrities can have their bodyguards beat up intruders. In the case of spammers, the more talented network hackers might be able to back-trace the messages and eventually get a physical address. A usenet group or overseas web site could carry lists of these addresses. Ordinary citizens living near the spammers could then convey the complaints of the community to the spammer, with ball-peen hammer or shotgun. If the citizens exercized some caution and didn't repeat themselves, the cops wouldn't have much to go on. Heck, the cops probably wouldn't even investigate very hard; they receive spam, too. The only drawback I see to this plan is the problem of false accusations.
This poses an interesting dilemma: Given the home addresses of a spammer and of an IRS auditor, which would you whack?

@_date: 2003-05-21 21:51:19
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Oregon's proposed new class of terrorists 
References: Unintended Consequences: if you plan to attend a protest which might get out of hand, you might as well bring a shotgun and start killing cops if things get rowdy. As well to be hanged for a sheep as for a lamb.

@_date: 2003-05-21 21:57:22
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Why I Could Never Be a Lawyer 
References: <7B0D5AC4-8BED-11D7-B4E6-000A956B4C74
Another analogy:
 complying with rules of procedure : finding justice ::
 foil fencing in a match : real sword fighting
I like whacking people with swords, but _hate_ the senseless, picky foil

@_date: 2003-05-24 14:25:31
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: People persons 
References: I think that's right. I finished high school just after that time block, and would have been interviewing for my first after-graduation job in '84 if I hadn't put on the green suit. The high school guidance counselor and the college job hunting assistant certainly emphasized people skills to us engineer types. "You may be the best engineer ever, but you have to impress the personnel department first. They like to deal with people, so make sure to speak their language." It didn't much affect me, but many of my friends weren't savvy enough to realize that career advice from a high school guidance counselor or a 23-year-old grad assistant who had yet to find work outside of acedemia was not worth much.

@_date: 2003-05-24 23:18:22
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
References: I have discovered a truly remarkable proof which this email is too small to contain.

@_date: 2003-05-25 16:00:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [cs/0305035] P is not equal to NP (fwd) 
References: Jim, is it possible that an amazing polymath such as yourself does not recognize the teaser associated with Fermat's last theorem?

@_date: 2003-11-01 20:23:17
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
References: <8ECF8DB8-0C27-11D8-B14E-000A956B4C74
Agreed. To the extent that I want a government at all, I support a
constitutional republic, not a democracy. Legions of bleary-eyed,
TV-addled, bigoted jackasses are not needed for determining the will of
the people. For that matter, I'd just as soon go a few steps closer to
the US's original franchise: leaving out the sex- and race-based
qualifications, you have to be an established citizen with some assets.
This method of setting the franchise would curb the excesses of the
bread and circuses crowd, and it would have the added benefit of pissing
off the activists and the populists.
Only 25 million? Gotta disagree with you there, Tim. I'm with Sturgeon
on this: 90% of everything is crud. The correct statement is, 25 million
should be spared.

@_date: 2003-11-04 15:48:31
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Chaumian blinding & public voting? 
References: <17CCED56-0EE0-11D8-9473-000A956B4C74
Three words: "Money is fungible".

@_date: 2003-11-19 21:55:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Ashcroft's bake sale, no questions allowed, gvt-issued 
References:   <4422.216.240.32.1.1069289361.squirrel
Shit, we've (upstate NY, along the Mohawk River) already had our first
snow. Didn't stick, but the chill in the air is literal, not figurative.

@_date: 2003-10-13 16:27:55
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Monkeys Control Robotic Arm With Brain Implants 
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20031013104542.05e677a0
Which means that even armless retarded monkeys can post to c-punks.
Profr, call your office!

@_date: 2003-10-24 16:00:38
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [mnet-devel] DOS in DHTs (fwd from amichrisde@yahoo.de) 
References: <20031023044331.85464.qmail
What does that have to do with anything? We're talking about the United
States. There _is_ no other nation.

@_date: 2003-10-26 19:31:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "If you didn't pay for it, you've stolen it!" 
References:  <3F9C20A4.3080300
Aside from tax laws, I don't know of any US Federal or New York State
laws applying to renting books. A quick search didn't turn up anything
in the US, either. (Though there's so much law out there that 'quick
search of the law' is oxymoronic.) I don't have any resources other than
Google for checking English law.

@_date: 2003-09-04 21:02:30
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
References: Wouldn't work for me. For one thing, I'm a programmer; as John Kozubik noted, identifiers in code look a lot like random strings. For another, I routinely receive email in non-English languages. Not only European languages, which probably have characteristics close enough to English to do matching, but also in Chinese and Korean. And Lojban, too, which itself looks an awful lot like random strings. (And getting legit mail from .cn and .kr prevents me from just blocking the entire TLDs of those national spam factories. My life sucks.)

@_date: 2003-09-08 18:52:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Digital cash and campaign finance reform 
References: <5.2.1.1.0.20030908094314.03b64c40
  <3F5CCBB1.65BC13E4
Would you need to audit it? So long as the contributions can't be tied to a quid-pro-quo arrangement, let the candidates collect as much as they can.
Yah, that's a bigger problem. I guess the first step is, establish a digital bank with at least the credibility and trustworthiness of an ordinary, audited and regulated bank. But without the auditing and regulation because, well, this is the internet age.

@_date: 2003-09-12 20:53:02
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: What's up with the Cypherpunks archive? 
References: _But_ my server has been very unreliable lately. I'm planning on moving the archives to a different box soon, maybe this weekend.

@_date: 2004-04-01 17:39:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and     
References: <406C865D.FAFB5695 	
Can we change the subject? My girlfriend is Chinese, I've already eaten
things that I wouldn't have considered to be food, she doesn't like my
cat, and I don't want her getting any ideas.
However, to answer Robert's question, cat probably wouldn't taste like
chicken. Carnivore and herbivore meat tastes much different.

@_date: 2004-04-02 16:18:23
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: [Politech] John Gilmore on the homeless, RFID tags, and    
References:   	 <20040402175501.GB19833
Yah, ducks and geese, too. But factory chickens, which is almost all of
the chicken most Americans eat, are fed mostly grain.
Huh. The carnivores I've eaten had a distinctive taste, bitter or
something. But I've never eaten any feline, so far as I know.

@_date: 2004-04-21 21:49:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Real-world quantum cryptography 
Click on the News: April 21 link, which goes to
World Premiere: Bank Transfer via Quantum Cryptography Based on
Entangled Photons
Press conference and demonstration of the ground-breaking experiment:
21 April 2004, 11:30, Vienna City Hall  Steinsaal

@_date: 2004-04-21 22:31:43
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Real-world quantum cryptography 
References: <1082598547.13703.8.camel
Gah. That's what I get for trying to do a Hettinga -- he beats me to it.
OK, Bob, you got me this time.

@_date: 2004-04-25 12:14:30
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Is there a Brands certificate reference implementation? 
Does anyone know of a reference implementation for Stefan Brands's
digital certificate scheme? Alternatively, does anyone have an email
address for Brands so I can ask him myself? (I haven't gotten anything
back from ZKS's "contact us" address. But I don't know if Brands is
still at ZKS.)

@_date: 2004-04-25 17:57:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Is there a Brands certificate reference implementation? 
References: <1082909670.12512.119.camel 	
  <408C1EB9.9050007
Pretty amusing -- that link points to the achive I maintain. There's
probably a parable in there about having knowledge at your fingertips
but not knowing it's there.

@_date: 2004-04-26 18:30:24
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: BBC on all-electronic Indian elections 
References: <40854187.9060602 	
  <20040420153819.GG29689 <408D285C.7060302 	
  <20040426153439.GA32694
I voted for Cthulhu -- why vote for the lesser of two evils?

@_date: 2004-04-26 18:39:27
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: BBC on all-electronic Indian elections 
References: <40854187.9060602 	
  <20040420153819.GG29689 <408D285C.7060302 	
  <20040426160027.GA77143   <408D3FC6.8010704
And, like all statists, they went widely astray of their goals. Frank
Zappa's _Jazz from Hell_ got a "Tipper Sticker", indicating obscene
lyrics. They didn't notice that _JfH_ was an instrumental album.

@_date: 2004-08-20 10:29:57
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: T. Kennedy == Terrorist says TSA 
References: It was a mistake, of course. Chappaquiddick-boy should have been put on
the "no-drive" list.

@_date: 2004-08-31 15:44:58
@_author: sfurlong at acmenet.net 
@_subject: Backdoor found in Diebold Voting Tabulators 
References:   <20040831122900.B29323
Quoting Eric Murray :
Don't break out the tinfoil hats yet. Maybe they exceeded their
bandwidth because that link was spread around.

@_date: 2004-12-03 13:03:15
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Unintended Consequences 
References: <41AFFA0C.49AAC2B0
I tried, years before _UC_ came out, to get some friends to name their
daughter Chlamydia. They didn't know what the word meant, but for some
reason didn't trust my advice. Nor did they like Pudenda.
I also tried to get my wife to agree to a heroic name for our son. In
the tradition of Pericles and Sophocles, I present ... Testicles.
No, she didn't go for it.

@_date: 2004-12-04 19:46:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Immediate Exception 
References: <41B2352F.7000702 	
    <41B24724.7020609
Much evidence to the contrary. My life is sucking pretty bad lately, due
to either a long series of fairly unlikely and uniformly unpleasant
coincidences or else the machinations of a malevolent universe set up
specifically to piss me off. Another possibility is that suggested by
the other RAH, the cosmology which presents all of us as mere characters
in the stories told by Authors, the multifarious and nefarious gods.

@_date: 2004-12-04 23:15:43
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
References:  	
  <41B2678A.2040308
Bobbittization would make the burden lighter.

@_date: 2004-12-05 09:55:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
References:  	
  <41B2678A.2040308 <1102220142.19995.1409.camel 	
  <41B31131.5010608 <1102255584.27138.0.camel 	
Random racist ranting is also required. There are some racist assholes
currently posting on cpunks, but none have quite the May flavor.

@_date: 2004-12-06 20:59:13
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
References: <20041206203418.45654.qmail 	
That was bad enough, but for a real "oh my" moment, see elsewhere in
Thompson's missive:
I can't think of any way to use that phrase non-sarcastically.

@_date: 2004-12-08 10:38:29
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
References: <25427560.1102515450304.JavaMail.root
All we need is a Bayesian Maysian filter to separate the wheat from the
(racist | deranged | anarchist | readthearchives) chaff.
On a related note, is it possible that Tim has syphillis and it went to
his brain? His earlier work was certainly insightful, well thought-out,
and useful. His later writings, generally useless and irritating though
they were, still had occasional relevance. Poor Tim, sharing Nietzsche's

@_date: 2004-12-08 11:25:44
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "Word" Of the Subgenius... 
References: <25427560.1102515450304.JavaMail.root
  <1102520309.26009.11.camel 	
I know what you mean, but (a) I didn't write what I meant, and (b) I
don't think a true anarchy would be the proper environment for your
My complaints about Tim's anarchistic writings were about his desire to
watch DC detonate, or to watch a rampage against useless eaters of one
type or another, or the like. However, unless there were a mass uprising
against the current government, or the idea of any government, any
limited demonstration would simply be an excuse for the ratchet to turn
another few clicks. Viz the OKC bombing.
As for anonymous bearer transactions in an anarchy, I'm going to have to
bag on that for now. Not cowardice -- work to do. Later, if I remember,
which I won't because I'm a burnout.

@_date: 2004-02-13 17:34:02
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Windows source leaked? 
References: <402D295E.65C6F8C9
Eric is correct in his reply to MV's article. Joe Programmer isn't
necessarily obligated not to look at leaked trade secrets, but if he
implements anything remotely related to the leaked secret, he and his
employers or customers are subject to being sued for using the secret.
In principle they can prove that the secret didn't have any influence on
the work, but in practice they're stuck having to prove a negative.
Eric is also correct about the "Chinese wall" between the people who
look at or figure out the secret and the implementation group. Back in
the early days of the IBM PC, IBM released the source to the BIOS,
figuring they could use copyright to keep anyone else from implementing
a compatible BIOS. Compaq did the Chinese wall trick, with one group
developing a rigorous spec from the released code, then throwing it over
the wall to the implementation group. If push came to shove, the
implementors could have sworn that they had never seen the IBM code.

@_date: 2004-02-13 21:07:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Windows source leaked? 
References: <402D295E.65C6F8C9 <1076711642.3998.9.camel 	
  <20040214000244.GA22811
Incorrect. Trade secrets that are deliberately released by the owner are
no longer secret. Secrets that are carelessly released by the owner (eg,
wide-open path between their web server and their CVS repository) are
probably no longer secrets, but that's subject to finding of fact if it
goes to trial. Secrets that are stolen or illegally leaked are still
legally secrets. That's pretty clear, though things like developers
leaving a company and using their knowledge elsewhere can be
questionable. That's why most companies have non-disclosure forms for
you to sign when you start work.
Regarding case law cites, you can check google or findlaw as well as I.
Here, for the lazy or inept, is a useful page:
That, too. In the case of IBM's PC-BIOS that I mentioned before, IBM
relied on copyright rather than trade secret. (Obviously, given that
they released the source themselves.) Note, also, that that happened in
the days before rampant software patents. If the same were to happen
today, they'd almost certainly get a patent on their BIOS, and Compaq
wouldn't have been able to do their clean-room reimplementation.

@_date: 2004-02-25 23:49:11
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Authentification required. Read the attachment! 
References: LNE, neither.
majordomo at al-qaeda.net
majordomo at ds.pro-ns.net

@_date: 2004-02-29 21:16:52
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
References: <40426560.8B3D9993
On Sun, 2004-02-29 at 17:19, Major Variola (ret.) forwarded:
Begging the question of whether Blix was actually on the same side as
the Brits or the US.

@_date: 2004-01-03 23:10:21
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Alt.cypherpunks will be where I do most of my posting 
References:   <3FF5FC84.16509.17A19C09
I don't see anything on alt.cypherpunks, except for a test message I put
up a couple of days ago. Alas, my ISP, having been bought out recently,
has become unresponsive. (Yah, I know there are work-arounds for
getting  newsgroups which are not carried by your ISP, but they are
_work_-arounds, which involve work, which involves time, which I have
only in short supply.)

@_date: 2004-01-07 21:03:32
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Engineers in U.S. vs. India 
References: <20040107202515.H29156-100000
  <3FFC97F2.30807
In the mid-1980s, the US Department of Defense, at the time the largest
software customer in the world, told its vendors that 10% (I think) of
their software development staff must be software engineers. Along came
the HR fairies with their magic wands and poof! almost all software
developers were software engineers.
The SE job title has ebbed and flowed, as Jim said. It means little
other than "programmer" in the US. As Jim said in another message,
almost all states restrict the use of the term "engineer" to those who
are licensed. But most don't really enforce that rule, so HR departments
are free to give their programming staff the glorious title. However,
contrary to Jim's statement, Texas does license software engineers. (See
 .) I don't know if any
other states license SEs.
SRF, degreed Software Engineer (hooray, me)

@_date: 2004-01-10 21:53:42
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
References:   <6.0.1.1.2.20040109173438.02e13ec0
  <20040110180219.R98144
I've occasionally handed out pamphlets on jury nullification outside the
local county courthouse. Never been arrested for it, but I've caught a
raft of shit from cops. The cops were acting, presumably, under
direction from the judges or maybe the DA. Those guys just hate jurors
thinking for themselves, you know.

@_date: 2004-01-11 17:18:33
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
References:   <6.0.1.1.2.20040109173438.02e13ec0
  <20040110180219.R98144 <1073789622.21798.1.camel
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040111111828.052342a8
No. Once it was requested (strongly requested, just short of a demand
with threats), but when I demanded his justification he backed down. In
NY, at least at the time, citizens were not required to carry or present
ID, nor identify themselves on demand without cause. I believe that is
no longer the case.

@_date: 2004-01-12 02:33:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
References:   <6.0.1.1.2.20040109173438.02e13ec0
  <20040110180219.R98144 <1073789622.21798.1.camel
  <6.0.1.1.0.20040111111828.052342a8
  <5E09FF4E-4470-11D8-8654-000A956B4C74
  <1073859164.3322.17.camel
Tim is referring to Edward Lawson, arrested repeatedly and convicted
once in the late 1970s for walking around without ID. The appeal made it
to the Supreme Court, as Kolender v Lawson, 461 US 352 (1983). Lawson's
conviction was overturned on grounds that the "identify yourself" law
was too vague. Not surprisingly, Justice "Actual Innocence" Rehnquist
felt that the law was good and Lawson's conviction was righteous.
The opinion, with some introductory material, can be found at
A web page discussing this case in relation to a national ID card is

@_date: 2004-01-12 22:46:40
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: US Finally Kills The 2nd Ammendment 
References:   <6.0.1.1.2.20040109173438.02e13ec0
  <20040110180219.R98144 <1073789622.21798.1.camel
  <20040111184252.V14657
  <1073933718.1134.27.camel
A few years ago I wrote a short paper looking at government-installed
snoopware in terms of the 3rd A. Given that the other BoR amendments
have been broadly interpreted in light of new technology, it's
reasonable to view software as "soldiers". In light of the Scarfo case
(keyboard sniffer software installed in a black-bag operation, ca. 1990)
I'd argue that the Fedz have violated the 3rd A. (My paper was before
Scarfo, so I claim some prescience. Alas.)

@_date: 2004-07-19 14:09:59
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Reputation Capital Article - 1st Monday: Manifesto for the  
References: <20040719085119.GD1141 	
It's ok, you can still say "Tim May" around here.

@_date: 2004-03-01 17:10:51
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Gentlemen reading mail part II 
References:  	
  <404359CB.3080509
Ugh. I did _not_ want to think about Kofi Annan yodeling for hours while
abusing his skin flute.

@_date: 2004-03-06 10:56:28
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Earthlink to Test Caller ID for E-Mail 
References: <20040306121426.GT18046    	 <20040306132118.GU18046 No, pseudonymity lets others identify messages on, say c-punks, as
coming from a particular sender. Reputation can work here, even with no
meat-space identity attached. Anonymity means reputation can't work, so
each message has to be taken on its own, with no history to give clues
as to bias or reliability. I certainly wouldn't want to have to wade
through all the traffic, wondering which from Eugen and which from the
Australian-shithead-who-shall-not-be-named. Yah, it's easy enough to
tell once you've read the message, but I'd rather filter it out on the
"From:" level.
I realize that your, RAH's, "book" mostly deals with financial
transactions. In the very narrow domain of transactions which don't
require any trust, anonymity should be as useful as pseudonymity. In the
more general case, I'd think true anonymity would be a handicap. eg, I'm
certainly not going to send my hard-earned e-money to the account of
some untraceable joker in exchange for his promise to deliver me a
week's worth of groceries.

@_date: 2004-03-14 09:02:41
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Career advise on entering the tech field 
References: <405451E3.9F6C72C4
If Sarath is, in fact, a student who will soon be looking for work, he
may do just fine. Getting a tech job has little to do with how much you
know or how well you can do the work. Most of getting a job, at least in
the US, has to do with putting together a resume that will get you a
call-back, and with impressing the HR guys during the first interview.
Neither of these need have any bearing on actual qualifications.
Once he has a job in the tech field, someone with people skills
sufficient to get others to do his work for him will get farther ahead
than the techie who actually does the work. Of course, it's easier for a
woman to pull this off in the typical tech-heavy company -- a woman just
has to chat with the guys, whereas a man will have to actively
brown-nose the bosses or ask favors of his co-workers.

@_date: 2004-11-24 20:39:00
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Oswald 
References: <41A53608.827B16BA
A piece-of-shit boltie. I don't believe the official story, myself.
Huh. Just realized, now that I'm spouting conspiracy theories I must
finally be a real cpunks list member.

@_date: 2004-11-25 11:32:07
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Patriot Insurance 
References: <41A5E072.4050104
It's been a while since I was in the US Army, but I'm sure that the life
insurance we had didn't cover parachute-related deaths and I vaguely
recall it didn't cover combat deaths. Kinda serious omissions, from the
soldier's point of view.

@_date: 2004-11-25 18:06:35
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: US-centrism 
References: <41A5E072.4050104   <20041125211601.GO1457
Response 1:
When the US sneezes, the world catches a cold.
Response 2:
The cpunks list isn't US-centric, but most of the regular posters are in
the US. Even if you don't count Bob Hettinga because he mostly forwards
news articles rather than write original content, and don't count Tyler
Durden and me because we're idiots, I think you still have mostly
Americans posting.

@_date: 2004-11-27 10:12:49
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Tin Foil Passports? 
References: <41A890E7.5BF983A2
But, but, but ... This is *government approved* metal foil. It's the
good stuff. You can trust them -- they're from the government, and
they're here to help.
On your broader point, yah. I'll check out /. once in a while for
pointers to news items and more rarely for the "ask slashdot" items, but
most of the comments are garbage and probably half of the posts are
garbage. The question is, has /. gotten worse since it was fresh, or
have I grown less tolerant of ill-informed, shoot-off-at-the-mouth
kiddies? (I have a 4-digit slashdot user id, to show how long ago I came
across them.)

@_date: 2004-11-28 22:33:39
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: geographically removed? 
References: <41AA1C7E.1766.4C2991D
Heh. When the stasi come a-callin' tell them they'll have to wait
because you've got bigger problems. Wonder how well that would work?
I see that an irrevocable payment system, used by itself, is ripe for
fraud, more so if it's anonymous. But why wouldn't a mature system make
use of trusted intermediaries? The vendors register with the intermedi-
ary *, who takes some pains to verify their identity, trustworthiness,
and so on, and to keep the vendors' identities a secret, if appropriate.
The sellers pay the intermediary, who takes a piece of the action to act
basically as an insurer of the vendor's good faith. If there's a problem
with the service or merchandise and the vendor won't make good, the
intermediary is responsible for making the buyer whole. Is there some
reason this wouldn't work? If not, why hasn't anyone tried it yet? Not
enough cash flow to make it worth their while?
* There's a proper word for "trusted intermediaries" in this context,
but hanged if I can remember it.

@_date: 2004-10-01 10:22:08
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: "ID Rules Exist, But Can't Be Seen" 
References: Have you ever done penetration testing? It would be harder at a small
airport because the people all know each other. It's the larger
organizations in which you're able to cloak yourself in anonymity.
You are correct, however, in your characterization of the screeners.
Sheesh, what a bunch of mouth-breathing imbeciles and petty thieves. I
haven't flown since 2001, but I bring people to NYC airports frequently,
and am always impressed with TSA's level of professionalism. Not
favorably impressed, mind you, but impressed.

@_date: 2004-10-03 10:22:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Foreign Travelers Face Fingerprints and Jet Lag 
References: Reign in the overheated rhetoric. The East German state built their wall
to keep the East Germans from leaving, while the US policies are meant
to keep out a demonstrated threat.
Now, we can productively discuss the effectiveness of the US
government's actions (ie, not very damn effective), but that's a
different topic.

@_date: 2004-10-07 15:09:50
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Quantum cryptography gets "practical" 
References:  	
  <4163C899.5040708
But it's cool!
More seriously, it has no advantage now, but maybe something will come
up. The early telephones were about useless, too, remember. In the mean
time, the coolness factor will keep people playing with it and
researching it.

@_date: 2004-10-07 15:16:34
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Quantum cryptography gets "practical" 
References:  	
  <41658FDD.7010809
Well, if it's good enough for Microsoft, it's good enough for everyone.
I have it on good authority that Microsoft's designers and programmers
are second to none. (Microsoft's marketing department is a good
authority, right?)

@_date: 2004-10-09 07:44:53
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Implant replaces ID cards for access to restricted areas. 
References: <8e5b8994046e2cba50b02a5311eb8d62
I think I'd get the implant under my scalp somewhere. If the implant
gave access to a really critical place, I wouldn't want to risk losing
an arm or whatever. Also, I'd be able to block the implant's signals
with my nifty tinfoil hat. I've been waiting for a use for that thing.

@_date: 2004-10-09 14:14:01
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: RFID Driver's licenses for VA 
References: <41680BCA.BF9B9C8E
And rub that funny black and white smudge thing with nail polish remover

@_date: 2004-10-16 19:08:23
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <4170A6FE.403C8BF7
The unidentified John Doe  looked awfully Arabic, though.

@_date: 2004-10-18 17:52:58
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Airport insanity 
References: <4173AD89.18179.7B2C37 	
  <0410182112090.11608
If some asshole is coming at you with a knife, it's cowardly to shoot
him before he's in range? Dumbass.

@_date: 2004-10-19 22:04:46
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Printers betray document secrets 
References:  	
  <417575BA.8090205
I think you're thinking of color copiers.

@_date: 2004-10-20 17:36:20
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: 13yo arrested for kiddie porn 
First saw the story linked from Drudge, then googled up a handful of
Boy,13. arrested on child porn charges
TACOMA, Wash. -- A 13-year-old Lacey boy is accused of child pornography
by taking pictures of himself and posting them on the Internet.
The boy was arrested Wednesday by investigators from the State Patrol's
Missing and Exploited Children task force. They also seized three
The boy is being held in juvenile detention without bail. Prosecutors
expect to file charges by Monday.

@_date: 2004-10-27 21:21:21
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: the simian unelected is blocking the world 
References: <20041027101159.GB1457 	
Not that the French or other dickless wonders would attempt to conduct a
DDoS on GWB's site, or anything.
Missouri and Illinois also have a good record for registering children,
the dead, and other people who would normally not vote. Why should
furriners be denied the chance to participate in these strongholds of

@_date: 2004-10-28 13:38:05
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: Turtles all the way down... (was  Re: Attention Alif: RDNS 
References: <20041028035012.C718F8C3129 	
  <20041027225401.G26123
On the contrary, there's a constant stream of shit on this list.
_Someone_ must be pretty regular.

@_date: 2004-10-28 14:28:43
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: the simian unelected is blocking the world 
References: <20041027101159.GB1457 	
    <1098926481.2719.3.camel    <20041027205451.J26123
After the divorce, was she still related to her ex? Or am I thinking of

@_date: 2004-09-28 15:55:45
@_author: Steve Furlong 
@_subject: How to fuck with airports - a 1 step guide for (Redmond)   
References:  	
  <4159AF50.1000104
How the heck do they keep a Win95 machine up for 49 days? I think 1 day
is a more realistic MTBF.
