
@_date: 2016-02-09 02:15:53
@_author: shakeitoff at ghostmail.com 
@_subject: request for comment re &quot;contributor-covenant.org&quot; 
Hi Ted, 
Yes, I agree with you. 
Supposedly, this list was for anarchists who wanted to advance strong cryptography and individual liberty. 
However, it seems like the large majority of postings here are unfortunately not about cryptography, nor anarchy.  Agreed about the white fascism. 
The ideal would be idea to have more code, more crypto. 
However, as you said, it might be a lost cause. Which is quite sad, considering what it originally represented. But thanks for writing this nonetheless :) 
Somewhat confusing threading here Cari.
I see a few possibilities as to what I could do here:
      * Be vigilant in calling out patriarchal, racist, and generally
        neoliberal or fascist ideas promoted by some of the more recent
        arrivals.
              * This would provided a benchmark on the list indicating
                that these ideas are not generally accepted.
              * This would also require me to argue with assholes on the
                Internet. As the say goes, pigs, mud, etc..
      * Filter these people out and try to maintain productive on-topic
        discussion.
              * This would be of limited usefulness since people who I
                generally find to be quality contributors continue to
                respond to the Stormfront-esque crowd.
      * Filter the whole list, comb through it periodically to see if
        there is any useful signal, and call out the most egregious
        offenses I can find.
              * This is what I've chosen to do since it is optimal from
                my time perspective.
I think this list is a lost cause at this point. Ever since around the
time it became more discoverable after the switch from al-qaeda.net to
cpunks.org, and some possibly overzealous cross-posting, the discourse
has shifted from actual cypherpunkery to white men complaining about
having their privilege eroded on other mailing lists. There are a number
of quality contributors that no longer post here, reducing the signal
and allowing more noise. I can't bring them back. But I can at least
remind anyone more moderate listening that the cypherpunks list wasn't
always a far-right discussion group, which I think is the reverence due
to the community that used to exist.
I'd appreciate any suggestions, onlist or offline, from anyone who
thinks similarly of the ideological drift of this list from generally
anti-authoritarian to crypto-white nationalism.
Mon Feb 08 2016 6:30:25 PM from dan at geer.org
By my records, the word "sheeple" appears in 2% of all messages
posted on this list, making it demonstrably ironic that we are
even discussing a call for something other than meritocracy.
        Sent from secure GhostMail. Easy and free encrypted email, chat and cloud storage, free sign up here:

@_date: 2016-01-29 13:25:20
@_author: shakeitoff at ghostmail.com 
@_subject: request for comment re &quot;contributor-covenant.org&quot; 
Why doesn't the gleeful roasting extend to the bigotry and chauvinism on this list? Why are these silently accepted?
Cypherpunks defines government as “a home for bullies masquerading as a collective defense.” Interestingly, that is how I would describe your above approach.
Be careful of becoming the oppressor.
Look around. Do the people around you look like you? Think like you? Come from the same background as you?
This is a problem. The lack of diversity in this group is not a magical phenomenon without a root cause.
There is a deeper problem. If (and how) this should change is up to this community.
Sadly, the ideals of this community are often lost in the (typically incoherent) bigotry spewing from the trolls.
4.12.4. "Crypto Anarchy sounds too wild for me."
 - I accept that many people will find the implications of
 crypto anarchy (which follows in turn from the existence of
 strong cryptography, via the Crypto Anarchy Principle) to
 be more than they can accept.
 - This is OK (not that you need my OK!). The house of
 Cypherpunks has many rooms.
All are welcome. I hope.
Wow. How fucking elitist can you be? 
        Sent from secure GhostMail. Easy and free encrypted email, chat and cloud storage, free sign up here:

@_date: 2016-01-30 18:07:46
@_author: shakeitoff at ghostmail.com 
@_subject: request for comment re 
> Whatever bigotry and chauvinism there is, you don't seem to
You are right. I've done nothing but watch in silence when it happens.
The responsibility is mine, but it is also yours, and it is everyone's in this community.
Speaking out against injustice is not censorship. Although perhaps this could be considered a fine line.
        Sent from secure GhostMail. Easy and free encrypted email, chat and cloud storage, free sign up here:

@_date: 2016-01-31 15:01:04
@_author: shakeitoff at ghostmail.com 
@_subject: request for comment re 
The main worry is when “gleeful roasting” slips into bullying and irreversible harm. It's easy for a collective group to shout someone out for the wrong reasons. 
Censorship is not the answer to this. But having plain, honest, thoughtful conversations might be. 
If you create an environment that is conducive to only one socioeconomic class, you lose individuals who are strong technologists, but whom don’t fit a certain race/gender/economic profile.
It is a loss for the community when strong technologists leave because they do not fit the socioeconomic culture of the majority. Especially when considering what this group is fundamentally trying to resist. 
This is the ideal- to not even have to talk/think about socioeconomic issues, and focus on common issues- on how to reverse the end of privacy, on writing code, on ensuring strong cryptography.
No, there is nothing begrudging. I’m here because I want to be useful to ensure that privacy and personal liberty and privacy continue to exist. And to learn.
This is the ask:  don’t let this be a space where someone has to struggle between alignment to the cypherpunks ideology (writing code, ensuring privacy and liberty, preserving cryptography) and alienation because of one’s socioeconomic background.
Also, let us not forget who the real enemy is.
Thank you.
        Sent from secure GhostMail. Easy and free encrypted email, chat and cloud storage, free sign up here:
