
@_date: 2005-09-28 12:17:23
@_author: Shekhar Krishnan 
@_subject: [Geowanking] Google Earth Exposes the Indian Military 
Dear All:
:: apologies for cross-posting ::
This has caused quite an uproar in Mumbai, and the consequences will be
interesting to follow.
To read more about open geo-data and free mapping initiatives in India,
see the Mumbai Free Map (  |
 |  ).
Please also visit and sign the open geo-data manifesto hosted by the
Open Knowledge Foundation (  ) and
visit Mapping Hacks (  ).
Google Earth exposes IAF bases
CHARLES ASSISI
TIMES NEWS NETWORK[ TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 2005 12:16:08 AM ]
MUMBAI: Legally, you aren???t supposed to come within arm???s length of
India???s military bases. Whether it is the naval dockyards in Mumbai or
the air force bases in New Delhi, Bangalore and Hyderabad, they continue
to be strictly out of bounds for unauthorised personnel.
But technology, unerringly, finds ways to subvert the law. A little over
two weeks ago, Google released fresh satellite images of New Delhi,
south Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad as part of its new initiative,
Google Earth (    ). These images, available to
anybody with access to the Net, provide users with images of earth from
Punch New Delhi and the software first zooms in on Rashtrapati Bhavan.
After having taken a look at its lawns, take in a detailed perspective
of Parliament building. Maybe, fly over the Prime Minister???s residence.
And if that doesn???t satiates the voyeur in you, move over to Palam
Airport where IAF planes are based.
The level of detail even reveals the camouflage used to mask hangars.
Pictures of Mumbai reveal with numbing clarity the docks where INS
Viraat is berthed. Users can zoom close enough to take a reasonably good
look at the deck of India???s lone aircraft carrier. Browse around and you
can stroll past piers where warships of all kinds and submarines are
Pan across to take a long look at what lies beyond the fortified gates
of Navy Nagar where access is normally controlled by gun-wielding
guards. And if that isn???t enough, there are shots of a carrier under
construction, which sources speculate, could be the top secret advanced
technology vessel (ATV).
It???s much the same thing with Bangalore. The air force base at Yelahanka
with the jets and helicopters parked are available for all to view. And
if it???s the HAL factory you???re interested in, zoom right in.
Shekhar Krishnan
9, Supriya, 2nd Floor
709, Parsee Colony Road no.4
Dadar, Mumbai 400014
Geowanking mailing list
Geowanking at lists.burri.to
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
