
@_date: 2012-12-17 05:11:20
@_author: Shelley 
@_subject: too big to jail 
It's all such bullshit.  The US gov't simply can't risk having their long
history of complicity in and facilitation of these activities revealed in open
What a joke.
"God is an ever-receding pocket of scientific ignorance that's getting smaller
and smaller and smaller as time goes on."
B' Neil deGrasse Tyson
Justice4assange.com/US-ExtraditionOn Dec 17, 2012 4:59 AM, Eugen Leitl
Historical times.

@_date: 2013-08-18 07:07:38
@_author: Shelley 
@_subject: Is the Wikileaks Party a cypherpunk party? 
Ginsberg himself would be envious of John's talent of turning a phrase while ranting wise.  That's pure poetry.
 Cryptome beats its stick frustrated in a dim cotton pick weigh shed.
WikiLeaks wails, release me, dog-fuck-stuck in a worldwide power grid.
Manning and Snowden got the humongous brass balls leak exploiters
lack exactly like leaker defenders and fans.

@_date: 2013-08-21 08:37:31
@_author: Shelley 
@_subject: Bradley Manning's sentence: 35 years for exposing us to the truth 
Bradley Manning's sentence: 35 years for exposing us to the truth
This was never a fair trial – Obama declared Manning's guilt in advance. But Manning's punishment is an affront to democracy
Birgitta Jónsdóttir
theguardian.com, Wednesday 21 August 2013 10.29 EDT
Jump to comments (…)
Link to video: Bradley Manning: 35 years in jail for an outsider who had trouble fitting in – video
As of today, Wednesday 21 August 2013, Bradley Manning has served 1,182 days in prison. He should be released with a sentence of time served. Instead, the judge in his court martial at Fort Meade, Maryland has handed down a sentence of 35 years.
Of course, a humane, reasonable sentence of time served was never going to happen. This trial has, since day one, been held in a kangaroo court. That is not angry rhetoric; the reason I am forced to frame it in that way is because President Obama made the following statements on record, before the trial even started:
President Obama: We're a nation of laws. We don't individually make our own decisions about how the laws operate … He broke the law.
Logan Price: Well, you can make the law harder to break, but what he did was tell us the truth.
President Obama: Well, what he did was he dumped …
Logan Price: But Nixon tried to prosecute Daniel Ellsberg for the same thing and he is a … [hero]
President Obama: No, it isn't the same thing … What Ellsberg released wasn't classified in the same way.
When the president says that the Ellsberg's material was classified in a different way, he seems to be unaware that there was a higher classification on the documents Ellsberg leaked.
A fair trial, then, has never been part of the picture. Despite being a professor in constitutional law, the president as commander-in-chief of the US military – and Manning has been tried in a court martial – declared Manning's guilt pre-emptively. Here is what the Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg had to say about this, in an interview with Amy Goodman at DemocracyNow! in 2011:
Well, nearly everything the president has said represents a confusion about the state of the law and his own responsibilities. Everyone is focused, I think, on the fact that his commander-in-chief has virtually given a directed verdict to his subsequent jurors, who will all be his subordinates in deciding the guilt in the trial of Bradley Manning. He's told them already that their commander, on whom their whole career depends, regards him [Manning] as guilty and that they can disagree with that only at their peril. In career terms, it's clearly enough grounds for a dismissal of the charges, just as my trial was dismissed eventually for governmental misconduct.
But what people haven't really focused on, I think, is another problematic aspect of what he said. He not only was identifying Bradley Manning as the source of the crime, but he was assuming, without any question, that a crime has been committed.
This alone should have been cause for the judge in the case to rethink prosecutors' demand for 60 years in prison. Manning himself has shown throughout the trial both that he is a humanitarian and that he is willing to serve time for his actions. We have to look at his acts in light of his moral compass, not any political agenda.
Manning intentions were never to hurt anyone; in fact, his motivation – as was the case for Ellsberg – was to inform the American public about what their government was doing in their name. A defense forensic psychiatrist testified to Manning's motives:
Well, Pfc Manning was under the impression that his leaked information was going to really change how the world views the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and future wars, actually. This was an attempt to crowdsource an analysis of the war, and it was his opinion that if … through crowdsourcing, enough analysis was done on these documents, which he felt to be very important, that it would lead to a greater good … that society as a whole would come to the conclusion that the war wasn't worth it … that really no wars are worth it.
I admit that I share the same hopes that drove Manning to share with the rest of the world the crimes of war he witnessed. I am deeply disappointed that no one has been held accountable for the criminality exposed in the documents for which Manning is standing trial – except him. It shows so clearly that our justice systems are not working as intended to protect the general public and to hold accountable those responsible for unspeakable crimes.
I want to thank Bradley Manning for the service he has done for humanity with his courage and compassionate action to inform us, so that we have the means to transform and change our societies for the better. I want to thank him for shining light into the shadows. It is up to each and everyone of us to use the information he provided for the greater good. I want to thank him for making our world a little better. This is why I nominated him for the Nobel Peace Prize, for there are very few individuals who have ever brought about the kind of social change Manning has put in motion.
The wave of demands for greater transparency, more accountability, and democratic reform originate with Manning's lonely act in the barracks in Iraq. He has given others – such as Edward Snowden – the courage to do the right thing for the rest of us. The heavy hand dealt Bradley Manning today is a massive blow against everything many of us hold sacred – at a time when we have been shown how fragile and weak our democracies are by the revelations of, first, Manning, and now, Snowden.
There is no such thing as privacy anymore; nor is there such a thing as accountability among our public servants. Our governments do not function for the benefit of the 99%. If Manning had received a fair sentence that was in proportion to his supposed crime – which was to expose us to the truth – then there would have been hope.
Instead, we are seeing the state acting like a wounded tiger, cornered and lashing out in rage – attacking the person who speaks the truth in order to frighten the rest of us into silence. But to that, I have only one answer: it won't work.

@_date: 2013-12-21 19:45:08
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: FYI 
Mind giving a brief description of what it is next time?  I don't make a habit of downloading pdfs blindly from .gov sites (especially that one)
If it's the NSA review group report, it can also be found at Cryptome:

@_date: 2013-12-21 20:11:33
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: FYI 
Okay, I laughed.  Ya bastid ;)
 >>indeed. though this does bring up another question: i wonder if JYA will ever give in and support httpS? ... it would at least avoid trivial plaintext observation. 
Good point...

@_date: 2013-07-30 11:16:33
@_author: Shelley 
@_subject: Bradley Manning Verdict 
-Convicted of multiple Espionage Act violations
-Acquitted of 'aiding the enemy' charge
Ed Pilkington at Fort Meade
theguardian.com, Tuesday 30 July 2013 13.30 EDT
Bradley Manning has already spent 1,157 days in detention since his arrest in May 2010.
Bradley Manning, the source of the massive WikiLeaks trove of secret disclosures, faces a possible maximum sentence of more than 130 years in military jail after he was convicted of most charges on which he stood trial.
Colonel Denise Lind, the military judge presiding over the court martial of the US soldier, delivered her verdict in curt and pointed language. "Guilty, guilty, guilty, guilty," she repeated over and over, as the reality of a prolonged prison sentence for Manning – on top of the three years he has already spent in detention – dawned.
The one ray of light in an otherwise bleak outcome for Manning was that he was found not guilty of the single most serious charge against him – that he knowingly "aided the enemy", in practice al-Qaida, by disclosing information to the WikiLeaks website that in turn made it accessible to all users including enemy groups.
Lind's decision to avoid setting a precedent by applying the swingeing "aiding the enemy" charge to an official leaker will invoke a sigh of relief from news organisations and civil liberties groups who had feared a guilty verdict would send a chill across public interest journalism.
The judge also found Manning not guilty of having leaked an encrypted copy of a video of a US air strike in the Farah province of Aghanistan in which many civilians died. Manning's defence team had argued vociferously that he was not the source of this video, though the soldier did admit to later disclosure of an unencrypted version of the video and related documents.
Lind also accepted Manning's version of several of the key dates in the WikiLeaks disclosures, and took some of the edge from other less serious charges. But the overriding toughness of the verdict remains: the soldier was found guilty in their entirety of 17 out of the 22 counts against him, and of an amended version of four others.
Manning was also found guilty of "wrongfully and wantonly" causing to be published on the internet intelligence belonging to the US, "having knowledge that intelligence published on the internet is accesible to the enemy". That guilty ruling could still have widest ramifications for news organisations working on investigations relating to US national security.
Once the counts are added up, the prospects for the Manning are bleak. Barring reduction of sentence for mitigation, which becomes the subject of another mini-trial dedicated to sentencing that starts tomorrow, Manning will face a substantial chunk of his adult life in military custody.
He has already spent 1,157 days in detention since his arrest in May 2010 – most recently in Fort Leavenworth in Kansas – which will be deducted from his eventual sentence.
A further 112 days will be taken off the sentence as part of a pre-trial ruling in which Lind compensated him for the excessively harsh treatment he endured at the Quantico marine base in Virginia between July 2010 and April 2011. He was kept on suicide watch for long stretches despite expert opinion from military psychiatrists who deemed him to be at low risk of self-harm, and at one point was forced to strip naked at night in conditions that the UN denounced as a form of torture.
Lind has indicated that she will go straight into the sentencing phase of the trial, in which both defence and prosecution lawyers will call new witnesses. This is being seen as the critical stage of the trial for Manning's defence: the soldier admitted months ago to being the source of the WikiLeaks disclosures, and much of the defence strategy has been focused on attempting to reduce his sentence through mitigation.
With that in mind, the soldier's main counsel, David Coombs, is likely to present evidence during the sentencing phase that Manning was in a fragile emotional state at the time he began leaking and was struggling with issues over his sexuality. In pre-trial hearings, the defence has argued that despite his at times erratic behaviour, the accused was offered very little support or counselling from his superiors at Forward Operating Base Hammer outside Baghdad.
The outcome will now be pored over by government agencies, lawyers, journalists and civil liberties groups for its implications for whistleblowing, investigative reporting and the guarding of state secrets in the digital age. By passing to WikiLeaks more than 700,000 documents, Manning became the first mass digital leaker in history, opening a whole new chapter in the age-old tug-of-war between government secrecy and the public's right to information in a democracy.
Among those who will also be closely analysing the verdict are Edward Snowden, the former NSA contractor who has disclosed the existence of secret government dragnets of the phone records of millions of Americans, who has indicated that the treatment of Manning was one reason for his decision to seek asylum in another country rather than face similar aggressive prosecution in America. The British government will also be dissecting the courtroom results after the Guardian disclosed that Manning is a joint British American citizen.
Another party that will be intimately engaged with the verdict is WikiLeaks, and its founder, Julian Assange. They have been the subject of a secret grand jury investigation in Virginia that has been looking into whether to prosecute them for their role in the Manning disclosures.
WikiLeaks and Assange were mentioned repeatedly during the trial by the US government which tried to prove that the anti-secrecy organisation had directly steered Manning in his leaking activities, an allegation strongly denied by the accused. Prosecutors drew heavily on still classified web conversations between Manning and an individual going by the name of "Press Association", whom the government alleges was Assange.

@_date: 2013-11-06 02:01:46
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: fuck these guys 
References: <20131106085614.GA5661
Thank you for posting this, Eugen.  I would have missed this exchange.
My sentiments, exactly.  Fuck these guys, indeed.

@_date: 2013-11-13 17:28:00
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Brazil and Germany issue joint UN resolution on Digital Privacy 
References: <52839CE3.2000202
 <52839E92.2010806 <5283E466.4060201
 <5283EDC1.7010408 <52840B2F.2080305
Same experience as Guido when trying to dl using Griffin's link.  (I
don't allow cookies or .js either.)  Kind of ironic, given the topic is
digital privacy...
JYA will likely (or has already) post it on Cryptome, I'll get it there.

@_date: 2013-11-18 16:05:11
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Your errors about me in your book. 
I don't consider it to be spam.  It's relevant to the list and the history of cypherpunks.  What was done to Jim was so egregiously wrong, I think he has the right to correct the facts whenever possible.  Greenberg has a responsibility to address these concerns.
We have new list members all the time who may not know the backstory, and it's important.  We're adults, we can just skip over list-relevant posts we don't want to read.
 It sounds very important to you and spam to the rest of us.
Then don't read the message, Al.  The reality is that Greenberg wrote a very prominent book, which effectively libeled me on the subject of events which are related to Cypherpunks.  I think that the readers of this list will want to know that, about Mr. Greenberg, and in the future they will want to see what he does about it.
           Jim Bell
        From: Al Billings <albill at openbuddha.com>
 To: Jim Bell <jamesdbell8 at yahoo.com>  Sent: Monday, November 18, 2013 3:04 PM
 Subject: Re: Your errors about me in your book.
Why are we being spammed with this? I don’t care about your lawyers or books with you in them.Al Billingsalbill at openbuddha.com
Al Billings
albill at openbuddha.com

@_date: 2013-11-19 13:02:14
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Your errors about me in your book. 
No, we're talking about Jim Bell.  Not Assange.  
As Ted said, lurk more.

@_date: 2013-11-19 13:58:26
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Your errors about me in your book. 
Then just shut your fucking mouth and skip over messages you don't want to read instead of spamming the entire list with your ignorant bullshit.
 You seem to be confusing “I don’t give a shit about Jim” with “I have no idea who Jim is.”
No, we're talking about Jim Bell.  Not Assange.  As Ted said, lurk more. 
Al Billings
albill at openbuddha.com

@_date: 2013-10-14 20:09:20
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: To Get Around US Law, The NSA Collects Email Address Books And 
To Get Around US Law, The NSA Collects Email Address Books And Chat Buddy Lists From Foreign Locations
by	 ALEX WILHELM posted 2 Hours Ago
The Washington Post [link below] broke news this afternoon that the National Security Agency (NSA) is collecting huge numbers of email address books and chat buddy lists for both foreign individuals and United States citizens.
It appears that the NSA lacks Congressional authority to collect buddy lists and address book information in the way that it currently does. As the Post rightly points out, address book data can include physical addresses, very personal information, and more.
To get around that lack of a mandate, the NSA has agreements with non-U.S. telcos and works with other, non-U.S. intelligence groups. So to get its hands on even more information, the NSA avoids the constraints of its provided oversight and legal boundaries, by going to alternative sources of the data that it wants.
That matters because the rules of other countries for tracking the communication of United States citizens are more lax. Recall that the NSA is in some ways slowed from collecting information on citizens of the United States, but not those of other countries.
So, if the NSA is willing to accept data from foreign intelligence agencies that it is not able to collect in this case, why not in other cases as well?
If the NSA won’t respect the constraints that are put in place on its actions for a reason, and will instead shirk its responsibilities and find a way to get all the data it could ever desire, then we have even less reason to trust its constant petitions that it follows the law, and is the only thing keeping the United States safe from conflagration.
The Post continues: “When information passes through ‘the overseas collection apparatus,’ [an intelligence office] added, ‘the assumption is you’re not a U.S. person.’” This means that when the NSA sweeps up contact data, buddy lists, and address sets from overseas, the same rules that keep it from collecting information on United States citizens aren’t likely in play. Minimization, it would seem, would be minimal.
The phone metadata program knows who you called, when, and for how long. PRISM can force your private information out of major Internet companies. XKeyscore can read your email, and tracks most of what you do online. And the above program circumvents Congressional oversight by collecting more data on U.S. citizens by merely executing that collection abroad.
How private are you feeling?
Facebook provided TechCrunch with the following statement:
“As we have said many times, we believe that while governments have an important responsibility to keep people safe, it is possible to do so while also being transparent. We strongly encourage all governments to provide greater transparency about their efforts aimed at keeping the public safe, and we will continue to be aggressive advocates for greater disclosure.”
Microsoft repeated to TechCrunch what it had told the Washington Post, that it “does not provide any government with direct or unfettered access to our customers’ data” and that if the above revelations are true, then the company would “have significant concerns.”
Source: (also archived at Cryptome)

@_date: 2013-10-19 09:43:04
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Cheney afraid of terrist h4x0rs 
I laughed out loud for a good thirty seconds!  Karma's a bitch, innit?
If only.  Heh.
  Cheney had heart device partially disabled to prevent a terrorist from
sending a fatal shock
Olivia Harris, Pool, File/Associated Press -  In an interview with CBS’ ”60
Minutes,” former Vice President Dick Cheney says he once feared that
terrorists could use the electrical device that had been implanted near his
heart to kill him and had his doctor disable its wireless function.
By Associated Press, Saturday, October 19, 1:34 AM
WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Dick Cheney says he once feared that
terrorists could use the electrical device that had been implanted near his
heart to kill him and had his doctor disable its wireless function.
Cheney has a history of heart trouble, suffering the first of five heart
attacks at age 37. He underwent a heart transplant last year at age 71.
In an interview with CBS’ ”60 Minutes,” Cheney says doctors replaced an
implanted defibrillator near his heart in 2007. The device can detect
irregular heartbeats and control them with electrical jolts.
Cheney says that he and his doctor, cardiologist Jonathan Reiner, turned off
the device’s wireless function in case a terrorist tried to send his heart a
fatal shock.
Years later, Cheney watched an episode of the Showtime series “Homeland” in
which such a scenario was part of the plot.
“I found it credible,” Cheney tells “60 Minutes” in a segment to be aired
Sunday. “I know from the experience we had, and the necessity for adjusting
my own device, that it was an accurate portrayal of what was possible.”
Cheney and Reiner are promoting a book they co-authored, “Heart: An American
Medical Odyssey.”
In the “60 Minutes” interview, Reiner says he worried that Cheney couldn’t
stand the pressure that came on Sept. 11, 2001, the day terrorists attacked
the U.S. Medical tests seen that morning showed Cheney had elevated levels of
potassium in his blood, a condition called hyperkalemia, which could lead to
abnormal heart rhythms and cardiac arrest.
Reiner says he watched news coverage of the day’s events on television and
thought, “Oh, great, the vice president is going to die tonight from

@_date: 2013-10-19 10:17:07
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Cheney afraid of terrist h4x0rs 
Cheney is one of the biggest ter'rists and war criminals around.  He should be rotting in a prison beneath the Hague, with the rest of his ilk.
I'd love to know how a 70-year-old man with his cardiac history was approved over anyone else on the transplant list.  Seems like an egregious violation of the rules, but hey- that's how those fuckers roll.
 A terrorist is a person who spreads fear. I'd feel safer in a world without Cheney; that's murder, not terrorism! :)
 Cheney had heart device partially disabled to prevent a terrorist from
sending a fatal shock
Olivia Harris, Pool, File/Associated Press -  In an interview with CBS’ ”60
Minutes,” former Vice President Dick Cheney says he once feared that
terrorists could use the electrical device that had been implanted near his
heart to kill him and had his doctor disable its wireless function.
By Associated Press, Saturday, October 19, 1:34 AM
WASHINGTON — Former Vice President Dick Chene!
 y says
he once feared that
terrorists could use the electrical device that had been implanted near his
heart to kill him and had his doctor disable its wireless function.
Cheney has a history of heart trouble, suffering the first of five heart
attacks at age 37. He underwent a heart transplant last year at age 71.
In an interview with CBS’ ”60 Minutes,” Cheney says doctors replaced an
implanted defibrillator near his heart in 2007. The device can detect
irregular heartbeats and control them with electrical jolts.
Cheney says that he and his doctor, cardiologist Jonathan Reiner, turned off
the device’s wireless function in case a terrorist tried to send his heart a
fatal shock.
Years later, Cheney watched an episode of the Showtime series “Homeland” in
which such a scenario was part of the plot.
“I found it credible,” Cheney tells “60 Minutes” in a segment to be aired
Sunday. “I know from the experience we had, and the necessity for adjusting
my own device, that it was an accurate portrayal of what was possible.”
Cheney and Reiner are promoting a book they co-authored, “Heart: An American
Medical Odyssey.”
In the “60 Minutes” interview, Reiner says he worried that Cheney couldn’t
stand the pressure that came on Sept. 11, 2001, the day terrorists attacked
the U.S. Medical tests seen that morning showed Cheney had elevated levels of
potassium in his blood, a condition called hyperkalemia, which could lead to
abnormal heart rhythms and cardiac arrest.
Reiner says he watched news coverage of the day’s events on television and
thought, “Oh, great, the vice president is going to die tonight from

@_date: 2013-10-19 16:34:36
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: [Richard Crisp] Cheney afraid of terrist h4x0rs 
If you're going to send bullshit comments off-list, don't expect me to jump through hoops to reply (see below.)
To answer your remark, no I do not support "Ovomit" as you call him, nor any of the other treasonous fucks running this crazy train off the rails.  (Nor Ron Paul, etc, to answer your inevitable retort.)

@_date: 2014-04-01 21:39:00
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Investigating the Investigators 
Thanks for posting this.  It's so timely and historically important. Can't wait to see it.
Hey Jim, what happened with the Yahoo account you were locked out of? Did you ever get the lost emails and contacts restored?

@_date: 2014-04-02 21:36:41
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
References: <20140403025616.D514A2280D8
 <1396496398.9121.102160329.353BA3A5
Ha!  That was my first thought, too.
My second thought was, "I wonder what the spooks have on this guy?"  It
sounds like it was written under duress, like the fake "confessions"
they make POWs give.

@_date: 2014-04-03 22:28:08
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Geoff Stone, Obama's Review Group 
References: <20140404042502.7DA6C2280B0
No offense meant to you personally Dan, because I don't know you, but- I
don't trust the word of anyone from In-Q-Tel in matters such as these.

@_date: 2014-04-06 16:32:46
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: FUCK THE FUCKING NSA AND THE APOLOGISTS FOR SAME FUCK YOU!!!Re: 
ALL obscene systems of covert compromise and corruption [was: Geoff
 Stone, Obama's Review Group]
References:  <6885D313C801F146232AFB56
 <5341BE6A.6060105
I'm totally in!  Can provide synth and tape loops, while wearing EFF
stickers on my boobs.

@_date: 2014-04-07 08:46:33
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: FAKE Indian TROLL ALERT!!(cari machet warning!) 
References: <825a4a4accfe4fac4d5a6b3aced63a8a
 <005d01cf5258$56682820$03387860$
Um, hey... keep your drones out of my damn windows!

@_date: 2014-04-15 13:34:46
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Why didn't Snowden disclose Heartbleed (and others)? 
References:  <534D8446.7010508
+1!  They put the entire world of e-commerce and communication at a
disadvantage by intentionally weakening encryption standards.  Fuck them
with a chainsaw.  Drop the whole cache of Snowden docs at once, let the
sunlight in and watch these crooked coackroach fucks shit themselves in

@_date: 2014-04-19 11:59:36
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Fw: NSA good guys 
References: <53504f61.04693a0a.602f.5a7e
 <20140418020936.D82A62280DC
 <1397865745.72147.YahooMailNeo
 <1397929490.37026.YahooMailNeo
Jim, it did post to the list the first time.  This has happened to me
before, as well:  I've received an off-list reply from someone to a
message (sent only to the list) long before I saw it post on the list. There is often a delay and I'm not sure why; I'll look at the path in
headers the next time it happens.
(Also, on-topic: you make some good points here!)

@_date: 2014-02-01 20:22:36
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Jim Bell's Email crash:  Why not sue Yahoo AND the NSA? 
Good point.  This guy's attempt was humorous  , but I'd x-post this to libtech because there are several lawyers and EFF staff on that list who might be able to advise on whether there are any suits already pending, and if it's feasible.
That's complete bullshit.  We know damn well Yahoo (et al) has backups of backups.  I'd try to fight with them a bit before letting the account go.
 I just received a seeming 'boilerplate' (pre-canned) email from Yahoo email, saying that my previous account  (jamesdbell8 at yahoo.com)  will be deleted.  It does not repeat the previous claim of "abuse" on the account, but the timing of the events strongly suggests that the source of the problem was an attack on probably millions of Yahoo email addresses that has occurred over the last week or so.  Naturally, I am completely outraged that they allowed such an event to result in actual loss of 'all' data in the account.  Could it be that Yahoo's system was truly damaged so seriously as to cause the complete loss of my email and address-list database?
    However, I am reminded of the old saying, "If you get lemons, make lemonade".   Because of Edward Snowden's
 revelations, we have known that the NSA has been storing all domestic, and probably as many foreign, emails as they could get their grubby little hands on.   Why not a class-action lawsuit demanding that Yahoo obtain prior emails from the NSA?     While it is difficult to sue the US (primarily due to something called "Sovereign Immunity"),  I am aware that the Federal government has already waived Sovereign immunity for everything except money damages.  (In other words, you can sue them for 'declaratory' and 'injunctive' relief:  A court could order the NSA to deliver the data back to Yahoo.)        Does anyone out in the Wide World of Cypherpunks know of an attorney wanting to take on this kind of issue?  It
 could put the NSA in a world of hurt for taking the data, and make them realize that one consequence of taking hold of such a massive amount of data is that they will ultimately be sued if it is necessary to recover.  It would also put email providers such as Yahoo on notice that they have additional obligations (other than those they think they have) to recover lost emails.       Jim Bell

@_date: 2014-02-28 10:20:23
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: TEST TEST TEST MOTHERFUCKER!!! 
*waves* Always good to see your Tentacle poking the list...
(yeah, I just top posted.  Bite me.)
 test... got an objection to test? improve your fucking spam filters you fucking idiots

@_date: 2014-01-06 14:09:26
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Jacob Appelbaum in Germany 
You're either a shit-disturbing troll or an awful human being; possibly both.  What the fuck is wrong with you?

@_date: 2014-01-08 09:59:21
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: FUCK GRIFFIN BOYCE And yet ANOTHER NET.LOON Candidate Re: 
Ah, there it is.
*Now* it feels like authentic usenet.  
Please, do let the flaming and fuckery continue!

@_date: 2014-01-08 14:16:20
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: HTML on-list messages, top-posting 
Top-post  top-post  top-post!!
Just apologizing for the off-list reply, rysiek.   Meant to post to list, forgot to change the address line (stupid mobile email client...)
 Hi there,
since we're already deep into Usenet territory, I'll just leave this message here and see what happens.

@_date: 2014-01-08 14:51:06
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: HTML on-list messages, top-posting 
References: <20140108221630.25C60C00E8E
 <3789484.B68CHrmnZb <20140108223537.GB11999
cryptome & libtech do (just two I can think of right off)
Btw: yes, I hate html on lists too. Will try not to reply using my
shitty mobile email client when I'm away from real email!

@_date: 2014-01-08 15:09:02
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: HTML on-list messages, top-posting 
cryptome & libtech do (just two I can think of right off)
Btw: yes, I hate html on lists too. Will try not to reply using my
shitty mobile email client when I'm away from real email!

@_date: 2014-01-21 17:36:10
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: The Cypherpunk Enquirer 
Bravo, anon!
Very well done.  Project Creampie, Bose-Einstein condensate and the bit about JYA... Oh, how I needed that laugh today!
                    THE CYPHERPUNK ENQUIRER
   "Just when we thought we were out, they drag us back in ..."
Recently reviewed documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal that,
following the discovery of large quantities of pornography on hard
drives retrieved from the Abbottabad compound where Osama bin Laden
was assassinated, the NSA became concerned that al Queda was using
steganographic techniques to hide various communications within the
jpgs and animated gifs, and began a program (known internally as
'Project Creampie') to collect all the pornography on the internet
into one giant database, presently located at the new NSA data
storage center in Bluffdale, Utah, that could be searched by
various interns and subcontractors. Progress has apparently been
slowed due to subcontractor Hewitt Packard's problems in designing
and building a computer keyboard impervious to "precious bodily
fluids". In response to the newly discovered NSA obsession with feelthy
peectures, the old al-queda.net NSA bait URL has been changed to
Responding to charges of 'language-ism', the Obfuscated C contest
opened itself to languages other than just C this year, and the clear
winner in the English category was our own John Young of cryptome.org.
"We don't have a clue what he's saying," the nominating committee
stated, "but we sure as hell know what he means." The judging
committee was impressed by Mr. Young's ability to be almost totally
incomprehensible while still getting his point across, and by the fact
that he had obviously attained bootstrap status, and in addition is
Turing complete. The debate over whether Mr. Young qualifies as P or
NP has yet to be resolved.
In a shout-out to the old DEFCON ritual of playing 'Spot the Fed',
the RSA Conference has announced a contest to 'Spot Tim May', the
winner receiving an 'I Outed Tim May' tee shirt and a personal
bodyguard for the conference duration. Interest appears to be
limited due to the boycott.
After a long absence, the Cypherpunks steering committee, due to
recent revelations about NSA spying, has once again opened One
Time Pad season. The early leader appears to be Ian Goldberg's (of UC
Berkeley's 'Glow in the Dark Campanile' fame) proposal to distribute
OTP bits via entangled photons, awaiting only Phillip Hallam-Baker's
work on developing a room-temperature Bose-Einstein condensate. Open
source programmers have already initiated a Kickstarter campaign to
develop a delivery method for the distribution of OTPs that would
avoid the internet completely and still be RFC 1149, 2549, and 6214
The NIST is facing further controversy following claims that it
intentionally 'backdoored' the Dual_EC_DRBG random number generator.
Now an IETF taskforce, after several months of study, has determined
that NIST's proposal to increase the security of a venerable UNIX
encryption algorithm by 'doubling the cycle length' actually makes
the algorithm more susceptible to cryptanalysis. Cryptographers are
recommending that all programs that use the new algorithm immediately revert to the old 'ROT13' standard.
Quote of the Week: "In conclusion, the main thing we did wrong when
designing ATM security systems in the early to mid-1980s was to worry
about criminals being clever; we should rather have worried about our
customers - the banks' system designers, implementers, and testers -
being stupid."
        Ross Anderson, "Security Engineering"
SCOTUS Justice Antonin Scalia was arrested yesterday and charged
with threatening to assassinate POTUS Barak Obama. Justice Scalia
was released 6 hours later after scientific vocal analysis of his
Skype call to Justice Samuel Alito revealed that his actual
statement was, "Let's kill the precedent". The FBI blamed the British
GCHQ for providing them a poor quality recording, to which a GCHQ
spokesperson replied that the recording was "exactly what the NSA
gave us". The Microsoft Corporation denied it provided any Skype
information to the NSA whatsoever via a press representative whose
trousers were quickly extinguished by an attentive aide.
Tonight on NSA TV - "Sexting with the Stars" Miley Cyrus and Lady
Gaga in hot girl-on-girl action! (security clearance 'Secret' or
above required)

@_date: 2014-01-30 14:17:03
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Fw: Jim Bell's Email crash 
Why not just get your own domain? For about $10/yr or so, you can set up your DNS/MX records to use any provider you want & fw your yahoo mail  (Stay away from GoDaddy.)
You should have a local backup of your own emails, is what Moon Jones was trying to say in a rude way.  Easily done with thunderbird.
Would be happy to help you set it up or advise if you need.
 By Moon Jones:>Actually the idiot is someone who just does not back up important data.>A double idiot I see. I guess that's the trouble with large providers:>they let anybody in. Hence the bad publicity.
 I assume Yahoo DOES 'back up important data'.  The problem here is
 different:  The Yahoo computer system probably (falsely) figured that there was suspicious activity going on.  (It probably saw my logon Sunday, while I was still logged on in another window, as being suspicious).  I did not anticipate that my doing what I did was going to be a problem.  The big problem is that the Yahoo computer system precipitately reacted, quite improperly, by not merely suspending the account, but by actually deleting the entire account!   This is the computer equivalent of 'insanity'.
I have heard it said that computer features that are infrequently (or even rarely) used do not tend to be perfected.  ("Software rot"; see       )   Since only rarely would this kind of situation occur, a bug in the system would tend not to be quickly found.  Also, you are wrong for a second reason.  Yahoo (or any other email provider) could easily set up their system to keep a backup of the email data on the user's computer.  While that data, too, would be vulnerable to various events, the probability that BOTH the 'cloud'-kept data AND the user-computer-kept data becoming unavailable simultaneously should be exceedingly low.  Probably one of the reasons Yahoo doesn't take this precaution is
 that they are trying to lock-in users to their system.  If they gave a user's computer a copy of the entire content of the user's data, it would be too easy (for Yahoo's purposes) for the user to transfer his data to another email system:  Competing email systems would be motivated to write software to adopt such data into a new account.Even so, I have done a Google search for an email-account transfer service.  (Turns out they exist!).  What I'd really like to do is to obtain a new email address, but simultaneously maintain 'jamesdbell8' as one email address, instructing yahoo to automatically transfer any incoming mail to a second address.  This feature would greatly ease the
 difficulty of transferring to a different email account.         Jim Bell  > My email provider, the idiots at Yahoo.com, crashed my email address> account 'jamesdbell8 at yahoo.com' last Sunday.   I have lost my email> addresses, as well as all emails.  For now, I will have to operate on a> new email address, 'jamesdbell9 at yahoo.com'.   At this point, Yahoo is my>  enemy, and I expect them to be "The first against the wall when the> revolution comes".>         
 Jim Bell

@_date: 2014-06-06 14:36:25
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: [cryptome] Fwd: Help investigate cell phone snooping by police 
References: <74862d74361490eca930f43845394c7298b.20140606145310
Here's the direct link (I don't click the tracking links in the
newsletter, either):
Maybe it's just my crappy mobile, but I didn't see the link on the main
Muckrock page.

@_date: 2014-06-06 21:58:15
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: New vulnerability in OpenSSL 
References: <1402115402.69908.YahooMailNeo
Direct info:

@_date: 2014-06-07 15:30:10
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Fwd: Re: [FD] More OpenSSL issues 
re: Jim's post from yesterday.  From the Full Disclosure list:
Yeah, definitely not in the same ballpark as heartbleed fortunately.
I have posted a detection script on the Tripwire blog to identify
permitting the early CCS:
It should detect potentially vulnerable hosts with a variety of

@_date: 2014-03-06 17:37:47
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Bounties 
I am in agreement with Dan re: it being a gov't op vs 'thief'.  That was my first thought when the story broke, and nothing I've seen or heard since has changed my opinion.
 So, Jim (et al.), you say "thief" w.r.t. Bitcoin.
What odds do you give that the theft was a state-level op to
derail the Bitcoin economy, i.e., that making money was not the
object, rather, let's imagine, that this op hedges the vulnerability
of fiat currency to disintermediation.

@_date: 2014-03-06 17:41:44
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: See??? 
[fake img] Sign on my cat saying "I am Satoshi!".jpg [/fake img]
 "I am Satoshi!"

@_date: 2014-03-06 18:57:42
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Bounties 
References: <20140307004156.4CA0A2280F0
I accidentally cc'd the "other" Crypto list when replying to this email,
and got this hilarious response:
"Posting of your message titled "Re: Bounties"
has been rejected by the list moderator.  The moderator gave the
following reason for rejecting your request:
"Please edit this post and resubmit it after changing it to not be top
posted. Thanks""
*chortlesnort* Top posting, bitches!   Suck it!
(also, I guess they just missed Dan's TOP POST right before mine...)

@_date: 2014-03-07 06:01:14
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Idiots [was: Bounties] 
References: <20140307004156.4CA0A2280F0
 <20140307071503.GA19260
 <1787662.03Jrf7cYhK
 <20140307122348.GA27936
 
that all problems they encounter are new [...]
Your smug misassumptions are amusing, especially when you have no idea
what the fuck you are talking about.
Neither Gwen nor I are of the "post-facebook" generation.  I've been
online (meaning using the Internet, which pre-dates the Web by quite a
few years- in case you were unaware) since the mid-eighties, during the
time of monochrome screens and when telling someone to finger you
wouldn't garner snickers from mental midgets like you.
You completely missed the point of Gwen's post, in which he clearly
talks about breaking 'the rules' to stir up idiots such as yourself, and
to which you still felt the need to make a whiny reply- to make yourself
feel, what...clever?  To give yourself some sense of faux cypherpunks
cred?  You're not impressing anyone, you just made yourself look a
fucking idiot with no reading comprehension.
Shut the fuck up and keep your stupid ASSumptions to yourself.

@_date: 2014-03-11 12:18:08
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Satoshi/Newsweek 
I already called it for my cat, dammit.  My cat is Satoshi!
(bottom posted, just for you <3 )

@_date: 2014-05-28 12:14:10
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: [cryptome] Hector Sabu Monseur Sentencing Transcript 
References: So one script-kiddie, pig-kissing snitch managed to help thwart
"hundreds" of "cyber attacks" (translation: /b/tard summer crew, stupid
enough to still use LOIC), while the NSA's whole Stasi-on-steroids
spying infrastructure couldn't find one needle in that haystack of all
our calls and emails?
Well, isn't that special...

@_date: 2014-05-29 00:46:43
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: [cryptome] Hector Sabu Monseur Sentencing Transcript 
References:  <1401304450.32551.122589093.5ED5928B
 <22C4E107-E0E3-4587-B134-0960CA75AF87
I heard sabu did 9-11 with a trs-80 and a 300 baud modem!

@_date: 2014-05-29 01:04:01
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: is truecrypt dead? 
References:  <1401310124.13661.122629289.65499863
 <538651CD.8050600 <5173414.1oAEScoKug
 <8993592a-d6d1-42ee-b6aa-44787800fc58
Krebs has put a post about it:
"Doubters soon questioned whether the redirect was a hoax or the result
of the TrueCrypt site being hacked. But a cursory review of the site’s
historic hosting, WHOIS and DNS records shows no substantive changes
What’s more, the last version of TrueCrypt uploaded to the site on May
27 (still available at this link) shows that the key used to sign the
executable installer file is the same one that was used to sign the
program back in January 2014 (hat tip to  and Taken together, these two facts suggest that the message is legitimate,
and that TrueCrypt is officially being retired.
That was the same conclusion reached by Matthew Green, a cryptographer
and research professor at the Johns Hopkins University Information
Security Institute and a longtime skeptic of TrueCrypt — which has been
developed for the past 10 years by a team of anonymous coders who appear
to have worked diligently to keep their identities hidden.
“I think the TrueCrypt team did this,” Green said in a phone interview.
“They decided to quit and this is their signature way of doing it.”

@_date: 2014-05-29 01:08:02
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: is truecrypt dead? 
Krebs has put a post about it:
"Doubters soon questioned whether the redirect was a hoax or the result
of the TrueCrypt site being hacked. But a cursory review of the site’s
historic hosting, WHOIS and DNS records shows no substantive changes
What’s more, the last version of TrueCrypt uploaded to the site on May
27 (still available at this link) shows that the key used to sign the
executable installer file is the same one that was used to sign the
program back in January 2014 (hat tip to  and Taken together, these two facts suggest that the message is legitimate,
and that TrueCrypt is officially being retired.
That was the same conclusion reached by Matthew Green, a cryptographer
and research professor at the Johns Hopkins University Information
Security Institute and a longtime skeptic of TrueCrypt — which has been
developed for the past 10 years by a team of anonymous coders who appear
to have worked diligently to keep their identities hidden.
“I think the TrueCrypt team did this,” Green said in a phone interview.
“They decided to quit and this is their signature way of doing it.”

@_date: 2015-01-15 17:40:37
@_author: shelley at misanthropia.info 
@_subject: Does Cypherpunk need a Church? 
References:  <20150114124155.GA18002
 <54B6F026.5090002 <20150116000502.GG14804
Catoshi!  Good one.  Of course, our sabbath would be Caturday, at the
altar of LongCat.
