
@_date: 2005-12-31 03:43:30
@_author: sheldonf2000 at yahoo.com 
@_subject: Nuclear Terrorism 
Terrorism Book and Al-Qaeda: Nuclear Terrorism Plot in
'King of Bombs' Suggests Next 9/11 Will Kill Millions
(PRWEB) -- The author of "King of Bombs," a novel
about a future Al-Qaeda terrorist attack on the United
States involving nuclear weapons, believes a future
9/11 may claim millions of American lives. Sheldon
Filger, a former New Yorker who witnessed the Al-Qaeda
attacks of September 11, 2001, wrote "King of Bombs"
as a warning of what he is convinced is the imminent
threat of nuclear terrorism (
"King of Bombs" has been praised by reviewers on
Amazon.com for its realistic and terrifying portrayal
of the danger of nuclear terrorism posed by radical
Islamist terrorist organizations linked to Al-Qaeda.
The plot in "King of Bombs" centers on a conspiracy to
inflict a devastating terrorist strike on major
American cities involving Al-Qaeda, with covert
assistance from Iran and North Korea. As Mr. Filger
points out, Iran's possible role in future nuclear
terrorism cannot be dismissed as merely a novelist's
speculation. "Iran has been involved in a covert
nuclear program for the past 20 years, arousing great
suspicion from the international community and the
IAEA (International Atomic Energy Agency-the nuclear
watchdog organization of the United Nations which
received the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize)," Filger said. He
added that since publication of "King of Bombs," the
new Iranian President has called for the destruction
of the United States of America and Israel, and has
publically expressed his hatred for Western
civilization (
In August 2005, the number two man in the Al-Qaeda
organization, Ayman al-Zawahiri, released a statement,
warning the American people that, " What you saw in
New York and Washington [on September 11th, 2001] and
what you are seeing in Afghanistan and Iraq, all these
are nothing compared to what you will see next." The
author of "King of Bombs" suggests that Osama bin
Laden's deputy may be referring to a future terrorist
attack on the United States involving weapons of mass
destruction, most likely nuclear weapons.
"Unfortunately, since 9/11, the Bush administration
has done little to reduce the danger of nuclear
terrorism, " Sheldon Filger said. He made reference to
a recent "report card" issued by the 9/11 Commission,
an independent body that investigated failures by the
government, intelligence and law enforcement
communities to prevent the Al-Qaeda attacks on 9/11.
According to the report issued by the 9/11 Commission,
in many key areas the government received a failing
grade, including those related to the threat of
nuclear terrorism. The Commission pointed out that
critical programs designed to reduce the chance that
Al-Qaeda could obtain stolen plutonium or highly
enriched uranium (the essential ingredients for
building a nuclear weapon)are woefully underfunded,
and low on the priority list of the Bush
administration and Congress. The author of "King of
Bombs" stated that, "The 9/11 Commission warned in its
original report that Al-Qaeda was doing everything in
its power to obtain nuclear weapons, and that the
danger of nuclear terrorism is the number one national
security threat to the United States. Their recent
report card sadly demonstrates that Washington remains
oblivious to the criticality of the threat."
A major theme in "King of Bombs" is how failure by
government leadership to understand the severity of
the threat of nuclear terrorism can have consequences
beyond the worst nightmares of most Americans. "I hope
that 'King of Bombs' remains fiction," Filger
said,"however, the passivity of political leadership
on the threat of nuclear terrorism does not create
grounds for optimism," he warned. According to Mr.
Filger, a single crude nuclear device, which experts
conclude Al-Qaeda has the capability to fabricate if
it obtains fissile materials (highly enriched uranium
or plutonium), if detonated in mid-town Manhattan,
would probably kill one million New Yorkers.
In "King of Bombs," Sheldon Filger presents a
worst-case scenario for nuclear terrorism, involving
thermonuclear weapons, which are far more destructive
than crude atomic bombs of the type that destroyed
Hiroshima and Nagasaki. In his novel, potentially tens
of millions of lives are in jeapardy if the terrorists
are successful.
Yahoo! DSL - Something to write home about.
Just $16.99/mo. or less.
You are subscribed as eugen at leitl.org
To manage your subscription, go to
 Archives at: Eugen* Leitl leitl ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
