
@_date: 1992-11-12 07:24:57
@_author: Simson L. Garfinkel 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
Hi.  I'm new to this list.  Some people may know me.
Good luck.  As a practicing journalist, I can say that there is no way that I  could make this argument in print.  Everybody understand voter registration.   There's support for the motor-voter bill.  I can't even explain cryptography in  the same amount of time that it takes to do an entire article on voter  There may be a theoretical connection between the two, but you'll never make  that argument outside a university.

@_date: 1992-11-13 06:24:52
@_author: Simson L. Garfinkel 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
In making public-policy arguments, analogies are dangerous.  You need to take  time to explain them.  The opposition can use other analogies.  It's far more  effective to argue on the facts.
With respect to encryption, the outgoing administration has argued successfully  that encryption is the computer equivalent of a saturday night special.  That  there is no reason to use encryption unless you don't want law enforcement to  be able to read what you send.  They say that it is only useful against lawful  wiretaps, because there are other protections against unlawful wiretaps (ie:  the law).
The way to attack this is not by making an analogy to photocopiers, but by  saying that there are many unlawful wiretaps, breakins, and thefts, and that  most of them go unknown and unreported.  Argue that most communications that  people have an interest in protecting are not about kidnappings but about  business dealings.  Argue that encryption is vital for communicating with  overseas offices, where wiretaps are even more common.  Argue that it is  important for protecting information on your hard disk which can be stolen.
No need to argue with analogy.

@_date: 1992-11-13 22:24:49
@_author: Simson L. Garfinkel 
@_subject: Rander 
Perhaps I'm just out of the loop, but what do you intend to do with your stream  of random numbers?  You going to send a tape to your friends under armed guard?
Just curious.
Oh, I built a hardware random number generator a few years ago for some ESP  experiments I was doing.  I wanted to see if computer hackers had better odds  of affecting the output of a RNG than non-hackers.  (You know, the hacker walks  into the room and suddenly the broken piece of equipment starts working?)
Turns out they can.
