
@_date: 2011-06-09 00:52:42
@_author: Sir Valiance 
@_subject: [p2p-hackers] The State of Mixminion and Mixmaster Twitter Dialog 
Hello P2P-Hackers,
My name is Sir Valiance and I am posting a conversation that took place
on Twitter a few days back regarding the current state of anonymous
remailers, specifically Mixmaster  and
Mixminion   A little background information on the
dialog, I have recently starting working on updating Mixminion's
codebase to advance the state of anonymous remailers and help develop a
larger userbase.  The conversation begins with the following individuals
showing interest in discussing Mixminion and advances into discussing
other remailer issues.
It was suggested that someone collect the dialogue and post it to a
mailing list, so I followed the conversation and hashtags and made an
attempt at "threading" and organizing it the best I could to make it
readable.  Hopefully the posting here will inspire analysis and
discourse on the current state of anonymous remailers.
At the end of the conversation I said that I would be posting this to
remailer at librelist.com but then it was suggested that p2p-hackers would
be a better place so I will cross-post for now.
I will be posting a follow up message and my thoughts on what can be
done, what I plan to work on, and a general response to some of the
issues discussed previously in the next few days.
Thank You, The individuals involved in the conversation:
 (Me)
* Conversation Begins *
 How's it going, coming up to speed on Mixminion? When I'm
back in Leuven we should really talk; Sphinx is the better primitive.
days, just reading about the topic.
etc.! I will be working on it this weekend.
time to hack on it these days, but I still care about the design.
only work so far was maintenance.
you updated!
too. I still think I was right about  deadline for a different topic. But, you're aware of ... cc/
tagging attack protection. Minx is broken, I think, but ... fullness, and hadn't even heard of Minx!
provable constructions against tagging attacks. provable constructions against tagging attacks. too, and if you can, read over the ML archives about Mixmaster 4.0.
   I am going to start collecting the
research on the topic and find a central location to publicly post it.
location for mix-net related research: the Anonbib.
issues, not just anonymity papers and research.
useful. The question is, what do you decide *isn't* relevant?
liberation-tech, /r/crypto, randombit or wherever - people will put it
p2p-hackers, too.
cypherpunk-like discussions happen these days, so for a wider audience,
 IMO the current top 10 problems with mixminion don't begin to
include any need to change its crypto a la minx/sphinx.
Top 11  issues: 11.Should be modular 10.Should use mlock and
encrypted storage 9.Dummies and link padding might be workable today
 issues ct'd 8. Die, SHA1, Die! 7. IPv6 support 6. Needs a
nymserver. 5. Needs a less fascist envelope format: E2E-spec is crud
 issues ct'd: 4. DH-768? In 2011?? 3. The crypto should be a C
library. 2. The directory protocol is a single point of failure.
And the number 1 remaining  issue IMO: It's unclear to me
whether anon remailers can get enough users to provide them anonymity.
 From my perspective as Mixmaster maintainer, I'm where I was
in 2003; wanting a next-gen protocol that solves *my* list of probs.
  I've been thinking about getting Mixmaster 3.2
working on Android, then bringing it up to speak Mixminion; how well
  trusted is Sphinx, really? There's advantages to
using it because of the use of ECC if we're talking SMS mixing.
same thing to  (mixminion/master) on Android
Android/iPhone applications and the first thought was how to port
left incredibly helpful instructions, thanks for that
   we ought to start talking using a
 tag.
suitable message format for Type III remailers?  use, but like I said replacing the crypto isn't a top-10
And the number 1 remaining  issue IMO: It's unclear to me
whether anon remailers can get enough users to provide them anonymity.
 issues ct'd: 4. DH-768? In 2011?? 3. The crypto should be a C
library. 2. The directory protocol is a single point of failure.
 directory protocol jumped out as needing some reworking.
format; can't recall if I still like it. Probably needs revision.
problems; I suspect it was a stub. You really want something like
 Whatever we need to build to get enough users, and other remailers don't IMO have it yet. Not sure what it is.
easy to use and understand. easy replies, long-term nyms, and <30min arrival times. Maybe GUIs too
think you should have to know your way around a command line to be anon.
we would need far more users. Possible chicken and egg
give it a try!" But anonymity of low-latency nets scales differently.
seem to.
 and other remailers don't IMO have it yet. Not sure what it
apps, possibly even a web app (do not know yet know practical web is)
untrusted site is giving you a good anonymizer? as a one-hop relay?
so technically advanced users. To at least give them something.
==> Mixminion. Maybe not very well thought out though.
provide more anonymity than Tor exit enclave ==> Web App ==> SMTP...
step gets you. More thought needed.
(I never got my C  backend working, but the packet format is
mostly there, and ISTR liking the api.)
 I'd really like to see an implementation done in Haskell, if
we were doing it from the ground up, architected a la postfix.
 Mixmaster 2.0.x lent itself to "compile as library, link"
easily, and we had a number of plugins based on it as well as wrappers.
Just asked Ian G: he says Sphinx had code at
 .  people
might be interested.
 like email system alive?
solve, or wouldn't solve consistently with minion's threat model.
 do you recon  plus hashcash would be able to
provide anonymous email over tor while avoiding spam?
POW system hard enough to slow spam would impact users unacceptably.
   I would like to put together some sort of
a mailing list, maybe even a crypto  and building a web-app, mailing-list hybrid.
very encouraging. I'm interested, pretty sure  is also
 140-char limit is getting annoying. You seem most anonymous
here: what works for you? IRC? Lists? RFC2549? Other?
Oh  does some brainstorming on  Good ideas. Maybe
collect them and discuss on mailing list?
 tag.
 I think we absolutely must have clean separation between the
discrete components in the remailer software, akin to postfix.
 I'd like to see a crypto exe, a pool mix exe, a MMTP exe, a
remailer function API, etc; GUIs should be drop-in-able.
case, it's also key to allow for easy functionality transfer.	
The code that runs on phones may not be what runs on laptops.
 I think forward and reply messages need to be considered
separate until something much more clever than SURBS is invented.
 I note that Mixmaster's approach (don't do replies) simply
meant people kept using the Type I reply blocks (MURBS), and cringe.
 I don't know that there is a really good solution here. I do
think SURB functionality is useful for other reasons, though.
 I'd really like to see an implementation done in Haskell, if
we were doing it from the ground up, architected a la postfix.
 I will argue the ability to create wrappers for, or embed the
code for, the remailer client is what drives usability advances.
 Mixmaster 2.0.x lent itself to "compile as library, link"
easily, and we had a number of plugins based on it as well as wrappers.
 Mixmaster 2.9/3.0 really broke that ability, and so we were
never able to fully phase out the 2.0.x codebase.
 Eventually, things like Quicksilver (the remailer client for
Windows that relied on Mixmaster 2.0.x for its crypt) bit-rotted.
 Maybe we should take this to a mailing list, though. I'm done
for the night; have real work to do.
   In the mean time, I set up a temp list at
 Email remailer at librelist.com to subscribe.
   To continue, I set up a temp list
at  Email remailer at librelist.com to subscribe.
   I will compile todays conversation into a
post on the list remailer at librelist.com.  send a message to sub.
* Conversation Ends *
p2p-hackers mailing list
p2p-hackers at lists.zooko.com
