
@_date: 2001-12-01 12:00:59
@_author: Pathstaken 
@_subject: Ski big resorts for $100s less using PathsTaken plan 
Hello Skier
Recently, you asked for internet info on travel, so you'll want to check out the great ski trip ideas
we've put together for you.
You can save hundreds of dollars, per person, per day, because you use pathstaken.com plans.  Each plan is only $4.95, and you get every detail for
planning a great trip.  Where to stay, eat, rent equipment, all the phone numbers, snow report info, even turn-by-turn directions to lodging and the slopes.   PathsTaken teams have taken the trips we recommend. We've
tried the slopes, lodging, eateries, hot spots, and recommended the best to you.  The best values, best locations, best ways to get around in unfamiliar locales.
With pathstaken.com , you'll
never get another snow job.
Go "prepared" for a great ski trip. Plus, we supply money off coupons at lodging and other,
places, because we've arranged for special treatment for you as a PathsTaken traveler.
Receive future email on adventure, golf, sight-seeing,
beach, dude ranch, white-water rafting and other vacation
ideas from PathsTaken.com . Visit Us Today at PathsTaken.com
This E-mailing has been sent to you as a person interested
in the information enclosed. If this reached you by error,
or you do not wish to receive this information or type of
information in the future, please click on the word REMOVE
, then send and you will be taken off our list
immediately. We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience.
This E-mail is not SPAM under the Federal Regulatory laws
of the United States. This message is being sent to you in
compliance with the proposed Federal Legislation for
commercial e-mail (H.R.4176-SECTION 101 PARAGRAPH (e) (1)
(A)) and Bill s.1618 TITLE III passed by the 105th US
Congress. This message is not intended for residents of WA,
NV, CA, & VA. Screening of addresses has been done to the
best of our technical ability. If you are a California,
Nevada, Washington, or Virginia resident please follow the
instructions above and you will be permanently removed from
our list immediately.
