
@_date: 2011-12-21 14:50:12
@_author: Ale Fernandez 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Twitter has released the source code to 
Hi Marc,
Identi.ca is great in that it's open source, and uses open protocols like OpenMicroBlogging and XMPP - so anyone can make a service based on this code, or add identi.ca support to client code. But it's a client server setup - a central server recieves and processes the messages. You can also set up lots of servers, and maybe federate them together somehow, but it's still client/server based, not p2p. So yes it's more decentralised than twitter, but tahrir is a bit further along the way.
It's encrypted, anonymous, and p2p based. More detail here:  The benefits of tahrir over services like identi.ca would be that it  avoids being shut down or censored in the way that twitter or identi.ca  could be - or simply from problems on the server end - as identi.ca is  suffering from now! Also it's hard for prying governments and groups to find out who you are  if you want to conceal your identity.
Tahrir is more like freenet - but for short bursts of text that degrade in utility as they get older, rather than for larger slightly more permanent data as freenet does now. As for using Java, I did initially think Tahrir was going to be rewritten in Swarm (   )- I asked Ian if that was why he'd not been updating the code so much  recently. But no, I'm not sure why he picked Java other than that he knows the language well.
Hope that helps!
 * Unknown - detected
 * English
 * English
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
