
@_date: 1997-11-30 11:02:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
What part do you expect the goverment to play in this scenario,
though?  Shall they establish an "Internet Truth Police" squad?
The problem is, for just about every accusation there is another
voice saying that the first accusation is false and counter-accusing
that the original accuser is a "filthy rotten liar".  Neither of
these rival accusations deserves to be believed without supporting
It's obvious that when you refer to one party in a debate as an
"anon asshole" that your mind is already made up and you're really
afraid of hearing all the facts.  It is evident that there are a far
larger number of NON-anonymous "assholes" on the net.  Such ad
hominem anti-privacy bigotry only betrays the weakness of your
position.  Ideas can stand on their own and if you must resort to an
ad hominem smear campaign to make your point, you are already well
on your way to losing the debate.  Are you implying that if an
"anonymous asshole" were to say, for example, that the world is flat
that you'd prefer to know the person's name so that you could dig up
dirt to smear him with rather than simply refuting his IDEA?
Why do I get the impression that your modus operandi is to
intimidate potential opponents into remaining silent rather than
refuting their ideas in reasoned, rational debate?
To anyone who hates privacy so much, I'd invite them to post their
snail mail address, home phone number, Social Security number, and
date of birth lest they likewise be accused of "hiding" something.
Most are too hypocritical to do so, of course.

@_date: 1997-11-30 19:12:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
That was an impressive tantrum that you and Belinda just staged.  I
suppose you thought it would distract attention from the fact that
you still refuse to reveal what your motive was for harassing Jeff
Burchell this summer in a failed attempt to get him to turn over the
logs containing the names and e-mail addresses of everyone who
either sent or received an anonymous message through his remailer.
Your attempt to spread F.U.D. (fear, uncertainty, and doubt) among
the remailer user community is reminiscent of the "Church" of
$cientology's similarly rabid anti-remailer tactics.  Your fanciful
posts about "anonymous assholes", "cyber stalkers", and other bovine
excrement don't even make good fiction anymore.  I'll take ElRon's
sci-fi over yours any day.
If posts from "anon assholes" really offend your sensitive feelings,
then you might want to stay away from most of the NGs where you've
been posting your blather.  SUGGESTION: stick with "safe" groups
like comp.org.cauce where anonymous posts are banned and content is
censo^h^h^h^h^hmoderated to ensure an appropriate level of political
