
@_date: 2012-10-11 23:27:56
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: best way to create entropy? 
I know that a popular method for generating random bit streams is to take radio (stellar) noise and convert it into a digital bit stream.  Very popular among crypto geeks.
Steven Naslund

@_date: 2013-02-21 11:47:44
@_author: Naslund, Steve 
@_subject: NYT covers China cyberthreat 
First thing is the Chinese government would rejoice since they don't
want their citizens on our networks (except the ones they recruit for
cyber warfare, they can get other address ranges for those guys).  Second thing is someone will make a ton of money bouncing Chinese
traffic through somewhere else (and someone will create a SPAMHAUS like
service to detect that, and so on, and so on, and so on)
Third thing is all the companies that do business in and around China
would be screaming because tons of them use VPNs that are sourced from
Chinese IP address space.  Some people even like to travel and access
things back home, you know weird stuff, like email, news, music, videos.
One of the biggest problems with geoblocking is that often the addresses
do not reveal the true source of the traffic.  If you block everything
from China, you miss attacks sourced from China that are bouncing
through bot networks with hosts worldwide.  Remember Tor, it is built to
defeat just that sort of security by obscuring source locations.
Corporations also often have egress points to the Internet in countries
other than the one the user is in.  If you block everything from China,
then you are locking out any of your own personnel that travel
Internationally or any of your customers that travel.  Who here has not
surfed the web from a hotel room on business.  Anyone with malicious
intent has a zillion ways to bypass that sort of security.  Obscuring
your source address is child's play.  The management of the geoblocking
will not be worth the minimal protection it provides.  Trying to locate
someone by address is a complete PITA in my opinion.  If you go to
Europe you will often get sent to the wrong Google sites because they
attempt to locate you instead of just letting you put in the correct URL
(if you are in the UK, it is not that hard to include .co.uk in your
URL.  I have been in the UK and gotten Google Germany and Google Spain
for no apparent reason (except that carriers in Europe have addresses
from all over the place because of mergers, alliances, and all sort of
other arrangements).
Blocking networks by service will also be a management nightmare since
addresses often change and new blocks get assigned and companies offer
different services.  Who manages all of that and who is going to tell
you when something changes (the answer is nobody, you will know when
stuff breaks).  If my network security guy had enough time to keep track
of all of Amazon's address space and what services they are offering
this week and all the services they host in their datacenters, I would
fire him for having that much time on his hands.  Can you keep track of
all the stuff coming from Akamai and where all their servers are at on a
continuing basis?  Cloud services will make blocking by service nearly
impossible since the network can reconfigure at any time.
I would love to see this implementation in a large corporate or
government network.  What a huge game of whack a mole that is.  Seems to
me that the time would be much better spent tuning up firewalls and
securing hosts properly. I think geoblocking gives you nothing but a false sense of security.  I
also believe that if you see an attack coming from China in particular
it is because they WANT you to know it is coming from China.  I would
think any state sponsor conducting a very serious attack would conceal
themselves better than that.  I also believe that a lot of attacks that
look like they are coming from China are actually coming from elsewhere.
Think about this,  if I am a hacker in the US, attacking a US victim, it
would be a big advantage to look like I was coming from China because it
almost guarantees no attempt to prosecute or track me down since
everyone in this business knows that if it comes out of China you can't
do anything about it.  I would not be surprised to find out China is
letting their capabilities be known just to remind everyone of what the
implications of messing with them is.  Remember Doctor Strangelove,
"what good is a doomsday bomb if you don't tell anyone about it ?!?!?"
Steven Naslund
