
@_date: 2001-11-02 12:02:42
@_author: Soccer Tournaments 
@_subject: soccer tournaments 
Dear Soccer friends,
We want to inform you that we organize International Youth Soccer and Futsal
Tournaments in Sardinia, marvelous Italian island in the Mediterraneo Sea, of
which you will find greater newses of succession.
We like invite yours teams to this tournaments:
Assemini Cup 2001
27th - 30th December 2001
Assemini, Nuraminis, San Sperate, Decimoputzu, Decimomannu (CAGLIARI) -
Sardinia - Italy
Epiphany Cup 2002
2nd - 6th January 2002
Assemini, Nuraminis, San Sperate, Decimoputzu, Decimomannu (CAGLIARI) -
Sardinia - Italy
Sardinia Cup 2002
24th - 30th June 2002
Assemini, Nuraminis, San Sperate, Decimoputzu, Decimomannu (CAGLIARI) -
Sardinia - Italy
Into the past editions, beyond to many deriving teams from other regions from
Italy, we have had participants deriving teams from Europe as (Romania,
Malta, and many others), from nations not european (Peru, Costarica, U.S.A.).
If your teams have taken an interest in the participation at one or more than
these above-said tournaments, we there beg put you immediately in contact
with us.
There we invite to visit our Internet site at the address
If you can't come to Sardinia in that period, I ask you to comunicate this
possibility to other teams of your country, as soon as possible.
The tournaments will unwind with the rules of the F.I.G.C., of the U.E.F.A.
and of the F.I.F.A.
At 6th International Youth Soccer Tournament "Sardinia Cup 2002" they are
scheduled approximately 80 teams deriving participants from all the world.
Already various teams from different parts of the world have asked to
participate at the International Youth Soccer Tournament "Sardinia Cup 2002."
At this time we have received applications of participation from youth teams
from Grecia, Irish, France, Romania, Malta, Costa Rica, Panama, Argentina,
Ghana, Nigeria, Australia, Pakistan and other from others regions of Italy.
We can also organize for your teams a Tour in Sardinia with the preceding or
following Tournaments to the Sardinia Cup 2002 that they unwind in that period.
Does your team organize a tournament for the 2002? Send us all the necessary
information and we will be happy to promote it beside the teams of Sardinia
and of Italy.
Hoping to have your teams participants at one of our events, and staying on
the expected of your newses, we there offer
Best Regards
Vincenzo Girau
International Youth Soccer Tournaments
Sardinia - Italy - Europe
E-mail: vigi at micanet.net
