
@_date: 1994-08-01 12:35:56
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
Hey, don't complain to me. I'm the one whose toiling away 12 hours a day on
a system which amongst other things will either:
A) Teach your children to be first rate hackers or
B) give you as much control as you want over what they get off of the net.

@_date: 1994-08-01 12:52:03
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Anonymous code name allocated. // penet hack 
me too, me too, but I don't use anonymous remailers anyway.

@_date: 1994-08-03 18:59:51
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
For large numbers of Americans, the answer is yes. Even if the
system of government that they were supporting was a screwed up as
our current one. Add to this the possibility that the government
mandate also include a requirement that when conducting a transaction
with somebody who is not paying the tax, you charge them a little
extra and this amount will go higher. (If both the buyer and seller
are paying the tax, then X% of the money exchanged goes to the
government. If only one is then 2*X% of the money exchanged goes
to the government.) Identities could easily be set up so that
reputation is not transferable between a tax paying organizations
and their evading pseudonyms. And that's if government doesn't
improve as it enters cyberspace.
Imagine if the government stopped trying to force people to join it.
Or imagine if they tied decision making power to how much you pay in
taxes. The more you pay, the more say you get. After accepting the
idea that government is a product by which you get the warm fuzzies
of giving to society, government could make itself into a more
desireable product by undertaking changes like these. The
possibilities are endless in this reguard. Its very easy for me to
imagine a government in cyberspace which is substantially more
successful at collecting taxes than the IRS.

@_date: 1994-08-03 19:07:27
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: anonymous anonymous remailers? 
This is just painfully non-scalable. Sure it will
work for now, but its not something that will last
once large numbers of people begin using it.

@_date: 1994-08-03 20:32:26
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: anonymous anonymous remailers? 
I'm sorry, I thought you were talking about posting the encrypted
messages themselves to the newgroup and having the unlocatable remailer
pick out the messages that are supposed to belong to it thus making it
so that NOBODY knows where the remailer is. Clearly this wouldn't scale.
But if we're talking about having some remailers know where the hidden
remailers are and only having the hidden remailers post the information
that allows it to be addressed, I guess there isn't a problem. Sorry.

@_date: 1994-08-04 06:30:37
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Well isn't that how its supposed to be? The entire justification
for having a monopoly in the "government market" (:-) in the
physical realm is that it would be impractical to have multiple
governments in one physical location. Nobody would know who
is following which laws and confusion would reign.
In cyberspace, the default condition is that there is no interaction.
Communication requires agreement by both parties. During this
agreement, the laws (contracts, whatever) that the two parties
follow can be communicated by each party to the other, and if
party A does not feel that party B's laws provide him with
enough protection from B, he can refuse contact until B agrees
(at least for the duration of the communication) to more
constraining laws. The cost of such a transaction will likely
be negligible in cyberspace.
There is thus no longer a problem with different following different
laws coexisting in the same place at the same time, and it no
longer makes sense to allow one entity to have a monopoly on government.
I remember reading a short story a long time ago which was about an
individual filing his taxes and about how proud and excited he was to
do so. The government in the future had changed things to allow
citizens to specify where they wanted their tax dollars to go to
and the result was that they came to view filing taxes as a positive
event. Now clearly this one change would not suddenly convince
everbody that taxes were a positive event, but it would go a long
way towards that and it would be an excellent marketing ploy for
a non-monopoly government (or civic enterprise if your prefer).
[Side note, I am in the process of convincing the MIT UA to adopt
a similar measure where students would control where up to 70%
of the per student money goes. It turns out that such a change
would have a minimal impact in terms of where the money actually
goes, but it would have an enourmous impact upon the feelings
of the student body towards the UA (or the civic enterprise as
the case may be). So when I say marketing ploy, I really mean
First of all, I think that government is in a very specific business,
the business of providing security (note, infact, how many of the
government's programs are labled "insurance" of some kind). FDA
restrictions, welfare, medicaid, anti-gun laws, the military...
they are all intended to make sure that the citizenry need not
worry about these things, to make sure the the people feel secure.
For now, however, I'd like to define governments as entities
that try to use some form of coercion to get others to follow
its rules.
My definition of government is as follows: governments are civic service
providers which by their design attempt to impose a consistent set of
rules on a diverse group of entities. In the physical world, the word
impose usually translates into puting a gun by your head. In cyberspace,
the word impose translates into placing stipulations on contact between
people who follow the rules of the government and people who do not.
Charging "aliens" penalty taxes during economic transactions,
and refusing contact altogether are examples of cyberspatial government
imposition. I do not find it difficult to imagine extremely large
cyberpatial governments that depend entirely on these voluntary economic
forms of coercion. In fact, unless some sort of enourmous cultural change
were to occur, I find it extremelly likely that except for some fringe
groups (like ourselves :) most citizens of Western nations would wind up
belonging to large cyberspatial "nations", each with international treaties
that govern the interaction between "citizens" of different "nations".
So my claim is this:
Without extreme cultural upheaval, it is highly probable that voluntary
economic coercion alone will be sufficient to allow big government
to move from the physical realm into cyberspace.
Certainly the relationship between the citizenry and the government
will change when government becomes voluntary. But when Joe Average
gets wired, he will happily join whatever government that the
authorities that be tell him is the right one for him to join
without giving a second thought about the philosophy behind
the existence of government. Nor will Joe think about how difficult
it would be to create an annonymous pseudonym that was not a
"citizen" of a "cybernation" and could not be linked back to his
own identity or damage his primary identity's reputation. Joe
probably won't even know what the word escrow means when the personal
government agent he choses (because it was convieniently labled USA)
secret splits his private key and sends the halves to the NSA and
the FBI.

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:23:55
@_author: solman at mit.edu 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
In the protocol I describe, S is obviously a trusted escrow agent, (well an
escrow agent anyway, sufficiently distributed secret splitting can eliminate
the trust requirement) but P is very definitely a government like
organization. P is making, monitoring and enforcing resrictions on the freedom
of its citizens. Its entire purpose is to create law and make sure that
you follow it. It just isn't able to fall back on physical force.
Please note (and this is VERY important) that the government and the
adjudicators in my model are NOT the same The are fulfilling very
different functions. The adjudicators are handling disputes, the
government is restricting its citizen's freedom.
Indeed it is. Without societal changes most Americans would blindly walk
from the restrictive government of the physical realm into the open arms of
governments in cyberspace. Getting many people to actually exmine the
economic benefits of the existance of government would be a major step

@_date: 1994-08-05 21:02:58
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Well, yeah. And this is a service. When individuals exercise their
freedoms, they frequently interfere with other people's freedoms. To
resolve this conflict, it is necessary to "control the actions or the
behavior of" individuals such that they don't interfere with each
other's freedoms. So they enter into a contract with each other
under which this is accomplished, but a contract isn't worth the paper
its written on unless somebody enforces it, so they hire a policing agency,
the government. That agency is providing a useful service.
I don't agree with that last clause.

@_date: 1994-08-08 15:09:24
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: amateur ciphers 
What about MDC and Luby-Rackoff (spelling?). I mean sure, they haven't been
subjected to much scrutiny, but they appear to be as strong as their
underlying one-way hashes. I think that their blazing speed merits giving
them serious consideration. Besides, weren't people calling IDEA pretty
secure when it had been subjected to as much analysis as LR and MDC have
been subjected to thus far?

@_date: 1994-08-12 09:29:37
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: e$ & Reporting Cash Trans 
Of course this means that if you split e-cash transfers into small amounts
to avoid any security problems that could otherwise affect the entire
transfer, you are in the clear. While the logic of this decision is
debatable, it should certainly be sufficient to win in court. Especially
if it is built into the software as a feature.
JWS

@_date: 1994-08-19 23:33:56
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: ccc  [alt.suicide.holiday #18856] 
Does decrypting encoded messages really fall under the digital telephony bill?
I thought it only applied to hardware.
------ Forwarded Article <3347uc$9l at senator-bedfellow.MIT.EDU>
------ From solman at athena.mit.edu (Jason W Solinsky)
[This message is for subscribers only! If you are not currently
subscribed to the Crypto Anarchist Newsletter _and_ you have illegally
decrypted this message, you are violation of Federal Code 42-666,
Digital Telephony Bill. Illegal reading of this post exposes you to
15-year prison term and a $10,000 per occurrence fine. Instructions on
where to send your check follow.]
CRYPTO ANARCHIST NEWSLETTER,  1994-08-19
Freedom Fighters Obtaining Needed Supplies.
Yaponchik is offering spot price of DM12.500/gm, Gdansk railhead.
Payment via AmEx Moneygram, Aruba AEC. Principals only.
Be careful to avoid recent N.E.S.T. team, arriving Basel, 1994-08-20.
Pressures mounting in States to "do something" about recent shipments.
------ End of Forwarded Article

@_date: 1994-08-21 01:48:55
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
This started out as a reply to me when I last had time to go through most
of the posts here, So I'll try to answer it.
People, or more precisely entities that control private keys.
[I give two examples out of the infinitely large set of possibilities,
intellectual property rights and privacy]
It depends on the government. You could set up a government to monitor
intellectual property rights. You give government a deposit of the
maximum you can be fined under its laws. The companies that are also
"citizens" of that government then give you large (if not infinite)
discouts. In exchange you agree not to violate their intellectual
property rights (A term I purposefully leave open to definition as
different governments might make different choices).
Another government might protect privacy. If my infinitely buggy software
were working, corporations could examine the demographics of their customers
or the participating portion of the internet as a whole (while paying the
people involved a tiny fee of course). I've used random data perturbation
techniques to set things up so that on searches that generate with
one-dimensional results from multi-dimensional selection fields:
A) It is impossible for the searcher to figure out the specific
   characteristics of any individual.
B) The searchers results are not skewed in any way.
But for multidimensional results, the technique I am using breaks down.
Unless there is another way (There may well be), either A or B must be
violated. It seems to me that the solution is a government to which the
searchers and "data points :)" belong. B would be maintained intact but
A would be violated. The "data points" would have their privacy protected
by a system of fines imposed by the government.
Both of these examples are similar in that they are coercive. If you want
to conduct business with the governments citizens you have to obey all the
laws. But no force is involved. The will of the government is effected
entirely by economics. They can be appointed, self appointed, or elected. The person who holds the
job will atempt to enforce his laws as thoroughly as possible, thus ensuring
the citizens  the security that they want (and will pay for).
They are fined. If this doesn't work their communication priveliges are
curtailed and if this doesn't work they are banished. As I have noted
before, in an information economy this is an extreme punishment.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-21 18:48:56
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I don't see where this complication arises from. Assuming that you have
already created a floating rate exchange apparatus between dollars and
digicash [maybe you aren't making this assumption and that is where my
confusion arises from] all you have to do is invest the money that
backs the digicash and make regular, frequent and public reports about
how well it is doing. The exchange rate will then naturally parallel
and the interest problem is solved without any extra more complication than
is involved in the creation of a floating rate exchange mechanism.

@_date: 1994-08-21 19:04:49
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Yeah I've been thinking about this alot. It seems that my system has a high
probability of increasing cultural fragmentation. I have occasionally tried
to support the thesis that as the level of technology sophistication
increases, the fraction of the population that is employed in "artistic"
professions [jobs that create things, the purpose of which is our intellectual
stimulation] will increase and further that the number of artistic jobs that
can be supported by a population has a positive correlation with the
population's degree of cultural fragmentation. Perhaps there are some
_positive_ economic benefits to the creation of seperate "subnets", and
the cryptographic walls erected by cyberspatial governments will be the
mechanism by which this fragmentation occurs.

@_date: 1994-08-21 19:33:41
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
I'm not going to post again on this subject since it is a question of
semantics, BUT:
A government is something that makes laws, enforces laws and punishes
offenders. I don't see why guns would determine whether or not something
is a government. The control of information resources in cyberspace can
be very nearly [though admitedly not quite] as coercive as the control of
physical resources in real space. It all depends on the distribution of
total resources between physical and intellectual. Presently the balance
clearly in favors physical resources, but that is changing rapidly.
Why not? If you want to do business in Massachusetts you have to abide by
Massachusetts law. If you want to do business in Cambridge you have to
abide by the rules there. If you want to do business in the Cambridge-side
Galleria (may my spelling RIP) you have to abide by its rules. What is the
There are a number of municipalities in the United States that have no laws
punishable by prison, just fines (of course they are located within larger
governments for which this can not be said). The entire power of the
government rests in its ability to take away your property if you violate
the rules. Does it really change things if your property is taken away using
the tools of cryptography instead of the weapons of war?

@_date: 1994-08-21 19:58:25
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Governing an information society - 3/4 
I think that even this will be mitigated dramatically. In an information
economy there are relatively low bariers to obtaining cost information. I
would therefore expect cyberspatial contracts to ALWAYS have a breach clause built in. It is always possible that something isn't going to go right and
a breach will occur. With the superior cost information available in
cyberspace, it should make sense to include detailed information on the
costs of a breach to the various parties. This reduces the cost of
adjudication and enables both parties to more precisely hedge the risks
they take as they enter into the agreement.

@_date: 1994-08-21 20:36:57
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
WHAT?!? If I want to sell some stock and I want to figure out how much it is
worth, I go to the Bloomberg in the Sloan basement and get a 15 minute
delayed quote. If I want to buy something in Mexico with dollars, I look at
the exchange rate in the bank or in my hotel. If I want to buy something
in digicash, I check the exchange rate, and then I conduct the transaction.
Where is the problem here?  OK, I see the problem. You are assuming that certificates will be issued
at a consistent set of notional values. (like ten bucks, five bucks ect.)
The correct way to do things [:-] is to set the notional value of new
certificates based on the trading value of old certificates. Suppose the
first certificate had a principal of $10 and is now worth $11, then the
new certificates that I issue will have their principal adjusted so that
including the effect of interest rates, my new certificate is worth as much
as your old certificate. Thus, there is only ONE value that needs to be
published at any given time.
Seting prices based on convenience instead of value derived? *BLECH*. That
sort of thing is anathema to free markets.

@_date: 1994-08-21 20:58:47
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: www log stripper 
It depends on the server. My log files include something about every
single request made to the server. Since I am doing marketing, I can
then search through these and based on the access times, host names
and domains, document accesses, and information supplied by the users
using forms determine what changes need to be made and what follow up
is appropriate for each person.
If you want anonymity use a proxy.
I'm debuging a product that will do this. Despite an effort to write
extremely clean code, I seem to have a number of problems and I can't
say when it will be ready even for alpha testing. :(

@_date: 1994-08-21 21:18:36
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Assuming the language we are using is English, this is just plain wrong.
Government has nothing to do with throwing people into prison or using
guns. It is an entity that exercises authority. Or an entity that enforces
laws. I understand that you feel strongly that certain types of punishment
are inappropriate. Fine, but that doesn't change the language. They can take away your personal property by force and they are not
governments? Why not?
Well I know my definition of government and I know websters definition of
government, but this is the first I've heard of defining government by the
force it weilds. I guess all I have to do is buy a gun if I want to start a
I'm curious were it is you got your definition. I looked around for it, but
I just couldn't find it.

@_date: 1994-08-21 21:22:30
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
The post you sent me exemplifies the multi-facited nature of personal
information. While my earlier post was based on the acquisition of
demographics, the Cyberia post was primarilly relevant to information
used for direct marketing and personal investigation. It seems to me
that for these latter two needs (as with the former), cyberspace offers
some solutions that would likely not be economically sensible otherwise.
In the physical realm, marketing and investigative data is frequently
gathered without the aid of the people from whom it is being gathered.
Even more frequently, these people receive no compensation for the information
which they supply... to structure a system otherwise would be economically
inefficient [The most you'll see are polls that promise to enter you into a
sweepstakes or give you a cupon if you fill them out.] The result is that
marketing and investigative firms acquire more information than they need
[if it costs nothing and it might be worth something, you get as much of
it as you can] to accomplish their tasks.
I'll send to this list a copy of my post on the future of advertising. It
suggests a marketing (and potentially investigative) mechanism in which
the consumer retains as much of his/her privacy as is theoretically
possible given the needs of the marketer and is compensated for the rest.
I think that the competition implied by the voluntary nature of
cyberspatial government can be counted on to dramatically reduce
the cost of legislation and arbitration. As I envision it, the
primary function of cyberspatial governments will be enforcement.
This is what the citizens [read customers] are paying for.
It seems to me that this is not unlike government before the "modern era".

@_date: 1994-08-21 22:35:39
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Achieving Privacy while Enabling Marketing 
[I sent a variant of this to several lists earlier this year. It was
originally a response to a post on online-news asking what the future of
advertising will be like. It suggests a system whereby marketers only
get the information that they absolutely need and pay for what they get.]
[The software is being debuged and will be ready "soon". I had thought I
would be alpha testing it already, but its going to take me atleast another
two weeks and quite possibly much more. I'm working on it :( ]
Well here is my view of advertising, supported by a product that I will be
indroducing latter this year:
In the NEAR future, content in the new media will be nearly entirely
divorced from advertising. Online media, be they magazines, interactive
games, fiction, discussion groups, or simple news, will be paid for at
full cost by the consumer. At the most, some of this content will contain
hints about where advertisements should go and keywords suggesting types
of advertisements which are particularly apt.
[herein, when I say browser, I mean the instrument by which the user
examines the content]
The browsers that the reader/viewer uses to read/view/listen to the medium
will pay the cost of the content from the user's electronic account almost
transparently. The browser will then schedule advertisements to pay for the
cost of the content.
The browser has precisely one valuable resource, the attention span of its
user. Periodically [the frequency is established by preferences that the user
can set] the browser will conduct an auction. All the agents that are
interested in taking up some of the user's time [either to deliver an
advertisement or ask a question] submit a "profile" to a third party that
is mutually trusted by the advertisers and the browser. The user also
submits a profile.
The agent's profiles contain two things:
A) a routines which, given the characteristics of the user, returns a price
   that the advertiser is willing to pay for the user's time.
B) the set of conditions which the advertiser is willing to agree to, and how
   much less it is willing to pay if it has to agree to those conditions. For
   example, suppose the user is a citizen of a cyberspatial government that
   prohibits fraud. If it is a popular government, the agent will have done
   one of two things:
       1) It will have been pre-approved by the cyberspatial government's
          censors [who analyzed it to make sure that it wouldn't confuse
          the netizens who support that government] for either a one-time
          fee or a per use fee or both.
       2) Its owner will have given the government a deposit from which to
          subtract fines (using a protocol that supports the use of a third
          party adjudicator).
   After doing this the agent will have received a certificate [probably one
   that requires a time sensitive number from the government to demonstrate
   its validity. There are many protocols for doing this. This allows the
   government to collect its "per use fees". Now acquiring this certification
   has cost the advertiser money, so the profile includes information on how
   much less the advertiser is willing to pay if the user requires agreement
   to the anti-fraud laws of the government in question.
The user's profile will contain:
A) the answers to the questions that have been asked of it. These are
   completelly uncertified.
B) certified characteristics. These may simply be answers which have been
   certified by third parties as time invariant [make sure that the user
   doesn't change his answers all of the time] or they may be certifications
   by vendors that the user spends X dollars on product Y each year, or they
   may be certifications by a third party that the user has bought a gift
   certificate for a class of goods. [For example, certification that a user
   has bought a $100 gift certificate for any truck in class X for Y dollars,
   something that certainly is worth something to truck advertisers.] All
   users will also have several certified characteristics describing how
   frequently they look at advertisements.
   Most of these certificates also require a fee for verification. So the
   user will not be able to demonstrate the certificates without first paying
   the certificate issuers a small fee. [Presumably, in order to fight the
   false issuance of certificates there will be anti-fraud agencies which
   in turn also ceritify the parties issuing the certificates.]
C) The user's preferences. Users may require more money for femenine hygene
   commercials than for beer advertisements. Users may also pay extra for
   advertisements that promise to be entertaining. This promise would
   be backed up by an agreement that requires less entertaining
   advertisements to pay a penalty while more entertaining advertisements
   get a discount. After these commercials the user would rate them. The
   algorithm used to determine who gets what would keep the amount that the
   user pays constant.
   Presumably the algorithm would be tweaked so that non-commercial
   entertainment could be sold through the same medium. Jokes could
   show up and promise to be funny [there could even be certification
   agencies to verify this [the comedian's guild]]. The user would
   then rate the jokes and sufficiently funny jokes could make money.
   [Presumably jokes certified by highly acclaimed comic certification
   agencies would only show themselves if the user were giving them a
   price at which they could make money].
   The governments to which the users belong would also be in this part.
   For each law that is important to the user, there would be an additional
   amount of money that the user is willing to pay for advertisements that
   comply with that law ranging from zero to infinity. Children's
   restrictions also belong here. The user could be subscribed to a law
   which gives a near infinite credit to those advertisers that can verify
   that they are suitable for children.
   Finally, users [and advertisers but I forgot to mention this earlier]
   could pay extra for advertisements that are in context. If the user
   was reading content about X and there is an advertisement related to X,
   the user or advertiser could be willing to pay extra to get an
   advertisement that is relevant to the current content.
The third party puts all this information together and for each advertiser
determines how much he is willing to pay. Then, it modifies the amounts
the advertisers are willing to pay by the credits that the user offers.
Finally these amounts are normalized by the resources that they require.
30 second commercials need twice as high an amount as 15 second commercials
and many times more than visual pop-up and streamer commercials. The highest
amount wins... but the highest amount pays what it was willing to (i.e. the
credits that the user offers are just for determining who wins, not how much
they pay.
Depending on the content they watch, the cost of their net services, and
their advertising preferences, some people will make money just by reading
or viewing the screen while others will have to pay.
The question of guaranteeing advertising time has come up. The way this will
be taken care of is by establishing attention futures markets. Agents will
be able to purchase futures on somebody's attention. So if coke wants its new
advertising campaign to role out to X% of the population at the same time,
it can buy futures. The futures will give coke the right to show its
commercial to a certain person at some point in time between two times.
If the commercial can't be shown, a penalty of Y cents will be paid to coke
by the issuer of the future. The futures would be traded my arbitrage agents
that think they can model the user's advertisement viewing patterns and by
the browser which has an advantage as an insider.

@_date: 1994-08-21 22:43:02
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Snore...Re: e$: buyinfo, internet commerce, and GMU 
Can you elaborate on that? I've been pushing what I understand to be
superdistribution (although never by that name) forever (as measured
in 20 yr old time) and I'm afraid I'm not familiar with the aspects
of which you speak. Has he proposed some sort of nightmarish enforcement
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-21 22:47:41
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? (Sort of) 
In that sentence "they" refered not to the malls but to the cyberspatial

@_date: 1994-08-22 07:17:48
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
A buck is NOT a buck. It keeps on going down in value. We should use the
introduction of digicash to finally create a monetary instrument that never
experiences positive inflation. Incorporate in a foreign land, invest the
money safely, issue and buy back shares according to a fixed formula that
depends only on the valuation of the company, publish your returns and
register the stock as securities in as many lands as possible. You now
have a perfectly legal basis for digicash. The shares will float in the
range of values specified by the stock issuance formula. They will
gradually go up relative to inflation and will be easily traded in multiple currencies. And it will be really difficult for most governments to attack
the "payable to bearer" nature of the currency because it would encroach on
the rights of all American corporations. No?
This will once again make the value of the digicash dependent on when it was
issued. An alternative formulation of this same scheme would have the value
od digi-cash be invariant with the data of issue, but have periodic
redemption dates on which the value of the digi-cash would jump. I find
neither to be desireable.
Market liquidity is increased by convenience to the holder of the securities,
not the issuer of the securities.

@_date: 1994-08-22 21:47:02
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
Lets ignore the dictionary, which says you are wrong, and return to the
issue. Can a government (in cyberspace or otherwise) wield the authority
to tax and regulate behavior without guns?
Easily. They could deny you access to services of greater value than the
tax being imposed. MIT weilds this power quite successfully. This thread
arose because I was talking about cyberspatial governments. A cyberspatial
government might collect a deposit from you before you have access to its
citizenry. If you don't follow the rules... if you don't pay your taxes,
the government takes your property away. How much less powerful is this
crypto weilding cybergovernment than a gun toting physical government?
Clearly not being able to kill you puts it at a disadvantage, but if I'm
under investigation for breaking the law of a cybergovernment the result
of which is the loss of a large fraction of my property, I WILL be coerced.
That assumes that one entity with power will naturally oppose the others.
They frequently do not. USA/MA/Cambridge/MIT all get along quite nicely
and all weild quite a bit of authority over me. In cyberspace mutiple
governments are even more likely to get along, since they can't directly
attack each other.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-23 01:16:25
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
[Tim sez]
  [I say]
    [elton quoth]
I'm sorry. I did not mean to call MIT tuition a tax, I meant to call MIT
a government (which you may very well may object to equally). If MIT were
just some store where you walk in, wait four years and receive an
education, that would be one thing. But MIT is a full community. As such,
MIT imposes many rules on the way we live. It collects fines from offenders.
It has a treaty with the surrounding town of Cambridge according to which
each year we conduct a ceremony in which we present them with a big check
representing one year's tribute, and each Fall we send the new immigrants
to give the town free labor. In return the town gives us protection from
fires and backs up our police department. And we have a police department.
And we have mechanisms for creating rules and enforcing them. And I have
seen a number of people put in situations where MIT told them "These are
our rules, live by them or go some where else", just like Democrats tell
me when I preach Anarchy, "move somewhere else if you don't like it here".
When does this move somewhere else concept cease to be legitimate?
is a government" argument is law enforcement. Although police tend to hang
around parties, I have never observed one take action against an MITer.
Enforcement of the rules at MIT is accomplished by economic coercion. If
you are an employee, you have a job which MIT can take away. If you are a
student you have given MIT a large amount of money towards a degree and
they can take that away. This is precisely how a cyberspatial government
might function. Physical threat is not a necessary element of enforcement.
The argument I keep on hearing seems to be that governments are the bad
things, so since MIT and cybergovernments are good, they must not be
governments. This "good" "bad" stuff doesn't hold water with me.
A cybergovernment says "Do as we say or you can't communicate with our MIT says "Do as we say or go somewhere else"
US democrats say "If you don't like US laws, move somewhere else"
Where do we draw the line between government and non-government and why?
True enough. Most of our rules have been bundled together. Either you accept
all of them or you walk away. So Tim, if you don't like the FBI monitoring
all of your communications and requiring you to give them copies of all
your secret keys, why don't you just leave? [or are you planing to do that?]

@_date: 1994-08-23 19:09:02
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Bob sez:
Well I don't buy the idea that people will shell out cash for this (i.e.
I think the only way we'll wind up with annonymous digicash is if the
people who put together the best system insist on anonymity) but I can't
claim to have data to refute this.
Well we agree that the selling point is economic efficiency. But "anonymity
reduces overhead" ?
All that you save is the space required for the recording of names. Since
whichever digicash system wins will almost certainly include software
automating double entry accounting, I have real trouble buying this.
How much overhead do you really save? Is it enough to offset the costs
of implementing the double spender identification system? I don't think
it is. [Although it seems to me that the costs of both are absolutely
trivial and not worth considering when speaking of the overhead in a
digicash system. Far more important are the investment of capital and the
pragmatics of the exchange mechanism]
How? There are alot of reasons why I think anonymity is important, but I fail
to see any significant economic advantage that anonymity confers to a person
who otherwise couldn't care less about it.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-23 19:11:09
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: MIT Fascism 
I used the word most, implying that SOME laws apply to all people. Or do
you take issue with the all people part?

@_date: 1994-08-24 16:47:28
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
This is how we got into this in the first place. You CAN enforce laws in
cyberspace without the use of physical realm force. You can form a fairly
potent government using economic coercion. [monetary deposits, denial of
communication, and out right banishment]. This rather unfortunate thread
started because people objected to my use of the term government when
refering to a cyberspatial entity that makes and enforces laws... without
Nope. Because of the nonlinear nature of an information economy [the total
value of information is greater when shared in a communty], the power of a
cybergovernment to banish citizens gives it the abilility to enforce its
regulations. This power is enhanced substantially by the availability of
cryptographic protocols to escrow e-cash and withdraw fines from it.
And despite my anarchic tendencies, I think it is important that relatively
powerful cybergovernments come into existence. If they don't, if the average
Joe is not able to enter cyberspace and feel secure, then physical realm
governments will absolutely insist (more than they do now) on extending their
authority into cyberspace and it will take a fair part of my lifetime before
they realize its futility.

@_date: 1994-08-24 19:47:50
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
No it isn't. Making a digital cash system secure, scalable and distributed
is a non-trivial task, making it anonymous is still more difficult.
Guaranteeing anonymity creates alot of problems as was brought out in a
previous discussion on license based cash in which it was pointed out
that by colluding with consumers a bank can still "mark" bills.
I am yet to see a single anonymous digital cash system which could not be
implemented more simply if the requirement on anonymity were not made. I
would be pleased to be proven wrong.
What I'm really asking is for an example of this overhead that is being
And its going to get more considerable when we have communities of agents
arguing with each other. I think we want to solve the problems created by
these requirements, not shy away from them.

@_date: 1994-08-25 08:45:55
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Is pay-per authentication possible absent trust? 
I'm having a problem patching up a serious hole in one of my protocols
and I was wondering if anybody here had a solution. [Actually I suspect
that the hole is impossible to patch, but I haven't been able to convince
myself of that yet so intuitive "proofs" would also be appreciated]
Here is the situation. Charles runs a certification agency. He might be
certifying that you have some basic competency so that people will hire
you. Or he might be certifying that you buy lots of computers with big
brother inside microprocessors, thus making advertisers who want to
sell software for big brother inside computers [i.e. Microsquish] willing
to pay extra money for your time.
Either way, Charles's certification is worth money to you. But the value to
you isn't a constant amount. Each time you use the certification, you derive
additional value from it. So Charles figures that it makes much more sense
to sell his certifications on a per use basis... People who only occasionally
need the certification will be able to afford it and Charles can gouge people
who need the certification frequently for all they are worth.
To do this Charles adopts a protocol in which his signatures are time
dependent. Everybody can verify that his signatures a valid for the time
at which a signature is required, but only Charles can figure out what
the correct signature is for time T in polynomial time. [Note: There are
many alternative methods of accomplishing this, but they all seemed to have
the same hole... If you can find a way to patch the hole that requires
changing this protocol it would still solve my problem].
So Charles sells you one-time certifications, and Microsquish pays you extra
for those certifications and everybody is happy. Then, one day, Microsquish
decides that Charle's certifications aren't worth as much as they used to
be, so it lowers its price (for your time) to slightly greater than what
Charles is charging you. Well this makes you unhappy so you complain to
Charles, but he refuses to change his price. This makes you angry at Charles
and causes you to wonder if there isn't a way to lower your certification
Enter Ingve the insurance salesman. Ingve will guarantee to others that you
are certified by Charles by offering them bets. So suppose that Microsquish
sends you its advertising agent and the agent is offering a 10 nano-slinkys
[a cyberspatial monetary unit] bonus if you can produce one of Charles's
certifications. Charles is charging 8 nano-slinkys. In steps Ingve. You've
told Ingve that you are certified by Charles as a frequent purchaser of big
brother inside computers. So Ingve says: "I'll convince Microsquish to accept
my word that you have Charles's certification in exchange for just four
nanoslinkys. But if at my request you ask for the certification and Charles's
says you aren't certified then you owe me 64 nano-slinkys." Since you are sure
that you are certified you accept the deal. Then Ingve goes to Microsquish
and offers to insure your certification. Each time Microsquish accepts a
certification from Ingve for you, Ingve will pay Microsquish 2 nano-slinkys
but will be able to get your business (and thus offset that with the four
nano-slinkys). But, if it turns whenever Microsquish wants to it can check
up on your certification from Charles at cost (8 nano-slinkys). If Charles certifies you all is well. Otherwise, you owe Ingve 64 nano-slinkys and
Ingve has to pay up Microsquish's insurance claim (which could be quite large
depending on the policy.
The result of all this is that Charles is cheated out of his revenue. Ingve,
You and Microsquish profit, but Charles fails to reap the benefits of his
certification. The question is: Is there a secure method that charles can
use to prevent the "Ingve the insurance salesman attack"?
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:00:08
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Is pay-per authentication possible absent trust? 
First, just let me note that there are a thousand ways to structure it.
In my example, Microsquish gets to hold a challenge whenever they want
to. If everybody is being honest Microsquish will lose eight nano-slinkys
each time they challenge so they won't do it frequently. If everybody
is not being honest, Microsquish will collect substantial damages.
I refuse to get into another vocabulary fight :)
Lets just say that Charles isn't geting as much as he would like. Pay per
use is good for the consumer... note the resentment that high software
prices have created. Although everybody wins by adopting a system that
better approximates reality, ala superdistribution (but we are dealing with
authentication here, not information and after thinking about it alot I have
decided that authentication is NOT necessarily a form of information in that
you can easily demonstrate to somebody that you have been authenticated
without giving them the ability to prove it to somebody else [again lets not
get into a terminology debate, my point is that the intangible asset here
has a different set of properties from the kind we usually deal with in
information economy scenarios]), the consumer with his smaller buying power
wins the most.
So it would really suck for Charles to lose big at the hands of the consumer
because he tried to do something that dramatically improved the consumer's
Now that I think about it, its possible that I'm in error approaching this
problem from a cryptographic standpoint. Maybe the correct course of action
is to establish a cybergovernment which prohibits "Ingve the insurance
salesman" attacks and then set up the fine structure such that the
conspirators will have an enormous incentive to turn each other in.
Agreed, but it is highly desirable for charles NOT to be forced into
selling certifications for a one time fee from the standpoint of all
involved. Assuming Charles is intelligent, unless we can demonstrate
to him a system that prevents these kinds of attacks, he's going to
be stuck with the one time fee payment scheme.
Yeah. I hadn't been looking at it that way because in my model Ingve gets
played by an agent. There IS, however, an argument for giving control of
Ingve to a third party. As I note above, every time Microsquish checks on
the consumer it loses money. An Ingve could act as an intermediary between
Microsquish and a far larger number of consumers. The relationship thus
built (combined with statistical reality) allow Microsquish to use far
fewer test cases and place a significant (but of course not total) amount
of trust in Ingve's methods for guaranteeing valid licenses [whatever
they may be. It is quite conceivable that there are other things which
can alter the probabilities besides actually challenging the consumer
to get a certification from Charles]. This saves Microsquish, and infact
the whole system, money.
Jason W. Solinsky
BTW, perhaps there is an easier solution: only permit Cherles's
certifications to exist in an environment that he controls. Smart
cards and remote computers can easily do this, although remote
computers are undesirable due to their communications overhead.

@_date: 1994-08-26 04:41:58
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Is pay-per authentication possible absent trust? 
True, but we desire something that scales linearly with use.
So you are pointing out that Charles has the ability to move the system
towards a one-time fee system. This is true, but the logic in the above
paragraph is tainted by the fact that the insurance company can shift the
payouts so that the frequency of challenges becomes arbitraily small.
Charles becomes unable to properly charge some customers without overcharging
I agree, I only suggested it because it doesn't look likr cryptography
can help me out here.
Maybe I'm looking at it wrong. The challenge is to pay the certifier based
on the value he provides. Perhaps in situations like these YOU are providing
the per use value and the service of the certification agency is of the
one-time nature. Suppose you have created a piece of software which is
compatible with system X. You need somebody to certify that compatibility.
Each time you sell a copy of that software you receive a certain amount
extra because its compatibility has been certified, but I could argue that
the extra value is due to the carefulness of the programer and that the
value created by the certifier really is one time.
But what about systems in which selling signatures on a one time basis is
truly critical to operation. Consider the example of a user who is going
to buy a car. This characteristic is worth a lot of money to companies who
sell cars, but they need a way to verify it. I have envisioned (and even
written some code for) agents that would come along and offer gift
certificates good for any car in class X. The gift certificates would sell
below face value. The agent who sells these certificates can then use the
information that it has sold you the certificate to attract advertisers at
a high price. You save the amount by which the gift certificate was
discounted, the agent keeps any money made beyond the discount, and the
advertisers get the attention of a hot prospect. But how could this system
work if pay-per use authentication is not possible?
[now that I think about it, I guess it is possible to contact the
advertisers ahead of time and be promised a bounty for each prospect

@_date: 1994-08-27 06:09:22
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: FCC Regulation (fwd) 
Are y'all sure this wasn't a joke? Didn't they at least LOOK in the the
practicality of enforcing something like this?
I think this illustrates the need for self regulation in cyberspace. If we
had only created smart netnews and email filtering software quickly enough,
this never would have happened.

@_date: 1994-08-27 08:23:15
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: FCC Regulation (fwd) 
Of course I'm an idiot.
I think I'll go to sleep now.
Its scary, that having read just the first half of it, I could believe
it to be true. Or maybe it merely proves that my mind is mush.
Yours Foolishly,
JWS

@_date: 1994-08-28 08:22:01
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: DigiCash ??? 
You hire an anonymous reshiper... no different from an anonymous remailer
only you can't use an automated program (yet :) and its damn difficult to
avoid traffic analysis. Assuming that nobody has decided to follow the car
or put a locater in it, your anonymity is ultimatelly ensured by the fact
that the last reshiper in your chain doesn't know whether or not you are
also a reshipper or the new owner. I actually think that given the
impossibility of avoiding traffic analysis, the most sensible solution is
to find somebody that you absolutely trust to buy the car and give it to
you without adding additional stages.

@_date: 1994-08-28 10:11:39
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: In the year 2525 
Rick queried:
Reminds one of the novela Press Enter, no?

@_date: 1994-08-28 10:34:00
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: DigiCash ??? 
No, because there are many solutions around this. A) You can use a
vahicle that transports cars, so the automobile in question never
needs to be driven. B) You can set up a dummy corporation and buy
insurance for a couple of days at the exorbinant rate you'll have to
pay by not specifying who will be driving it. C) have each person
in the reshipper chain do everything legally and then legally hand
the car off to the next person. and so on.

@_date: 1994-08-29 16:38:16
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 1 
Why this dichotomy? A cyberspatial entity is somebody who owns a secret
key. If said entity wants to maximize its anonymity it will reveal
nothing about itself. If said entity wants establish the strongest
possible reputation, it will reveal all (and lock itself into doing so
ahead of time). Since it is enourmously difficult to deal with an entity
with no reputation and since it requires a substantial amount of effort
to establish certified facts about the nature of a cyberspatial entity,
one would expect most (if not all) to exist somewhere in between the two
Agreed. The forms of information that one might need certified are so
varied that the cyberspatial infrastructure needed to support this
system would be massive. But in the mean time, I would expect insurance
to pick up the slack. Under any such scheme the customer doesn't bother
looking at the entity's credentials... it just looks at the insurance
contract given by the insurance company to the customers of the entity
via a blind signature.
The problem with reputations of this form is that it is difficult to
verify that the customer's opinions were not pre-selected. Otherwise a
business could work under several different pseudonyms, combine only
those pseudonyms receiving rave reviews, and leave you with the
impression that they never had a displeased customer. Of course this
happens to a degree in the real world today. That sounds an awful lot like a person to me.
I strongly refute the notion that anything other than federal regulations
prevent this situation from existing in the real world today... And federal
regulations can be replaced by cybergovernments.
This is easy, prevent the agent from taking the money without the
agreement of a set of other parties. Hold money in escrow from the
A key IS an identity. In terms of dealings with corporations there is
no situation in which the official name of the corporation is any more
useful than the key. When dealing with humans, yes a system which
prevents an individual from every changing names can be very valuable,
but such a system is difficult to maintain and requires of high level
of physical realm support.

@_date: 1994-08-30 08:39:44
@_author: Jason W Solinsky 
@_subject: Cyberspatial governments? 
Hal speaks thusly:
This is my simplest suggestion. I use it most frequently in situations
requiring a level of trust which does not exist. But it is difficult to
imagine the existance of a _powerful_ cyberspatial government that does
not base its power on the non-linearity of the value of information (i.e.
the fact that the act of communication tends to leave its participants
with a more valuable set of resources afterwards than they had before
the communication.)
In my most recent use of the idea, I once again suggested it as a
substitute for trust when cryptography will not suffice. You were
writting about the problems of anonymous entities and suggested that
you would have difficulty dealing with such entities because there is
no way for you to know when a company you are dealing with undergoes a
substantial change. But look at the physical realm. What is it that makes
companies disclose changes in their upper management? Why do they announce
major deals publicly? Why do they discuss strategy in their quaterly
filings? They might well be motivated to disclose positive things without
SEC regulations, but negative events show up because a government is forcing
them to make those disclosures.
I forget which financial magazine I read it in, but I recently saw an
article discussing precisely the same problem with reguard to mutual
funds. It seems that the federal requirements on disclosures of major
changes in mutual fund management are sufficiently infrequent that on
a number of occasions they have not been announced for months. Of course,
the article recommended more regulation :-(.
But the question is: How does an entity (any entity, not just cyberspatial
entities and not just anonymous entities) convince the people it deals
with that they will be notified immediatelly if any significant changes
occur? Its an issue of trust. I don't see how it is possible to guarantee
such a trust unless the entity put itself in hock to the extent that the
people it deals with would be hurt if it broke that trust.
In just about 100% of these situations, I would expect an insurance company
to be involved. So while the cybergovernments and escrow agents or whatever
we call them will set a flat price, the insurance agent then has the ability
to enter into a more personal relationship with the entity being insured
(note there is absolutely no reason why the insurance agent needs to be a
third party [in fact there are many good reasons why this might not be ideal]
but the abstraction is a useful one.)
These agents could lower their deposits in exchange for controls over
parts of the decision making process. More importantly they could insure
one entity for multiple potential violations (thousands in fact) and thus
lower the deposit that way. Finally one would expect the least valueable
certifications offered by cybergovernments [my use of the word implies the
existence of some cybercitizenry to which access is made substantially
cheaper by possesing the cybergovernment's certification] to be subsidized
by the citizens of those governments. This last point should allow any
honest business to achieve higher levels of certification by establishing
a reputation. Will there be some entities which find themselves in a
situation in which it makes economic sense to break the rules? Sure, we
have plenty of them today. The cybercitizens and insured entities pick up
the cost. And each time such a loss occurs, information becomes available
that allows us to better match the constraints placed on receiving
certification and the variety of certifications to the economic value
I would also expect proliferation af a trend we are seeing in the physical
realm insurance business today... particularly in the employer
indemnification business. The insurance companies combine their insurance
with consulting on how to avoid the risks being insured for in the first
place. This has the advantage of making the consulting part of the business
receive compensation matched to the value it derives. It also allows
companies to displace the uncertainty traditionally associated with
government decisions. Normally it takes a significant amount of time before
businesses can be sure what the government means by a new law. The close
relationship between insurance company/consultant and customer allows the
customer to price the governmental risk of all possible decisions, and
immediately make the best decision and enter into a contract with the
insurance company that hedges all risk. (The insurance company presumably
has a sufficiently large protfolio to allow it to absorb the risk).
What I have suggested previously, and what I still think is the best idea,
is to structure the deposit such that it can be spent by agreement of both
parties (if the government imposes a fine and the fined entity agrees or
if the entity decides to give up its certification and the government
says it is payed up) or (in the case of a dispute) by the decision of an
arbitrator (selected by a method determined at the time of the deposit).
Under this method the deposit is in cash and it doesn't go anywhere. BUT,
the type of cash can be any that both parties agree to. Since most
cyberspatial currencies will be invested in some way, the deposit will
increase in value [on average].
If you have been following the rules for a long time, the insurance
company will allow you to decrease your deposit. Most car insurance
companies do the same thing. It is possible the the government will
interact with the insurance company in ways that allow the insurance
company to also lower its (larger) deposit.
All that is important is that the value that is to be lost match the value
that is to be gained by commiting the crime. It is my belief that most
people will be able to offer non-monetary assurances to insurance companies
that allow them to dramatically reduce their deposit.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-31 16:28:11
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Force is not physical 
Hal sez:
Force is something that happens in the physical realm and the government
reigns supreme there. Do you want the Government getting involved in
cyberspace? They surely will try, but we needn't encourage them.
Perhaps, however, a more important consideration is the fact that our
systems are highly flawed if we can NOT rely on them to protect us without
government intervention. Its a good sound design criterion. Besides, what
is the probability of a physical realm Government [Duncan's convention for
the great evil :) ] catching an anonymous thief who went through a well
designed remailer system. Not bloody likely...
A contract should ALWAYS contain enforceable breach provisions. The amount
of misery that is caused in the physical realm each year due to people not
following this rule is enormous. In cyberspace there is even less excuse
for not following this rule because transaction costs are so low. [In the
physical realm there are numerous situations in which high transaction costs
render the negotiation of breach provisions for low probability events
If you can't enforce a contract or the enforcement is not explicitly
spelled out you've done something wrong and you are inviting both
misery and inefficient litigation.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-08-31 17:08:09
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Blanc quoth:
People are using anonymity in a different way than has practical value
within cyberspace. Anonymity usually means that you can not match a
physical realm person to a cyberspatial private key. But that doesn't
mean you don't know anything about the entity. The skills of an entity
without any reputation capital are absolutely worthless. But usually an anonymous entity will come around brandishing all sorts of certifications (reputation capital).
So, as it is usually used, anonymity does not mean zero knowledge. It
means you lack knowledge that would enable you to match the key to the
physical realm person it corresponds to. With this in mind, the
coexistence of the aforementioned attributes ceases to be problematic.

@_date: 1994-07-14 05:22:17
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: How broad are PKP's patents? 
Or more specifically, I'm interested in how broad PKP thinks they
are. I understand that they claim all public-key systems, but am
I correct that that claim is based entirely on the Diffie-Hellman
patent expiring in April, 1997?
Is Shamir's three-pass protocol as presented on page 376 in
applied cryptography covered?
If you you used his protocol with the RSA-like symetric algorithm
suggested, is it covered under the RSA patent? Would an elliptic
analog of this be secure?
Are there other cryptographically secure communtative symetric
ciphers that could be used in Shamir's three pass protocol?
Being able to use this without infringing on any patents would
effectively obviate the need for public key cryptography outside
of authentication.
What about probabilistic encryption using a BBS generator? Does
RSADSI claim that because it too depends on the computational
hardness of factoring?
Thanks in advance,
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-07-14 05:22:19
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Probabilistic Encryption 
How secure do you guys think Probabilistic encryption using a BBS generator
is? It looks like its every bit as good for key exchanges as RSA and somewhat
better because of its speed.
Would I compromise the security of the algorithm if I modified it to take
the maximum number of random bits from each itteration of the BBS RNG
and made the corrosponding changes in the encryption algorithm this
making it faster?
How dangerous is it (looking at system wide security) to generate the
random bits ahead of time? Is it overkill to disable swaping from the
location the random bits are held in? (keeping in mind that disabling
swapping is a major pain since it is system specific).

@_date: 1994-07-14 05:22:20
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
Why do people do tripple DES and *shudder* tripple IDEA
instead of doing some form of non-redundant secret splitting
and then encrypting with multiple keys.
For example, instead of triple DES, why not
A) divide the compressed plaintext into blocks of n*64 (where n=2 in the
   simple example, higher in the overkill examples)
B) Split each block into n parts such that:
     i)   The splitting can be reversed.
     ii)  During the inverse of the splitting each bit in the plaintext is
          dependent on several bits from each of the parts of the splittext.
     iii) The total number of bits in the splittext is the same as in the
          plaintext.
   The last point will make this form of secret spliting relatively
   insecure, but that's OK for this application (I think, this is
   really what I'm asking you.)
C) Now, for each n*64 bit block you have n blocks of 64 bits. Hook these
   together in n chains and encrypt with DES with different keys in CBC,
   CFB or OFB mode.
D) Unencrypt on the other end.
You can make the key size arbitrarily large and it takes much less time
than triple DES and its immune to meet in the middle attacks. So why do
we use triple DES?
If I am wrong about the security of point B-iii, am I correct that by
switching to a secure secret splitting algorithm and setting n=2, we
still get faster performance for the same cryptanalytical hardness as
triple DES?

@_date: 1994-07-14 23:45:54
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
Although I mentioned "true" secret splitting at the end of my post, I was
refering to non-redundant secret splitting in most of the post. That is,
for each 128 bit block, you split it into two 64 bit blocks. Obviously you
have to make sure that in the inverse of the split, each bit of the 128 is
dependent on multiple bits in both 64 bit parts.
This is obviously not as secure as traditional secret splitting, but you
don't need it to be because this isn't a threshold scheme. You just need
to guarantee that knowing one half does not allow you to reassemble the
other half. I am claiming that you can allow the crypt analyst to remove
half of the entropy from the plaintext (did I phrase that right? probably
not :( ) and the other half will still require successful cryptanalysis
of DES and since you can't tell if you're right until you get both halves,
meet in the middle does not work.
So, is a secret splitting algorithm that does NOT increase redundancy
followed by DES with different keys on both halves as secure as triple
DES? I believe so, but I would like your opinions on the issue before
I consider implementing this. If it works it would be especially nice
because it allows arbitrary extension of keysize without substantially
increasing the time required for computation.
I have a hunch that if I'm wrong, its because the time required to do secure
non-redundant secret splitting is as large as the time I'm saving.

@_date: 1994-07-15 00:27:06
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
My point is that you can get the same level of
security with much less effort/computation.
BTW, am I incorrect in my belief that the additional
security provided by the 32 bit shifting TRAN operation
suggested for the 3DEA hardly provides any additional
security? (i.e. if they could break 3 IDEA operations
or 3 DES operations, they can break them with
32 bit shifting TRAN operations interleaved in just
about the same amount of time.) It looks like it would
make meet-in-the middle attacks take up substantially
more memory and make identifying successful decryptions
slightly more difficult, but for security against nearly
brute force there isn't much difference between
2^(47) and 2^(47.2) operations.

@_date: 1994-07-15 00:29:01
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
I disagree with this, and I would site as a case and point the fact
that differential cryptanalytic attacks were not "discovered" until
1990 while a relatively small team of IBM cryptologists had it back
in 1974 when they made DES. NSA apparently had it before then.
This is why I would rather find a fast secure mulitple DES method
based on spliting and not have to use IDEA which us so new. Before I
was born, NSA knew all of these things which were not figured out
by the academic community until this decade. (of course they could
also know of some sort of back door, but I think that the fact that
NSA knew of differential cryptography and let an algorithm immune to
it pass while they lowered the key size says something about DES's
security against attacks the academic community hasn't figured out yet.
The bottom line is that NSA has demonstrated that they can outperform
academia without public reviews of their method (LEAFs aside for the
moment [government agencies are after all required to do several stupid
things each year])

@_date: 1994-07-15 00:29:12
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Probabilistic Encryption 
Well it is based on a PRNG exor, but the hardness of the encryption is
based on the hardness of factoring the modulus used in the BBS RNG so I
don't think you need to give me a "kiddy" lecture. (And I'm not using it
for authentication, something which I belive is necessarily weak in any
cypher being encrypted and decrypted via exor)
I first saw a useful version of this in Schneier although I had previously
seen versions that generated ciphers twice as large as the plaintext (which
are uninteresting to me since I'm working ona VERY bandwidth conscious Here is how it works:
First, choose two large prime numbers that are one less than a multiple of
four. Since the security of this algorithm is based on the difficulty of
factoring, I guess hard primes would be nice but I don't know if it really
Next choose a random number. Since you only need one random number, you
probably don't need it to be very secure, but just in case its a good
In each iteration of a BBS you modify the seed by the following operation:
seed(new) = (seed(old))^2 mod n [n is the product of your primes].
Throw your seed in there, if you question its security iterate it once
before using any numbers.
If your seed has 2^n bits, the lowest n bits will be randomly generated
bits that are sufficiently secure for any cryptographics application you
can think off. Exor the the stream of random bits with the stream of
plaintext and append the final seed and you get your cyphertext.
NOW, in order to remove the cypher, you need to figure out what the initial
seed was. For a BBS generator, the only way you can do that is by factoring
the modulus. The private key then, is the two factors. The public key is the modulus n. Clearly you can't authenticate by this, but there are much better algorithms for that anyway. What this provides is a public key system based
on the hardness of factoring that is faster than RSA and apparently not
covered by the RSA patent. (although I've asked for opinions on this last
point in another post)
I really believe that this is secure, but I wanted opinions before I
implemented it as the algorithm users can use when they want to say
"screw you RSADSI".
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-07-16 11:15:02
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Card Playing Protocol? 
If I implement a card playing protocol and Okamoto & Ohta's bankless cash
system today and tomorrow morning (primarilly to verify that my primitives
work correctly) will you guys promise to pick them apart Sunday evening and

@_date: 1994-07-17 11:58:52
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
What about Shamir's triple pass key exchange protocol (explained briefly
below). Its the perfect key exchange algorithm. It obsoletes Public key
systems entirely as long as you only need to exchange keys and not
authenticate. I'd say that is pretty decent evidence that he does still
do things to help the field when it might hurt RSADSI. (although I wouldn't
say the same thing about all of them)
Triple pass key exchange:
Choose a commutative symetric encryption algorithm.
Step 1: A encrypts the session key in his personal symetric key (he doesn't
        share it with anybody) and sends the message to B: Ea(K)
Step 2: B encrypts this in her personal symetric key and sends it back
        to A: Eb(Ea(K))
Step 3: A decrypts the message and sends it back to B: Da(Eb(Ea(K)))
        Since we chose a commutative algorithm, this is Eb(K).
Step 4: B decrypts with her key and Eve (ala Scheier) has no clue. Mallet
        can't intercept your communication, but he can talk to you and
        unless you have some sort of authentication impersonate Eve.
Example commutative algorithm out of Schneier by Shamir based on the
hardness of factoring:
Choose a large prime, p. Choose an encryption key e that is a large prime
less than p. Choose a d so that d*e mod (p-1) = 1 (i.e. the muliplicative
inverse of e in mod (p-1)).
C = P^e mod p
P = C^d mod p
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-07-18 01:52:54
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Key length security (calculations!) 
[I describe the shamir triple pass key exchange protocol]
Can anybody verify this? I thought that DH only applied to public key systems.
Surely the idea of exchanging keys can't be patented. You have to patent the
process and I though DH just took care of the public key symetric key exchange

@_date: 1994-07-18 11:20:33
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Probabilistic encryption works! 
Is this true? I've given this some thought and I had convinced myself that
the nature of the algorithm makes it fundamentally impossible. You tend
to give away bits of information reguardless of how you use it. I'd like
to be wrong though...

@_date: 1994-07-18 13:19:22
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
Clearly, if you have access to P0, P1; C0 and C1 this attack crushes the
algorithm. In most books I've seen, it is assumed that you do not have
access to this. For example, it is not considered a liability that somebody
hacking a DES encrypted message after 8 rounds could have a _relatively_
easy time hacking it.
Nonetheless, your cryptanalytic algorithm makes clear an additional
constraints that must be placed on the system which I had not realized:
possible to reconstruct both the plaintext, and the cyphertext for either
half of the message.
To that end I would suggest the improvement of making the splitting
operation dependent on the keys.
One of many possible implementations: Do a simple splitting operation
like the one johndo suggested. Concatenate the two halves. Then hash
the concatenation of the two keys. Concatenate the negation of the hash
to the hash. Then multiplex the bits of the message to message  and
message  based on the bits in the resultant string of bits, repeating
the string until all the message bits are allocated. This prevents them
from splitting the problem in two thus, I believe, requiring the full
attack, giving arbitrarilly strong protection based on your favorite
fully analyzed encryption algorithm while only minimally decreasing speed
versus the single encryption (20-30%) and maintaining the same size. Am
I wrong?

@_date: 1994-07-19 05:37:39
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
I don't believe this is true. You have C0 and C1, but you can not figure
out P0 and P1 without the hash of the concatenation of both keys. Without
this you can not do a meet in in the middle attack, right?
BTW, after thinking about things, I would modify my earlier design in
one way:
Don't concatenate the negation of the two key hash to the hash. The
point of that step was to split the cipher into two equal sized parts,
but there is no reason to require that. In fact the possibility of
different sized parts would add to the confussion. (The probability
of an extreme imbalance in the size of the ciphers is extremelly
I think that multiplexing based on the hash of the concatenated keys
is as secure as the one way hash function is, no?
Well I don't believe that this is the case, but there is one way to find out
:). I believe that for messages longer than a couple of K, my algorithm
provides substantially more security than its DES analog and is quicker.
I'll write up a version of this that splits into 4 parts and post it here
some time over the next week. I think that splitting into four parts should
be about as quick as double DES while providing substantially more security
than triple DES (which I will time it against).
The question of the security of the split is difficult to resolve so I would
like some help with it. Is multiplexing based on the hash of the concat of
the keys as secure as the hash?
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-07-19 11:32:40
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
We thus far agree. Vulnerability is dependent on splitting it into
parallel problems.
AH! I hadn't been looking at it that way. I wish I had thought of it like
that. You are then quite correct that meet-in-the-middle attacks can be
done, but the key to the first encryption (the hashing multiplex) is 112
bits (for the split into two parts version) which would require 2^112
stored messages, substantially more than could possibly be stored by
anybody ever (well, I guess ever is a bad word to use in this context). When I am multiplexing based just on the hash of the keys and not
hash followed by negated hash, the cryptanalyst does not know how
to derive Ci (i=1...n) from C. This is even more true if I interleave
the cipher texts instead of sending them one after the other (which makes
more sense if I am doing them in parallel anyway). Of course this only
increases security by a few powers of two (about n-2 where the length of
the hash is 2^n and we constrain the keys slightly to avoid lopsided
splits) if the opponent has the memory available to do a meet in the middle attack for n=2. For n=4 this increased security becomes substantial
however. (Combinations of numbers that add up to the size of the hash as
constrained by the binomial distribution and splits that the program
determines to be acceptable.) It is still far less security than is
provided by the rest of the algorithm, however. So I suppose I should
consider this to negligible (even if it is around 2^10) and concede the
Certainly, but I figure that if using the hash of the keys stands up, then
the stronger totally seperate version certainly will.
Your point is unquestionably valid, but I still believe that the security
of the scheme, even when just splitting into two parts and using the hash
of the keys to multiplex the split, is much worse (by more than a couple
of factors of two) than DES.
I suppose I have merely created a new hash based symetric cipher. I will
have to look up the other hash based symetric ciphers and see how they
I don't think that meet in the middle attacks are relevant because nobody
has 2^112 memory. Its just alot. Schneier claims that at 128 bits there
probably isn't enough matter in the universe to meet an algorithm using
IDEA in the middle. I would say that 112 bits is nearly as solid a line of

@_date: 1994-07-20 15:54:23
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Why triple encryption instead of split+encrypt? 
Agreed so far.
Yeah. You're right. Make a table of the backwards DES, then match
against that when attacking the spliting part of the algorithm. I
don't know how I missed that.
Agreed (although I'll point out that my splitting algorithm IS dependent
on both keys/) If I want a fast hash based symetric cipher, I'll use
MDC or Luby-Rackoff.

@_date: 1994-07-21 08:15:13
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: No more Cantwell amendment? was Re: Clipper Chip retreat 
The article implied that in exchange for this, the Cantwell amendment had
been scrapped. This was far more important, IMHO. The government never had
a chance to impose that silly chip. But threatening prison to people who
export crypto is extremelly painful to people trying to build businesses
based on things that use cryptography.
Has the government ever actually prosecuted somebody for exporting crypto
source code via the net? It seems like an interesting test case, and based
on the ruling about exporting applied cryptography, I would say that it was
permitted. (After all, our right to free speach involves the transmission
of ideas. I can understand them stopping the export of physical things
like computer disks, but not source code).
So does anybody actually know of a case in which the government attempted
to jail somebody for knowingly transmitting cryptographic programs from the

@_date: 1994-07-21 08:38:36
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
The selling point for digital cash is that it has a low transaction cost
and can easily be used for extremelly small transactions. If agent A and
agent B want to do business without bothering their owners, you had better
have some robust digicash.

@_date: 1994-07-21 09:53:13
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
Not yet. But I'm just a few weeks away from Alpha testing a very
large web-based project which has all sorts of agents interacting
with each other and dealing in very small amounts of money. It
includes a second rate (but effective) digital cash protocol.
When I'm done (which will be very soon), I'll post the code
here so everybody can tell me what's wrong. I am presently
attempting to upgrade the digital cash to a new method that
I've devised (using other people's demonstratedly secure
primatives of course). That's why I joined this list recently.
I am sure of two things:
A) To extract the greatest possible value from human time,
it is necessary so set up a complex infrastructure of agents
that can abstract tasks whenever possible.
B) A system like this can not exist without a method of
dealing with extremelly small monetary transactions.
If my confidence is not misplaced, digital cash is simply
required by the digital future.

@_date: 1994-07-21 13:46:58
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: No more Cantwell amendment? was Re: Clipper Chip retreat 
I'm not concerned with physical equiptment. Clearly the government has the
authority to regulate the export of physical items under munitions laws.
But I don't think they should be (or can be under the first amendment)
allowed to regulate the flow of information, whether it be via nets or
paper. I would suggest that this distinction is why the US is allowing the
export of applied cryptography, but not applied cryptography disks. Even if
the government believes that distribution of the book is harmful to national
security, they clearly can't regulate the expression of ideas on paper.
Now most of us have come to think of email as something in between paper
and phone calls, but there is no legal precedent (To my knowledge). So I
suppose the government could make that argument and defend it. But its
really hard for me to imagine the government cracking down on somebody for
posting source code via the internet. I'll test that when I'm ready for
alpha though. Anybody know a constitutional lawyer interested in taking
on a precedent setting case pro bono? :-/

@_date: 1994-07-21 19:37:26
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Simple solution for people like you: Secret split your key into eight pieces,
such that six or seven are required to reconstruct it. Create a mechanism
whereby people can anonymously distribute their keys. Have the govenment
escrow keep just the names of the people with the other pieces. Periodically
require everybody to prove that they still have the same piece by sending
hashes. When the government wants your key it presents a warrant to the people
holding your pieces.
But I find this sort of system to be silly. its only purpose is to eavesdrop
in on my conversations. Why would I want somebody doing that? I like my
privacy so I'd rather not participate.
This is total bullshit. In the physical world, the ideal set up would
clearly be one in which each individual negotiated with each other
individual what the contract between them would be. "I don't want to
die and you don't want to die, so lets both agree not to kill each other
and put some money towards a system of police that guarantees this.
I want property rights so I can enjoy the fruits of my labor..."
This scenario is, of course, absurd. It takes time to negotiate things like
this. Negotiations also require the possibility of no agreement, allowing
the parties to re-examine the strength of their respective positions before
going back to the table. The cost of conducting these negotiations in the
physical world is enourmous.
The cost of conducting these negotiations in the real world is negligible.
People who like their freedom can negotiate on their own. The stupid and
the insecure can purchase agents from other people that do the same thing.
LAWS CAN EASILY BE MADE OPTIONAL IN CYBERSPACE WHILE STILL MAINTAINING
THEIR EFFECTIVENESS. Enforcement of a law is a natural part of the agreement
to participate in it. There is absolutely no reason why one set of laws with
one set of enforcers needs to be adopted simply because the transactional
cost is negligible and the results of non-agreement can be determined
nearly instantaneously. I will be introducing the paleolithic analog of
an information society in the next few weeks. You had better believe that
by the time the information superhighway takes off, complex systems that
enforce complex rules will be available to those who want them.
It absurd to think that the Feds can control anything in cyberspace without
some sort of physical world police state. Its just not feasible, entropy
is dominant.

@_date: 1994-07-22 08:38:08
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
The point here is that if the evil government wants to go busting in on
your conversations without a warrant, it can't. Even if they cheated and
looked in the escrow for the names of you secret holders, they'd have to
show them a warrant. The government couldn't try pressuring that many people
before one of them blabbed and that would lose those folks doing the
pressuring their jobs and quite probably result in prison time and political
I still don't like the idea of escrows because it assumes that I have
something to hide, but if you have to do an escrow, I thing eight people
is fine.

@_date: 1994-07-22 09:43:15
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
:) It is most certainly a typo.
You are entirely missing my point. The superior efficiency of cyberspace,
its low transaction costs, have created possibilities there that can not
exist in the physical realm.
In both realms people have different wants and desires. Because they interact
with each other, the actions of one individual can have an impact upon the
actions of other individuals. Without any form of social agreement, there
would be no security, no certainty about anything. This can be highly
inefficient. There is no point in starting a big project today, if there
is a high probability that somebody will kill you tomorrow. There is no
point in doing something that other people would find useful if there is
no mechanism for you to exchange it with them for services that you find
To circumvent this inefficiency, individuals enter into contracts with one
another. A and B might agree not to kill each other. In exchange for giving
up this element of their freedom, they get security. Security has value.
It enables them to undertake long term projects that might otherwise not have
been possible. But a contract like this is not useful without some mechanism
of enforcement, so A and B have to agree to pay for some sort of policeman.
This policeman would receive compensation for enforcing the contract between
A and B.
HERE IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE PHYSICAL WORLD AND CYBERSPACE.
In the physical realm, in order for a contract like this to work, large
numbers of people have to be bound to it. This is true for the following
A) The number of people bound under the contract must be large enough to make
it unlikely that the policeman can control them or break his contract.
B) Negotiating a contract like this takes alot of time. The compensation for
the policeman has to be determined. The mechanisms for disciplining murderers
(and determining guilt) have to be determined. The mechanisms for enforcing
the contract between the police and the people have to be determined. The
mechanisms for determining how much each person will be required to pay have
to be determined.
This is an extraordinarily inefficient procedure in the physical world. To
deal with this inefficiency we have developed laws. Laws specify that all
sentient individuals within a given area have to agree to a specific contract.
There is no contract negotiation, there is just a contract that automatically
applies and because a substantial majority of the individuals within a given
locality respect the laws, this system works. In fact legal systems are highly
inefficient artifacts in the physical world.
In cyberspace, the two motivations for extending contracts to all
participants (i.e. having uniform laws) are no longer present. Point A
is no longer true. You don't need to have an enforcing policeman whose
power is balanced by the large number of people he protects, cryptography
can take the policeman's place as the contract enforcer. Point B is no
longer valid because the entire negotiation process can be automated by
computer with negligible transaction costs.
Without any motivation for laws, individuals can get their security through
personal contracts with other individuals. If you don't want to worry about
fraud, subscribe to a fraud protection agency that you like. Any individual
agent that wants to make you an offer will have to first be approved by the
fraud protection agency. In exchange for this approval, the agent will pay
the protection agency money and then pass along that cost to consumers that
required the approval. Alternatively, the agent can agree not to violate the
rules of the FPA, and give the FPA a deposit. If the agent screws up, victims
of fraud could collect recompense via the method of adjudication specified
by the FPA. If the agent isn't willing to agree to the fules of the FPA,
then the user and that agent just won't do business. There can be thousands
upon thousands of FPAs in a scheme like this and individual FPAs can offer
all sorts of protection plans.
In the real world a system like this could never be implemented, the cost
of administering it would be too great. How could stores know what standard
of honesty was required for each individual customer if different customers lived under different laws? The store has to be notified of the specific
rules governing a specific customer. The store has to pay a tiny amount
to the FPA. It has to be verified that this amount is collected. The store
must then alter its sales strategy for the customer.
This would clearly no work in the real world. If I wanted to buy a watermelon slush outside of the Kendal T (something I am about to do)
it would cost me about $200 in transaction costs beyond the $1 for the
slush. This is where the difference lies. It simply becomes feasible to
have individually tailored social contracts once you enter cyberspace.
Individuals with incompatible social contracts simply can't communicate
with one another. You get absolute freedom AND absolute security.

@_date: 1994-07-22 10:09:44
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
Well here are the answers that I'm working with in my model:
First, what you set up has to work off-line. At the same time, validation,
by its very nature, is a process that can only be accomplished online. The
part of my code that I am in the middle of right now (and strugling with)
uses a distributed dynamic hashing scheme (with some attempt at periodic
space minimalization [this is what is making it tricky]) whereby information
is recorded in the public system such that if one part of a bill is used
twice, the cheat's identity is revealed. If two people try to record the
same payment, the person who records it first (according to a distributed
byzantine agreement algorithm) gets the money. Now if its a small amount,
you can feel comfortable dealing with it off-line. If its a large amount,
you want to hold off closing the transaction until you get confirmation
that the payment which you recorded has been accepted by the majority as
the first. Clearly this is not at all simple, but it is provably do-able.
And its my attempt to do this that led me to join this list (although
the complex parts have turned out to be dealing with the perfect hashing
that makes things scalable and not cryptography.)
For types of small transactions that will be executed frequently, the
best idea is to establish accounts. In my system, when ever an agent
enters somebody else's computer, it gives the local wizard (the agent
with the final say on computational cycles, storage space, and
communications) a deposit which neither the agent nor the wizard can
cash without agreement by both [do public validation and recording
but hold off on the last steps which allow the wizard to use the money].
The money is thus recorded globally as having been spoken for. Then, for
all transactions on the local machine, the agent simply uses its local
account, just as anybody would in a much simpler bank-based protocol,
like the ones we have now.
So effectively, tiny transactions are taken care of differently (although
there is no reason why this has to be the case other than efficiency [you
actually have to pay the global community for validating everything so
it is simply cheaper to use account based ecash]).
I don't agree on this point. I prefer license based e-cash which is modified
on each transaction (and unfortunatelly gets slightly bigger -- the downside
of this method). If we're going to make the conversion to ecash, we might
as well make it as powerful as mathematics will allow.
Where can I find information about telescript?

@_date: 1994-07-22 13:04:47
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
Well I've only got small implemented right now, so I guess that's where
things are focused now. Whether there is more medium or large depends on
how comfortable vendors feel with their customers. I imagine that
certification agencies will develope using my primitives, that will
certify (by betting money on it) that certain people are likely not trying
to double spend. Economics will sort things out. People will chose
whatever form makes them the most money.
Well, I'm expecting a major shift in how people view transactions once the
agents are available to obscure the details. The account based money is
intended to support a market based system whereby competing bits of
information and advertisements vie for the user's attention. In this sort
of system there are LOTS of tiny transactions on one system. Also, I don't
expect the large scale money transactions to wind up costing more than
a penny or less after everything is set up. The problem is that initially
there will be few transactions to amortize processing and communications
costs over. When there are large numbers of transactions occuring, even the
medium/large scale transactions will be cheap.
In systems like this, a bank initially issues the user a license. The bank
verifies the identity of the user and issues him a license authenticated
by the bank in a manner that prevents the bank from knowing which license
the user got... unless the user cheats at a latter time in which case the
vendor which knows the license and the bank which knows the ID will each
find out the other and track down the user. Okamoto and Ohta proposed a
centralized one of these in Crypto '91. I'm using some results from
papers on minimalist and dynamic hashing functions (two groups that
do not normally get along well) to create a truly distributed analog to
this system.

@_date: 1994-07-22 18:02:52
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Gore's "new and improved" key escrow proposal 
I think that this is an exceellent idea, not one to be laughed at. Voluntary
compliance is a good thing. Something I'm toying with is the possibility of
putting a voluntary tax in my program. 1% of all transactions would go to
paying for educational access and access for poor people. If you don't want
to contribute, just turn it off. As long as either the vendor or the customer
has the option on, 1% will find its way to those groups. Vendors and
customers would even be able to charge groups that do not participate extra
as a penalty for not being socially conscious. Government intervention with
guns is not necessary for warm fuzzy things to occur.
Voluntarilly participating in things like escrow and "warm fuzzy liberal
taxes" has the potential to take the bite out of legilation intended to
regulate us. (And remember, another name for secret-split key escrow is
KEY BACKUP, a very important function in any cryptographic system that's
intended to last and be reasonably universal.)

@_date: 1994-07-23 09:47:51
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
When properly implemented, nobody can deduce anything from the "audit trail"
other than the validity of the e-cash. If somebody cheats, only the cheater
(and people who reuse his money without checking first) is revealed. I should
note that the Japanese system that I started with does not quite cut it in
this reguard. A tiny bit of probabilistic encryption goes a long way
towards imporving their system. (Vendors and banks could otherwise deduce
things when they saw the same license).
On a more important note, I believe that in one of the papers on my to-read
list for this weeked, Chaum demonstrates that e-cash can not be transferable
unless it grows bigger. Otherwise you have to give it back to the bank and
get a new one each time it is used. Given this, I think that it is highly
desireable for us to accept the increasing size of the e-cash and maintain
its transferability.

@_date: 1994-07-23 17:34:06
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
Well I've skimmed the paper because this is non-intuitive to me, and I'm
impressed by the level of security that Chaum requires from his protocols.
He treats the absolutely impossible and the computationally infeasible
seperately. Determining whether the coin is one of yours falls into the
second category. In order to determine whether you have used a coin
previously (in a maximally secure scheme) you need the bank's secret key.
So you just wind up your 4096 bit number factoring machine, dump in the
modulus, and presto, out come your factors from which you compute the
secret key.
Now I don't know about you, but if I had the bank's key, figuring out
if I've seen a digital coin before is NOT the first thing I would do.

@_date: 1994-07-24 08:40:41
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Pantent archive? 
Is there an archive of important cryptographic patents any where on the net?

@_date: 1994-07-24 10:09:59
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Voice/Fax Checks 
So the problem we are now looking at is when a prior user and the bank team
up, the person who finally redeems the cash at the bank can be identified
as handling cash that the colluding user previously had. There is a simple
solution to this, if you are this paranoid, don't redeem the cash yourself,
just pass it to a non-bank. Once you do this NOTHING can be determined
about you unless you double spend. (Unless the bank's private key is

@_date: 1994-07-29 19:33:03
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
This is a relatively inane conspiracy theory. Gates hardly requires any
assistance since the feds were already committed to setting up licenses
in bands that are good for these types of networks. Both the FCC and Hughes
have sped up their efforts towards these systems in recent days.
And the satellite system is not Bill Gates. He is an investor, and a fairly
small one. Gates and McCaw (sp?) gave that venture much more by attaching
their names to it than they did by giving a few of their millions. I seem
to recall Gates' share being 7 megabucks.
Jesus people are paranoid. I happen to be of the opinion that A) if escrow
isn't bult into things by the time Chicago, Cairo and Daytona are out it
will be too late and that B) software based escrows are a good thing because
they take the wind out of hardware based encryption efforts and they are
difficult to make mandatory.

@_date: 1994-10-03 01:17:09
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread? 
[sorry if this is way out of it, I haven't had time to keep up with my
c-punks mail lattely]
Duncan writes
As I'm sure somebody else has pointed out somewhere along this thread, the
ability to simultaneously analyze a superposition of an arbitrarilly large
subset of all possible imputs (as our theoretical quantum cryptanalytic
device might) implies to ability to solve, in polynomial time, any
exponential time problem.
[Its easy to consider a device which, given a superposition of a subset of
all numbers less than 2^n, delivers as output a confirmation or denial
that one of the numbers in the subset is a factor of the input modulus.
Such a device can factor in order n time complexity simply by playing higher
lower games and guessing one bit at a time] I want to take issue Duncan's analogy here however. It starts off well:
This is like saying entropy always wins, which it does. It will always be
easier to take apart and destroy than to create. Then he continues:
Which process is increasing order and which process is increasing entropy?
I think an encrypted message is a highly ordered construct. In its natural
state, information can be read by everyone. Upon this state encryption
imposes order. It allows a specific subset of all entities to read the
information. In the total cyberspatial system, none of the original
information has been lost, yet new information has been added. I look at encryption as the tool that will allow us to build up an orderly
society within the natural anarchy of cyberspace. Encryption is an artifact
of order.
And as such I would expect science to eventually uncover a mechanism that
makes it easier to breakdown this order than to create it in the first
I suppose it is plausible that there exists a class of Quantum-Hard problems,
but it is difficult for me to conceptualize such a class of problems. It
seems like quantum computation is capable of decreasing the time complexity
 of any problem to its logarithm an arbitrarilly large number of times.
[Not that I believe for one moment that it is likely that quantum
cryptanalytic machines will be developed that are sufficiently fault
tolerant (if the term can even be applied to a system like this) to
overcome the coupling between the quantum computer and the surrounding
environment in the next couple of decades.]
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-10-03 21:01:48
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread? 
Well its quite possible that I am wrong since I didn't exactly have the
easiest time reading the papers on the subject. But this is my reasoning:
If you can create a machine that gives you a yes or no result (yes at least
one of the subset of possible inputs entered into the machine contains
the properties you are looking for [i.e. does not destructively interfere],
or no there aren't any) then you can construct an quantum computer that
tests for the property(s) the correct answer must have (in the case of
factoring, the machine will test whether or not inputs divide the modulus).
You can now repeatedly enter as inputs superpositions of inputs that include
precisely half of all inputs that might (given the information that has
already been gathered) be correct). You will now be able to mount a brute
force attack searching through 2^n possibilities in order n time. It should
be possible to nest these machines (although admitedly this does nasty
things to the physical complexity of the quantum computer. It doesn't
seem like the complexity would grow exponentially in the case of nesting
[in fact it seems like it would go quadratically with the nesting level]
but I'd have to think about it some more before I could claim to be confident
of that.) thus allowing us to reduce any problem of time complexity
e^X(n) (where X is either a polynomial in n or of the form e^X(n) [this
goes on recursively]) to a problem of polynomial time complexity.

@_date: 1994-10-04 22:18:08
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: archives 
I used to read cpunks from the discuss archive before I joined the list.
Are non-MIT folks able to access:
You made need to fill in the form at  with
cpunks and menelaus.mit.edu before this link works.

@_date: 1994-10-05 00:35:31
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: archives 
I'm sure there is a way, but I'm afraid I don't know what it is. Maybe
somebody else here does?
Sheepishly Yours,
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-09-01 20:08:53
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Is the following digicash protocol possible? 
I assume you mean the last line to read "to prove that D got
this unit from C".
Chaum has demonstrated (In a paper I discussed here a little
over a month ago) that when A, B and E collude they can be sure
that the cash D gave to E is part of the same banknote that B
gave to C.
HOWEVER, it is possible to design a protocol such that
it is NOT possible for A, B and E to be sure that C gave
his money directly to D. (i.e. a protocol can be designed
such that A, B and E can not rule out the possibility that
the cash went from C to F to G to H to I to J to D. Thus,
the solution for entities that are worried about having
their cash marked is to exchange banknotes anonymously
with randomly selected entities before using them again.
Anonymous e-cash can be created such that the identity
of the cheat is immediatelly known as soon as the second
copy of the banknote (or of a part of the banknote)
reaches A. I should think that any protocol which requires
backtracking would be highly undesirable (i.e. D' and
idealy E' should not be bothered).
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1994-09-02 06:38:45
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Cabel TV's new specs require leaky encryption 
Yup, that's why you always want to know who implemented your
authentication scheme. But the fact that an algorithm is capable
of doing sumliminal messaging does not speak badly about it. In
fact, I think it is an extremelly good sign that this was placed
in the RFP. It shows that they are aware of the potential problem
and are trying to avoid it (IMNSHO). If a cable company actually
tried to leak your key in this manner, it would create an enourmous
potential liability for them.
Cable companies would like to offer some services as a common carrier
(although they clearly want avoid having the entirety of their business designated as such). That means that they are going to have to comply
with the digital telephony act.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1995-08-05 00:51:58
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
For Java to reach its full potential, I think it is absolutelly essential
that applets have the ability to securely and reliably store information
for long periods of time. In the long term, this means creating remote
applet accessible datahavens. But as a temporary hack, before clean code
supporting such services becomes available, very limited local file access
is cleary the way to go. This is an important _feature_ that will enable
some truly complex services as the class libraries matures, not a bug.

@_date: 1995-08-05 01:06:54
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: RSA has been proved correct 
Tim quoth:
Given the enormous difficulty of ensuring security in a world of
ubiquitous distributed computing, I'm as big a fan as any of formal
methods. But Tim's post hammers home the big fault of formal methods:
the possibility that people will come to rely upon them. I have
paranoid visions of people finally accepting formal methods in a decade
or so, and then becoming dependent on them... forgeting the enormous
potential for error that will always exist in such systems.
If somebody told me that intentionally letting a few violent criminals
free each year is a good idea because it would keep me on my toes, I
would think that person is an idiot. But I'm not entirely convinced that
it is a bad idea to avoid formal methods because they could breed

@_date: 1995-08-09 18:05:40
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: "S1" encryption system (was: this looked like it might be interesting) 
On a fair number of occassions I have been told that federal type folks
have made statements to the effect that there is no such thing as a "TOP
SECRET" classification of US government docs. Since really secret things
tend to get neither confirmed nor denied, I am inclined to believe this.
Thus SECRET is the top classification in today's government/military. If
anybody knows otherwise I would be interested in the information.

@_date: 1995-08-20 17:26:47
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Legality of suverting computational cycles via Microsoft 
Does anybody here know if it is illegal to get unwiting users to download
benign viruses via MSN?
Doesn't this sort of hole, by its very nature, make it trivial for people
to violate Europes future electronic privacy laws? (despite Microsoft's
guarantee that MSN would follow those rules.)

@_date: 1995-08-21 21:43:33
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: DES & RC4-48 Challenges 
The forms of differential cryptanalysis that I'm aware of require The
cracker to adaptively atack the encrypting or decrypting device. I
therefore do not believe that they are especially applicable to
financial transactions schemes, most of which change keys quite

@_date: 1995-12-03 03:48:06
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Cypher secure versus computationally unbounded adversary 
Hi all,
I've just come up with a method for implementing and encryption algorithm
that is absolutely secure from passive attacks by a computationally
unbounded adversary. Is this a new capability, or am I reinventing the
wheel here?
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1995-12-03 03:52:21
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Cypher secure versus computationally unbounded adversary 
What I meant to say, was that the encryption protocol is secure versus
a computationally unbounded passive adversary AND REQUIRES NO PRIOR
Sorry 'bout that,
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1995-12-05 08:51:33
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Secure versus ? 
Thanks to everybody who replied to my previous message. As most of you
suspected, it turned out to be possible to break the permutations I was
using. The reason why I have pursued this despite its non-intuitiveness
is that the following well known protocol also seems to have the same
property I claimed. Please tell me how a computationally unbounded
adversary could defeat the following: (without active attack against
which this immediatelly fails (i.e. it has to be combined with an
authentication algorithm)).
Please help me, this problem is totally driving me crazy!
A VARIATION OF SHAMIR'S THREE PASS PROTOCOL SAFE FROM PASSIVE ATTACK
BY A COMPUTATIONALLY UNBOUNDED ADVERSARY:
Alice wants to send Bob a message. She is going to send her message a
fraction of a bit of a time via the following protocol.
Before hand:
1. Enumerate all the primes from 256 to 511. Call them N.
2. For each prime, enumerate all the numbers less than it that are
   also relatively prime to N-1. Call these E.
3. Number each pair of E and N.
The algorithm can be divided into an inner loop and an outer loop. The
outer loop calls the inner loop.
Inner Loop:
Alice wants to use the inner loop to send bit b.
1. Alice randomly chooses seven bits of salt, and prepends b to them
   creating an 8 bit M
2. Alice randomly chooses an (Na,Ea) pair from the list of possibilities.
3. Alice calculates D such that E*D mod (N-1) equals 1
4. Bob randomly chooses an (Nb,Eb) pair from the list of possibilities.
5. Bob calculates D
6. Alice sends Bob the nine bit number (M^Ea) mod Na = C1
7. Bob sends Alice (C1^Eb) mod Nb = C2
8. Alice sends Bob (C2^Da) mod Na = C3
9. Bob calculates (C3^Db) mod Nb = M, the bit being the MSB.
The unbounded passive adversary calculates a probability (p) between 0.5
and one with which he/she can guess the bit. This is based on the facts
1. only a fraction of all pairs of Na and Ea will map C2 to C3,
2. only a fraction of all pairs of Nb and Eb will map C1 to C2,
3. only a fraction of all Na are high enough to produce C1.
With thousands of transform pairs, there are more bits of entropy in the
transform and salt selection, than there is information in the three messages.
Alice, Bob and Eve can thus know what p is.
Outer Loop:
1. Alice sends Bob an initialization vector using the inner loop.
2. Alice uses the inner loop to send Bob a series of bits.
   Each bit is either a random bit or the next bit of the message depending
   what the value of p for the previous inner loop was.
        would be the following:
           of the message and the previously sent bit.
           with the previous bit, and append it to the message.
PLEASE help me. I CAN'T find how this fails to be information-theoretically
secure, but I am convinced that it should not be possible to do this, and
I have been absolutely unproductive at anything since I first started
working on this.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1995-01-31 10:56:40
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: URGENT - MS hack of FFS 
Could somebody here please give me the reference for the full version of
Micali and Shamir's hack of the Fiat-Shamir family of authentication
schemes. I need it to make sure that what I've put in the class notes for
an IAP course I am teaching is correct. I have the short paper (An
improvement of the Fiat-Shamir Identification and Signature Scheme) from
Crypto '88 (I think), but I need the full version. If anybody here can get
me the reference before the libraries here close tonight, I'd really
appreciate it.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1995-07-28 08:03:54
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel (NewsClip) 
Based on the recently posted announcement, it is not at all clear that the
following is accurate:
Can somebody confirm or deny this? It makes a big difference. A few additional
ports won't significantly enhance Java's adoption as the standard for secure
interplatform network transport of executables. This has been a done deal
since Netscape announced that it was licensing and Sun committed to Mac and
Win95 ports.
On the other hand, a Java object brokerage service sponsored by OSF
including a few basic object support services could make a substantial
difference in the pace at which Java class libraries develop.

@_date: 1995-07-28 08:25:43
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
I disagree for the simple reason that Java and Hotjava are not being
treated as trusted code in their applications. Applets are tightly
contrained in what they can do, and hotjava's default attempt to
configure a "firewall" when it boots up is not likely to engender a false
sense of security.
I've been looking at the Java code closely for a couple of months now, and
I find it to be relatively clean in its implementation (Solaris version at
least). I think the biggest worry might be holes in the non-Sun ports along
the host machine interfaces. Overall, I give the Solaris implementation
extremelly high marks in terms of its security. I think I'm actually more
worried by far less powerful browsers whose code I don't approve of, like
Mosaic. The vast majority of security problems result from the fact that
most code has security added in AFTER coding starts. Java has been designed
for excellent security from the very begining.

@_date: 1995-07-28 09:16:00
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
Thus spake Perry:
What's with the facetious questions? Only an idiot would guarantee a piece
of software to be error free. I am highly confident that there is very
little probability of a raider applet doing significant damage. That's as
much as I can say of any of of any of the systems I use... and its saying
alot given that the thing is executing code it pulls off the net. Is there
still room for cleaner code? Definitely, and I think we'll see some of it
as Java goes Beta and then production.
I think that the high level architecture of Java provides as much security
as such a product can possibly provide. By the time Java becomes widely
distributed (it is still in Alpha3), I expect it to have features that deny
access to any applet not signed by somebody in a list the user creates, a
sort of web of trust. On top of this layer, Java already offers rudimentary
firewalls. The combination of these layers should be quite effective.
Of course, Netscape will probably find a way to screw their implementation
up :)

@_date: 1995-09-10 15:57:18
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: question about reputation 
A) There is a real cost (some combination of reputation and other capital)
   involved in attracting customers.
B) This is emphatically _not_ an "abuse" of reputation capital. Mallet will
   acquire a reputation based on the quality of the service he provides.
   Suppose that Bob also set up a service like Alice. Some people would
   go directly to Alice, some to Bob, and some to Mallet who chooses
   which ever of Alice and Bob offers the best deal for the customer.
   By choosing intelligently, Mallet could acquire a better reputation
   than either Alice or Bob. This would not be inaccurate. By using Mallet,
   (now a consulting services broker) the customers are geting a better deal.
   (i.e. MAX(A(x),B(x)) is greater than or equal to both A(x) and B(x)).

@_date: 1996-12-21 21:44:29
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: Running code on a machine you don't trust (was Re: Executing Encrypted Code) 
There are several algorithms I've seen that allow for blind execution
of arbitrary code and verification of correctness given the usual
cryptographic assumptions. Their problem is that they are absurdly
inefficient. But their existence suggests the possibility of efficient
algorithms (or at least a good paper deriving lower bounds on the
complexity of such algorithms).

@_date: 1996-12-29 18:38:06
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: New crypto regulations 
All media, all forms of expression are protected by the first amendment.
It's just that this protection is not absolute.
If the government wants to curtail freedom of speach it has to demonstrate
a compelling interest and further demonstrate that the means used are
narrowly tailored to achieve that compelling interest in the least
restricitve manner possible. Both have to be demonstrated to the courts'
satisfaction, a task quite different from (and, methinks, easier than)
demonstrating this to our own satisfaction.
These regulations explicitly say that you can transport printed information
including source code out of the country. No prior approval of any sort is
required. These regulations do not prohibit communication that requires
source code to be effective.
The government's claim is that in the interests of national security,
export of cryptography must be prevented. By limiting the policy's
applicability to media which are in, or can easily be converted to,
electronic form, the government has narrowly tailored this component
of the policy to prevent crytographic source code from appearing in
foreign computers without preventing the communication of that source code.
Jason W. Solinsky

@_date: 1996-12-30 15:33:32
@_author: solman at MIT.EDU 
@_subject: New crypto regulations 
It has been stated, if not here then elsewhere, that the government intends
to update the recently released policy by also prohibiting the printing of
source code in special OCR fonts. If true, this would corroborate my
assertion as to the reason for the government's explicity exemption of
printed media.
