
@_date: 1995-08-23 23:35:16
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Subject: ANNOUNCE: 2nd SSL challenge - we need your compute! 
I have a working version of BruteSSL 1.02 (without SKSP client) for
Power Macintosh. However, as I don't want to run the risk of violating
ITAR, I'm still investigating ways of making it available. Suggestions
are welcome.
Stephan Somogyi            Wer bremst hat Angst            Digital Media

@_date: 1995-11-05 15:10:38
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
Oh please.
The probable reason that the InterNIC doesn't know about the
132.222.0.0 networks is because they're in Europe. If you search for
either of the network numbers of the IP addresses mentioned above in
the RIPE database , you will find that they
belong to the EUnet backbone.
After pinging 134.222.9.1 successfully, I telnetted to it and it
claimed, quite plausibly, that it's a device (presumably a router) in
Amsterdam. I am currently unable to ping 134.222.35.2; this, however,
fills me with no dread whatsoever.
Stephan Somogyi               Senior Editor               Digital Media

@_date: 1995-10-21 15:43:18
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: digital cash and identity disclosure 
Expense of deployment for this type of scheme does not seem to be a
consideration for banks; they stand to make a ton of money as a result.
There are areas where banks will resist spending money on new hardware,
but smart-card stuff isn't one of them.
Adding hardware to a personal computer to read from and write to smart
cards will cost money, but the majority of bank customers will not be
interested in Internet-based transactions for quite some time. So while
the potential market of Internet consumer financial transactors seems
large, it is dwarfed by the sum total of bank customers who are likely
to wind up with some form of non-pilot smart card-based payment system
within the next 2 years.
I've been told that a PCMCIA card that reads smart cards would around
$30ish; I've not had the time to follow this claim up, so it could be
off by a bit. Assuming it's accurate, the price doesn't present a
significant hurdle to the typical PC-based consumer. And if there is
enough demand, I'm sure that smart card readers will find their way
into desktop and laptop machines over time. For example, Catapult's
XBAND modem for Genesis and SNES has an ISO smart-card reader/writer in
it; such a consumer device's manufacturing cost is sensitive to even a
few pennies, so it can't've cost much to put it in there.
I consider it much likelier that non-Internet specific payment systems
will adapt to the Net, instead of Net-specific payment schemes seeing
broad deployment. To clarify: I consider CyberCash and FV to be
Net-adaptations of conventional schemes, rather than brand new payment
There is a US law called the Bank Secrecy Act that defines the
responsibilities of banks with regard to audit trails, record keeping,
and disclosure of financial transaction information. After talking to
quite a few people both in the regulatory and business realms recently,
I am convinced that truly anonymous e-cash simply isn't going happen in
the US. And the US is going to have considerable influence on how
things go in the rest of the world; whether this is a good thing or not
is, unfortunately, an unrelated and purely philosophical debating
Based on my knowledge of the backing behind Mondex at this relatively
early stage in the game, I am inclined to agree with Michael.
Stephan Somogyi               Senior Editor               Digital Media

@_date: 1995-10-22 18:45:43
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Mondex vs. Digicash (was: Godzilla vs. Mothra) 
Agreed, especially since it's going to be a while until Mondex, NetBill
et al are accessible by consumers outside of the trial areas.
I wonder whether this DigiCash announcement will be a limited trial or
a full-blown deployment.
Mondex is definitely practicing security by obscurity. Tim Jones,
Mondex's CEO, was very cagey last week at the e-commerce conference
about how transaction mechanics and where various public and private
keys reside. I have serious questions about some aspects of Mondex's
Depends on the hardware. I recently saw a pamphlet for a mag-stripe +
smart card reader with a numeric keyboard for PIN entry that plugs into
a PC as a bump in the wire between the keyboard and the CPU. The
company is in Arizona; I can't recall the name offhand.
Adding smart card capability to a PC is not in the same league of user
hassle as a multimedia upgrade. It's also much cheaper.
The problem is with peer-to-peer transactions that don't go through a
bank. Mondex claims that such transactions are anonymous and unaudited.
What would stop someone from moving a 500 pound per-card maximum from
one card to the next and then back up into the system elsewhere? I'm
under the impression that Mondex's value isn't serialized the way
DigiCash's is, so you can't track the value itself. And if the cards
themselves keep no records of transactions made with peer devices,
tracking seems rather tricky.
The different schemes have enough overlap that it's not clear to me
that a single bank will want to support multiple as yet untried
systems. Admittedly, we haven't yet seen which bank is working with
DigiCash, but Mondex has some pretty heavy hitters behind it already.
Since DigiCash is Internet-focused and Mondex is a non-net-specific
system that can be adapted for use over the Net, it seems to me that a
bank adopting Mondex would get more out of its investment than if it
bought into DigiCash. Banks are going to get into some kind of e-cash
system sooner than later, and Mondex seems to be the farthest along.
Stephan Somogyi               Senior Editor               Digital Media

@_date: 1995-10-27 14:12:41
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: idle CPU markets 
It would be within the capability of smaller animation houses to render
a feature length computer-animated film at high quality without
significant capital equipment expenditure or excessive rental costs.
If the granularity of transaction is per-frame (not unreasonable for a
night's worth of cycles), the evil participant problem is avoidable
since each frame would have to be inspected by a person, and payment
for a correct frame approved by same, before it's integrated into the
Stephan Somogyi               Senior Editor               Digital Media

@_date: 1995-10-30 03:53:13
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Austin E-Commerce Conf -- BOF? 
If there are any other cypherpunks-readers attending the e-commerce
conference in Austin on Monday and Tuesday, it might be fun to get
together for an impromptu BOF either at lunchtime or later in the
Email me if there is interest.
Stephan Somogyi               Senior Editor               Digital Media

@_date: 1995-09-19 17:52:35
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Netscape on randseed issue 
Netscape has put up an official response to the randseed issue:
Most interesting to me was the para:
"Netscape has also begun to engage an external group of world-class
security experts who will review our solution to this problem before it
is sent to customers. These experts will validate Netscape's solution
and insure that it is complete and effective in solving this
vulnerability. The group will be used on an ongoing basis to work with
Netscape's internal security experts to review the design and
implementation of security in Netscape's products and to provide an
additional measure of assurance that these products implement the
highest levels of security possible."
Anyone know anything about this group, or is this a reference to the
RSADSI source review that Andrew Loewenstern mentioned earlier today?
Stephan Somogyi            Think Tank Grenadier            Digital Media

@_date: 1995-09-22 10:45:53
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: "Gnusaic"? Why not a Gnu-Style Web Browser? 
Has anyone already created the necessary patches for Apache
, or does anyone know whether the Apache dev
team would be amenable to including conditional directives to allow the
build of a secure version? If anyone is thinking of making the effort
to create a publicly available secure server, Apache's probably the
best source base to work with.
Stephan Somogyi            Think Tank Grenadier            Digital Media

@_date: 1995-09-29 12:34:44
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: STT is 40-bit for RC4, 56-bit for DES 
6.8 CRYPTOGRAPHY
A. Encryption
Two bulk encryption algorithms are used in STT - RC4 and DES.
1. STT uses RC4 encryption with 8-byte keys, of which 3 bytes are salt,
in the clear. See the RC4Key entry under the Low Level Composites
sub-section of this document. RC4 is a stream cipher; there are no pad
bytes and the encrypted data is the same size as the plaintext data.
2. STT uses the Cipher Block Chaining (CBC) mode of DES, as defined in
Federal Information Processing Standard FIPS 81. The key is 8 bytes
long, with each byte having a parity bit in position 0. Thus there are
56 bits of random key. STT uses an all-zero byte Initialization Vector
(IV). A maximum of 8 bytes of padding is applied to every plaintext
message encrypted with DES to pad the message to a length that is a
multiple of 8 bytes. Pad bytes have a value of
      x = 8 - ((length of the plaintext) mod 8)
and the number of pad bytes is also x. For example, if the plaintext
message was 17 bytes long, then each of the 7 bytes of padding contains
the value 0x07. If x is 0, then there are 8 bytes, each containing
0x08. Padding is appended to the end of the plaintext before encryption
and is stripped off after decryption.
B. Signatures
STT uses PKCS  Encryption block formatting for RSA signatures. Total
length is 128 bytes for the signature (1024-bit modulus). The following
is the plaintext:
    (BYTE[20] HashOfData)    ;Hash of the data being signed
    (BYTE 0)                 ;parser initializer
    (BYTE[105] 0xff)         ;padding
    (BYTE 0x01)              ;recom. for private key encryptions
    (BYTE 0))                ;overflow protection for RSA
C. Hashing
All hashes in STT are 20-byte SHA hashes. See Federal Information
Processing Standards FIPS 181 for the specification of SHA hashes.
Stephan Somogyi                Mr Gyroscope                Digital Media

@_date: 1996-02-03 08:43:41
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Looking for GSM A5 info 
I'm looking for information about the A5 encryption algorithm used in
GSM phones. Specifically:
- How does the algorithm work and is its encryption methodology similar
to any other well-known algorithms?
- Is A5's implementation mandatory to produce an world-wide
interoperable GSM device?
- What are the variants of A5 (there was some discussion of less secure
versions), how do they differ, and where are they used?
- Are there any known weaknesses in or attacks on A5-encrypted GSM
- Are there notable instances where GSM deployment was delayed or
halted due to A5? (I remember hearing that such a delay happened in
Australia, but I don't recall details.)
Any related information, or pointers to related information,
appreciated greatly.
Stephan Somogyi                Mr Gyroscope                Digital Media

@_date: 1996-06-06 17:07:27
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Java 
I'm not so sure. It seems to me that Sun's abrogation of responsibility
for the x86 reference implementation to Microsoft also handed over the
de facto ownership of Java until ANSI/ISO get their hands on it, by
which time it may be too late. (It also raises the question whether a
browser with a built-in Java VM, such as Netscape's, will use its own
VM or the Java VM present in the OS when a choice is available.)
There are an awful lot of x86 boxes out there and they carry a lot of
common-denominational weight. There's also little to stop Microsoft
from extending their Java implementation while remaining compliant with
the basic Java spec. The HTML wars seem to have quieted down
considerably in recent months, but I still recall the vigorous
extension-tag oneupmanship that went on between Microsoft and Netscape;
I see no reason that this couldn't also happen with Java.
ObCrypto: If Microsoft does wind up setting the de facto standard for
Java by virtue of owning the x86/Win32 VM, can it successfully force
the use of its particular APIs in Java applets by sheer weight of
installed base?
Stephan Somogyi                Mr Gyroscope                Digital Media

@_date: 1996-06-20 13:33:50
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: German Federal Bank opposes e-cash 
When I met with the head of payment systems for the German federal bank
late last year, he seemed pretty with it and knowledgable about the
relevant issues.
At the risk of providing redundant information, the Deutsche Bank is a
commercial bank that has nothing to do with the Deutsche Bundesbank,
which is the central bank.
Personally, I don't think too much should be read into the
announcement. It contains no fundamentally new information and is
simply a public articulation of on otherwise obvious state of affairs.
(Or did anyone really think that the central banks weren't paying close
attention to these goings on?)
Stephan Somogyi                Mr Gyroscope                Digital Media

@_date: 1996-05-07 17:25:43
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot? 
My web server was just hit by a machine that reverse-resolved to a
Japanese academic domain with an agent claiming to be "WhoWhere Robot";
this bot is not listed in the
 List of
Does anyone know whether this has any relationship to the
 people?
Stephan Somogyi                Mr Gyroscope                Digital Media

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:42:56
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: WhoWhere Robot strikes again 
I now have a WhoWhere Robot hitting one of my web servers from
orion.parsecweb.com and it is most assuredly not honoring the
robots.txt file regarding directories to exclude. I also just looked in
the bot registry again and the WhoWhere Robot remains unlisted.
Needless to say, I'm denying accesses from parsecweb.com from here onward.
Stephan Somogyi              Central Services              Digital Media

@_date: 1996-05-27 15:20:13
@_author: Stephan Somogyi 
@_subject: Software Fame and Fortune 
It can also be read on the Economist's own site at
Stephan Somogyi            Information Dispersal           Digital Media
