
@_date: 1998-04-08 20:40:48
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: CoE/AoD Notice! 
Date:             Wed, 08 Apr 1998 21:12:14 -0600
       From:             TruthMonger Organization:             "It's not FUD until *I* say it's FUD!"
         To:             bianca at dev.null
        CC:             cypherpunks at toad.com
Toto's computers were seized today by RCMP and Canadian Customs.
All communications with him, past, present and future, should be considered compromised.
Reroute the legal information, etc., that he requested Monday to
the sonofgomez address.
The good news is...he figured out where the 'yellow wire' goes...
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-04-08 23:35:00
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: I Broke PGP...sorry! 
Version: PGP for Business Security 5.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-04-09 00:38:24
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: LCO 
Version: PGP for Business Security 5.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-04-09 02:16:41
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: Thanks for the mammaries... 
First, I would like to express my appreciation for the
fact that every single subscriber to the cypherpunks
distributed mailing lists has chosen to participate in
the opening salvo (on April 19, 1998, 9:02 a.m.) of
the Digital Revolution.
  Unfortunately, I ratted you all out earlier today.
I'm sorry, but the Men In Really Dirty White threatened
to tell my mom, if I didn't confess. Although mom has been dead for quite some time, my knee-jerk programming
kicked in (pardon the pun).
  The good news is that I exposed Bill Gates as the
RingLeader of the highly illegal conspiracy of which
you are all a part, so at least you should have some
deep-pockets on your side when THEY (TM) kick in your door.
  I will be entering the Witless Projection Pogrom shortly,
so I suppose that there is no harm in revealing that my
original persona on the cypherpunks list, the one you
have all known me by for quite some time, is Blanc Weber.
  I'm sorry I've been deceiving you all with my various
Toto and TruthMonger personas, but during my volunteer
work at the Handle Institute, I was infected with Tourette Syndrome from a dirty needle (while *sewing*,
you cynical little cocksuckers!).
  I am also the one who has been sending the ASCII-art
spams to the list. Dimitri was completely innocent, and
you all should feel terrible about the way you treated
  I know that all of the list subscribers will carry on
with the TRIN plan on April 19th because they are truly
committed to the violent overthrow of all governments,
and not just because I made it with all of you under the
guise of my Lynne Harrison persona.
(Personal note to Human Gus-Peter: No, I'm not wearing
 any panties...)
  I feel particularly bad about ratting out our Philosopher
King, Tim C. May, since he was such a great help to me
under his Dale Thorn and John Young personas.
  I also ratted out Adam Back for his part in the murder of Princess Diana, but it backfired when he was
secretly Knighted hours later, by the Queen Mother (No!
not John Gilmore, you fucking idiots!)
  Anyway, before signing off, I would like to inform you
that my real opinion of all of you who responded to my
Toto and TruthMonger posts is about the same as the
opinion of Billy Crystal (when he was on 'Soap') in
regard to all of the fucking idiots who finally connected
to the ClueServer, slapped themselves on the forehead,
and said, "What am I doing? I'm arguing with a *dummy*!"
It's been real...
Love & XXXX's,
Blanc Weber
"I'm not an asshole, but I play one in real life."
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-04-16 18:25:12
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: eligable receiver 
From:         David Honig THE WASHINGTON TIMES
    Computer hackers could disable military; System compromised in     exercise
  So when can we expect to hear the first announcements of high-level military resignations over the disgraceful state that they have let
our national security fall into while wasting billions of dollars
of our money?
  Please zipfile the announcements forwarded to the list, so that
their massive volume does not swamp all of our email accounts.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1998-04-17 07:32:05
@_author: CJ Parker 
@_subject: Prologue 18 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Get Your Private, Free Email at Prologue 18 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS !!!
"Everything is becoming science fiction.
 From the margins of an almost invisible literature
 has sprung the intact reality of  the 20th century."
~ J.G. Ballard ~
Hidden Empire:
Peter Jennings, Canadian Circle of Eunuchs Journalist, recently pointed out, on 'World News Tonight,' that the "rewards" of "labor saving" modern technology seem to be mysteriously "missing."
Jennings pointed out that the normal American working family now has 'two' individuals working a '47-hour week.'
Interestingly, Jennings managed to work into the story an example of the $3 Billion that the US government has laying around to invest in digging vast expanses of underground tunnels, etc., in New Mexico, for the purported purpose of (unsuccessfully) seeking out a suitable place to deposit nuclear waste. (He made no direct reference to Underground Reptilian Nazis.)
In the same evening news program, the CoE initiate aired a report containing a subliminal InfoWar reminder to US citizens as to their true role in the government's scheme of things, with a parody of the primitive primary products of Peristroika-TAXES, TAX PROMOTION and TAX ENFORCEMENT.
It described the implementation of the new (to Russia) income tax system, and showed promotional advertisements on the Pavlovian Broadcasting System (PBS) meant to ingrain in the minds of the citizens the officially correct way to view their new friend, Mr. Tax.
"Depressed? Pay your taxes, and you'll feel better."
"No appetite? Pay your taxes, and you'll feel better."
And, for the benefit of those who still know a poisoned Carrot when they see one, Russian PBS also carries promotional advertisements that blatantly and unashamedly trumpet the dark, underlying theme of Tax Agencies around the world, and which American taxpayers can easily recognize from their own experience:
"THE TAX ENFORCERS HAVE GUNS, AND THEY KNOW HOW TO USE THEM."
(Accompanied by live footage of armed thugs in camouflage subduing and kicking the crap out of scumbag tax resisters.)
Isn't it funny how Life imitates Real Life (tm)?
Maybe It's Under The Bed:
So where, exactly, are the mountains of cash resulting from the much ballyhoo'ed Benefits of Modern Technology (tm)?
In an age where it takes two individuals, working harder and longer than the former solitary 'bread earner,' to struggle (and fail) to maintain the same standard of living and future security that existed at a time when the infrastructures around them were undergoing building and expansion, as opposed to their current fall into decay, where are the "missing" benefits of technology disappearing to?
Question: "Where did the 'money go' that was earned by the workers in the proverbial Company Town (tm)?"
Answer: "Where it *always* goes...into deep pockets of the Empire...in this case, the Company Empire and the pockets of the company owner."
Major Question: "Could it possibly be that the Benefits of Modern Technology are being surreptitiously slipped into the pockets of a Hidden Empire (tm), which serves as an invisible version of a Global Company Town?"
Major Answer: "Those who do not learn from the past, are doomed to repeat it..."
How I Would Build A Hidden Empire:  (by Human Gus-Peter)
  [Disclaimer: I am just a kid with an overactive imagination, but...]
   If I wanted to steal all of the financial benefits of modern technology, I would take advantage of all the things I learned subliminally by ignoring the official version of history that my teachers were promoting while concentrating my conscious attention on making my spitballs stick to the ceiling and impressing the cute girl sitting behind me.
   I would first have my secret agent guys become the bosses of the people who sell Geritol  and make fun of their husband's Cuban accent on TV.  I would have them begin selling The Way Things Are (tm) by controlling the entertainment and news that people got to see.
   People have always resigned themselves to TWTA.  It used to be Kings who held their attention with swords and Priests who held their attention with hellfire, but now it is TV that holds their attention with Pavlovian hypnosis.
   Next, I would have my secret guys begin putting the financial benefits of modern technology into the pockets of those who were a part of my Hidden Empire, since people can't miss what they never have.
   I would make sure that my people controlled the money supply and could let people mostly maintain their standard of living, even while raising their taxes and creating all sorts of BlackHoles for new money to disappear down, such as bloated Defense budgets and social programs where it could be funneled into the pockets of my Hidden Empire.
  When the taxes, regulatory fees, licensing fees, interest charges, users fees, and the mountain of other money sources I was able to make The Way Things Are had grown so large that people started recognizing the resemblance to Company Town, Indentured Slavery, and the like, then I would begin making things so that they would receive fewer services and less benefit for the same amount of work.
   I would do it slowly, so that more people working longer hours for slowly declining services and benefits would gradually and constantly become the new, improved Way Things Are.
   I would make sure that those making the laws and those engaged in business benefited greatly from supporting the aims and maintenance of my Hidden Empire, and suffered greatly if they opposed or resisted it in any way.
   I would use my power to control The Way Things Are to direct anger, resentment and resistance of the people toward the government and corporate symbols schills of my Hidden Empire, and keep them from revolting against The Way Things Are by giving them the illusion of being able to control and change The Way Things Are by voting and making consumer decisions.  I would let them rearrange the pawns on my playing board while keeping The Game (tm) moving at a confusing enough pace so that they would hardly notice that the major pieces on my board always remain the same, no matter how they vote, or what illusory decisions they make in their role as consumers.
  Most importantly, I would cement the hold of my Hidden Empire on their lives by not only controlling the information that was fed to the masses, but also gaining access and controlling all of the information that they fed to my shills, and to each other.
   I would cause them to receive a mark in their right hand, or their forehead, which would identify them when they worked, banked, got a drivers license, bought dog food with their discount card at the supermarket.
   I would put in place an extensive surveillance network that could monitor their movements when they ate at a fast food restaurant, used a long-distance cash card, rented a Ryder truck, parked near a federal building, traveled without a license plate on their vehicle. (And if they ordered a Kentucky Fried Chicken 'snack pak' for their final meal, I would make sure it was delivered with an 'extra leg.'-hee, hee)
  I would make certain that the minions of my Hidden Empire could intercept and monitor all forms of communication on a global basis, and provide me with the information I needed to make, break and manipulate every individual, group, company and government on the face of the earth.  I would call one part of this operation 'Echelon' and another part of it 'Octopuss.'
   Lastly, I would use my power to monitor and control all communications to increase the range and power of my Hidden Empire by keeping a sufficient number of people just comfortable and secure enough to express approval of The Way Things Are (tm) in polls designed to find out how much more I can steal from them for the coffers of my Hidden Empire (tm) without mounting a revolution.
   As long as my shills could use their power to sexually assault women in the highest of government offices, financially ruin corporations to steal their software, murder men, women, children and goat-herders at will, without the average person risking their comfort and security by attempting to make serious changes in The Way Things Are, then I would continue to have my shills slowly eat away all of their rights, freedoms and their liberty in every area of their life, all across the face of the earth, until I succeeded in creating a Global The Way Things Are that would finally become resigned to their subjugation that I would no longer have to hide my Empire, and could openly give it an official name.
   I kind of like "New World Order..."  Quit Being Silly:
[Note from the Editor: Believe it or not, Human Gus-Peter wrote the above without having read any of the following (and he's just a kid...):]
Actually, LBJ would have caused stagflation doing that "we owe it to
ourselves" stuff anyway, but it's a nice pipe dream. Nonetheless, money is
always much more important than "policy". In spite of the most bloodthirsty
actions of the most totalitarian statist -- say, the late Pol Pot -- it's
money that creates law, and not the other way around.
This presidency, more than any other in the history of this nation -- a
nation where political corruption has been celebrated as fine art --
understands this simple fact as a natural course of doing its lucretive
business. And the irony that the most socialist president in American
history is also the most attuned to income has never been lost on the people
he's trying to tax and regulate out of business.
However, Freidrich Hayek has been proven right once again where the Clintons
have been concerned, though it's hard to figure out sometimes if Billary are
outright totalitarians themselves or just Hayak's "useful idiots" in the
now-dead cause of socialism. Fortunately, like any good parasites, Billary
can't kill their host, as this latest "spinglage" on cryptography seems to
show. That need for a market "host" for socialism to suck blood from, in the
end, is what has saved our freedom again.
------- Forwarded Message
Want To See Something REALLY Scary?
[Editors Note: Unfortunately the following is NOT fiction.]
"When all you have is a gigantic schlong , everything looks like a citizen."
~ Human Gus-Peter ~
