
@_date: 2001-12-06 02:41:00
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: FREE Holiday Shopping 
Dear Richard:
Response to our recent FREE Holiday Shopping offer was so strong, we've decided to extend the offer AND make some great new products available. Order 3 or more to ensure delivery before Christmas.
DON'T PAY RETAIL! Get all your Holiday shopping done FREE!  For the next few days we will be giving away free products including Men's and Women's digital watches, Vivitar(R) cameras, tool kits, leather travel bags, and more!  FREE Digital Watches -- CLICK HERE  FREE Vivitar Camera -- CLICK HERE  FREE 41 Piece Tool Kit -- CLICK HERE  FREE Leather Travel Bag -- CLICK HERE  MORE GREAT PRODUCTS -- CLICK HERE  These products retail for $15-$60 in stores but they are yours for FREE. All we ask is that you help us cover the cost of shipping and handling. A single piece order may take up to eight weeks for delivery but ANY ORDER OF THREE OR MORE WILL BE RECEIVED IN 2 WEEKS -- BEFORE CHRISTMAS.
We only have 10,000 products available, so ORDER YOURS NOW!
Best wishes for the Holidays,
Your Friends at FreeSamples.com
Fun For The Taking
When you registered, you indicated you would like to receive information about special offers from our partners.  To avoid receiving future notifications of special offers, please login to  and go to the My Preferences page to update your preferences. This message was sent from a send-only email address; please do not reply to this email.

@_date: 2001-11-07 23:40:35
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: Samples 
PLAIN TEXT VERSION
Dear Richard :
Greetings from FreeSamples.com, where you choose the samples you want and have them shipped to you absolutely free!
We'd like to gather a bit of information which could help make more samples available to you. Please got to the following URL and answer the questions. It's that easy!
Your Friends at FreeSamples.com
Fun For The Taking! When you registered, you indicated you would like to receive information about special offers from our partners. To avoid receiving future notifications of special offers, please login to  and go to the My Preference page to update your preferences.
This message was sent from a send only email address, please do not reply to this email.

@_date: 2001-11-09 03:45:51
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: Experience these just-for-Mom rewards! 
Rewarding And Celebrating Moms
  |
Dear Richard,
You can holiday shop till you drop and drain your wallet dry. Or you can enter ClubMom's "Tons of Toys for the Holidays" sweepstakes* for the chance to win a $1,000 KB Toys shopping spree and the help of a personal toy shopper. Entering is easy: Answer the one-question, daily poll about holiday shopping on ClubMom.com. And enter once a day, every day to maximize your chances of winning.
Join ClubMom now to enter the Tons of Toys for the Holidays sweepstakes, plus get all the other rewards and benefits just for Moms--expert advice, special offers, helpful checklists, and Mom message boards.
Visit  to enter the sweepstakes.
ClubMom Advocate
* No purchase necessary. Must be U.S. resident 18 years of age or older. Sweepstakes ends 11:59 pm E.S.T. on 11/26/01. Void where prohibited. Visit  for Official Rules.
Join ClubMom and enter the Tons of Toys for the Holidays Sweepstakes visit  When you registered, you indicated you would like to receive information about
special offers from our partners. To avoid receiving future notifications of special offers, please login to  and go to the
My Preference page to update your preferences. Please note: this message was sent from a send only mailbox, please do not reply to this message.

@_date: 2001-11-19 18:13:50
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: Richard, Win a fabulous trip to Maui and get FREE REWARDS! 
Please cut and paste this entire URL into a web browser:

@_date: 2001-10-18 01:19:26
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: Richard, get your FREE American Flag from USA Today 
The Nation's Newspaper
USA TODAY
No. 1 IN THE USA
GET A 3 x 5 FOOT AMERICAN FLAG - FREE WITH YOUR SUBSCRIPTION
TO USA TODAY!
You can't miss this special offer...
The NATION'S  NEWSPAPER will arrive at your home or office
every weekday, brimming with the latest News, Money, Sports,
Life, and more. Let us unfold for you in a clear, concise,
unbiased way, the events of the day. It's never been more
important to be current.
Stores across the country are selling out of U.S. flags these
days. But now you can get a FREE, full-sized flag just for
subscribing to USA TODAY for 13, 26, or 52 weeks.
All for AS LITTLE AS 46 cents PER ISSUE.
PLUS, you'll get a FREE 3 x 5 foot American flag to fly proudly.
Makes a great gift, too!
SUBSCRIBE TO USA TODAY... and claim YOUR American flag. Flag
supplies are limited, so act now!
Local sales tax, when applicable, will be added to your order.
Subscription length will be adjusted accordingly. Carrier
delivery not available in certain areas. Offer void outside
Continental USA. Your USA TODAY subscription will start within
one week. Please allow up to four weeks for delivery of flag.
For further information call 1-800-USA-0001.
When you registered, you indicated you would like to receive information about special offers from our partners.  To avoid receiving future notifications of special offers, please login to  and go to the My Preference page to update your preferences.

@_date: 2001-09-25 13:59:29
@_author: specialoffers at freesamples.com 
@_subject: Richard, Get Your Audio Cassette Player plus 4 Audio Books for a Penny! 
Dear Richard,
Don't have time to read anymore? FreeSamples.com and Audio Book Club have the perfect solution. Get up to $120 worth of audio books plus a FREE cassette player for only 1 cent.
Simply click on the link below and choose any 4 audio books you want. That is a value up to $120 for only a penny (plus shipping and handling).  If you join today you'll also receive a FREE audio cassette player (retail value of $19.95).
     Click Here To Join: *** If the link is not clickable in your e-mail program, cut and paste the entire link into your browser window.
This offer is risk-free. Choose from the latest bestsellers, engaging biographies, self-help and motivational titles or the best mysteries available - the choice is yours. You have nothing to lose. You'll have 10 full days to review your enrollment selections. If you are not completely satisfied, return them and owe nothing. No questions asked.  Sincerely, Your Friends at FreeSamples.com and Audio Book Club
When you registered, you indicated you would like to receive information about special offers from our partners.  To avoid receiving future notifications of special offers, please login to:
       and go to the My Preference page to update your preferences.
