
@_date: 2001-08-12 12:57:19
@_author: David<spoon@soupstone.com> 
@_subject: Are Your Breasts To Small? Do You Get PMS? Distributors Wanted for this 4 Tier MLM .... Lets Play Wanna Be a Millionare By Your Own Hand 
See the bottom of this e-mail if you wish to be a distributor
Natural Breast Enlargement Can Happen for You.... IT'S TRUE, tens of thousands of women now have experienced an increase of 1-2 cup sizes and 1-4 inches to their bustline using BUST PLUS all natural breast enhancement herbal suppliments!
BUST PLUS is a safe, natural and effective method to increase your bust line and decrease PMS and menstrual symptoms. It was developed by the world famous herbalist Angela Harris. What is BUST PLUS?
BUST PLUS is a unique, all-natural formula containing a proprietary combination of 9 herbs traditionally used for natural female hormone balancing and promotion of breast size and firmness. Bust Plus is recognized for its results of larger and fuller breasts for the women who use it.
Does BUST PLUS Really Work?
Yes, BUST PLUS really does work. After two years of studies and thousands of testimonials, we can very confidently say "YES" the product does indeed How long does it take to see results?
Studies indicate that 50% of women see growth in the first month, 72% in two months, and over 80% of women noticed breast growth after three months of use.
Oh yeah and my favorite tale. an end to PMS!!!
My name is David Fuchs and let me recount my PMS tale. My girl friend is the sweetest person on the planet. Except for 2-4 days a month when she has PMS and then she becomes a different person. I have the scars to prove it. Her specialty when she has PMS is throwing things at me, books, plates, glasses, etc. Five months ago I did some research on the internet and found BUST PLUS. After the first month there was a small change. I didnt get hit by any flying objects. After the second month she was a little grumpy with PMS but nothing like before. After the third month I didnt even notice that she had PMS. I cant believe The difference. The forth month she chased me around my apartment throwing stuff at me again ... her bra's... you see she made me pay for the 2 cup size increase she achieved while using BUST PLUS. This Message Was Forwarded To You By the tell a friend server, by NO NAME ENTERED at If you wish to be removed from 800+ bulk e-mailers and bulk email suppliers reply to
Remove at soupstone.com with remove in the subject line
If you would like to become a supplier of BUST PLUS Please email  mlm at soupstone.com . This is a 4 tier Multi Level Marketing
Company that gives you a percentage of the sales from the people you
bring in below you. This requires no purchases. 20% of the 2,500,000
millionares on the planet are result of multi level marketing. This is a ground floor opportunity. If you have a high traffic site and want to make large sums of money all that is required is a single small (85k) banner for sales and to find suppliers. We will be adding a new product
every 2-6 weeks. If you would like to sell BUST PLUS in real life, we offer a free 200 page course on sales and marketing techniques and low cost advertising. All the items David Fuchs and Company marketi are self imporvement product. Diet, Bust enlargement,
