
@_date: 1996-04-17 15:06:31
@_author: ssalgaller at CCGATE.HAC.COM 
@_subject: What's the "Human Interaction Institute" at CMU For ??? 
Dear Concerned Citizens,
          Re: Subject, what is Dan Olsen going to be in charge of at
          CMU ? (ref: CDA debate; expert witness for the CDA)
          The title could refer to net censorship, or to bio-medical
          implantation of control computers inside human brains.
          So which is it ?
          Or is this not an exclusive or answer ?
          Stephen S.
          salgaller at ccgate.hac.com
          or try:
          salgaller at aol.com
          PS: If anyone can tell me the name of the 1965 movie
          starring Michael Renee that dealt with the above two issues,
          please tell me.
          If you were not aware, the movie dealt with a plan,
          initially, to link all humanity directly to each other. One
          could "download" data directly into your brain ! You could
          also have "mental telepathy" and communicate with others.
          Michael Renee's character escapes to the past to try to end
          research done by a scientist, that lead up to the inevitable
          a totalitarian world government takes control of everyone;
          even your thoughts are no longer private.
          You get the idea. This was also done as part of the movie
          "Terminator 2"; I wonder if the writer of the 1965 movie got
          any screen credit or royalties for T2 ???
          I'm worrying too much, right ? It can't happen here ???
          Tim Mc Veigh said he had a bio chip implant. Nah...

@_date: 1996-04-17 18:19:51
@_author: ssalgaller at CCGATE.HAC.COM 
@_subject: What's the "Human Interaction Institute" at CMU For ??? 
Dear Concerned Citizen,
          Am I the only one worrying about the use of technology to
          implement a "New World Order" ???
          If not, where else can I post this message ???
          Yes, AOL has a movie trivia board, but I'm serious !
          A similar concern could be made about biotechnology: with
          gene splicing, it would be possible to create a race of "sub
          humans" to do slave labor and fight wars.
          This has been done in several Sci-Fi movies, but it's not
          going to stay fiction much longer.
          Stephen S.
          PS: Shouldn't these be the questions that CMU worries about?
              Which is worse, genetic slavery or "dirty duck" photos ?

@_date: 1996-04-18 10:53:09
@_author: ssalgaller at CCGATE.HAC.COM 
@_subject: Oklahoma City - One Year Later - The Coverup Continues ! 
Suggested Reading:
     Oklahoma City - The Suppressed Truth      By Jon Rappoport
     Blue Ocean Press
     2633 Lincoln Blvd., Suite      Santa Monica, CA 90405
     (213) 243-9005
     copyright 1995
     $12 (post paid)
     At 9:02 AM on April 19, 1995, the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma      City
     was damaged in an explosion that also left 168 dead and 600 injured.      If you
     look closer at this case, as investigative reporter Jon Rappoport has,      you
     start asking some questions about the "official' story:
     The damage was supposedly caused when thousands of pounds of a fuel      oil and
     fertilizer mixture was ignited in a truck parked near the building.      Talk
     about "oil and water never mixing". This mixture would have to be      either
     stirred or mixed just before use. It would also have to be detonated      without
     any air spaces, such as the gaps between the fuel drums, in order to      work.
     Even if the mixture detonated, it should leave traces of oil. none was      found.
     Even if it detonated perfectly, the explosion was 3 times too weak to      damage
     the building's reinforced concrete support columns.
     Especially column "B3". This column was sheared off at the 3rd floor      level.
     Only a shaped charge placed directly on the column at that level would      be
     able to cause this to happen. That section of the column was cut out      and
     removed as evidence. Will we ever see it again at the trial ?
     Local seismometers noted *two* explosions, 10 seconds apart. This was      "explained away" as reflections of the explosion by underlying rock      strata.
     Ask a geologist if this sort of time delay has ever been observed      before you
     decide if someone is "underlying".
     What ever happened to "John Doe  seen with Tim Mc Veigh that      morning ?
     What happened to John Doe's  and  seen leaving the area soon      after the
     explosion?
     Speaking of Tim, why (if the official story is true) did he advise the      officer who stopped him that he had a concealed weapon ? Supposedly,      he just
     killed 168 people, including 19 children. What's one more if it means      he
     could get away ?
     And what about Terry Nichols ?
     He was advocating killing Federal employees at a public meeting in      Estes, CO
     a year before the bombing. The FBI is very efficient, yet no one seems      to
     have paid any attention to Terry to prevent loss of life.
     What about the reported financial links to the bombing, not from right      wing
     causes, but from the Brittish Government ?
     Finally, what happens if and when the truth comes out in open court at      Tim
     and Terry's trial ? One could guess that the real suppressed story      will be
     one more casualty of the bombing.
     Unless we demand that someone explains column "B3".
     It *can* happen here - and it *did* a year ago !
     Book "review" by
     Stephen S.
     salgaller at aol.com
