
@_date: 1998-07-08 02:05:26
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: New Page! 
I made another page, which details what Capital records did to Dark Side of
the Moon when they reissued on cd.  Guess what they covered-up.  :-)  Check it
The Desecration of 'The Dark Side of the Moon'

@_date: 1998-07-08 13:44:29
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: A Mirror - 'Don't be blue if you should be green' 
Sorry, that server that address I gave you on earlier seems to be all locked
up, so I created a mirror, check it out,
The Desecration of 'The Dark Side of the Moon'

@_date: 1998-07-11 23:21:47
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: A Note to 'Nobody' 
Hey 'Nobody' (tcmay at got.net (Tim May)), you may as well stop sending me all
your junk mail.  Since you've resorted to attempting to get me kicked off of
AOL for responding to individual pieces of it (Cypherpunks, that's a lie.  He
did that attempt in an attempt to get my website kicked off of AOL), I'm
simply deleting everything that comes in from all the anon. remailing services
without reading it.
If you don't have enough guts to put a return address on your mail, obviously,
you aren't worth reading.
Stan and the Sequencers

@_date: 1998-07-12 04:26:15
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: A Note to 'Nobody' 
In a message dated 7/12/98 2:33:18 AM Central Daylight Time, tcmay at got.net
<< ... Further proof that AOL is the dumping ground for the incompetent. >>
And Tim expects AOL to listen to his complaint with that at the end of it?

@_date: 1998-07-17 16:44:08
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Politicians... 
In a message dated 7/17/98 5:48:16 PM Central Daylight Time,
jf_avon at citenet.net quotes:
<< >Politicians and diapers should be changed regularly. and for the same
reasons! >>
It's the easy way out (and I mean DOWN and OUT)!  I mean, if we're simply
going to change them out everytime, why bother to figure out which ones aren't
evil/stupid (I mean, out of all those politicians, there's got to be 1 or 2!
I think. ;-) )?
See, if we just simply change politicians at every chance, then we throw the
baby out with the bathwater, so to speak.  The simple solutions aren't always
the best ones.

@_date: 1998-07-17 23:48:18
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Live At The CypherMore - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
This is an interesting, coincidence?  ;-)
In a message dated 7/18/98 12:58:15 AM Central Daylight Time,
<< The Author, for the first time realizing the dire warning
 hidden in ZZ Top's classic musical offering, 'Cheap Sun
 Glasses,' ... >> << ... Worried about the fact that some egoistical, elitist
 fuckwad might, at some point in the future, try to
 claim credit for the Author's discovery of MultiMedia,
 HeOrShe set Stanley's WayBack Machine to a point which
 corresponded to the exact Time-Space-Mind equivalent
 of the Nadir Point between alpha and omega, and could
 distinctly hear Tim C. May  hollering,
 "I'm going to write about MultiMedia in the CypherPunks
 archives on the first day the list exists, and you will
 *never* get credit for the concept." >>
ROFLOL!  What's coincidental?  The latest tune that my band, Nobody's Business
(in which I play bass and sing) has learned, is Cheap Sunglasses by ZZ Top.
If it ain't coinicidence, I got a 'scarecrow' in my band.
Someone tell me if it's good or bad to be in the 'Space Aliens Hide My Drugs'
series.  ;-)
Nobody's Business

@_date: 1998-07-18 02:56:16
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: There ARE NO Coincidences... 
In a message dated 7/18/98 3:56:56 AM Central Daylight Time,
<< It's no coincidence, Stan...we've been keeping an eye on you. >>
That's why I suggest listening to I Robot by Alan Parson's Project.

@_date: 1998-07-25 00:42:12
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: W.A.Y. 
In a message dated 7/24/98 10:12:55 AM Central Daylight Time,
<< > WHY CANT I FIND ANY WHITE AMERICAN YOUTH ALBUMS ANYWHERE?    >  >  Reason 1:  You're from AOL
 Reason 2:  You don't know where the caps lock key is
 Reason 3:  You're looking on the cypherpunks list for music.
 Reason 4:  You're from AOL >>
Tee, hee hee.
I didn't find it on Cypherpunks (I didn't even check Cypherpunks for it :-) ),
it's from some media article.  It described a incident that happened when
someone complained about someone elses loud music -
<< Patrol officers had  to bang on Joseph W. Wedemeyer's door for about  15 minutes before getting his attention, Capt. Robert  Linardi said. They charged him with disorderly conduct.
 The next afternoon, Linardi said, Wedemeyer confronted  his neighbor on the street. Linardi said Wedemeyer,  who is white, called the neighbor, who is black, a  racial epithet and said, "I'm going to kill you." ... >>
That's the kind of music you're talking about, 'right'?
I heard they were after Tom('s) DeLay(ed Resignation), but they missed.
Direct hits to his brains and his heart, though!  ;-)

@_date: 1998-07-25 17:42:22
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: my thoughts for this list 
In a message dated 7/25/98 6:45:41 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< I have been getting this list for a few days. I subscribed to this list in
 the hopes I could learn something about crypto, in particular the GPG
 project.  So far I have seen pretty much nothing about crypto or anything a
 person who is not high or crazy could understand. >>
Both help to make a hacker, from what I understand. :-)
<< This list is so messed up
 its hillarious.  I didn't want to add to the string of useless messages, but
 it doesn't look like anyone cares anyway.  I will be monitoring the list for
 any signs of intelligent conversation. >>
It may be because there are certain hackers getting inbetween those that want
to actually say something, and the list.  Fact is, I just unsubscribed from
this list, but my e-mail apparently didn't make it to the server.
Must be because I'm on AOL, 'right'?  ;-)
The MOST Important Page on the Net -

@_date: 1998-06-01 12:09:06
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Nobody comes up with a great point! 
Unfortunately, he didn't seem to want to share it with the Cypherpunks.
Nobody - << >> Of course, I do admit, that I do speak from a left POV.
Which one? >>
<< There are so many left POVs! >>
Correctamundo!  We aren't a bunch of brain-washed DittoHeads like the right
is.  :-)

@_date: 1998-06-01 21:19:17
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: I need a compiler! 
In a message dated 6/1/98 7:11:19 PM Central Daylight Time, J-
<< (1 4 Evil)> Ya, sure...Sarcasm...You laugh at me but dude...William is to
busy with
 > Netscape trying to dick him up the ass for me to call him again...
 ok hippy... >>
Hey, I didn't say that!  Why are you talking to me?

@_date: 1998-06-01 21:25:13
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
In a message dated 6/1/98 10:38:20 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< > Auto-Launch attached binaries in E-Mail <-- Can we say GoodTimes?
 Can anyone confirm that this has indeed been fixed yet? >>
It was my understanding, that the so-called GoodTimes virus was a farce,
apparently aimed at specific commercial spammers.

@_date: 1998-06-04 23:23:39
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: NEWS - NRA Charles Heston speech 
McVeigh is alot better than Heston (at lying-type propaganda.  I couldn't even
call McVeigh's "lying-type."  It was filled with MUCH more fact than Heston's
The glaring over-all problem I see with his speech, is his hypocracy when it
comes to the 1st amendment (yea, I know he *claimed* to be a 1st amendments
rights supporter, BUT his actions (the rest of the speech) counters that
Here's why they want to remove our freedom of speech.  It's because - dig this
Cypherpunks - 'The pen is mightier than the sword.'  If they take away our
ability to speak, and they keep their silly guns, guess what.  Then they have
the more powerful weapon.  And dig this - yes it IS that simple.

@_date: 1998-06-05 21:46:38
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Nobody on Video ;-) 
It appears the Cypherpunks have infiltrated the FBI and have installed a
survailence camera on one of the agents investigating the Cypherpunks. ;-)
Here's one of them FBI agents tryin' to track you guys down ;-) , check this
out -
4.5 meg (but worth every byte)
'Amazing!  How can you tell the dancer from the dance' (Brave Combo - The
Visit 'What's A Meta U (and What's It 2U)
(Cypherpunks, the Brave Combo's latest studio release ('Group Dance Epidemic -
Fun .... and Functional!' - Rounder Records) is themed on my war with the
Bucketheads that led me to this list.  The cover picture depicts the
Bucketheads (a group of people pretending to be having a good time.)  It was
the leader of the Bucketheads that subscribed me to this list (I'm VERY sure).
The song, 'The Jeffrey', in particular, is all about the 'flame' (as 'they'
call it) war, and based much on some of my posts.  The list is now un-
moderated, and in the control of free persons.  Check out that cd.)

@_date: 1998-06-06 16:40:23
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: FBI Video 
Bill had a correction for me (Thanks Bill!).  That cypherpunks survailance
video is only 416k (I've got .MP3 sizes on my mind, sorry)
Download it if you haven't seen it -

@_date: 1998-06-08 01:45:20
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Amway and Brave Combo Evidence Update 
On that page I point to with the X-tian fish discussion, I linked the
"moderator nazi" with the right-wing because of his use of this symbol "&" to
replace the "And" in "Andy".  I have come to learn, it's got 2 meanings.  It
looks like the symbol for the "Know-nothing" movement is - "K & N".  Of
course, to know the significance of that, you have to know something about the
"Know-nothing" movement.  I think anyone that's ever observed many of the
lists around, will see some remarkable similarities.  Check this out -
Know-nothing (1827) 1 a : IGNORAMUS b: AGNOSTIC 2 cap K & N : a member of a
19th century secret American political organization hostile to the political
influence of recent immigrants and Roman Catholics
Know-nothingism (1854) 1 cap K & N : the principles and policies of the Know-
Nothings 2 : the condition of knowing nothing or desiring to know nothing or
the conviction that nothing can be known with certainty esp. in religion or
morality 3 often cap K & N : a mid-twentieth century political attitude
characterized by anti=intellectualism, exaggerated patriotism, and fear of
foreign subversive influences
Merriam-Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, 10th edition
'Know-Nothing' Movement
U.S. political movement in the mid-19th cent. The increased immigration of the
1840s had resulted in concentrations of Roman Catholic immigrants in the
Eastern cities. The Democrats welcomed them, but local nativist societies were
formed to combat "foreign" influences and uphold the "American" view. The
American Republican party, formed (1843) in New York, spread to neighboring
states as the Native American party and became a national party in 1845. Many
secret orders sprang up, and when outsiders made inquiries of supposed
members, they were met with a statement that the person knew nothing; hence
members were called Know-Nothings. The Know-Nothings sought to elect only
native Americans to office and to require 25 years of residence for
citizenship. Allied with a faction of the WHIG PARTY, they almost captured New
York in the 1854 election and swept the polls in Massachusetts and Delaware.
In 1855 they adopted the name American party and dropped much of their
secrecy. The issue of slavery, however, split the party, and many antislavery
members joined the new REPUBLICAN PARTY. Millard FILLMORE, the American
party's presidential candidate in 1856, won only Maryland, and the party's
national strength was broken.
The Concise Columbia Encyclopedia is licensed from Columbia University Press.
Copyright � 1995 by Columbia University Press. All rights reserved.
Cypherpunks, these are the bastards that have control of congress.  If you are
serious about freedom, you must go out and register to vote, and you must vote
the real punks (Christian Coalition types (the CC is simply a front for the
Know-nothing movement, and I'll bet you now believe me. ;-) )) out of power.
They are the bastards that are controlling speech (and thought, IMHO) on that
Camelogue list (the Humpheads).  AND they were doing the same thing on that
Brave Combo list (The Bucketheads gang that I seem to have incapacitated.
Hey, can I say that I saved the Brave Combo?  ;-) )
And the evidence is on Brave Combo cds.  Not only the one that I'm on, but now
that I've gone in looking at it from this angle, I see they've been
documenting the invasion of the Bucketheads for 10 years.
It starts with Humansville with the cover showing a "the" 'beast', IMHO
raising it's ugly head out of the water.  Also on that one, is a song called
"Move" which starts with a message that was left on Jeffrey Barnes answering
machine one night, that threatened him to turn down his music.  There was no
music being played in his house that night.  They were trying to tell him to
censor the Brave Combo.  I haven't had a chance to search that album for other
stuff yet.  Those were the obvious things.
The theme continues for the next 4 Brave Combo (only (they were doing
collabarations also during this period)) studio releases.  Since yous guys are
Cypherpunks, I'm not gonna give you that many more clues (for right now, there
are some songs patterned after certain specific Bucketheads that you probably
won't get the connection, but if you think of various folk you've met on the
net, I'll bet you find some remarkable similarities in the
lyrics/titling/liner notes)
So, it continues on to the next ones (and in this order) -
Night On Earth
No No No-Cha Cha Cha
Polkas For A Gloomy World (BTW: Grammy nominated, lost (probably due to the
Know-nothings.  Study this one's liner notes VERY carefully (and Mystery Spot
Polka lyrics for sure))
And up to the one I'm on - 'Group Dance Epidemic - Fun ...... and Functional!'
Those are all excellent cds, but if you don't want to spend the money, all of
the lyrics are on the Discography page (
at the official website (which the Bucketheads still seem to have some control
of.  How do I know?  Guess which lyrics they DON'T have there.  The Jeffrey.
(and other reasons) I forced them to put the Mystery Spot Polka's lyrics up
there when I attempted to discuss it on the list (and I was censored.)  They
had to try to show that it wasn't being censored.)
So, I'll post my interpretation of The Jeffrey because of that -
The Jeffrey
(Barnes, Cripps, Finch, Hernandez - Wise Monkey Music)
(Jeffrey (spoken)) I am the master of my own universe
And I dance just as good as I want to
I am a genius because I want to be
I have created a dance in my own image
Look at me!
I have written a song and dance just like me, I expect all BRAVE Combo fans to
look for it's meaning!  I'm not happy!  (see insert photo of the Part 1 (The)
(backup) One, two, three, four
I want you to analyze my song and dance line-by-line.
Nothing ((backup) Nada)
I'm waiting.  I've been waiting.
Wow!  Someone came along and analyzed my song, and (pretty much) nailed it!
How can you tell the dancer from the dance.
That is what is revealed by careful analysis of my song - how YOU can know
about certain-type of people that "lurk (dictionary definition)" the Brave
Combo list
(girl) moans - Oh, Oh, Oh Oh Jeff, your dance is devine
I like your song, Jeff (SERIOUSLY!  :-) (I really mean this, Combo fans! ;-)
Teach me to dance Jeffrey
I want to learn how to tell the difference between reality and perception of
Move my body with your hands
Dazzle me with how simple it all is
How should I move my hips?
How can I learn how to do that?
(Jeffrey) Your hips will take care of themselves.
Jeffrey's answer - Join FreeGroup
( and/or Visit What's A Meta
U (
(backup (sung)) Your hips will take care of themselves
Hippies will take care of themselves
(Jeffrey) 'Hip'ssssssss
Yes, he's the creator of his song and dance.  The song describes a dance
created by man, the "Know-nothing" movement (otherwise known around here as
the "Chicken" Coalition).  The dance is, well, I've already given you a hint
as to where that is, Cypherpunks!
Resume the active things!
Get off of your butts and stop being politically apathetic.  NOW!  Take these
guys out of power (they're preventing you from expressing yourself, and
they're trying with all their might to prevent Jeffrey (Carl, etc.) from
expressing himself)
(backup (sung)) Hips will take care of themselves
I am the master of my own universe
And I dance just as good as I want to
I am a (UNDISPUTED) genius, because I used my own free will to decide to play
the 'United Snakes ... '  ;-) in the BRAVE Combo (he plays 2 saxaphones at the
same time.  In harmony)
I have created a dance in my own image
My song and dance is just like me.
LOOK AT ME!
He's Mad!  Only one Combo fan knowing the true meaning of his song and dance
is NOT good enough for a genius!  Analyze his song and dance.  He's waiting.
A review of recent history reveals that Brave Combo fans that truly 'get'
their music are HIGHLY rewarded.
(liner notes)
The band once discovered Jeffrey Barnes doing this dance all by himself in a
corner.  He denies all responsibility, as his conscious mind was elsewhere at
the time.
Part I
All dancers get on dance floor
(with great enthusiasm)
1.  Do nothing.
2.  Stand with your arms folded across your chest.
3.  Shift your weight from one leg to another
4.  Exhibit all symptoms of extreme boredom.
When this becomes unbearable, move on to Part II.
Part I represents 'closed-mindedness'/censorship/Bucketheads
Part II
1.  Put fist out with thumbs up.
2.  Attach your thumbs to turntables in your mind.
3.  Rotate your thumbs clockwise.
Check out the right
4.  Rotate your thumbs counter-clockwise.
Check out the left
5.  Your hips will want to wiggle, let them.
But Hippies will want to investigate things other than just left and right,
you better let them.  :-)
When this becomes unbearable, return to Part I.
Part II represents "open-mindedness"/freedom/Stan
Repeat Part I and Part II until you wish to stop.
So you Bucketheads can do your 'dance' for as long as you want, but while
you're doing that, us Hippies will take care of ourselves.
Various lines in there refer to various posts that I posted during that so-
called "flame" war.  If anyone wants to see a few of those, let me know.
"I want you to know", that compared to breaking the Buckethead gang, getting
on that cd meant very little to me, except, that it was designed as a tool for
me to use against the Know-nothings.
I think I'll go post that over on the Brave Combo list.  'Tis a shame that my
only audience, is the Bucketheads (and the Camelogue moderator nazi is lurking
(dictionary definition) the list.).  The Bucketheads ran everyone who wouldn't
"drink" with them off.
Guess what, Cypherpunks.  I'm betting that 95% of the music (probably other
forums as well (Republicans For All Americans is one I know about for sure))
lists (and websites) are in control of the "Know-nothings."  We have got to
get those kooks out of power, or it will be too late.
It's VERY possible that your favorite musicians are trying to send secret
messages out to thier fans through their music/lyrics and cover art, personal
notes, etc., on this very same subject matter.  Look for these clues to find
out if your favorite bands lists/websites have the same "pesky" problem.  They
can't tell you outright because they got Know-nothing goons watching 'em.
"That's all we know."
Serious shit, Sherlock(s)!

@_date: 1998-06-08 16:01:42
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Campaign Against Global War on Drugs 
In a message dated 6/8/98 5:34:38 PM Central Daylight Time, hedges at infonex.com
<< And Marijuana remains California's number one cash crop as long as it is
 illegal... documented way back when by Dukmejian's (sp) agriculture
 secretary, whom he fired after the report. The cops cite you, confiscate it
 and smoke it, and everyone's happy because they're all making $480 per
 ounce from the end consumer on this crazy gene-engineered greenbud
 designed, catalogued, and bred by the University of California biology
 departments (esp. Santa Cruz). If it were legal, tobacco shops would stock
 joints for a tenth the price... they need new markets with the stricter
 tobacco legislation; maybe there's a lobby. I watched Dennis Peron battle
 it out with some meat-fisted guy from the Sherrifs' orgs in Congress. The
 cop went on about how
 "if we decriminalize marijuana, marijuana would no longer be illegal" >>
It's illegal because of 1 reason.  The "Know-nothings" have control of the
illegal market.  It's how they invade the bands.  They create a dry spell, and
then they come around offering free/cheap smoke, gain the trust of the band,
and then they say - 'Say, could I create a little official webpage for you?
You need to be on the net anyway (the big lie).  I'll take care of it all for

@_date: 1998-06-10 03:54:22
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Moderator Nazi Update! 
Cypherpunks, I may've found a 3rd picture of my "Moderator Nazi".
I have it posted here with the others at -
I'd like expert opinion from the Cypherpunks (and any FBI agents that may
happen to be lurking the list :-), actually, ESPECIALLY any FBI agents that
may be working the list ;-) ) as to whether you think it's the same person.
Look at it as if he's losing weight over the years.
Write me in private if you wish, and thanks in advance!

@_date: 1998-06-10 23:53:31
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Nobody Report 
So 'Nobody' (Tim May) has joined FreeGroup.  Of course, shortly after that he
revealed himself (in multiple fuckups) and he tried to cause a big ruckus, but
that's no big deal.  Actually, the alias that he joined the group under seems
to be pretty nice guy (when he's not abusing the addressing. ;-) )
So, all's well that ends well, or is it, Tim?  [BIG GRIN!]
FreeGroup - "Just Say It!"

@_date: 1998-06-15 02:59:49
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: The I.R.S. 
Cypherpunks, I've tied a bunch of stuff together on the big conspiracy I've
discovered, think you'll find the additions interesting.  If you want to know
why popular music sucks, my page basicly shows you why.
Thanks for listening,
'The MOST Important Music Page on the Net!'

@_date: 1998-06-15 15:31:43
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Response to Anon. 
Nobody writes - << Hi Stan - I think your link you referenced above is incorrect (but I found it anyway).  You might want to try using  instead.
Thanks for posting the link, but you have raised some questions.  During an interview with Gilmour/Waters, they said that the album "The Wall" was about a
"wall of reality" between the band and Pink Floyd's fans (these are their words EXACTLY). >>
Obviously, because of your next obvservation, I find this to be incredible.
<< I find it interesting that you also emulate a "Wall Of Reality" and use Pink Floyd's music to back it up.  You seem to be giving mixed signals - in Pink Floyd's case, a "Wall Of Reality" would be a BAD thing.  I wasn't sure what message you were trying to get out. >>
Also - <<  Also, wasn't the whole point of Pink Floyd's The Wall to "tear down the wall"?  You are sending some conflicting messages.  You might want to re-think your strategy. >>
My big mistake there, was to allow supposed Floyd sites on.  I've been
thinking about that very thing and will be making changes to that ring (or
I'll be destroying it).  I appreciate your constructive criticism, thanks!
Remember, I created that wall before I knew about the I. R. S..  I also have
many changes that need to be done to What's A Meta U (and What's It 2 U?),
they'll have to wait a little longer as well, I now have a more important
Stan

@_date: 1998-06-17 17:51:34
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: One last time 
Sorry about buggin' you guys so much on this, but I think I have a final piece
of the puzzle together.  It's amazing how well all the pieces fit.  I think
now the big task is to keep it on-line (and promotion - spread the word!).
If you weren't convinced before, this should do it.  Check it out again,

@_date: 1998-06-29 08:17:54
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Premail (and Replay) 
In a message dated 6/29/98 6:31:46 AM Central Daylight Time, nobody at REPLAY.COM
 >
 > > Also, remailer at replay.com appears to have been deleted. The 'remailer'
 > > user is unknown.
 >  > That's correct. I don't know what happened.
 Oh, really? >>

@_date: 1998-05-06 22:26:07
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Spam 
Hi cyphers, I'm back.  A certain 'nobody' invited me!  ;-)
Apparently only as far back as 1993, the definition of the word "spam" from
the on-line jargon file was this (according to the New Hackers Dictionary) -
spam [from the MUD community] vt. To crash a program by over-running a fixed-
size buffer with excessively large input data.  See also Buffer Overflow,
Overrun Screw, Smash the Stack.
Obviously that definition has changed since then.  I've seen it go from that
to repetitive commercial advertising, and I've seen it used to brand someone
as an outcast of a list for future removal simply because a small minority
didn't like what that person had said (so it was being used at that time to
mean 'objectional material').
And in all the times I've seen the word fly, there has never been anykind of
volume that would come close to overblowing the forum's mechanical
So, I'm curious as to who/what dictated the meaning of that to change so
drasticly.  Write me in private if it's off-subject (and yes, you can write me
anonomously if you don't want a response. :-) )
Also, new address for my website -
Stan and the Sequencers

@_date: 1998-05-07 14:11:10
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Spam 
Thanks to Peter Trei for that bit of history.
In a message dated 5/7/98 10:26:48 AM Central Daylight Time, jim at mentat.com
<< I just wrote and snipped a long disquisition on the history of spam
 with Clarence Thomas IV in 1993, having realized it's probably not relevant
 your interests ... >>
Actually, by the timing you describe, it would probably make it VERY relevant
to my interests.  I'd love to see it.
<< and old hat to everybody else.  Suffice it to say that spam
 does require extra resources to process, both in hardware and time.  We
 it because the end user is paying for it rather than the advertiser, so there
 is no natural limit to the amount of crap they can pour on us. >>
But times have changed again.  Now the users have unlimited access.
BTW:  As I understand it, the corporations were given free-speech rights with
a bad Supreme Court decision back in the '20's, even though the constitution
only grants rights to "people" and "citizens" (14th amendment)

@_date: 1998-05-12 12:56:57
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Nobody's Home! 
I got only 1 anon. comment worth responding to -
Subj:	 "A cultist is one who has a strong belief in the Bible and the Second
Coming of Christ; who frequently attends Bible studies; who has a high
level of financial giving to a Christian cause; who home schools for
their children; who has accumulated survival foods and has a strong
belief in the Second Amendment; and who distrusts big government.  Any
of these may qualify [a person as a cultist] but certainly more than one
[of these] would cause us to look at this person as a threat, and his
family as being in a risk situation that qualified for government
-Attorney General Janet Reno, Interview on 60 Minutes, June 26, 1994
"One man's religion is another man's cult" - me
The 'Wall of Reality'

@_date: 1998-05-12 15:58:15
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: "... would cause us to look at this person as a threat" 
In a message dated 5/12/98 4:37:47 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< ... Considering it's content, I have no doubt that it is manufactured - it
 carefully written to offend millenialist Christians, such as the SDAs.
 I've written the page owner to see if I can find out more. ... >>
Not only that, it seems to be "spam" (the repetitive list type).  You see 2
days ago we welcomed a guest to my list (FreeGroup), and in his first batch,
guess what was there.  Another FreeGroupie had a great response to it, I
include it -
Bad *NEWS*???  This purports to be an item that's nearly 4 years old.  What's
the news?  I guess the news is that we're getting this 3rd hand--at a minimum,
with no idea if it's true or not.  But hey!  This is the internet.  So, again,
I ask, *NEWS*????
Bad beginning, Sir Will.  The willingness to pass along material of dubious
authenticity is not a good sign in my book. As Mr. Natural would say, "Check
your source."  So, what *IS* your source?
Thanks for your excellent research on the origins of that, Peter!
FreeGroup - "Just Say It!"

@_date: 1998-05-13 18:06:39
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Abusive crossposting by anonymous remailer user (Was: Gary Lee Burnore is 
In a message dated 5/13/98 7:46:13 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< and he couldn't possibly know who you are.  >>
It is my humble opinion, that nobody's cover has been blown, he fucked up.  He
cross-posted the same exact piece of spam (as some would say) to both me
anonomosly, and to the list roughly at the same time.
Stan Rosenthal

@_date: 1998-05-14 01:14:09
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: A 'Nobody' Out From 'Obscura' 
In a message dated 5/14/98 1:28:03 AM Central Daylight Time, tcmay at got.net
<< > Bad beginning, Sir Will.  The willingness to pass along material of
 > authenticity is not a good sign in my book. As Mr. Natural would say,
 > your source."  So, what *IS* your source?
 This qualifies as an Official News Story Quote under the guidelines  released by 'True Lies On The InterNet Coommiittee' which was formed
 on Oct. 3, 1954. >>
Maybe so, but does something 4 years old qualify as "news"?  Only to a
victim(/perpertrator) of a anti-reality campaign.

@_date: 1998-05-14 10:26:19
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: A 'Nobody' Out From 'Obscura' 
In a message dated 5/14/98 11:07:23 AM Central Daylight Time, tcmay at got.net
 >In a message dated 5/14/98 1:28:03 AM Central Daylight Time, tcmay at got.net
 >
 ><< > Bad beginning, Sir Will.  The willingness to pass along material of
 >dubious
 > > authenticity is not a good sign in my book. As Mr. Natural would say,
 >"Check
 > > your source."  So, what *IS* your source?
 >
 > This qualifies as an Official News Story Quote under the guidelines
 > released by 'True Lies On The InterNet Coommiittee' which was formed
 > on Oct. 3, 1954. >>
 Stan ("and the Sequencers") quotes me as saying things I never said. >>
Look, nobody (IMHO), I quoted another FreeGroupie.  Then I quoted YOU involved
in a 'red-herring' (unless someone forged your address) - "This qualifies as
an Official News Story Quote under the guidelines released by 'True Lies On
The InterNet Coommiittee' which was formed on Oct. 3, 1954."
Keep it up, Tim.

@_date: 1998-05-14 11:50:12
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: A 'Nobody' Out From 'Obscura' 
Boy, do I feel like an idiot!!!
I got my head out of my ass and checked out the headers on some
of the messages coming from the list and discovered that many
of them, including the one I am referring to above, are forgeries
by Ulf Moller (who has those two 'eyes' over the 'o' in his name,
just like the eye in the pyramid on the US dollar-bill, which means he must be a Bavarian Illuminati shill).
Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) id UAA02347 for cypherpunks at algebra.com; Wed, 13 May 1998 20:33:59 -0500
Received: from public.uni-hamburg.de (public.uni-hamburg.de [134.100.41.1]) by einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) with ESMTP id UAA02311 for ; Wed, 13 May 1998 20:33:32 -0500
Received: from paris.public.uni-hamburg.de (max2-145.public.uni-hamburg.de Received: by ulf.mali.sub.org (Smail3.1.28.1 Message-Id: I would like to apologize to Tim, and to all of the other
cypherpunks that I have offended by my stupid, ignorant posts
and attitude on the list.
I'm not really a CypherPunk. I don't even suck cock!
(OK, I sucked my brother's cock a little, when I was younger,
 but that was just 'experimentation', OK? By the time I was
 nine, I had started fucking my little sister, so that *proves*
 I'm straight, eh?)
Anyway, I don't think we should put up with this shit from Ulf
(DoubleEye Illuminati) Moller. Let's all spam him.
Stan Guildenstern

@_date: 1998-05-14 12:33:24
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: A 'Nobody' Out From 'Obscura' 
Obviously, this is a forgery, it isn't me, my guess is, it's our 'nobody' -
<< Boy, do I feel like an idiot!!!
 I got my head out of my ass and checked out the headers on some
 of the messages coming from the list and discovered that many
 of them, including the one I am referring to above, are forgeries
 by Ulf Moller (who has those two 'eyes' over the 'o' in his name,
 just like the eye in the pyramid on the US dollar-bill, which  means he must be a Bavarian Illuminati shill).
 Received: (from cpunks at localhost) by einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) id
UAA02347 for  cypherpunks at algebra.com; Wed, 13 May 1998 20:33:59 -0500
 Received: from public.uni-hamburg.de (public.uni-hamburg.de [134.100.41.1])
by  einstein.ssz.com (8.6.12/8.6.9) with ESMTP id UAA02311 for  ; Wed, 13 May 1998 20:33:32 -0500
 Received: from paris.public.uni-hamburg.de (max2-145.public.uni-hamburg.de  [134.100.45.145])
 Received: by ulf.mali.sub.org (Smail3.1.28.1  Message-Id:  Date: Thu, 14 May 98 03:15 +0200
 From: ulf at fitug.de (Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?=)
 To: cypherpunks at einstein.ssz.com, mix-l at jpunix.com
 Subject: Re: "... would cause us to look at this person as a threat"
 I would like to apologize to Tim, and to all of the other
 cypherpunks that I have offended by my stupid, ignorant posts
 and attitude on the list.
 I'm not really a CypherPunk. I don't even suck cock!
 (OK, I sucked my brother's cock a little, when I was younger,
  but that was just 'experimentation', OK? By the time I was
  nine, I had started fucking my little sister, so that *proves*
  I'm straight, eh?)
 Anyway, I don't think we should put up with this shit from Ulf
 (DoubleEye Illuminati) Moller. Let's all spam him.
 Stan Guildenstern
  >>

@_date: 1998-05-15 17:50:56
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: A 'Nobody' Out From 'Obscura' 
In a message dated 5/15/98 7:33:42 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< > Obviously, this is a forgery, it isn't me, my guess is, it's our 'nobody'
 You're really out of your league here - lost and clueless.   Get a clue ... and get lost >>
You'd really like that wouldn't you!  Come on, admit it, I'm fun to have
around!  ;-)
Oh, and BTW:  You're failure to deny the (tacit) charge sure looks like a
(tacit) admission that it's true.  I nailed your ass (IMHO.)

@_date: 1998-05-19 11:11:00
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: AOL Top Story 
Hackers Tell About Security Woes
WASHINGTON (AP) - Computer hackers told Congress today that computer security
is so lax, they could disable the entire Internet in a half-hour. Members of
the hacker think-tank called ``The Loft,'' who were praised by senators for
calling attention to the problems of computer security, also warned that they
could transfer Federal Reserve funds by computer and disrupt electrical power.
One hacker, identified by his online handle ``Mudge,'' told the Senate
Governmental Affairs Committee ``if you're looking for computer security then
the Internet is not the place to be.''

@_date: 1998-05-19 20:40:49
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: 'Nobody', Still At Home! 
In a message dated 5/19/98 10:09:01 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< Stan, It is considered rude to quote a private e-mail publicly without
obtaining permission from the sender first.  Try putting "netiquitte" in your
favorite search engine.  Then read and learn.  This will help you. >>
Gee, like sending anonomous, unsolicited e-mail isn't against "netiquitte"?
Try taking that "plank" out of you eye, buddy!

@_date: 1998-05-21 12:08:31
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: programing 
In a message dated 5/21/98 1:47:56 PM Central Daylight Time,
<< My favorites are Applesoft BASIC and 6502 assembly. I suggest you go out
 an buy an Apple IIe. Just think -- no need to deal with any messy
 compiler, and you've got BASIC in ROM! A win-win situation, I say!  >>
Oh Man!  If you're gonna suggest 6502, go out and get a Cad... - a C-64 with a
Seriously.  ;-)
Stan Rosenthal

@_date: 1998-05-22 11:24:43
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Unix O/S 
In a message dated 5/22/98 10:29:27 AM Central Daylight Time,
<< I'm starting a petition for less wasted bandwidth in cypherpunks. >>
You would.
<< To show your support, just respond to this thread. >>
Oh, so there's no way we can show if we don't support your idea.  You create
what we call an un-level playing field.
BUT, in this case, I think there's a simple way that you can have it so
there's less wasted bandwidth here.  Ban anonomous posting.  ;-)

@_date: 1998-05-25 00:18:08
@_author: StanSqncrs 
@_subject: Unix O/S 
In a message dated 5/24/98 4:58:12 AM Central Daylight Time, nobody at REPLAY.COM
<< Your new proposal merits inclusion, however. All those in favour of
 banning anonymous posting can show their support by  responding to the thread via an anonymous remailer. >>
The joke's not that funny the 2nd time around either!

@_date: 1998-05-28 22:10:22
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: Timmy Mc Veigh 
In a message dated 5/28/98 10:41:37 PM Central Daylight Time,
nobody at nsm.htp.org quotes:
<< ... It seems ironic and hypocritical that an act as viciously condemned
 in Oklahoma City is now a "justified" response to a problem in a
 foreign land. Then again, the history of United States policy over
 the last century, when examined fully, tends to exemplify
 hypocrisy. ... >>
I tell you folks, that's some of the best written propaganda I've ever seen. Here's it's only faults that I see.  Tim McVeigh is now taking the position
that the OKCity bombing was a bad thing.  I don't ever recall him ever taking
that position before.  And, while his post recognizes the old saying '2 wrongs
don't make a right', the post still goes against that saying (thanks to his
But he's definitely got some valid points as to how it relates to the USA's
use of weapons of mass destruction and Iraq, it's an excellent argument for

@_date: 1998-05-29 01:10:32
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: A Plug 
Hey look, Nobody's expressed interest in joining FreeGroup, but he can't come
in anomonously because of the 'machine' involved with my list.  So, the only
way he can do it (and remain anonomous) is by coming in under a different
alias (since the other one's been uncovered, IMHO.)  But, if he simply applies
now under a different alias, he knows that I know it's him, so I need to give
him cover, so I'm going to give a little FreeGroup plug to all the
Cypherpunks, so I won't really know it's him that's applying, when he does.
In reality, other Cypherpunks are also very welcome to join.
So Cypherpunks, here's something you (almost) missed by not being in
FreeGroup, posts that show that the right-wing stole the anti-FBI/Government
sentiment card from guess who, us Liberals!  We never took it as far as they
did, though.  We aren't that stupid :-) And if somehow my memory fails and I
already posted this (and any others) here, let me apologize in advance (though
somehow, I doubt anyone will mind (except perhaps any FBI agents that might be
viewing ;-) )  But before we get to the FBI (a favorite on this list, from my
obvservations), first we talk about other government agencies -
Subj:	The Arch Angel
Bet some of you newcomers wonder where the right-wing got the idea that being
anti-government might be a popular idea.  I'll tell you where.  They got it
from us liberals
... Around here (thanks to Fred), this guy is known as the 'Arch Angel Arlo'.
He was my favorite political composer of the era -
Alices Resturant
Alice's Restaurant Massacree - by Arlo Guthrie
This song is called Alice's Restaurant, it's a - bout Alice - and the
But Alice's Restaurant is not the name of the restaurant that's - just the
name of the song
That's why I call the song Alice's Restaurant
You can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant You can get anything you want - at Alice's Restaurant
Walk right in it's around the back - just a half a mile from the railroad
You can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant
Now it all started 2 Thanksgivings ago thats on 2 years ago on Thanksgiving
when my friend and I went up to visit Alice at the Restaurant, but - Alice
doesn't live in the Restaurant, she - lives in the church nearby the
restaurant in the bell tower, with her husband Ray and, Fasha the dog and
living in the bell tower like that they got a lot of room downstairs where the
pews used to've been, having all that room, seein' how they took out all the
pews, they decided that they didn't have to take out their garbage for a long
We got up there, we found all the garbage in there and we decided it'd be a -
friendly gesture for us to take the garbage down to the city dump.  So we took
the half-a-ton of garbage put it in the back of a red VW microbus took shovels
and rakes and impliments of destruction and - headed on toward the city dump. Well we got there there's a big sign and a chain across the dump saying
"closed on Thanksgiving" and, we had never heard of a dump closed on
Thanksgiving before and with - tears in our eyes we drove off into the sunset
looking for - another place to put the garbage.  We didn't find one -
'Till we came to a side road and off the side of the side road was another 15
foot cliff and, at the bottom of the cliff was another pile of garbage and, we
decided that 1 big pile was better than 2 little piles and rather than bring
that one up, we decided to throw ours down.  That's what we did. Drove back to
the church had a Thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be beat went to sleep and
didn't get up until the next morning, when we got a phone call from Officer
Said "Kid -  we found your name on an envelope at the bottom of a half-a-ton
of garbage and - just wanted to know if you had any information about it" and
I said "yes sir Officer Obie, I cannot tell a lie - I put that envelope under
that garbage."
After speaking to Obie for about 45 minutes on the telephone we finally
arrived at the truth of the matter and said that we had to go down and pick up
the garbage and, also had to go down and speak to him at the Police Officer
station so we got in the red, VW microbus with the shovels and rakes and
implements of destruction and headed on towards the Police Officer station.  Now friends, there was only 1 of 2 things Obie could've done at the Police
station, and the 1st was that he could've givin us a medal for being so brave
and honest on the telephone, which wasn't very likely, and we didn't expect
it, and the other thing was, that he could've bawled us out and told us never
to be seen driving garbage around the vicinity again.  Which is what we
expected, but when we got to the Police Officer station, there was a 3rd
possibility that we hadn't even counted upon, and we was both immediatly
arrested.  Handcuffed and I said Obie "I - don't think I can pick up the
garbage with these handcuffs on."  Said "Shut up kid, get in the back of the
patrol car" and that's what we did, sat in the back of the patrol car and
drove to the quote "scene-of-the-crime" unquote.
I want to tell you about the town of Stockbridge, Massachusetts where this
happened here, they got 3 stop signs - 2 police officers and 1 police car, but
when we got to the "scene-of-the-crime", there was 5 police officers and 3
police cars - being the biggest crime of the last 50 years and everybody
wanted to get in the newspaper story about it.  And they was using up all
kinds of cop equipment that they had hanging around the Police Officer
station.  They was taking plaster tire track footprints dog smellin' prints,
and they took twenty-seven 8 by 10 color glossy photographs, with circles and
arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one explaining what each one was to
be used as evidence against us.  Took pictures of the approach, the getaway,
the northwest corner, the southwest corner, and that's not to mention the
ariel photography.
After the ordeal, we went back to the jail Obie said he was gonna put us in
the cell, said "Kid, I'm gonna put you in the cell, I want your wallet and
your belt."  I said "Obie, I can understand you wanting my wallet so I don't
have any money to spend in the cell but what do you want my belt for?" Said
"Kid - we don't want any hangins."  Said "Obie, did you think I was gonna hang
myself for littering?"  Obie said he was making sure, and friends, Obie was
'cause he took out the toilet seat so I couldn't hit myself over the head and
drown.  And he took out the toilet paper so I couldn't bend the bars, roll
out, roll the toilet paper out the window, slide down the roll and have an
escape.  Obie was making sure, and it was about 4 or 5 hours later, that
Alice, remember Alice?  It's a song about Alice.  Alice came by and with a few
nasty words to Obie on the side - bailed us out of jail, we went back to the
church, had another Thanksgiving dinner that couldn't be beat and didn't get
up until the next morning, when we all had to go to court.
We walked in, sat down. Obie came in - with the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color
glossy pictures with circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each
one, sat down.  Man came in said "All rise." We all stood up	and Obie stood up
with the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color glossy pictures and the Judge walked in,
sat down with a seeing-eye dog and he sat down.  We sat down.  Obie looked at
the seeing-eye dog.  And then at the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color glossy
pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of each one -
and looked at the seeing-eye dog.  And then at the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color
glossy pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of
each one and began to cry - 'cause Obie came to the realization, that it was a
typical case - of 'American Blind Justice', and there was nothing he could do
about it, and the Judge wasn't gonna look at the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color
glossy pictures with the circles and arrows and a paragraph on the back of
each one explaining what each one was to be used as evidence against us.  And
we was fined fifty dollars and had to - pick up the garbage in the snow, but -
that's not what I came to tell you about.  Came to talk about the draft.
They got a building down in New York City it's called 'Whitehall Street' where
you walk in and get injected, inspected, detected, infected, neglected and
selected.  I went down to get my physical examination one day and I walked in,
sat down - got good and drunk the night before so I looked and felt my best
when I went in that mornin'.  'Cause I wanted to look like the all American
kid from New York City.  Man I wanted, I wanted to feel like the all, I wanted
to be - the all American kid, from New York and I walked in, sat down I was
hung down, brung down, hung up and all - kinds of mean, nasty, ugly things,
and I walked in, I sat down, they gave me a piece of paper that said "Kid -
see the Psychiatrist, room 6O4.  And - I went up there, said "Shrink, I wanna
kill. I mean I wanna, wanna kill.  Kill.  I wanna, wanna see, I wanna see
blood and gore and guts and veins in my teeth. Eat dead burnt bodies.  I mean
kill. Kill. KILL. KILL."  And I started jumping up and down, yellin' "KILL.
KILL."  And he started jumping up and down with me with me, and we was both
jumpin' up and down, yelling "KILL.  KILL."  And the Sergeant came over,
pinned a medal on me, sent me down the hall, said "You're our boy."  Didn't
feel to good about it, uh, proceeded down the hall getting more injections,
inspections, detections, neglections, and all - kinds of stuff that they was
doin' to me at the thing there and I was there for 2 hours, 3 hours, 4 hours -
I was there a long time goin' through all kinds of mean, nasty, ugly things
and I  - was, just having a tough time there and they was inspecting,
injecting every - single part of me, and they was leavin' no place untouched.
Proceeded through and I - when finally came to see the very last man, I walked
in, I walked in, sat down after a whole big thing there, and I walked up and
said "What do ya want".  He said "Kid, we only got one question - have you
ever been arrested?"
I proceeded to tell him the story of the 'Alice's Restaurant Massacree' with -
full orchestration and five part harmony and stuff like that and then all the
phenomina "Stop It Right There" said "Kid - did you ever go to court?"
I proceeded to tell him the story of the twenty-seven 8 by 10 color glossy
pictures with the circles and arrows, and a paragraph on the back of each one
"Stop It Right There" and said "Kid - I want you to go over and sit down on
that bench that says 'Group W' - NOW KID!"
I, and I, I walked over to the, to the bench there, and there is - there's
Group W's where they, where they put ya, if you may not be moral enough to, to
join the Army, after committing your special crime and - there was all kinds
of mean, nasty, ugly looking people on the bench there -  mother rapers -
father stabbers - father rapers! - father rapers sittin' right there on the
bench next to me and, one, they was mean and nasty and ugly, and horible and
crime, fighting guys was sittin' on the bench.  And the meanest, ugliest,
nastiest  one - the meanest father raper of them all, was coming over to me,
and he was mean and ugly and nasty and horible and all kinds of things, and he
sat down next to me and said "Kid - what did ya get?"
I said "I didn't get nothin', I had to pay fifty dollars and pick up the
garbage". He said "What were you arrested for, kid?" and I - said "Littering"
- and they all moved away from me on the bench there and the hairy eyeball,
and all kinds of mean, nasty things, 'till I said "and creating a nuisance"
and they all came back, shook my hand and we had a great time talkin' about
crime, mother stabbin', mother raping, and all kinds of groovy things that we
was talkin' about on the bench.  And everything was fine, we was smoking
cigarettes and all kinds of things, until the Sergeant came over - had some
paper in his hand, said "Kids - This piece of papers got 47 word 37 sentences 58 word we want to know detail
of the crime time crime and any kind of thing you got to say time and tune
about the crime unknown arresting officers name and everything you got to
say..." and he talked for 45 minutes, and nobody understood a word that he
said, but we had fun filling out the forms and playing with the pencils on the
bench there and - I filled out the 'Massacree' with the 4 part harmony and -
wrote it down there, just like it was and everything was fine and I - put down
the pencil and turned over the piece of paper and there - there on the other
side - in the middle of the other side - away from everything else on the
other side - in parenthesis - capital letters - quotated - read the following
words.  "Kid - have you rehabilitated yourself?"  I went over to the Sergeant and said
"Sergeant, you've got a - lot of damn gall to ask me if I've rehabilitated
myself, I mean - I mean - I mean, I just, I'm sittin' here on the bench, I
mean I'm sitting on the Group W bench - because you want to know if I'm moral
enough to join the Army, burn women, kids houses and villages after being a
litterbug."  He looked at me and said "Kid - we don't like your kind - and
we're going to send your fingerprints off to Washington" and friends -
somewhere in Washington enshrined in some little folder is a - study in black
and white - of my fingerprints.  And the only reason why I'm singing you this song now is because you may know
somebody in a similar situation - or YOU may be in a similar situation and if
you're in a situation like that - there's only one thing you can do is, walk
into the shrink wherever you are, just walk in and say "Shrink -
You can get anything you want at Alice's Resaurant" and walk out.  Ya know, if
1 person, just 1 person does it they'll think he's really sick and they wont
take him.  And if 2 people, 2 people do it - in harmony - they may think
they're both faggots and won't take either of 'em.  And if 3 people do it - 3,
can you imagine 3 people walking in singing a bar of 'Alice's Restaurant' and
walking out?  They may think it's an organization.  And can you, can you
imagine 5O people a day?  I said 5O people a day walking in singing a bar of
'Alice's Restaurant' and walking out.  And friends they may think it's a
movement, and that's what it is.  The 'Alice's Restaurant Anti-Massecree'
movement, and all you got to do to join, is sing it the next time it comes
around on guitar - with feeling.  So we'll wait 'till it comes around on the
guitar here and sing it when it does - here it comes - You can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant You can get anything you want - at Alice's Restaurant
Walk right in it's around the back - just a half a mile from the railroad
You can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant
That was horrible.  You want to end war and stuff you got to sing loud.  You
could put alot, I've been singing this song now for about 25 minutes - I could
sing it for another 25 minutes - I'm not proud - or tired - so we'll wait
'till it comes around again and - this time with 4 part harmony and feeling -
we're just waiting for it to come around is what we're doing - allright now -
You can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant, excepting Alice
You can get anything you want - at Alice's Restaurant
Just walk right in it's around the back - just a half a mile from the railroad
and you can get anything you want, at Alice's Restaurant
Da da da da da dum, at Alice's Restaurant!
FreeGroup - "Just Say It!"

@_date: 1998-05-29 01:15:33
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: More Government Bashing 
Ah yes, a bit of local police bashing, courts bashing and draft bashing.
Here's a little more local police bashing with a tiny bit of FBI bashing
thrown in to segue into the next post -
Subj:	Another Cop Bashing Story
Again, I can't resist -
Motorcycle (Significance of the Pickle) Song - Arlo Guthrie
I don't want a pickle
Just want to ride on my motorsickle
And I don't want a tickle
I'd rather ride on my motorsickle
And I don't want to die
Just want to ride on my motorcy - cle
You know, it's been about 12 years now that, I've been singing this dumb song.
You know, it's amazing, it's amazing that somebody could get away with singing
a song this dumb for that long. But you know, hey you know what's more amazing
than that is that, is that uh, somebody could make a living singing a song
this dumb.  But, that's America!
You know, I told about everything there was to tell about it.  When I wrote
it, how come, why, what for, but you know the one thing, that I always used to
neglect to explain, was the significance of the pickle.
It was the time I was riding my bike, I was going down a mountain road.  I was
doing 150 miles an hour.  On one side of the mountain road there was a
mountain, and on the other side there was nothin', it was just a cliff in the
air.  But I wasn't paying attention you know I was just driving down the road.
All of a sudden by accident, a string broke off my guitar.  It broke you know
right there went flying across the road that way, wrapped itself around a
yield sign.  Well the sign didn't break, it didn't come out of the ground, the
string stayed wrapped around it. Stayed in the other end of my guitar, I held
on to my guitar with one hand.  I held on to the bike with the other.  I made
a sharp turn off the road.  Luckily I didn't go into the mountain. I went over
the cliff.  I was doing 150 miles an hour sideways, and 500 feet down at the
same time.  Hey, I was looking for the cops, 'cause you know, hey I knew that
you know it, it was illegal.
Well, I knew that it was it.  I knew I didn't have long, to live in this
world.  And in my last remaining seconds in the world I knew that it was my
obligation to, write one last farewell song to the world.  Took out a piece of
paper, I pulled out a pen, and it didn't write I, I had to put another ink
cartridge in it.  I sat back and I thought for awhile and then it come to me,
it come like a flash, like a vision burnt across the clouds.  I just wrote it
down.  I learned it right away.  I don't want a pickle, just want to ride on
my motorsickle.  And I don't want a tickle, I'd rather ride on my motorsickle.
And I don't want to die, just, want to ride on my motorcy - cle.  Hey I, you
know, I knew it wasn't the best song I ever wrote, but I didn't have time to
change it. But you know the most amazing thing was, that I didn't die, I
landed on the top of a police car, and it died.
I come into town, I come into town at a screaming 175 miles an hour singing my
new motorcycle song.  I stopped out in front of the deli and out in front of
the deli was a man, eating the most tremendous pickle, a pickle the size of
four pregnant watermelons, just a huge monster pickle.  He walked up to me,
pushed a pickle in my face and started asking me questions.  It was about the
same time I noticed a pickle in my face I noticed a cord hanging from the long
end of the pickle going up his sleeve down his shirt into his pants and shoes
out into a briefcase he had near his feet.
I knew it wasn't a ordinary pickle.  But it was about the same time I noticed
the cord hanging out ot the pickle that a 4 foot cop arrived, with a 5 foot
gun.  A cop that one time, must have been around 6 foot 3, but was met at the
bottom of a mountain, by a flying, singing, writing, weirdo freak.  He walked
up and with one tremendous hand he grabbed the pickle away from the other guy.
He threw it, a hundred feet, straight up in the air.  And while the pickle was
half way between going up and coming down, he took out his gun and put a 3
inch bullet hole right through the long end of the pickle.  It started coming
back down.  He stuck out his foot.  He caught the pickle on his big toe.  And
balancing the pickle on his big toe he reached his huge hand into his little
pocket, pulled out a 10 foot ticket.  He borrowed my pen, he wrote it up, then
he rolled it up, and stuffed it in the bullet hole in the middle of the
pickle, took the pickle with the ticket and shoved it down my throat.  It was
at that very moment, that the pickle with the ticket was going down my throat
that, I knew for sure that, that I didn't want a pickle.
I don't want a pickle
I just want to ride on my motorsickle
And I don't want a tickle
I'd rather ride on my motorsickle
And I don't want to die
Just want to ride on my, motorcy - cle
And on to the meat of the matter, the FBI -
Subj:	Re: Another Cop Bashing Story + FBI Bashing
<< YES!!! I actually do have an original copy! It's on the album "ARLO" . I'll
work on that transcript this weekend. I also have "Hobo's Lullaby" Pretty cool
stuff dude!   >>
Ok, then you deserve this -
The Pause of Mr. Claus - Arlo Guthrie
(introduction) This next song, we're going to dedicate to a great American
organization.  Tonight, I'd like to dedicate this, to our boys, in the FBI.
Well, wait a minute, it's hard to be a FBI man.  I mean, first of all to be a
FBI man you have to be over 40, years old.  And the reason is, that it takes
at least 25 years with the organization, to be that much of a bastard.  Now,
it's true you just can't join, you know it kinda it needs a atmosphere where
your natural bastardness, can grow and develop and, take a meaningful shape in
today's complex society.  But that's not why I want to dedicate the song to the FBI.  I mean the job
that they have to do, is a drag!  I mean they have to follow people around.
You know, that's part of their job.  Follow me around.  I'm out on the
highway, and I'm drivin' down the road, and I run out of gasoline and I pull
over to the side of the road, they got to pull over too, make believe they ran
out.  You know, I go to get some gasoline, they have to figure out whether
they should stick with the car, or follow me!  Suppose I don't come back and
they're staying with the car.  Or if I fly on the airplanes.  I can fly half-
fare because I'm 12 - 22, and they got to pay the full fare.  But, well, what
the thing is when you pay the full fair, you have to get on the airplane first
so that they know how many seats are left over for the half-fair kids.
Allright and sometimes there aren't any seats left over and, sometimes there
are but that doesn't mean you have to go!  Well suppose he gets on and fills
up the last seat.  So you can't get on, then  he gets off, then you can get
on!  What's he going to do?  Wait, well, it's a drag for him.
But that's not, that's not why I want to dedicate the song to the FBI.
During, during these hard, days, and hard weeks, everybody always has it bad
once in a while, you know you, you have a bad time of it, and you always has a
friend that says "hey man, you ain't got it that bad, look at that guy."  And
you look at that guy, and he's got it worse than you!  And it makes you feel
better that there's somebody that's got it worse than you.  But think of the
last guy.  For one minute, think of the last guy.  Nobody's got it worse than
that guy.  Nobody, in the whole world, that guy, he's so alone in the world,
that, he doesn't even have a street to lay in for a truck to run him over.
He's out theeerre, with nothing.  Nothin's happening for that cat.  And all
that he has to do to, create a little excitement in his, own life, is to bum a
dime from somewhere, call up the FBI, say "FBI?" they say "yes?" say "I dig
Uncle Ho and Chairman Mao and their friends are coming over for dinner.",
hang up the phone.  And within two minutes, and not two minutes from, when he hangs up the phone
but two minutes from when he first put the dime in, they got 30,000 feet of
tape rollin'.  Files on tape, pictures, movies, dramas, actions on tape.  But
then they send out a half a million people all over the entire world, the
globe, they find out all they can about this guy.  'Cause there's a number of
questions involved in this guy.  I mean if he was the last guy in the world,
how did he get a dime to call the FBI?  There are plenty of people that aren't
the last guy, that can't get dimes, he comes along and he gets a dime!  I mean
if, if he had to bum a dime to call the FBI, how was he going to serve dinner
for all those people?  *How could the last guy make dinner for all those
people?*  And if he could make dinner, and was gonna make dinner, then why did
he call the FBI?  And they find out all of those questions within two minutes!
And that's the, that's the great thing about America!  I mean, this is the
only country in the world, I mean well it's it's not the only country in the
world that could find stuff out in two minutes, but it's the only country in
the world that would take two minutes for that guy!  Well other countries
would say "Hey, he's the last guy, screw him!", you know?  But, but in America
there is no discrimination.  And there is no hypocracy, 'cause they'll get
anybody.  And that's, that's a wonderful thing, about America.
And that's why tonight, I'd like to dedicate it to every, FBI man in the
audience.  I know, you can't say nothin' you know.  You can't get up and say,
"Hi!", you know, 'cause then everybody knows, that you're a FBI man, that's a
drag for you, and your friends!  They're not really your friends, are they.  I
mean so you can't get up and say nothing 'cause otherwise, you got to get sent
back, to the factory.  And that's, that's a drag for you and an expense for
the government.  And that's a drag for you.  We're going to sing you this Christmas Carol.  It's for all you bastards out
there in the audience tonight.  It's called 'The Pause of Mr. Claus'.   Why do you sit there so strange
Is it because you are beautiful
You must think you are deranged
Why do police guys beat on peace guys?
You must think Santa Claus wierd
He-e has lo-ong hair and a beard
Giving his presents for free
Why do police guys mess with peace guys?
Let's get Santa Clause 'Cause
Santa Claus has a red suit, he's a communist
And a beard and long hair, must be a pacifist
What's in the pipe that he's smoking???????
Mr. Claus sneaks in your house at night
he must be a dope-fiend, to put you uptight
Why do police guys, beat on peace guys?
What can I say?  We have alot of fun.
FreeGroup - "Just Say It!"

@_date: 1998-05-31 14:26:58
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: FYI 
If you've heard rumors about Amway being a cult, it's true.  It's part of the
right-wing/ChristianCoalition cult.  If anyone wants to see my evidence, let
me know.

@_date: 1998-05-31 17:36:52
@_author: StanSqncrs at aol.com 
@_subject: FYI 
Someone wrote me in private - << Yes, we want to see
 > If you've heard rumors about Amway being a cult, it's true.  It's part of
 > right-wing/ChristianCoalition cult.  If anyone wants to see my evidence,
 > me know. >>
I caught an Amway employee (works in Ada and everything) on a music list
engaging in the censorship of the messages in that band's music.
But first, a who's who of the people involved in the war on the Arts/Music -
You'll notice Mr. and Mrs. Richard DeVos of the DeVos foundation listed, his
son runs Amway, and Richard was the guy who started it (along with another
Here's my Amway employee threatening to use Amway lawyers against someone (me)
simply trying to speak on a music list - In a message dated 4/27/98 8:43:23 AM Central Daylight Time,
 << ... buddy.  I'm
      just down the hall from a team of about 80 high-powered lawyers who
      are fledgling experts in Internet harassment issues (amway.com is a
      very-flamed, very-hacked, very high-profile domain. >>
<< --Russell Thomas Gorton  Amway Corporation (yup, the direct-sell soap
empire) Ada, Michigan, USA >>
Of course, I do admit, that I do speak from a left POV. ;-)
You see, the band is a band called Camel, and I like to talk about their
lyrics.  One song's lyrics I posted was this one -
'Refugee' - 'Stationary Traveer' (lyrics by Susan Hoover)
There's a rumour flying through the air
Paranoia's creeping everywhere.
You're gonna raise a wall -
to draw the line
You say you've got your reasons
I hear them all the time
You say it's talking treason
and a crime ...
to question why
Don't you know I've seen this all before?
History repeats itself once more.
I don't want to go -
and I can't stay
You say you've got your reasons
I hear them all the time
You say it's talking treason
and a crime ...
to question why
I don't want to be a refugee,
I just want a single guarantee.
I don't want to be a refugee
I JUST WANT THE RIGHT TO DISAGREE.
Basicly, Russell is part of a right-wing gang working the Camelogue list.  It
is documented here -   It's called
The Humpheads.  When you get the the code - "&y", though, haven't updated
that.  Here's something I snuck to the Camelogue list -
3) Fish.  X-tian fish.  You can find a real one here on &y's server (if not in
the supposed user's address ;-) ) - But these guys don't like to do business with folk other than their own,
that's why they use that symbol.  Here's where &y's X-tian fish is - "&y".
Take the & and remove the top loop of it in your mind, and it certainly looks
MUCH like an X-tian fish!
That's how I found &y's picture, I looked for that symbol on his server.  You
see, his compadres know what to look for.  Can you say "right-wing
conspiracy"?  Sure, I knew ya could!
&y (Andy) Burnett is the "moderator nazi" (his words) of that list.  He has no
real info about himself on his facad server - Roadkill Consulting
(  But he had a picture stashed (in a 5 meg movie) in a
place that only his right-wing buddies (or someone observing the right-wing
conspiracy) would think to click.  On one of his supposed user's boring pages
at the very bottom in fine print where he thanks "&y" for his webspace, and
the "&y" is a link. So, if you also see a bunch of evidence against folk other than the Amway
employee, remember, that Amway employee is part of a gang, and that
accomplices in crimes are JUST as guilty as the actual trigger-person,
therefore, you need to know what his compadres are also doing.
'Wall of Reality' Webring
