
@_date: 2001-02-15 23:07:37
@_author: Christian 
@_subject: $750 PER REFERRAL?! 
Hello,
 One of the biggest turnoffs in Internet Marketing is the need to recruit others to do the same thing in order to make money and even when people sign up, with the best of intentions, a very high proportion drop out soon after.
THERE IS NO NEED TO RECRUIT WITH THIS BUSINESS.
If you decide to recruit there is a referral payment of  ( and you could recruit without doing anything, as there is an optional, built-in facility on your web site. However, you do not need to recruit to make money. There is an initial payment of ( to cover domain registration but you do not have to pay for the site until you are earning ( per month. They do everything to get you started and provide instructions after that. All you need is a computer. The business is based in London, England and will pay in any currency.
The downside, if you want to call it that, is that the business involves the number-one money maker on the net, though it is strictly legal and discrete. Under the circumstances, I will only send you the URL for further information if you request it sending an email to statiro at yahoo.com and putting "PLEASE SEND" in the subject heading. There is a limit to the number of sites, so don't delay. You could miss out on a very big opportunity and somebody has to do it.
  Kindest regards,
           Christian """"If you want to be
removed from my email database,please mail to statiro at yahoo.com with 'REMOVE' in the subject line.""""

@_date: 2001-02-18 00:10:00
@_author: Christian 
@_subject: RECEIVE $400.00 FREE & WATCH IT GROW! 
Hello,
This is free to join, and could make you a lot of money.
 A friend joined a similar program, and made $25,000.
 What do you have to lose? You could gain MONEY!!
        Cristian
PS: I have just received a message from LIIC and the last day to join is February     because they have surpassed 5000 members!
    The time to join is NOW! Remember,is FREE FREE FREE!	
PSS:After joining,please let me know so we can keep in touch for best results.
Maito: statiro at yahoo.com?subject=I HAVE JOINED
and send me your name and the e-mail address you used to join.Thank you!
 -----------------------

@_date: 2001-03-15 03:26:28
@_author: Cristian 
@_subject: You need to ACT FAST and be the FIRST FEW to Sign Up! 
Hi,
You're the Early One to receive this Cash Cards Advance Registration
Information well in Advance! Before many other people. International Cash Card Advance Registration Is Ready for You to Sign Up You need to ACT FAST and be the FIRST FEW to Sign Up!
This will be Spreading very Fast Like Wildfire! !! International Cash Card
Don't Miss Out On this Most Exciting Cash Cards Business Venture!! Be one of the FIRST FEW, Signing Up is FREE. Just send a blank email to cashcards at sendfree.com and you will receive the URL to sign up!
Once you signed Up, IMMEDIATELY, Pass the information down to your
