
@_date: 2011-11-27 11:52:21
@_author: Song, Stephen 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] Why wireless mesh networks wonbt save us from censorship 
I agree that there is lots of scope for improving this.  Computers
used to be hard to use and Apple has succeeded in making them stupidly
easy.  This can happen for mesh networks too.
The directional versus omnidirectional debate is a bit of a
red-herring I think.  The author seems to be assuming that all
connections would be distant or at the edge of WiFi capacity.  If mesh
nodes are reasonably close you could actually consider turning the
radio power down as opposed to up which would reduce interference.
Also, there is no reason not to have a "directed" mesh where
semi-directional devices like nsIIs or similar cover an arc of a
community.   There are lots of creative things that can be done here
such as mesh segmenting, supernodes, etc.  Perhaps that would
disqualify them from being traditional mesh networks but who gives a
stuff about that?
So, from a Serval perspective this seems to be a good question.  If
the mesh protocol takes 1-2 minutes to "settle", how is it possible
for a mesh network based on moving mobile phones to update routes fast
enough to keep up.  Unless I miss something, the mesh routing is going
to be constantly playing catch up unless everyone stays still.
Have you guys done any testing of say 10 phones or more in a field
Three unique problems:
1)  provide affordable communication infrastructure for those for whom
access is either unavailable or unaffordable, the so-called other
2)  provide resilient alternative communication infrastructure to
ensure that communication is not restricted by centralised control
3)  provide easy-to-deploy infrastructure for use in crisis/disaster
relief scenario
Mesh network infrastructure can potentially address all three of those
issue but your technology development priorities will change depending
on which one of the above is your mission.  Which one is Serval's
Cheers... Steve
