
@_date: 1996-02-04 07:09:15
@_author: Stephan Mohr 
@_subject: free speach and the government 
Well, I feel that I agree with the people on the right of free speech for
i.e. the neo-nazi stuff or other political, ideological and/or religious
ideas. But there is still something that leaves me uneasy: imagine there
would be a way to easily make a powerful poison, easily applicated to
your town's water-reservoir, or a very easy way to build some strong
explosive device. etc. Actually, I think that stuff like this does exist
But the idea that one day I just put 'easy made deadly poison for millions'
into my webcrawler and whoop there it is on my screen or on the screen of any
other fool, doesn't sound to right to me. I would like things like this
to be better put aside and locked up.
Well, maybe my imagination isn't strong enough to make my point. But do
you fighter for free speech, in principle, think that nothing, really
nothing, shouldn't be prevented of being published? And by being
published, I mean published in the net, not at loompanics (who knows
I know, of course, that by accepting that there is something that
shouldn't be available on the net, we would need something to decide what
and how to ban. So I wonder what would be a more 'net'-like way of handling this type of thing and how to prevent that some 'strong-armed' governments
take the net over.
I do not see tokay's governments being prepared for the net (at least not
the German one). But I see them trying to put the 'old' laws onto the net.
Not because they are mean, but because they don't know any better. So, I
think it would be nice to have something to offer to them. I do not think though
that they will accept the totally right of free speech (yet). There is something that is closely related to the right of free speech but
not the same and that is the right of privacy. And I think there is a big
danger of the issue of free (public) speech been taken over to the right of
privacy. Governments may, by arguing to control the public net, start to
prohibit the use of strong cryptography. It seems important to me to
separate this two issues. Maybe it will be necessary to agree to some kind
of (hopefully self organized) control of the public net. But it is totally
unacceptable to allow whatever organization to look into someone's private life.
Comments and hints to information on these topics very much welcome

@_date: 1996-02-05 05:59:33
@_author: Stephan Mohr 
@_subject: free speech and the government 
Actually, I am glad that the whole story started over some neo-nazi stuff
and not a recipe to easily make a very potent poison. I wonder if there
would have been as many 'poison-sites' as there are zundel-sites. And what
'poison-site'-maintainers would think after some fool would have used the
poison to kill a bunch of kindergarten-kids by putting it into their food.
And how some governments would react and what type of restriction on the net
would not only be accepted, but even demanded by the people. Yeah, I know,
the guy could have gotten the idea elsewhere as well, but you know how
people think and how governments like to link unrelated stuff to gain power.
And it is nice to see how much publicity you can give to something by
prohibiting it.
I think that you are right in saying that you can't put the genie back into
the bottle. But I think it makes a big difference if you make it widely
available to everyone and maybe even to people who do not want to have it. It would be nice to have some type of obstacle in the way to this type of
information. It is like putting drugs, alcohol and other dangerous stuff out
of the reach of children. Or putting a fence at some dangerous cliff to
prevent people from falling over. The dangerous stuff will still be there
and you just can't flatten every hill. But there is a responsibility that
comes with information as well as with any other thing. So I do not want to outlaw some type of information, I agree that this is
not feasible (I hope) nor desirable. But I think that there should be some
possibility of control on a public medium. Not to control the content but to
control the access. The idea is to give control to those in need of control
without interfering with the free exchange of information of others. This
could be done, for example, by giving them a choice of providers or browser
software (jewish, catholic, anarchist, terrorist, gay, straight ...
flavoured provider/browser). So you can say whatever you want, but everyone
can decide whether he or she wants to listen to you or not (in a more
sophisticated way, of course). And it is not just 'don't click on my page than'.
Here encryption may play an important role: not only to protect your
privacy, but also to protect others from having to read your stuff.
Most or the governments will not accept the idea of free speech like this.
And I am afraid, but I guess they could still tear down the whole net if
they want to. So, wouldn't it be better that, if there should be some type
of control technology, that it is conceived by the netizen and not by, say
the german, chinese, or french government.

@_date: 1996-02-12 02:08:52
@_author: Stephan Mohr 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Declaration 
I just put J.P. Barlow's 'A Cyberspace Independence Declaration' on my
homepage:  There is a
little introduction by M.S. Bilk too.
