
@_date: 2009-08-13 01:09:34
@_author: Steven W. Orr 
@_subject: Two convicted in U.K. for refusal to decrypt data 
Hash: SHA1
On 08/13/09 09:41, quoth the dragon:
Scuze me? I thought this was the gnupg list! I'm sorta new at this  stuff but
I'm expecting just a bit more expertise from the people contributing  to this
First of all, I am running Thunderbird + Enigmail and I have gone out  of my
way to set "Add my own key to the recipients" to be OFF. I very much  email that I encrypt to others to not be readable by me at all. I am  not a
child pornographer or a terrorist and I do not have anything to hide  except my
own personal privacy. My personal choice is that if I send a message to
someone and it is encrypted then I do *not*, by default, want to be  able to
see what I sent in my own sent-mail folder. If I want that option then  I can
simply Bcc myself when I send it.
Second, I happen to be a Defendant in a case in US Federal Court.  (Ever heard
the phrase "Don't make a Federal case out of it?") They did. And  they're right
now in the process of losing big time against us. My only regret is  that when
we were served and I had nothing to hide, I wish that some of my email  that I
was required to turn over as part of the Discovery process had been  I would dearly have wanted them to come to me and say "Hey! This is  so you have to decrypt it." and my response would have been "Sorry  Your Honor,
but I have no ability to decrypt that message. It can only be  decrypted by the
And yes, when I first started learning about this stuff, I did  initially add
my key when encrypting and between Enigmail and gnupg.conf and gpg- it actually took a bit to figure out how to shut it off.
So, when we talk about "chances that you *don't* know the key for the
encryption is so slim as to be nonexistant", I think it's time for a  few of us
to take a step backwards and remember what the issue is here. As it  sits right
now, I do *not* know if the people who were in trouble in the UK are the
encryptors or the decryptors and I also don't know if the encryptors  added their own keys to the message.
