
@_date: 1994-12-13 04:31:24
@_author: Steve Gibson/Bionomics 
@_subject: Bionomics Institute -- New discussion group and newsletter 
How is new technology transforming the economy?  How will it alter the fundamental qualities of economic life?
We don't have all the answers.  But we do have a powerful new way to look at the the revolutionary changes brought about by the emergence of the Information Age.  And, we have leading edge thinkers and doers from a remarkable variety of disciplines -- high-technology, biology, economics, public policy, business and more -- who share the powerful idea that the economy is an ecosystem.
That's right:  the economy is _not_ some giant machine.  It's like a rainforest.  A virtual rainforest where coded information, like DNA, defies entropy.   Where organizations (like organisms) cooperate, compete and evolve in a complex, self-organizing process that is not only unplanned, but unplan-able. (Sounds like the Internet, doesn't it.)
And, now, we have a discussion group:  evolve at bionomics.org.
As well as an occasional newsletter:   just.the.facts at bionomics.org.
JOINING -- send to info at bionomics.org with "SUBSCRIBE Evolve" or "SUBSCRIBE Just.the.facts" in the subject line.  Participants in "Evolve" will get "just.the.facts" automatically.
CONTRIBUTING -- send to evolve at bionomics.org.  This is an archived, quasi-moderated discussion. Signal-to-noise will be kept high.
VANISHING -- send "unsubscribe" or any questions to info at bionomics.org or to our domain postmaster, klacobie at bionomics.org.
This message comes to you because either we read this list or people keep telling it's right up our alley.  Now we want you to come explore the truths and consequences of the infoweb with us.  And bring your friends. (If you don't have any friends, you're probably spending too much time reading email.)
You made it this far... hit  and take a lurk.  Become a part of the bionomic community, where high-technology and the free-market converge.
Steve Gibson
Executive Director
The Bionomics Institute
