
@_date: 1992-11-18 12:04:21
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: damn: sorry 
my column in the current issue of mONdo pointed readers to this list, rather
than -request. the final line edit didn't correct that, and the issue is now
on the stands. if there ARE any readers, they may blunder in here
cluelessly, and it's all my fault.
damn sorry.

@_date: 1992-11-18 13:18:24
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: a patently false rumor 
uh oh: i gave the wrong contact info with that Irresponsible emission: it
was spozed to be cypherpunks-request at toad.com.
HOWEVER: here you are, d00d. you've landed in the midst of a multistrand
technical argument about the logistics of applied cryptography...

@_date: 1992-10-03 18:45:12
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: public vs. private 
marc suggests:
Consider the phage model (which I & my roommate efrem lipkin have
been considering for a longish while, since Community Memory) :
The bacteriophage virus replicates itself by injecting its own
information into an existing system. The more copies of the phage,
the worse for the bacteria etc etc. SO: in private, the planning, the designing, the coding...
for public distribution as widely as possible. If the technology is
intrinsically transformative, and if the process of distribution is
engaging, even exciting, the revolution is next tuesday.
hughes is hoping that remailers will pop up everywhere, even before the
encryption upgrades arrive... heh. And the more designers and coders we
rope in, via publicizing, to produce immediate lively replicating
phages, the better. Not so? If not so, I'll shut up forthwith.
PS: also it mindfucks the idea of conspiracy. hee hee.

@_date: 1992-10-14 10:28:10
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: game items 
You needn't timetravel to come up with instances of underground heroism.
There is RIGHT NOW an underground dealing with AIDS meds. And there may be,
soon, an RU-486 network.  These are worlds away from traffic in
sleazy recreationals for profit.

@_date: 1992-09-25 03:02:38
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: secretions 
"The alternative to mutual trust, which is indeed a risky gamble, is the
security of the police state."
                -- Alan Watts
This text may be published in MONDO2000 as my regular column, Irresponsible
Journalism. Eric Hughes suggested the coda with the toad address, adding
that it would be amusing to have it almost completely blotted by magic
marker, as if inadequately censored.
I don't want to be the venom in this toad. the idea is to draw in other useful minds. we can assume the WRONG PEOPLE
already know the address.
lady ada won't apologize for the gonzo wrapping for the ideas; she is
concerned only that they be correct and clearly stated. clarifications,
expansions, corrections are welcome. also abuse and threats, for that
matter... any feedback, please feed me...
THE CYPHERPUNK MOVEMENT
by St. Jude
I don't face-to-face all that much.  And I don't like clubs.  I was in the
Black Hole for a reason: The Screamin' Memes were in town for one night
only -- Thursday, of course.  Thursday's the night, now that the weekend
has annexed Fri. and Mon.  I was lurking in the back, hoping not to see
anybody, when the Jones brothers staked me out.  Damn.  They are deep into
the street drugs.  Keeping up with the Joneses is nigh impossible; their
most trivial chitchat is an exercise in decryption.  Eddy -- or maybe he
was being Ellis that night -- was implying something about somebody when my
right foot detonated down to its steel toe.  I looked up -- way up -- to a
face that wasn't there at all.  Just a dome of black cloth, with goggles.
Three-eyed goggles.  Ah: a Chador.  I'd heard of that.  I screamed: "You
stomped my foot FLAT!"
   "Sorry."  "Are you okay?"  "Oh maaaang."  Many overlapping voices, all
of them synthesized, blurted from above.  Out of two tiny speakers hanging
like earrings off a basketweave headband like a cop's belt.  The head
bowed, bringing it almost within biting range.
   "Gah.  Ow.  Ooo."  Pretending to be demented with pain, I lurched deep
into the Chador.  But I was cool: I was rootling in there for clues.  Ha!
Male pheromones.  Hardish male torso.  I was jostling this lumpy equipment
hanging off him, trying to get a good feel of it without alerting him.  Nuh
uh: _I_ meant electronics... what did _you_ think?  Okay: I had some data
to work with.  Male with gadgets.  Quelle surprise.
and under his full black skirts I saw them: big weighted club-foot boots
with concealed lifts, to disguise the wearer's height.  Wicked.    The pain and the espionage cleared my head.  I was ready to deal.
   "So you're protecting your meat identity, right?"
   The Chador seemed to teeter a little.  It goggled down at me as if I
were a smear on a slide.  Its third-eye goggle was a lens.  Check.  Out of
the ambient murk loomed another Chador.  Exactly the same height.  Right.
   "How come you guys are in full drag?"
   "We're here for a... uh... party."  The voice from the other Chador was
a flanged saxophone, but I could swear it had a Texas accent.
   "Rubbish.  You're having a cell meeting, right?  "
   The near Chador, the one I had groped, seemed to teeter again.  What
sounded like a tape player on fast-forward came faintly from its interior.
An earphone?    The saxophone honked:  "If I said I even understood what you meant, what
kind of a chump would that make me?"    "I could hazard a guess.  I think you're cryptoanarchists -- what I'd
call cypherpunks!"
   My Chador cracked up.  I could tell.  The farther one seemed to stiffen;
I think it was giving me a hate stare.  Hard to manage behind the whole 9
yards o' cloth.    "Is that clever or what?  I'm onto you like psilocybe on cowshit, dudes.
You want to take over the world.  Haha hahaha haaaaa."
   Both of them rocked back a little.  I went in after them. "You want to
talk encryption schemes?  Let's talk cryptic.  Tales from the cryp'ed.  But
make it fast: The Memes are comin' on."  Oh, I was bluffing.  I don't know
much about cryptography.  I was just 'tuding them from tech envy.  Damn:
Chadors.  And me without the first widget.
   From the far guy came a cello, very suave: "The world has already been
taken over.  You may have noticed this.  We're just trying to get some of
it back."  And the accent was -- Dutch?
   Bob's yr uncle.  Gotcha.  I hadn't been certain.  Maybe chadors were now
trendy club gear -- what do I know?  "Hey -- that cello's another guy?  How
many you PACKIN' in there?"
   Out of my Chador a sawtooth rasped:  "Variable.  People are ringing in
and out."
   "You're on line?"
   "This is a bridge.  International."  Sawtooth again.
   The cello resumed, an annoyed cello:  "We don't believe in takeovers.
In fact, we are working to make things UNTAKEOVERABLE."
   A theremin quivered, "And to make the world safe for anarchy.  _We want
the air-waves, baby_."  It snickered across many frequencies.
   The Tejana saxophone chuckled, (and an eerie treat that was, too):
"Problem is, how to guarantee privacy for pseudonyms.  So you can have a
pseudonymous economy."
   A toad croaked: "So, full-RSA encrypted EVERYTHING.  No back doors.
Secure digital money.  Swiss bank accounts for the millions."
   The theremin: "A global monetary system that makes governments obsolete.
Down come the governments.  Goodbye the feds."  It sang, whoopingly: "BYE
BYE, LAWWww."  Horrible broad-band snickering.
   The toad croaked: "Er... yes.  Real freedom of speech, too.
   The Dutch cello was all business: "Okay, what does it take?  You need
real-time protocols to prove you own your pseudonym.  And your pseudonyms
have online reputations, via people you've done biz with -- like a
distributed credit rating system.  With maybe designated angels -- Fair
   I was charmed.  "And you wear the chador when you face-to-face somebody
who knows your handle!"    The theremin wheeped: "Actually, unmasking your real identity could be
the ultimate collateral -- your killable, _torturable_ body.  Even without
kids, you've got a hostage to fortune -- your own meat."
   I was reeling.  "Oh yas yas.  As Dylan said: 'They asked me for some
collateral/ and I pulled down my pants'."
   Orchestral chuckles rained down on me.  Was I an international hit?
   But at that exact moment The Memes hit the stage.  The crowd did a 9.1
Richter lurch and the other Chador pitched onto my LEFT toe, maybe denting
the steel.
   "AAIEEeeee.  That's great COVERT GEAR you got there, guys.  You couldn't
sneak up on Helen Keller in a HAILSTORM."  I was trying to spin down.  "And
dudes -- this is not the neighborhood for flashing the hardware.  Getting
rolled by winos is pretty LOW TECH."
   A spike-knuckled glove slithered out of the farther guy, clutching what
looked, in the near-dark, like an electric razor.  "_Gonna menace 'em with
a clean shave_?"
   The sax: "Stunner.  Bottom of the line.  But."  A hot line of pure
energy cracked across its little trodes.  Of course.
   Rushing water: "See ya."  And they did a fade into the smoke.
   The Screamin' Memes were worthless.  To hell with clubs.  To hell with
lots o' things, maybe.  I am now sensing my roots, mahn; dey who are my
bredren.  Nerds.     Nerds as mainstreamed by the grainy but still fetching Robt Redford in
Sneakers...  Nerds who will have their revenge at last, by making the
online realer than our current regrettable reality...  No, I'm not quite
delusional.  I've heard the cypherpunks are already distributing their
encrypted email software, which is quick and slick.  I might even join the
revolution, which is, heh, already in progress.     Yeah.  Why not?  Give me libertech or give me... _DES_?

@_date: 1993-07-06 18:43:00
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: fwd of Chi.Trib article... 
...for you maths hooligans and crypto thugs...
Subj:    The Chicago Tribune on Fermat's Last Theorem
------- Forwarded Message
The following column appeared in the Chicago Tribune / DuPage County
Tuesday June 29 1993 page 2-1.
MATH RIOTS PROVE FUN INCALCULABLE
News Item (June 23) -- Mathematicians worldwide were excited and
pleased today by the announcement that Princeton University professor
Andrew Wiles had finally proved Fermat's Last Theorem, a 365-year-old
problem said to be the most famous in the field.
Yes, admittedly, there was rioting and vandalism last week during the
celebration. A few bookstores had windows smashed and shelves stripped,
and vacant lots glowed with burning piles of old dissertations. But
overall we can feel relief that it was nothing -- nothing -- compared
to the outbreak of exuberant thuggery that occurred in 1984 after
Louis DeBranges finally proved the Bieberbach Conjecture.
"Math hooligans are the worst," said a Chicago Police Department
spokesman. "But the city learned from the Bieberbach riots. We were
ready for them this time."
When word hit Wednesday that Fermat's Last Theorem had fallen, a
massive show of force from law enforcement at universities all around
the country headed off a repeat of the festive looting sprees that have
become the traditional accompaniment to triumphant breakthroughs in
higher mathematics.
Mounted police throughout Hyde Park kept crowds of delirious wizards at
the University of Chicago from tipping over cars on the midway as they
first did in 1976 when Wolfgang Haken and Kenneth Appel cracked the
long-vexing Four-Color Problem. Incidents of textbook-throwing and
citizens being pulled from their cars and humiliated with difficult
story problems last week were described by the university's math
department chairman Bob Zimmer as "isolated."
Zimmer said, "Most of the celebrations were orderly and peaceful. But
there will always be a few -- usually graduate students -- who use any
excuse to cause trouble and steal. These are not true fans of Andrew
Wiles himself pleaded for calm even as he offered up the proof that
there is no solution to the equation  x^n + y^n = z^n  when  n  is a
whole number greater than two, as Pierre de Fermat first proposed in
the 17th Century. "Party hard but party safe," he said, echoing the
phrase he had repeated often in interviews with scholarly journals as
he came closer and closer to completing his proof.
Some authorities tried to blame the disorder on the provocative
taunting of Japanese mathematician Yoichi Miyaoka. Miyaoka thought he
had proved Fermat's Last Theorem in 1988, but his claims did not bear
up under the scrutiny of professional referees, leading some to
suspect that the fix was in. And ever since, as Wiles chipped away
steadily at the Fermat problem, Miyaoka scoffed that there would be no
reason to board up windows near universities any time soon; that God
wanted Miyaoka to prove it.
In a peculiar sidelight, Miyaoka recently took the trouble to secure a
U.S. trademark on the equation "x^n + y^n = z^n " as well as the
now-ubiquitous expression "Take that, Fermat!" Ironically, in defeat,
he stands to make a good deal of money on cap and T-shirt sales.
This was no walk-in-the-park proof for Wiles. He was dogged, in the
early going, by sniping publicity that claimed he was seen puttering
late one night doing set theory in a New Jersey library when he either
should have been sleeping, critics said, or focusing on arithmetic
algebraic geometry for the proving work ahead.
"Set theory is my hobby, it helps me relax," was his angry explanation.
The next night, he channeled his fury and came up with five critical
steps in his proof. Not a record, but close.
There was talk that he thought he could do it all by himself,
especially when he candidly referred to University of California
mathematician Kenneth Ribet as part of his "supporting cast," when most
people in the field knew that without Ribet's 1986 proof definitively
linking the Taniyama Conjecture to Fermat's Last Theorem, Wiles would
be just another frustrated guy in a tweed jacket teaching calculus to
His travails made the ultimate victory that much more explosive for
math buffs. When the news arrived, many were already wired from
caffeine consumed at daily colloquial teas, and the took to the streets
en masse shouting, "Obvious! Yessss! It was obvious!"
The law cannot hope to stop such enthusiasm, only to control it.  Still,
has to wonder what the connection is between wanton pillaging and a
mathematical proof, no matter how long-awaited and subtle.
The Victory Over Fermat rally, held on a cloudless day in front of a
crowd of 30,000 (police estimate: 150,000) was pleasantly peaceful.
Signs unfurled in the audience proclaimed Wiles the greatest
mathematician of all time, though partisans of Euclid, Descartes,
Newton, and C.F. Gauss and others argued the point vehemently.
A warmup act, The Supertheorists, delighted the crowd with a ragged
song, "It Was Never Less Than Probable, My Friend," which included such
gloating, barbed verses as --- "I had a proof all ready / But then I
did a choke-a / Made liberal assumptions / Hi! I'm Yoichi Miyaoka."
In the speeches from the stage, there was talk of a dynasty,
specifically that next year Wiles will crack the great unproven Riemann
Hypothesis ("Rie-peat! Rie-peat!" the crowd cried), and that after the
Prime-Pair Problem, the Goldbach Conjecture ("Minimum Goldbach," said
one T-shirt) and so on.
They couldn't just let him enjoy his proof. Not even for one day. Math
people. Go figure 'em.

@_date: 1994-04-25 12:22:12
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: F Y I 
Sender: James Cook                        Information Professionals List
The Information Professional's List (InfoPro) is a network of
information professionals comprised of private investigators, legal
investigators for law firms, fee-based information brokers, investigative
reporters, United Nations information personnel, corporate information
officers, competitor intelligence analysts, other related professions, and
also certain key resources for these groups of professionals. The
diversity of this membership offers a rich pool of international expertise.
The InfoPro network includes members of the following associations:
   Society of Competitor Intelligence Professionals
   Association of Independent Information Professionals
   National Association of Former Intelligence Officers
   Japan Investigative Services Association
   American Association of Law Libraries
   American Society for Information Science
   California Association of Licensed Investigators
   Special Libraries Association
   Association of Professional Investigators
   World Association of Detectives
   National Public Records Research Association
   Investigative Reporters & Editors
   European Information Brokers Association
        and others.....
Representatives of Dialog, Mead Data Central, and other large information
providers are also members.
This is a private list. Membership is limited, and is primarily for those
on the investigative side of the information professions. This
professional network exists not only for discussion, but also to
facilitate active networking and resource sharing.
To obtain an application for membership, send E-Mail to James Cook at
jcook at Netcom.com.

@_date: 1994-06-21 12:57:26
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: HOW TO MUTATE AND TAKE OVER THE WORLD 
Please write to me personally if you want to express indignation at this posting.  It's not an ad: it's an invitation to culture hacking, okay?  And write to me personally if it interests you.
I, Judith Milhon, am not a fink. I was at the first meating of this weird coalescence.  I even thought up the name "cypherpunk."  I write tech humor, I'm a good editor, I used to program under Unix, okay?  My bona fides can be verified by several on this list; write me for references.  I have a contract with Ballantine Books, bless their stingy but experimental hearts, to compile with R U Sirius a hack/prank
book called HOW TO MUTATE AND TAKE OVER THE WORLD.  You are invited to write yourself in as a character.  We want to present the cypherpunk movement in its own words, with its own cast of characters, as themselves or as their pseudonyms.  If you want to buckle a swash with impunity, you can hide your identity even from me.  You know how.
   If you have the time to change the world a little, this is a magnificent propaganda opportunity.  Rant!  Issue underground manifestos!  Start your own cell of an international hack/phreak/prank Underground.  Conceive and dedicate amazing hacks!  Write the future your way!
   The book is a scrapbook of media reportage, DIY manuals and email commentary starting way back in 1994 and continuing till 2001, at which
time the world ends in a nanotech industrial accident.  If you're interested, write me and I'll send you the year by year timeline, as HADL, the Human Anti-Degradation League [this ad degrades women. This article degrades children. And THIS degrades...] forces the gobliment to crack down on speech in the society at large, and btw succeeds in censoring the Internet, in response to which an entirely virtual Underground appears overnight, one that you can join as easy as you can
say... F S P.  Bam FSP sites that appear and disappear within hours, on
hacked Internet sites, distribute crypto programs and anarchist cookbook-style hacking info; and pirate TV interrupts our regularly scheduled broadcast to bring you today's edresses for these sites (and also very slick computer-animated ads for Stego and bogus ads for parodic nonproducts and on and on and on...  The issues are privacy and
censorship, the hacker mindset, Dada revolution, media pranking, etc etc etc.  Write your own!
   At minimum it will be fun, and will even pay minimal $$ -- like a few-cent word rate.
R U came up with these, but you can whomp up your own identity:
----------8<  cut here  >8------------------------
Write to me, flame me, whatever.  This is a chance for you to engage in some
cultural monkey-wrenching, at least...
Judith Milhon, aka stjude at well.sf.ca.us

@_date: 1995-01-19 20:27:16
@_author: Judith Milhon 
@_subject: stjude? 
i'd be happy to get forwarded the skirmishes around my existence. Anybody
save them?
i'm not on the list because i'm writing 2 books, but i have root in the
solar system, true, and i did come up with the name cypherpunk one morning
as i was washing my cat... hit me like a meteorite... cypherpunk... yes...
