
@_date: 1996-02-12 05:21:41
@_author: strata at virtual.net 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
Mr. Barlow, you've done many good things for cyberspace and individual
rights, and I respect you for that.  BUT...I have a major bone to pick
with this.  I'm not accusing you personally of anything, but I think
this document is going to cause more trouble than it's worth, and
large chunks of it are patently untrue.  Untrue documents that inspire
people to correct their mistakes can be uplifting, but this one
inspires a level of smug self-righteousness that's not going to make
the net a better place.  See details below.
Good call, by the way.   I hope the foreword re: hypocrisy also goes
into the book.
Let us show them how cunning, baffling, and powerful we can be as
armed federal marshals walk into a major ISP and shut down their
routers, as replays of Operation Sun Devil occur in people's houses,
as major idiocy of the sort that only a scared government in a country
which considers itself free can carry out.  I don't know which is more
disheartening, the actions themselves or the spirit of "we're doing
this for your own good" in which they are carried out.  But I
digress.  All the little-boy fantasies of the Powerful Internet don't
mean two beans when an officially sanctioned thug turns the switch
from 1 to 0 on your POP.  It'll happen.  Just watch.
I believe you.  It's one of the admirable qualities you have.
Yes, that's what I'm afraid of.  See my opening remarks.
Oh, let's start right off pretending that a) the net is an independently funded entity with no government
infrastructure and
b) independent of (non-electronic) world society and world government
While we're at it, let's press a monkey-brain hot button in any person
of political power by saying their power does/should not apply here.
This will not only make them receptive to the reasoning which we will
lay out in the rest of the document, it will impress them with our
real-world suavity, tact, and general with-it-ness.
Nature abhors a vacuum.  I assume it surprises no one that much of the
major flack about the net began when it became widely known to
government that the net considered itself anarchic.
You must be talking about IPV6. Sorry, I couldn't resist.  But
certainly the TRA and various other things will be *much* easier to
implement in the IPV6 Internet.  Control structures exist to be used,
Hello?  Are we laboring under the belief that even a scant majority of
governments truly believe in the morality of their rule?  Or, since a
government is a collection of individuals who tend to act with the
worst instincts of a mob when only a few are present, that the
individuals themselves feel that they are morally entitled to rule?
Like walking into MAE-WEST and powering it down due to court orders.
Nope.  None at all.
Yes.  We took a defense department network and ran with it, but since we've
been playing with it for over a decade, it's ours now.  Just like when
the neighbor kid loaned us his toy and we fixed it up, painted it, put
new wheels on it, and now he wants it back!  WAAAAAAHHHH!
Yes, but.  Inasmuch as the culture of cyberspace grows from (as you
say below) the actions of individuals, it grows from the "real world"
(I hate that phrase, but need to use it to be clear).  We were all
raised in that world, that world provides many (perhaps most) of the
denizens of cyberspace with their livelihoods and access, and both
encourages and constrains their actions, from the engineer who
subscribes to a gay mailing list secretly for fear of losing his job
to the public policy advocate who openly posts pro-net/anti-censorship
material to com-priv in defiance of her government post.
Yes.  Though "building" is not quite what I'd call it.  More like
when they bulldoze a section of neighborhood which is actually a haven
for poor families and an extended culture simply because the buildings
and the cultural ways are deemed "unsightly"-- large families living
in small apartments and hanging out their washing, sitting out on the
stoop being neighborly, etc.  Townhouses come up and people don't know
their neighbors anymore, but it "looks nice" and thus must be
progress.  Yes, but see "real world influence" above.
No comment.
You did not pour money down ratholes such as highspeed nets to carry
talk.bizarre, sf-lovers, and bandykin because the technical
administrators of the existing, government-funded networks knew that
cyberspace could emerge if DARPA were tricked into creating it.  "Our
links are already almost saturated!"  You did not provide countless
network pioneers a living from government grants nor complain when
they spent much of their research time writing network utilities
rather than doing AI or compilers or what they were actually being
paid to do.  You did not pay people to build the network.  You did not
provide free access and TACACS cards to anyone with the savvy to just
ask for them in the late 70's and early 80's, helping grow the core of
network culture.  You did not again and again provide equipment and
resources only to watch them become privatized by the core of
sysadmins and techies that you paid over the years, often in outright
blackmail ("we'll walk away unless you sell/give us the equipment and
facility").  And you certainly didn't do this only to see the same
people utterly denigrate the access to those resources and claim that
only their time, attention, and effort created the network and
cyberspace.  Clearly they could have done it without any money,
machines, or extant wiring, it was merely more efficient use of their
valuable time to do it at your expense.
Yes, like "thou shalt not take home equipment from one's company,
university, or govt office without paying for it, even if it is older
or unused".  Or "thou shalt not steal computer time, long-distance
services, etc".
No argument here.  Dead on, as far as I'm concerned.
Like use of copyrighted material, for instance.  We who forward things
from the "experimental" (but going for years) AP and NYT news wire
feeds, the Dave Barry mailing lists, the Calvin and Hobbes cartoon
daily web sites, we will identify them and address them by our means
if we ever decide there's a problem there that we actually care about.
Same with snuff stories about real people, harrassment of women,
minorities, or homo/bi/trans-sexuals online, etc.   Online advertising
actually bothers us, so we completely smite and try to drive out of
business people who are clueless enough to try spamming.  So what if
it's like executing someone for a traffic offense, they should have
read the manual before logging in.  In the "real world", few of us
bother to go to the post office and fill out a card saying "refuse all
mail to 'Resident'" because it's too much trouble, thus passively
acquiescing to the torrents of junkmail and flyers we get from our
neighborhood stores.  I wonder why they get the idea that direct mail
No kidding.  But more on that later, with both barrels.
Ooo, mystical.  My bones are shaking, help me!  Our bodies may not
live there, but our endocrine systems sure do...
Right, only by ISP and spelling and punctuation ability.  This
paragraph is where I decided I finally had to come out and call
bullshit to this whole thing.  And how many of the people on the mailing lists
that claim to be full of internet liberators, free-speech advocates,
people who are "building cyberspace" etc look at something posted by,
say, an AOL account, with the same level of fair judgement as they do
a .stanford.edu or some well-known company name?   How many postings
with good ideas have been publicly ridiculed on any number of lists
and newsgroups because of spelling or punctuation errors?
How many posts with an obviously female account name have been
publicly denigrated with "wow, you must be PMS today"?
How about "we are creating a world that all may enter without
privilege or prejudice as long as they conform to certain literary
standards, have a gender-neutral account name, and don't take potshots
at any sacred net.religious institutions such as 'cancel poodles' (ah
those paragons of democratic free speech), flame wars, and the utterly
omniscient and fair judgement of the net.gods, who have proven
themselves in the majority of cases to have written prodigious network
utilities and made major technical contributions, and therefore must
be reasonable, impartial, and pure of heart."
I'm rolling on the floor, but I'm not sure if I'm laughing or crying.
WHAT PLANET ARE YOU FROM?   Can someone take an anonymous poll of the
Known Network and ask the following:  "I routinely refrain from
posting my opinions or beliefs to mailing lists and/or newsgroups for
fear of flaming, harrassment, or ridicule, even when I am confident of those beliefs or opinions  (strongly-disagree  disagree no-opinion agree
strongly-agree)"   Think about how many mailing list or newsgroup
communities are real communities, and how rare they are, and how they
go downhill because "too many people hear about it" and people stop
feeling that they can participate fully without fear of squelching.
Hell, look what the cypherpunk community did to Detweiler!  I've never
met the man, but I've read his papers and he doesn't seem like a total
nut case to me.  It's one thing to ostracize someone, but baiting them
is going a little far.  Similar things have happened in many online
communities.  "Yeah, there are some real nut cases out there, and
sooner or later a big enough community runs into them".  Even if we
accept that, does that mean we have to handle them with a complete
lack of compassion?  Do we have to be little boys with sticks
tormenting a wounded animal?  I don't think so.
Awesome.  Among other things, all those .sigs saying that the
Microsoft Network consents to such-and-such fees if they redist this
message, or that this message is copyright the Extropy Inc folks if it
appears on this list, etc are just hot air, and those folks won't mind
it.  For that matter, source code copyrights on the net are just a
quaint custom, and so are people's personal privacy expectations with
regard to their email and to their files.  I mean,
electronic privacy isn't a concept of property, identity, or
expression is it?  What's all this fuss about crypto?  Silly people,
those legal concepts don't apply here!!!  Now go read your users mail
like a good sysadmin and turn in heretics to the thought police.  Mr.
Barlow says it's okay, right here in this widely-forwarded document!
Now I understand why there is no fear of the plug being pulled-- so
what if this message is being read on a physical screen and is stored
on a physical disk, with a physical junction joining it to the network,
"there is no matter here".  The fact that the computer on which you
read this may belong to someone else, may be shut down without your
control, may be being misused according to their intent just by
transmitting this message, that is irrelevant!  OMMMMMMM-- are you
receiving this message?  OMMMMMMMM....
The persons we have kicked off numerous online services, such as
Cantor & Seigel, email harrassers, stalkers, etc are not really "us",
so this statement is entirely self-consistent, Selah.
Even if we don't apply it universally to ourselves, only to those
online bodiless entities who meet with our approval and are clearly
also members of the intellectual and anarchic elite!
Why yes.  Bad law on a bad situation does not make it right.  Again,
I agree here.
Cool.  I wonder how much hate mail I will get for this commentary?
Perhaps I will be immediately dismissed as a) not a member of the technical elite of netdom or hackerdom, and
therefore clueless
b) an outsider, ditto (hey, I've only been on the net since 1981, I'm
just a pup; and I never became a netnews household word)
c) a woman, who is probably on the rag
Set BOLE generators on HYPER, captain.  Aye aye!
Please.  This sort of thing is so riddled with inaccuracies,
hypocrisy, half-truths, and the occasional kernel of absolute
correctness that it ought to be taken out and shot.  Where are *our*
"parental responsibilities" to network newcomers, to AOL and the
Microsoft Network people (to name a few)?  How many of the self-avowed
denizens of cyberspace feel like "natives" in the "real world"?  How
many decent politicians do you think are out there trying to do their
job and being confronted with only a single tarbrush of shirking
spineless cowardice?  Yes, I should give up my political career and
the hope of building new housing in my district, getting more school
funding, etc for a bunch of twenty (or thirty)-something
non-constitutents who think of me as a pustulent gastropod.  I'll run
right out and vote against TRA!!
How much do you go out of your way for people who openly despise you
and publicly declare your stupidity with every other breath?
PTHTHT.   Take a look at the hierarchic network structure.  Have you
made your BIND mods yet to allow alternate root-level nameservers?
Tsk tsk-- how will people find you after your domain name gets taken
out of the InterNIC servers and your ISP is forced to pull your
network number or get shut down?  Or rather, how will other people
besides your group of fellow net.elite peers find you?
See copyright issues in various places above.  And what the hell are you referring to by "ideas as an industrial
product"?  It sounds very noble, but it has little to do with freedom
of speech on the net!  As we have all seen, many industrial products
ranging from inflatable sheep to magazines as respectable as the "New
Yorker" don't have to conform to the provisions of the TRA.
And the "global conveyance of thought" hasn't needed factories ever.
Broadcast communications media have sufficed, ranging from newspapers
to radio to satellite TV.
Isn't that special.  Not all of us can afford to go to Switzerland,
We've got a hell of a lot of work to do, then.  Let's start by not
flaming people at the drop of a hat.  Perhaps I myself am guilty of
this-- everyone who flames thinks they have a good enough reason.
But unlike some people, I've never claimed to be a superior being.
I don't know what the "right" things to do are to protect free speech
on the net.  I'm trying to figure that out, like many of you.  I do
know, or rather, passionately believe, that missives like this
Declaration are a major red herring.  Every person who takes his or
her five minutes to forward this to another mailing list or to his or
her congresscritter is wasting time and helping to promote an
impression of the net as a place full of immature, unrealistic people.
Find something original and concrete to do instead.  Spend the five minutes writing and *mailing* an original letter to your elected
official and mention you are in his or her district.   Write a
non-judgemental, helpful explanation of something to a net newcomer.
Install PGP on your roomate's machine and teach him/her how to use
it. Take an hour to write and post a refutation to a meme which you think will harm the net community.  Just go DO something.
It's a hard thing to face, that armed persons might come to your door
and shut down your livelihood and your main access to your chosen
community of friends, and possibly shoot you or your loved ones in the process.  The sooner we face and deal with that fear in ourselves,
and use that transformative power to direct our actions for individual
and collective freedom, the better.  Pretending we are ruling a
powerful invisible empire which is immune to violence is not the way
to get there.  Get real about the virtual.
M. Strata Rose
strata at virtual.net
Copyright 1996 M. Strata Rose.  This message may be forwarded in its
entirety as long as this notice is retained.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
M. Strata Rose                                  strata at virtual.net
VirtualNet Consulting                		408-534-3714
Unix & Internet Administration since 1983                    ***   Better Business Bureau member ***

@_date: 1996-02-13 14:11:07
@_author: strata at virtual.net 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
Oh, hey, no problem.
You're not the only one, despite the explicit reference in the document.
Whether I like it or not, this industry is largely centered around and
run by men.  I always got a kick out of people's assumptions that my
resume and my writing must "naturally" belong to a guy.  Apparently
the dominant paradigm thinks I'm holding my own in the rat race.
I learned to take it as a compliment years ago; the same thing
happened in 3 out of 5 phone screenings for job interviews.  What's really been entertaining is where we did email prescreening and
I showed up for an interview and got to watch someone's mental
transmission popping its syncromesh for a moment.    They always
recover quickly and continue the shift into "interview mode", and I
get that nice warm glow of having broadened someone's horizons.

@_date: 1996-02-14 17:15:31
@_author: strata at virtual.net 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
A well-thought out set of replies, but entirely within your line of thinking.
I apologize for not replying to your point by point, but I still have to keep
my typing to a minimum due to RSI.  I traded a work day for my Refutation
(in typing time).
I believe that you and I are working with either a subset or an almost
disjoint set of facts in relation to each other on the subjects of the
origins of the net, Operation Sun Devil, subsequent seizures, the operation
of the IETF and InterNIC, and how physical routing policy can be used to
easily implement gag orders.  Rather than have us attempt to educate each
other via back-and-forth messages, I will go back and re-examine some source
material on each of these issues over the next few weeks.  If my opinions
change, I will post them to you and to this list.  In the meantime, let us
merely agree to disagree; your mind is clearly made up, as is mine.

@_date: 2001-04-04 09:21:23
@_author: Strata Rose Chalup 
@_subject: [Fwd: Fw: Jeff Lotspiech, IBM * Content Protection * W4:15 Gates B03] 
Short notice, but maybe time enough to send informed hecklers?
