
@_date: 2001-08-29 04:58:42
@_author: JAGnik 
@_subject: JAG:  The Show, The Cast and Crew, The Convention 
To remove your address from our mailing database please click the following link
 at toad.com PRESS RELEASE Date: August 19, 2001
Organization: JAGnik Association
PO Box 2000
Florence, Arizona 85232-2000
Contact: Barbara Badeaux
Convention Coordinator
Phone: (520) 868-1994
Email: Convention at JAGniik.com
Web Site: "JAG" Fans Worldwide Gather To Celebrate The Hit TV Series
Florence, AZ, August 19, 2001 - On October 12th through the 15th at the Four Points Sheraton LAX in Los Angeles join die-hard JAGnik fans from the United States, Australia, Denmark, England, Italy and elsewhere to meet the stars and celebrate their enthusiasm for the hit TV series, "JAG," the story of the United States Navy's Judge Advocate General's program, at the JAGnik Invasion 2001.
For six years and running, JAG, the overwhelmingly popular CBS television military drama has riveted millions of diehard viewers to their seats with outstanding programming. Terrorism, rape, murder, UFO's, women's rights, the Gulf War - JAG tackles them all like no other TV series has ever done. Now meet the stars, directors, writers, get autographs, and find out how they do it. If you are JAG fan, you can't miss this! The JAGnik 2001 convention - the 2nd one of its kind -- will host panel discussions with the cast and crew of JAG, as well as autograph sessions, a charity auction, and a "Charity Brunch" with the stars of one of the most popular programs ever produced. JAG's "Top Gun" stars are expected to be there. Heartthrobs David James Elliot as Lt. Cmdr Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Catherine Bell as Lt. Colonel Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, who portray military legal eagles who investigate, prosecute, and defend Navy and Marine personnel around the world. Together with Patrick Labyorteaux (Lt. Bud Roberts, Jr.), John M. Jackson (Admiral, former Navy SEAL, Chegwidden), Karri Turner (Lt. jg Harriet Sims), Randy Vasquez (Gunny Victor Valendiz), Chuck Carrington (PO3 Tiner), and Trevor Goddard (Mic Brumbly) the lawyers explore issues facing today's military personnel. Schedules permitting, many of them plan to be there for you to meet. Meet people behind the cameras - writers, production staff - along with recurring stars and occasional guests too. Participate in panel discussions. Let them tell you how JAG develops from an idea into a one-hour action packed finished product. The autograph sessions, auction, and brunch will give the fans a chance to get to know and talk with the stars who portray their favorite characters. Go to on site locations where it really happens.
Jagnik Invasion 2001 will be held October 12 - 15 at the Four Points Sheraton LAX in Los Angeles, CA. Information about the convention can be found at our website,  or by calling Barbara Badeaux at (520) 868-1994, or writing JAGnik Association, PO Box 2000, Florence, Arizona 85232-2000.
We comply with proposed federal legislation regarding unsolicited commercial e-mail by providing you with a method for your e-mail address to be permanently removed from our database and any future  mailings from our company.  To remove your address from our mailing database please click the following link
 at toad.com
