
@_date: 2006-06-13 10:35:37
@_author: Susan Landau 
@_subject: report on security risks of applying CALEA to VoIP 
Below you'll find an executive summary of "Security Implications of
Applying the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act to Voice
over IP," by Steve Bellovin, Matt Blaze, Ernie Brickell, Clint Brooks,
Cerf, Whit Diffie, Susan Landau, Jon Peterson, John Treichler.
The full report is at:
Security Implications of Applying the Communications Assistance to Law
Enforcement Act to Voice over IP
  Steven Bellovin, Columbia University
  Matt Blaze,  University of Pennsylvania
  Ernest Brickell, Intel Corporation
  Clinton Brooks, NSA (retired)
  Vinton Cerf, Google
  Whitfield Diffie, Sun Microsystems
  Susan Landau, Sun Microsystems
  Jon Peterson, NeuStar
  John Treichler, Applied Signal Technology
Executive Summary
For many people, Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) looks like a nimble
way of using a computer to make phone calls.  Download the software,
an identifier and then wherever there is an Internet connection, you can
make a phone call.  From this perspective, it makes perfect sense that
anything that can be done with a telephone, including the graceful
accommodation of wiretapping, should be able to be done readily with
as well.
The FCC has issued an order for all ``interconnected'' and all broadband
access VoIP services to comply with Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act (CALEA) --- without specific regulations on what
would mean.  The FBI has suggested that CALEA should apply to all forms
VoIP, regardless of the technology involved in the VoIP implementation.
Intercept against a VoIP call made from a fixed location with a fixed IP
address directly to a big internet provider's access router is
to wiretapping a normal phone call, and classical PSTN-style CALEA
can be applied directly. In fact, these intercept capabilities can be
exactly the same in the VoIP case if the ISP properly secures its
infrastructure and wiretap control process as the PSTN's central offices
are assumed to do.
However, the network architectures of the Internet and the Public
Telephone Network (PSTN) are substantially different, and these
lead to security risks in applying the CALEA to VoIP.  VoIP, like most
Internet communications, are communications for a mobile environment.
feasibility of applying CALEA to more decentralized VoIP services is
problematic.  Neither the manageability of such a wiretapping regime nor
whether it can be made secure against subversion seem clear.  The real
danger is that a CALEA-type regimen is likely to introduce serious
vulnerabilities through its ``architected security breach.''
Potential problems include the difficulty of determining where the
is coming from (the VoIP provider enables the connection but may not
provide the services for the actual conversation), the difficulty of
ensuring safe transport of the signals to the law-enforcement facility,
risk of introducing new vulnerabilities into Internet communications,
the difficulty of ensuring proper minimization.  VOIP implementations
substantially across the Internet making it impossible to implement
uniformly.  Mobility and the ease of creating new identities on the
Internet exacerbate the problem.
Building a comprehensive VoIP intercept capability into the Internet
appears to require the cooperation of a very large portion of the
infrastructure, and the fact that packets are carrying voice is largely
irrelevant.  Indeed, most of the provisions of the wiretap law do not
distinguish among different types of electronic communications.
the FBI is focused on applying CALEA's design mandates to VoIP, but
is nothing in wiretapping law that would argue against the extension of
intercept design mandates to all types of Internet communications.
the changes necessary to meet CALEA requirements for VoIP would likely
to be implemented in a way that covered all forms of Internet
In order to extend authorized interception much beyond the easy
it is necessary either to eliminate the flexibility that Internet
communications allow, or else introduce serious security risks to
VoIP implementations.  The former would have significant negative
on U.S. ability to innovate, while the latter is simply dangerous.  The
current FBI and FCC direction on CALEA applied to VoIP carries great
