
@_date: 1997-12-19 05:42:15
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: Draft book on European data privacy law 
Although not specifically on crypto, we have a draft book on my web
site that might be of interest to readers of the list.  The book will be
published by the Brookings Institution in 1998, and is entitled "None of
Your Business: World Data Flows, Electronic Commerce, and the European
Privacy Directive."  The focus of the book is on the effect of the European
Data Protection Directive, which goes into effect in October 1998.
        The book is available from         I've been around this list long enough to know how much many
contributors hate laws and regulations that govern how data is supposed to
flow from one place to another.  The European privacy laws are real and
quite stringent in many respects, so you may, despite your visceral
distaste, want to learn more about them.
        Of particular interest to people here may be Chapter Four: "The
Tension Between Data Protection and Modern Information Technologies."  I am
already aware of a couple of glitches in the draft, such as the definition
of an Intranet.  But I would be very interested in comments on this or other
        To give a sense of the book's coverage, I am enclosing the draft
table of contents.
        Thanks for any comments you may have.  I'm doing a big rewrite
during the next several weeks.
        Peter Swire
A.	"None of Your Business."
B.	Some Reasons for Data Protection Laws.
C.	Overview of the Book.
A.	Comparing the European and American Approaches to Privacy.
B.	Provisions of the Directive.
A.	Defining the Baselines: What are the Trans-border Effects of the Directive?
B.	Why What is Legal Under the Directive Matters.
A.	Mainframes.
B.	Client/Server Systems, Intranets, and Extranets.
C.	Internet: E-mail, Telecopies, and the Web.
D.	Bringing Laptops or Personal Organizers Out of Europe.
E.	The Hardware and Software Industries and the Level of Electronic Commerce.
F.	Summary of Effects on Information Technologies.
	CHAPTER FIVE:  ISSUES AFFECTING A WIDE RANGE OF BUSINESSES
A.	Human Resources Records.
B.	Auditing and Accounting.
C.	Business Consulting.
D.	Call Centers and Other Worldwide Customer Service.
E.	Processing Permitted Under Article 7 but Not Article 26.
F.	Conclusion.
A.	Payments Systems.
B.	Sale of Financial Services to Individuals.
C.	Sale of Financial Services to Businesses.
D.	Investment Banking.
E.	Mandatory Securities and Accounting Disclosures.
F.	Individual Credit Histories.
G.	Corporate Credit Histories.
A.	The Press.
B.	Effects Generally on Non-Profit Organizations.
C.	International Educational Institutions.
D.	International Conferences.
E.	Effects on Non-European Governments.
F.	Research and Marketing for Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices.
G.	Business and Leisure Travel.
H.	Internet Service Providers.
I.	Telephone Networks.
J.	Retailing and Other Direct Marketing.
A.	Differing Information Cultures and the Dilemmas of Enforcement.
B.	Seeking to Resolve the Dilemmas: Some Policy Recommendations.
Authorities. Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
(614) 292-2547
mailto:swire.1 at osu.edu
 (revised site now includes draft
      book on European Privacy Directive and Internet Privacy Page)

@_date: 1997-07-11 06:42:39
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
So far as I know, the agreement has no legal effect until and unless
a bill is enacted in Congress. Once a bill is enacted, there can obviously
be far-reaching ramifications.  For instance, an individual's right to sue
in tort can be cut off.  Punitive damages can be abolished for the defined
class of suits, etc.
        If such a bill is enacted, various groups would likely sue on the
basis that it is unconstitutional.  That's what happened with CDA -- the
indecency provisions first became law, and then were overturned in the courts.
        The big legal fight on ratings is whether any "state action" takes
place.  The First Amendment governs efforts by a federal or state government
to restrict speech.  If private companies "voluntarily" agree to do
something, the First Amendment simply does not apply.  But if the coercive
power of the state forces them to do the same thing, then the courts can get
involved under the First Amendment.
        Here, if the government is too explicit that it will ban certain
speech unless the networks ban it, then a court might find that the
government in fact is involved in an impermissible way.
       The basic concepts are pretty clear.  A contract among various
parties binds that group of parties.  A statute of general applicability can
regulate everyone in the jurisdiction.
       The existing tobacco companies can't bind "Tim's Tobacco Company" in
their contract.  However, if they support a bill in Congress, and the
statute is enacted, then their actions might indeed play a role in
restricting your actions later on.
        Peter
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
mailto:swire.1 at osu.edu
web:  (in early stages of construction)

@_date: 1997-07-11 22:45:36
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
Thanks kindly.
        You might check out my article on "Markets, Self-Regulation, and
Government Enforcement in the Protection of Personal Information."  Among
other topics, I talk about self-regulation by licensing organizations.  The
piece is posted at my web site.  It is also the lead chapter in a recent
report by the National Telecommunications and Information Administration on
"Self-Regulation and Privacy in the Information Age", on their web site at
        Peter
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
mailto:swire.1 at osu.edu
web:  (in early stages of construction)

@_date: 1997-07-12 01:45:53
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: Subject: Re: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
Today's papers are filled with the new "voluntary" rating system
that most of the networks agreed to.  One of the threats, for whoever didn't
join, would be a *ban* on violent programming before 10 p.m.  Networks that
did join would do the rating, and so would not be subject to the ban.
        So, the analysis really takes two steps:
        (1) If "voluntary" and "private", the courts don't get involved
under the first amendment, because no state action.  Yesterday, Camel
announced that it "voluntarily" had decided to stop using Joe Camel.
        (2) If "involuntary" and "state action", then it's like the CDA
case.  The Court looks at the size of the burden on protected speech, and
then looks to see if their is a less restrictive alternative.  For instance,
the "no violence before 10 p.m." rule would be scrutinized like the
"indecency" provision in the CDA. Then you go to Vegas and bet on what the
courts will say. :)
        Peter
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
mailto:swire.1 at osu.edu
web:  (in early stages of construction)

@_date: 1997-09-15 22:39:08
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: unSAFE won't pass 
At 10:31 PM 9/14/97 -0400, Will Rodger explained his view that:
        In politics, unfortunately, you often have to act *as if* the other
side is going to win soon.  If you don't, they might.
        A great example was the 1986 Tax Reform Act.  Everyone knew that it
was too complicated for Congress to understand.  Everyone knew that there
were lots of powerful opponents to its elimination of many tax loopholes.
But the darn thing passed anyways.  Even supporters were shocked.  The story
is told in a very well-written book, "Showdown in Gucci Gulch."
        When considering what Congress will do, remember that there are
12,000 bills a year introduced in each chamber.  Crypto is only one of many,
many issues the Members of Congress need to consider.  When things get too
complicated, a politician might think it's just easier to go along with law
enforcement.  How many politicians lose by being tough on crime?
        As for the 1996 Telecomm Act, it's a bad example of what's likely to
happen with crypto.  That Act was fought between truly enormous companies --
RBOCS, AT&T, cable, etc.  Those companies had enormous Washington offices
fighting a life and death lobbying battle for years.  In crypto, the good
guys have nothing like the same lobbying resources.  Unlike Telecomm, the
very largest existing companies in the country will not lose billions next
year if a bad crypto bill is passed.
        In short, it is quite possible that nothing will pass before August,
1998.  It is quite possible by then that the issue will seem politically
hot, and thus be dropped so close to an election.  But the FBI position
might win if we don't act *as if* mandatory key escrow is a real possibility.
        Peter
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
mailto:swire.1 at osu.edu
 (revised site now

@_date: 1998-05-04 13:04:18
@_author: Peter Swire 
@_subject: A new Swiss banking novel 
issues of interest to this group.  It's Christopher Reich, "Numbered
Account," Delacorte Press.  The  author was a real Swiss banker for a few
years.  Now he writes a pretty darn good suspense novel featuring how
numbered Swiss bank accounts work.  In the cryptography debates, the FBI
makes a big deal about how anonymous bank accounts can be used by drug
smugglers, money launderers, international arms merchants, and anti-Western
terrorists.  They're all here in the novel.  So are the U.S. government
agents -- a bit bumbling, thoroughly obnoxious and self-righteous, but also
genuinely concerned about stopping truly bad people.  Reich also talks a
bit about a new crypto system the bank develops for handling secret
to the issues of bank secrecy, money laundering, and anonymous accounts. If
we are to find ways to have anonymity in cyberspace, we will have to
confront the bad things that anonymity can bring.
generally, what do you say to well-intentioned people when they say the
following -- won't anonymous accounts contribute, at least a bit, to more
drug smuggling, arms smuggling, and international terrorism?
laundering and financial privacy.  Money laundering laws hold the potential
to choke off cryptography and financial privacy generally.  How can
supporters of privacy best answer back to the calls for stricter regulation?]
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University College of Law
(614) 292-2547
 (includes draft book on European
Privacy Directive and Internet Privacy Page)
