
@_date: 2001-11-08 23:54:27
@_author: Shaun 
@_subject: Why do 95% of internet business fail & only 5% succeed 
Dear Entrepreneur:
Can you honestly say that you're earning the type of income you thought you would when you first began your networking career?
Unfortunately, the history of networking says that there's a 95% chance you are not earning what you would like to earn.
How many different opportunities have you been involved with?
How many times have you thought, "This is the one"?
If you are one of the 5% of networkers who is earning a good income, what about your team?  How many of them are successful? Regretfully, you know the answer to that question as well as we do....VERY FEW! Does it bother you to know that as many as 95% of the people in your group won't even recover what they have paid to get involved?
It DOES NOTT MAKE SENSE, DOES IT?
How can so many people who have been successful in other walks of life, fail so miserably in networking?
The Answer:
Network marketing for the most part, is based on the theory of "Internal Consumption." That is, the VAST majority of the company's products are purchased and consumed by distributors, NOT real customers!
Let me ask you:
How many supermarkets, department stores, car dealerships, etc., do you think would survive if they depended PRIMARILY on purchases by their employees of the company's products to keep them in business?
As the same rule applies in the real world of business  ... It is the same with networking and home-based business.  A 95% failure rate makes this clear.
Even networking companies that are truely product and consumer driven find many of their distributors failing. Why? Because people simply DO NOT LIKE TO SELL!
Unfortunately, for 90% or more of the distributors in any typical network marketing company, it DOESN'T MATTER how great their products are supposed to be, or how fantastic the comp plan is, or how strong the company and management team are...
The VAST MAJORITY of distributors WILL STILL FAIL because people simply DO NOT LIKE TO SELL!! You nor I will EVER change that part of human nature for the masses.
Is there an answer? Yes, there is, but you won't find it in any Network Marketing training manual.
Unfortunately, most company owners and their top leaders already know that the vast majority won't be successful. Yet, we continue to see company after company spring up with more rhetoric, promises, Why? Because the ONLY people who are guaranteed to earn any significant income if the company lasts, are the owners and their top people. Sorry, but the truth is the truth!
Forget the rhetoric we're now hearing about selling online because, once again, in the year 2000, more than 90% of all online businesses DIDN'T MAKE A PROFIT!
The sad part is, if we continue to do the same things over and over again that have only produced failure in the past, the result will always be the same: MORE FAILURE.
While a quality product, good compensation, a strong management team, and a financially sound company are all important to the success of any company, none of these factors can replace the single most important feature that a networking company MUST HAVE ... The average person must have a chance of finding LONGTERM success. Does this mean that networking is bad? Not at all. What it does mean is that the way networking has been historically promoted for years with the emphasis on "internal product consumption" (where the distributors purchase the vast majority of products for personsal use) will continue to produce a 95% failure rate.
We have a solution that works for anyone who is willing to work steadily, is consistent, and can read and follow a very simple system that was designed for beginners.  This system has proven successful every time over the years for those who followed it.
If you would like to experience results in your life, email us at < sean_stamm at yahoo.com  > with "Information request" in the subject.  Please include your name, country, and phone number so that we can send you the correct information.  We will email you an introduction about our company and our entire system at no cost to We will not email you ridiculous promises, or UNPROVEN OR FAILED THEORIES...Just the facts!
While no one can or should ever guarantee your success in any business, here's one thing we do promise you:
The TRUTH and a system that will show you HOW TO DO THINGS STEP-BY-STEP!
