
@_date: 1995-12-05 13:58:43
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Clarinet News Articles #1 [POINTER] 
The following news articles may be of interest to list subscribers:  clari.news.censorship: Landmark First Amendment case  4 Dec 95, 12:00  clari.news.censorship: Donna Rice Fights Cybersmut  1 Dec 95, 21:01  clari.news.sex: Sponsor of cyberporn legislation  4 Dec 95, 14:20  clari.news.sex: Internet Smut Pact Reached  2 Dec 95, 07:10  --tallpaul at pipeline.com

@_date: 1995-12-06 13:22:47
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Kim Philby in Washington 
Burgess, Philby, and Maclean in Washington                   A Comment on Clipper and G.A.K. It is historically indisputable that Guy Burgess, Harold "Kim" Philby, and Donald Maclean were agents for Soviet intelligence. What is far less known is the role that these three individuals played in the U.S.A. and how this related to their access to U.S. secret material. Maclean, at one time, was the Head of Chancery of the British Embassy in Washington D.C. As such, he was the head of the code room at the Embassy and thus had access to *all* encrypted traffic passing through the Embassy. This included everything available through the considerable Anglo-U.S. co-operative ventures during the immediately-post W.W. II period. Guy Burgess was also assigned to the British Embassy where one job was as a liaison agent with the U.S.A. It has been reported during this period that he had a pass from the Atomic Energy Commission that gave him 24-hour-a-day access unaccompanied by any U.S. "overseer." This was a higher level of A.E.C. security than held by J. Edgar Hoover at the time. Kim Philby was the U.K.'s liaison to the Central Intelligence Agency. He was personally close ("a drinking buddy") to then head of C.I.A. Counter-Intelligence James Jesus Angleton. Angleton was, to all accounts, a psychopathologically paranoid individual, seeing Soviet spies and disinformation attempts in almost all areas of life with the exception of his one-time bar companion. He might be likened to one of those hysterical Victorian "feminists" who thought "all men are pigs" with the exception of one real gentleman she knew. (The gentleman would, of course, be Jack the Ripper.) I write this not out of any sense that Key Escrow or Clipper are "communist plots." Far from it, especially during this period. But the presence of Burgess, Philby, and Maclean in Washington shows how unable the governments have been to protect their own secrets. It is unreasonable to suggest -- as do supporters of Clipper and G.A.K. -- that governments will be any better protecting ours. --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-07 11:32:44
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Who Protects Us from the "Protectors?" 
Who Protects Us from the "Protectors?"          The Case of Father Ritter from Covenant House         (and the Relevance to the Crypto/G.A.K. Debate) The issue of the need to "protect children" is used as a major attack on quality crypto. The "kiddie pornographers" are described as one of the "four horsemen" who will, we are told, hide behind the crypto. Yet a review of the character and activities (medically, psychotherapeutically, ethically) of the very child protectors shows a tendency for some to be involved in the very activities they are ostensibly opposing. Worse, the public reputations built not infrequently serve to shield the individuals against public investigation of their own sexual activities. Father Bruce Ritter, one founder of Covenant House, is an example. Covenant House was originally started in New York City and located in the 42nd St. Times Square "porn district." The announced purpose of the organization was to protect runaway youth, arriving in NYC at the nearby interstate bus station, from sexual and other predations by the Square's denizens. Ritter soon developed a national reputation as a leading child protector. He was, for example, appointed a member of the President's Commission on Pornography ("Meese Commission.") There was only one fly in the ointment: Fr. Ritter was sexually involved with the very youth he was "protecting." So Ritter's anti-sexual persona (no sex education, "just say 'no'," anti-condom distribution, anti-birth control, anti- abortion, clerical celibacy, anti-porn) covered his sexual practices. Ritter's fundraising to protect the children raised money for his hotel rooms. Worse, his public persona served to protect him as charges of his sexual proclivities surfaced. Ritter's supporters in the "save the children" coalitions did not investigate Ritter. They attacked the youth bringing charges against their saint. Some critics were charged with being fronts for the Times Square porn industry. Others had their honesty and their sanity questioned. Only when additional charges from additional youth surfaced and journalists "followed the money" trail did the true story of Ritter's sexual proclivities and masquerade develop. Critics of quality crypto and the internet demand that supporters of these things answer questions about what the supporters are doing to fight the "kiddie porn" forces. We should ask them the same question(s) about their own movement. Equally we should demand answers to the question of what they are doing to expose forces -- like Ritter -- who use the "protect the children" industry as camouflage for the very predations the industry ostensibly exists to fight.

@_date: 1995-12-12 06:50:51
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: [NOISE] GAK and self-incrimination? 
The rock process was called "pressing" and it had an economic basis to it,
if my memory serves. The laws of the time permitted the state (i.e. often the little village) to
confiscate the property of those convicted of crimes in a court. Remember
that many of the witch etc. accusations were made among the residents of
the same villages with all of the petty resentments, vindictive people, and
"nuts" that exist in every location and every time throughout history. The legal system did not permit someone to be tried for a crime until they
had entered their plea of guilty or not guilty. In other words, you could
charge them with being a witch. Then you demanded that they enter a plea.
Then you try them, and likely convict them. Then you confiscate their
property. People who reused to enter a plea jammed up the entire process --
no plea = no trial = no verdict = no property confiscation. To avoid this unpleasant series of equations, the forces bringing the
charges wanted a way of forcing people to plea to the charge. They wanted
it to be reasonably safe, since a person who died passed their property on
to the rest of the family. But they also wanted it to be unpleasant enough
to actually compell the accused to actually enter the plea. Thus pressing was invented. Stones were slowly added over a period of days to produce maximum
discomfort with minimal chance of an accidental death. (Now what does this have to do with strong crypto?) Well, why would the person charged refuse to plea unless they were guilty?
(Beginning to sound a little familiar?) Futplex's original post brings up yet another example from history where
human behavior has nothing to do with crime. The person who refused to
plead so refused not out of any sense of guilt but from something entirely
different.  If I'm not guilty why do I want strong crypto? Sometimes for the same
reason I want a shredder.  And why do I want a shredder? Sometimes just to
keep the local gossip from going through my papers after I throw them out. --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-12 14:58:46
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Third generation privacy 
On Dec 11, 1995 13:07:22, '"Ed Carp (ecarp at netcom.com)"   Another related issue is what I'll call "third generation" privacy. This exists when I want privacy not for myself or even the person with whom I'm communicating but to protect the privacy of innocent third parties. E.g.:  Grandpa is getting senile and I'm communicating with a second family member
on how we should handle the problem;  My friend Jane was just raped and I'm communicating with a mutual friend about how we can help her.  The anti-freedom forces have tried to define the parameters of the debate inside the boundaries of the "four horsemen." We need to understand that we
do not have to remain within those false boundaries and, in fact, it is very good not to.  --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-12 20:14:06
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: The Elevator Problem 
OK. I'll bite. I realize that whenever non-heavy crypto people tackle heavy
crypto problems, the answers are virtually always: (a) obviously wrong; (b)
proposed 400 years ago; (c) not even related to the original question; (d)
all of the above. Alice says to Bob, in front of all of the other people on the elevator: "I
have generated a large(ish) amount of large(ish) prime numbers and have
recorded all of them. I have multipled two of the numbers to get an even
larger non-prime number. I have done this a large(ish) number of times
until I have a 'large(ish)/2' set of non-prime numbers. The elements of
this set are [Alice reads off the set of non-prime numbers and Bob along
with the other people on the elevator record them.] Bob, go home and pick
one of the non-prime numbers in the set. Factor it. Use the largest prime
as a private key in your message to me. Since I know what the numbers all
are, I'll try all of them to see which one decrypts your message." Bob has to factor one large(ish) prime. Alice has to *try* an average of "large(ish)/2" private keys to decrypt
Bob's message. The other people on the elevator have to *factor* an average of
"large(ish)/2/2" number of large(ish) numbers to decrypt the message. The *relative* security then depends on the number of digits in the
large(ish) primes and the number of products in the set Alice reads to Bob.
E.G. Imagine that Alice previously generates 2,000,000 prime numbers, giving her
a set of 1,000,000 products. Neither Bob nor anyone else on the elevator
knows the 2,000,000 primes that Alice has generated. She reads all
1,000,000 products to Bob and everyone else on the elevator. Imagine that any given product can be factored in 100 MIP days (i.e. a 100
MHz Pentium running for 24 hours or "P-Day"). Bob factors one and only one of the numbers and uses the factor as a
private key to generate the message. Neither Alice nor anyone else on the elevator knows what product Bob picked
to factor. Alice receives the message. She takes the 2,000,000 privately recorded
primes and runs a brute force attack on the encrypted message, decrypting
it in an average of 1,000,000 tries. The other people on the elevator need to factor each number and then run it
has a brute force attempt to decrypt the message. This takes them an
average of 500,000 P-Days to factor the numbers plus whatever the brute
force time requires. The relative security develops because it is faster to generate large(ish)
primes and to brute force decryption then to factor the large(ish) primes.
The absolute time it takes to generate the primes and to brute force the
decryption sets the relative time Alice is willing to spend to get a
different relative level of security. If the nasties are the NSA, then
500,000 P-Days is too insecure. If the nasties are Alice and Bob's nosey
neighbor, then 500,000 P-Days is "excessively" secure. If Alice and Bob are
sweet patooties, and the nasty is Alice's father who runs the comp sci
department at the university, then 500,000 P-Days is about right. Now, if any of you want to waste some time, you can play "kick the newbie"
re points (a) through (d) above. --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-16 19:32:42
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: The Elevator Problem & Groucho's Duck 
On Dec 14, 1995 04:44:12, 'futplex at pseudonym.com (Futplex)' was kind enough
to respond to my post on the elevator problem. I thought his response was insightful and appropriate but that the
description of the problem had changed a bit since the problem was first
posed. Thus this post. I've been thinking of the old game show hosted by Groucho Marx. You would
"say the secret word and win $100." Getting the $100 was easy. The duck would drop down on a string with the
money in its beak and you'd just pluck it out. Saying the secret word was
also an easy problem to hack. You could just read the dictionary. Of course
this hack didn't work in real time because the show only lasted 30 minutes,
Groucho did most of the talking, and you had to say the secret word in
normal conversation. All of this rather "limited the bandwidth." The elevator problem remains somewhat undefined as a problem. Several
parameters are boundaries within which the basic problem must be solved.
Two parameters are the length of time Alice and Bob will spend coupled
against the desired level of security. Highly specific solutions are effectively impossible until these parameters
are defined (or at least approximated). However ... My original solution involved a variation of Merkle's non-patented puzzles.
Futplex stated, correctly, that this took a goodly amount of time to
generate and transmit the puzzles and the security was "not so hot." My mind still returns to Merkle and the idea of solving the original
elevator problem that could be geometric for Alice and Bob while being
exponential for the other people on the elevator. The more I tried to focus
on this aspect of the problem the more I just repeated the problem in my
own mind. I felt that I was trapped in a "maze of twisty little passages, all the
same." At this point, this holiday season, I had an image of Merkle sitting by the
tree putting an infinite number of prime numbers in an infinite number of
boxes. (In the real world I've been fighting with my landlord and suddenly
thought of Cantor's first description of the landlord's dilema where a
landlord has an infinite number of rooms, all full, when another guest
shows up and wants a room.) At this point, I suddenly had an image of Cantor sitting on the floor next
to Merkle. Merkle would pack an infinite number of boxes and hand each box
to Cantor who would proceed to wrap each box in an infinite number of
sheets of wrapping paper. Suddenly, I saw that my first suggested solution put all of the major work
on Alice. She had to generate 10^6 prime pairs and send them all to Bob
then brute force an average of (10^6)/2 attempts to discover the one pair
Bob picked ot factor. This process *might* be speeded up if Bob would, Cantor-like, help out. In
other words, have Alice generate and transmit 10^3 prime pairs and have Bob
do the same. This cuts transmission time by 5*(10^5), a considerable
savings. Then Alice and Bob each have to brute force an average of 5*(10^2) attempts
to discover each others primes, for a similar savings. However, you still need a nonpatented algorythm that lets them use the four
primes to encypher their message(s) while forcing the others on the
elevator to factor an average of (10^3^2)/2 products instead of
2*((10^3)/2). This is still very far from a solution to the elevator problem as re-posed
by Futplex but creates at least one way of *potetentially* shortening the
prime generation and transmission time issue he was kind enough to point
out. I now feel that I am only "trapped in a maze of twisty little passages, all
different." Comment, Futplex? --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-17 10:01:28
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Is ths legal?... 
First, it may not be true. Second, if it is true, people frequently define the ability to do something
as a "privledge" not a "right." As in a hypothetical "Use of student
accounts at O.U. is a privledge extended to the students by the University.
By using our computer you keep to our rules, including abandoning any
notion you might have that your communications are in any way private" etc.
etc.

@_date: 1995-12-26 04:06:04
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
How about one-time electronic stamps. I generate a large-ish number of long-ish random numbers. I store these into a data base on my system. I send one e-stamp to all of the people I want to communicate with and vice
versa. Each person uses the e-stamp in the header or some other area of their
message to me easily accessible to my mail bot. My bot reads the e-stamp and then checks the data base to see if the stamp
is valid. If not, then /dev/null. If so, then:      a) send the message to me;      b) delete the used e-stamp from the data base;      c) send a confirmation of received message with a new e-stamp in it. Thoughts? (I see one problem with this but it should be able to be worked
out once the basic method is agreed to).

@_date: 1995-12-26 04:43:36
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
On Dec 25, 1995 14:53:19, 'Adam Shostack '
 I agree in many ways. On a personal level, I am far more interested in the
*social* are of this form of privacy. It is more a problem of the
data-hermit than privacy. And in a society increasingly generating
narcissistists, I see the problem getting worse. Negroponte of the MIT Media Lab can sing the praises of the personal
e-newspaper with personal filters to cut out everything uninteresting while
culling the world new feeds for desired information. I see this feeding into the narcissitism problem. E.G. Imagine two people who "feel" that members of the other gender are "only
interested in one thing." Each wakes up in the morning and looks at their personal e-paper. She reads nothing of particularly nasty rapes, serial rapists at large,
rapists who have been convicted, and rapists who an uncaring pro-male
system has let out to rape again (i.e. been found not guilty). He reads nothing of particularly nasty robberies of men by women, serial
robberies by prostitutes, female robbers who have been convicted, and
robbers who an uncaring pro-female system has let out to rob again. Both believe that their custom filtered feeds are the *real* events going
on in the world and are far more accurate than any non-customized news
feed. I hope nobody takes this as a generic attack on the privacy issues that the
list is devoted to. I am a great supporter of privacy and pro-privacy tek.
But I see myself as a realist on privacy issues, not as a privacy-utopian
or a privacy-dystopian. We live in a post-Faustian world. It is divided into two groups of people. First are those who understand the
post-Faustian character and devote themselves to getting used to it and
even having fun with the new opportunities while understanding that the new
world also generates new problems (like furthering data-narcicism). Second
are those classic-reactionary forces (from all parts of the political
spectrum) who whine about how the post-Faustian world is personally unfair
to them and how everybody in the world has a personal obligation to them to
move the world back to its pre-Faustian origins. --tallpaul PS to Tim May: I understand your posts on material that is off-topic. I
usually agree with your posts. But I see the issues I discussed above as
far more on topic (even if highly mediated) than, say, the ongoing
discourse on the differences between an Army Captain and a Navy Captain.

@_date: 1995-12-27 05:30:18
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Assault presses with cop killer computers. 
On Dec 25, 1995 23:36:00, 'Kevin L Prigge '
 see Reuters, "Clinton acts to tougher penalties" 23 Dec 95 08:40 clari.news.crime.sex see AP, "Clinton signs porn bill," 23 Dec 95 09:40 clari.news.crime.sex What is most interesting is how far the four horsemen have rampaged and the
destruction they have already done. The internet is not the *least* regulated as those pushing for "tougher
penalties" claim. One can argue, using the new federal doubling of prison
terms when computers are used, that it is the *most* regulated. One can also see how far the combination of sexual hysteria and fear of new
technology has fed into and been used by politicians from throughout the
political spectrum. It also shows how much of the government threat to privacy is a social, not
a technological, issue. While people argue about heat-death-of-the-universe encryption algos, a
different form of hot air is producing the heat death of civil liberties. While cyber-libertarians talk about how strong crypto algos are needed to
protect property and how "the statists in Washington" are trying to take
away their crypto, right-wing pro-capitalist politicians have already taken
away civil liberties. While crypto-radicals talk about how strong crypto algos are needed to lead
the revolution and how "the nazis in Washington" are trying to take away
their crypto, sexual hysterics calling themselves "radical feminists" have
already helped take away many civil liberties. I support strong crypto. I support powerful and secure algos. I see it as a
wonderful development of technology to protect individual privacy. But privacy is only one right of the citizen; it is only one of the many
civil liberties under attack. I am also disturbed by the number of discussions on the list that may be on
topic but avoid *these* social issues, E.G.      Army vs. Navy Captain?      how cheap is AT&T?      Bizdos: confused executive vs. conspiratorial swine?      Are CFS programmers being treated nicely?      Fred Cohen: nice guy victim or swine?      Why Alice should use PGP. Ever heard of bit fiddlin' while Rome burns? --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-28 04:48:49
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
On Dec 26, 1995 08:37:30, '"Robert A. Rosenberg" '
 Actually, with e-mail the problem was an infinite loop of stamp exchanges.
E.G. both of us are finickians who only accept e-mail from known
associates. So they send me an e-message with the correct stamp. I send
them an acknowlegmenet with a new stamp, but ... they won't accept the
message from me unless I stamp it. So I stamp my return receipt. They get
the return receipt and have to send me a new stamp, using the stamp I just
sent them. I then ackowledge receipt from them, using the stamp they just
sent me, and it is turtles all the way down. The workaround would be to have a semi-psycho e-bot who hoarded stamps,
i.e. would accept stamps from anybody without treating an e-stamp as an
e-mail message to me. I hadn't picked up the problem you mentioned. Thanks for pointing it out. I supposed the fix would be to send family (so to speak) books of stamps so
they could send multiple messages when I was on vacation, my personal e-bot
was down, etc. Of course, then family could get conned out of their stamps
by smooth talking ad spammers. But this would, I think, be a rare
occurance. That is, I wasn't thinking of *absolute* security just "good
enough privacy."

@_date: 1995-12-28 21:36:28
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
[Below is the original I failed to post to the group as a whole. Sorry
about the temporal confusion that produced.] On Dec 25, 1995 14:53:19, 'Adam Shostack '
 I agree in many ways. On a personal level, I am far more interested in the
*social* are of this form of privacy. It is more a problem of the
data-hermit than privacy. And in a society increasingly generating
narcissistists, I see the problem getting worse. Negroponte of the MIT Media Lab can sing the praises of the personal
e-newspaper with personal filters to cut out everything uninteresting while
culling the world new feeds for desired information. I see this feeding into the narcissitism problem. E.G. Imagine two people who "feel" that members of the other gender are "only
interested in one thing." Each wakes up in the morning and looks at their personal e-paper. She reads nothing of particularly nasty rapes, serial rapists at large,
rapists who have been convicted, and rapists who an uncaring pro-male
system has let out to rape again (i.e. been found not guilty). He reads nothing of particularly nasty robberies of men by women, serial
robberies by prostitutes, female robbers who have been convicted, and
robbers who an uncaring pro-female system has let out to rob again. Both believe that their custom filtered feeds are the *real* events going
on in the world and are far more accurate than any non-customized news
feed. I hope nobody takes this as a generic attack on the privacy issues that the
list is devoted to. I am a great supporter of privacy and pro-privacy tek.
But I see myself as a realist on privacy issues, not as a privacy-utopian
or a privacy-dystopian. We live in a post-Faustian world. It is divided into two groups of people. First are those who understand the
post-Faustian character and devote themselves to getting used to it and
even having fun with the new opportunities while understanding that the new
world also generates new problems (like furthering data-narcicism). Second
are those classic-reactionary forces (from all parts of the political
spectrum) who whine about how the post-Faustian world is personally unfair
to them and how everybody in the world has a personal obligation to them to
move the world back to its pre-Faustian origins. --tallpaul PS to Tim May: I understand your posts on material that is off-topic. I
usually agree with your posts. But I see the issues I discussed above as
far more on topic (even if highly mediated) than, say, the ongoing
discourse on the differences between an Army Captain and a Navy Captain.

@_date: 1995-12-28 22:55:17
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
[I mistakenly failed to post the original message to which A.J. Stuckey
responded to the entire group. I have corrected this error. However, A.J.
Stuckey quoted enough of the original to have his questions comprehensible
so I'll reply to them here without waiting for the original to be sent to
the list.] On Dec 27, 1995 15:50:55, '"Anthony J. Stuckey"
 the new Second unfair to I wasn't a matter of people selling their souls for power or that we're
aware of it. My original reference was to one view on our society (not
necessarily reflected on the list) that we must "avoid the Faustian
bargain." Gee, I hated to inform them that the Faustian bargain had already been made
and made anywhere from hundreds to tens of thousands of years ago. In this
sense, we live in a post-Faustian [bargain] world. The bargain, so to speak, was not about knowledge or power or other such
things. Those were involved only in the negotiating stages of the contract.
The *real* bargain occured when Faust stated:      "And if I should ever say,      "'Oh moment stay!'      "Thou art so fair!'      "I *deserve* to perish      "Then and there.           _Faust_, Part I, Goethe We are all caught in a process that can not be even stopped let alone
turned back without damnation. We need not like this; we need not support
it; we can even pull the covers over our heads and refuse to recognize it.
But the bargain and process exists nonetheless. There are Group One people, like (most) cypherpunks and others who
understand the bargain has been made, who accept the world, and who may
even have fun participating in a continuing and ever changing process. E.G.
the microprocessor was invented. This created the possibility of things
like PGP that in turn created the first opportunity in the history of the
world for the average man and woman to have privacy as (pretty) good as any
government *if they were willing to provide themselves that privacy.* The
same invention also meant the greatest invasion of privacy through
computerized lists at credit card companies, etc. Now personally I like PGP and do not personally like credit company's data
bases. But both exist in the world and I recognize the inevitability of
both. The you have Group Two people who whine about how the development of the
microprocessor created a world they don't like, that is unfair to them,
that is based on the Faustian bargain, etc. etc. To them, the world says (if it bothers to say anything at all) "Tough!" Now
am I inclined to give up either PGP or my Pentium because these necessarily
exist in the same world with the credit companies they do not like. To use another example: we have the internet and we have a _de jure_
freedom of speech. Group One people like the net, even if it means that a few people are going
to send "kiddie porn" over the wires instead of looking at the old "kiddie
underwear" ads in the _Sears_ catalog. Group Two people are fearful of the net and hate it, frequently attempting
to rationalize their fears by reference to "kiddie porn," "drugs,"
"terrorists," etc.   They want their fears to dominate both the net and
freedom of speech on a global level. "If it doesn't play in Peoria then it
shouldn't play in Denmark," etc. Group One people say in essence that "kiddie porn" is a small price to pay
for the net and expanded freedom of speech; Group Two people say in essence
that the net is too high a price for "kiddie porn" and let us also reduce
freedom of speech while we're at it. As I wrote, it is a post-Fastuain world and none of us can go home to the
pre-Faustian world ever again.

@_date: 1995-12-29 05:50:08
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
On Dec 27, 1995 00:50:13, '"Robert A. Rosenberg" '
  I wasn't being sarcastic with the "thank you" and I don't usuallly treat
criticism as a neo-flame. As you may have inferred from other posts of mine, I am more interested and
knowledgable about the social aspects of the privacy/crypto/anon debates
then the code/algo aspects. I know other peoplw who share my interests but who proceed to write,
publish, comment on the tek issues without understanding them. Getting a
better understanding of them is one of the reaons I'm on the list.
Sometimes I'll venture a view on one of the tek issues, in part to test by
knowledge of those issues from the tek angle. Criticism is first a small
price to pay for the ability to do this. Second, it improves my knowledge
of the tek. --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-30 05:30:43
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Compuserve is Not "Censoring": Look to Governments for the Cause 
Quite correct. Not only does the internet radically change (at least perceptions) of space
and time, it also is producing serious disequilibriums of scale in
economics. Economy of scale states that until a farily high limit is reached, bigger
enterprises tend to produce goods that are less expensive than those
produced by smaller enterprises. Specialized handicraft production aside,
the goods produced in larger enterprises also tend to be of higher quality.
The disequilibrium here began with the development of the microprocessor as
we see from the shift to the old centralized IBM iron to the microcomputers
we're using today. Ditto certain aspects of network switching. Ditto DES
moved from centralized hardware to decentralized software. We're seeing a growing dystopian world where national entities and
non-governmental organizations all seek to enforce their particular
cultural/political/economic/etc. biases on the global internet. I believe
this process will continue for some period of time. At the same time we may (and I think likely will) see aspects of the net
broken down into widely geographically separated locations that
simultaneously have no more effect on end users than the floor at the
central library on which the book we want resides. E.G. we'll use Denmark
to get "alt.sex.granny.gum-jobs," ftp to Singapore for
"/warez/microsoft/win99/hack/" and to the Turcos Islands for
"data.finance.internal.morgan." We'll have all three open and on our monitor at the same time, passed
through an second-level ISP in some small country that decides there's
money in switching and will no more regulate data throughput than they
would try to hold hotel keepers responsible for the content of the phone
calls made by their tenants.      --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-31 01:00:20
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Zensoren ueber Alles 
On Dec 30, 1995 00:04:01, '"Ed Carp [khijol SysAdmin]"
 that CompuServe lied in both areas." I was not presenting a political analysis behind CompuServe's actions, nor
writing a simple personal opinion. I was presenting what I considered an
factually correct objective observation of their actions.   number to version How accurate is Carp's conclusion. Not very, in my opinion. The inaccuracy
develops from the excessively narrow economic focus of Carp's thinking. It
is an analysis that ignores the *social* implications of the CompuServe
decision, treating the entire matter almost as something that would only
interest CompuServe, Microsoft, AOL, and Prodigy stockholders. Among the other effects *already* visible, the decision has: 1) Led to an enormous amount of anti-net publicity by incompetent editors
on the national news; 2) Furthered the development of hysteria and hysterical organizing; ("I
don't care if it is censorship," said one mommy interviewed on the national
news. "It is good for my children.") 3) Furthered the developmet of the right-wing "family rights" crowd; ("We
need to follow Germany's lead," said one official from one of the "family
rights" crowd interviewed on the national news.) 4) Promoted more dishonesty as a perfectly reasonable and perfectly
acceptable means of engaging in social discourse; I predict it will also be used for additional attacks on issues of
encryption, privacy,  and anonymity. That is, I think we will see
statements like "We need to be especially vigilant to make sure that the
perverts are not smuggling banned material into the country via the
internet. This means we have to block encryption, monitor user accounts
even more carefully for potential perverts, etc. etc. Finally, I am not sure that Carp's economic analysis of the CompuServe
decision is correct. The large internet service providers (LISP) form an
oligopoly and, I think, the LISP all abandon hopes that they can become a
monopoly. One form of oligopolistic co-operation is the creation of market
niches within acceptable bounds of market share for each of the
oligopolistic corporations. That is, CompuServe just launched a huge
organizing effort to grab the "family" niche within the LISP market. I do
not have the facts needed for a detailed quantfiable analysis of the LISP
oligopoly (and frankly would not want to devote the time to such an
analysis even if I did.) So I'll conclude here by stating that CompuServe's
market share may increase because of their decision as parents move from
the "family hostile" MSN/AOL/etc. to the "family friendly" CompuServe. If sexual hysteria is much stronger than views against censorship, for
freedom of speech and inquiry, then we may see the other LISP groups
emulate CompuServe to protect their oligopolistic market share. That is, if
*significant* portions of AOL/MSN/etc. customers are motivated by sexual
hysteria and start moving their accounts to CompuServe we will see
AOL.MSN/etc. become equally "family friendly" to stop the customer shifts.      --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-12-31 02:46:31
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Zensoren ueber Alles 
German government. It did not come form the German Parliament. It did not
come form the German judiciary. It came from one (repeat one) prosecutor in one (repeat one) city. I also
suspect the U.S. journalists who reported the news may not know the
difference between a "prosecutor" and a "procurator." It is a significant
differnce in many legal systems. (Not to slag U.S. journalists too hard
because I myself don't know which of the two Germany has.) The news reports on New York City television focused exclusively on the
"sexual" character of the banning, without directly mentioning that other
groups were also banned. "But," wrote Jonathan Oatis of Reuter in an article available on the
Clarinet news feed, "many more span a host of topics, including Barney the
dinosaur of children's television, Estonian politics and the New York
Yankees baseball team." Also included in the reports of news groups banned is the clari.news.sex
feed containing articles routinely filed by the Associated Press and
Reuter. It has also been reported that self-help recovery groups were
banned because the groups also had the word "sex" in the name. (In order to
save the victims it was necessary to destroy them!) How did the 11 o'clock news here in New York handle the story? Two of the three channels stated that CompuServe banned "chat rooms," not
news groups. The third got it right and reported on internet groups. The
two channels who spoke of the "chat room" ban also stated that the rooms
were banned because they contained "explicit" sexual images or graphics
"depicting" sexual topics. What can we infer? No single thing directly save for the inaccuracy of the reports. But certainly even national-level tv editors are not yet sufficiently
informed about the internet to know the difference between chat rooms and
news groups. I'd say that this level of ignorance rather impacts on their
ability to do their job in a professional fashion. (It also points to our
collective failure to adequately inform them.) Second, the editors -- whether under pressure of deadline, personal
psychological bias, or more sinister things -- can't pick up the idea that
the verbal ("chat") and the visual ("explicit" sexual images) are two
different things. Third, the sexual hysteria of the editors themselves significantly erodes
their ability to perform their jobs in an objective fashion. CompuServe also got off easy under initial press inquiry. One spokesman for the company announced they were required to do it. He
also stated that there was no way to cut the German customers off from the
groups will making the groups available to other CompuServe customers. Based on other news reports, I conclude that CompuServe lied in both areas.
(BTW, this is the first time I recall using the word "lie" on any post to
the cypherpunks list.) I also infer that CompuServe did not "roll over" on this issue. The
evidence shows, I think, that CompuServe is merely using one German
prosecutor (or procurator) as an excuse to implement their own desired and
previously prepared policy. CompuServe had, I think, several actions open. First, if the news reports that it was not "forced" to do anything by the
single German, it could simply not have done anything. Second, it could have appealed the decision by the prosecutor to the courts
(or submitted accurate information to the procurator and demanded that he
consider it.) Third, it could have narrowly targeted the banned groups to alt.binary
groups dealing with sexual issues. Fourth, it could have easily used software to cut off the feed to Germany. It did none of these things. It cut off all customers to an enormous number
of groups. It inferrentially violated property rights (i.e. contracts) to
customers promised internet access and now provided only a crippled version
thereof. And it lied about the whole thing. Interestingly, none of the classic cypher-nasties were behind CompuServe's
decision. The "big statists" in Washington didn't tell CompuServe to do it.
The "hell with private property rights" bureaucrats didn't force CompuServe
to do it. Nor did the taxman. The taxmen historically rarely do; they do not seek to
ban "sin;" they tax it. The Treasury Department's Bureau of Booze, Butts &
Bazookas (aka Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms) is not behind this
country's anti-booze, anti-butt, or anti-bazooka movement. They just tax
all three. (They may kill you if you buy, transfer, or manufacture your
bazooka without paying the US$ 200 (?) excise tax, but they're not out
there in the forefront of those pushing gun control.) Additional facts that will be forthcoming in the future will point, I
believe, to two things behind CompuServe's decision. The two leading causes
will, I predict, be: First, the growing abstract systemic fear in this society produced by a
society in crisis. This is a fear unnaturally re-directed at things like
PGP and anonymity by various political poo-bahs to both deflect the
citizens' fears from real causes and to rechannel that fear into areas
where the same poo-bahs can claim credit for doing the "something" in
"something has to be done." Second, the growing sexual hysteria within large sections of the population
that does not exist in an abstract form and is not being artifically
rechanneled but rather appealled to. CompuServe, in a rather brilliant move, managed to handle both groups, and
blame a foreign force to boot. But while brilliant tactically, I do not
believe they will succeed in continuing their policy.      --tallpaul

@_date: 1995-11-23 04:42:43
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Secrets of the Internet 
we should "never underestimate the power of GCHQ -- when they unfreeze Alan
Turing from the cryogenic vault, good things happen." Not to worry. Turing killed himself after being dogged by the UK's intelligence
establishment over his sexual orientation. Ain't no way they're going to
unfreeze *him* to work on the issue of "kiddie porn."

@_date: 1996-04-08 05:14:08
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Unicorn of Color 
Don't go Grubor on us now Tim. Slip over the border and get some downers to
handle the delusion of "some jurisdictions" that make it "illegal" to call
someone "black." Your gorge is also a lot more steady than you think, so I wouldn't worry
about it. If you can choke down nuclear bombings of civilians, surely you
can handle the new "private dictionaries" of a few radical feminists who
spell "adult female" w-i-m-m-i-n. --tallpaul PS: I identify with that section of the women's liberation movement who
spell a different word b-y-t-c-h.

@_date: 1996-04-10 00:30:47
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Australia's New South Wales tries net-censorship 
On Apr 09, 1996 01:47:39, '"Robert A. Rosenberg" '
 I think this is more "conspiracy" not "possession" under the law. Perhaps an attorney on the list could comment. But I am interested to read more about such "cases." Could R.A. Rosenberg
post the case cites?

@_date: 1996-04-10 18:54:36
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: [NOISE] Federal Bureau of Indigestion 
was shop  shop  Never trust or wait for lawyers, Jim. Go directly to the psychiatric hospital. Go to the back door. Tell them
you're only there to do research. --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-04-21 11:30:40
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: E-mail harassment by c2 
Dear folks at C2, If people don't ask you to be placed on a mailing list they jolly well
don't have to follow *your* instructions to get taken off. You can keep me and other people on "clueless" until we do what you want.
But you can neither force other people to do it nor avoid getting a
reputation for e-mail harassment for your "cute" games. --tallpaul Received: from infinity.c2.org (infinity.c2.org [140.174.185.11]) by
mail.nyc.pipeline.com (8.7.3/8.7.3) with ESMTP id UAA12128 for
; Sat, 20 Apr 1996 20:43:23 -0400 (EDT) Received: (from daemon at localhost) by infinity.c2.org (8.7.4/8.6.9) Message-Id: <199604210037.RAA11637 at infinity.c2.org> Content-Length: 1476

@_date: 1996-04-21 11:50:35
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Welcome to clueless 
Since I didn't ask you to put me on the list I see no reason why I should
follow your instructions to be taken off. --tallpaul  (EDT) for  toad.com  Apr

@_date: 1996-04-23 06:08:45
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
On Apr 21, 1996 17:23:00, '"E. ALLEN SMITH"
 Ridge;  (and, after describe Since E.A. Smith wants completeness re the Zundelsite issue, I am curious
about his assertion about Weaver. Might we know the source of his complete info on Weaver's political and
racial beliefs. I see, in essence, three hypothesis: 1) Cover the ass of a potential neo-Nazi or racist (or both) without any
reference to what is really true; 2) Get information from outer space; 3) Base the conclusion on hard evidence. If the answer is 3) I'd like to get a real pointer to the real evidence. By
real evidence I mean just that, not wishful thinking or advertising jingles
for points 1) or 2). --tallpaul PS: Cypherpunks seems to be getting very wiggy these days.

@_date: 1996-04-24 16:23:40
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
On Apr 23, 1996 19:44:00, '"E. ALLEN SMITH"
 [misc. material against holocaust revisionism snipped] It was ready "in time" to use against "Stalinist Russia" (which, BTW, was
Stalinist "Soviet Union,"). Both your sense of history and geography continue to be deficient. --tallpaul PS: Since T.C. May and others wrote of the atomic bomb being used in the
Pacific theater I see no reason however why E.A. Smith can't discuss the
bomb in Europe. And, when I asked about the cypherpunk relevance to the
Bell/May concern over atomic weapons I was told it was relevant because the
Japanese Purple Code was involved. I infer that the new discussion on
Europe is equally relevant to cypherpunks because of Enigma and VERONA.

@_date: 1996-04-24 16:41:06
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: "Separate but equal" as a racist doctrine 
For some considerable period of time the doctrine of "separate but equal"
was one of the major racist theories in the U.S. People who wish to organize for racist ideology behind this doctrine while
proclaiming they are not racists merely place themselves in the old racist
camp. Their organizing for (and their denials of) racist ideology does not
make them less racist, just less honest. --tallpaul PS: Oh yes, for all the other rightwingers on the net who remain silent
when rightwing views are presented but tell those who challenge the
rightwing material to stop posting because it isn't "cypher" relevant:
perhaps we could call the thread something like "Racist Code Talkers" or
"Why Don't 'Americans' Learn History." Both of those seem to have resembled
past on-topic threads.

@_date: 1996-04-27 08:10:49
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Is the public involved in the crypto policy debate? 
I do not mind being trolled from time to time. Based on my anthropological, political, and journalistic researches, I look
at cypherpunks as a heterogeneous, not homogenous, movement. By this, I
mean that it can be examined in a variety of ways based on significantly
different points. 1) Development (more accurately spread) of public key crypto: definitely
vanguard. 2) Development and spread of anon remailers: definitely vanguard. 3) Opposition to CDA, etc.: Part of a smallish mass movement. Participation
in the movement definitely limited to a small number of issues involved.
E.G. good contributions to publicity; no contribution to issues of mass
sexual hysteria around "kiddie porn," etc. 4) Other issues, like future role of e-cash, etc. Not vanguard, not mass
movement, a "bunch of loons."

@_date: 1996-04-30 15:34:07
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: [DETWEILING?] Re: The Iron Mountain Report 
On Apr 25, 1996 00:17:25, 'Rich Graves '
 The sense I have is that the highest liklihood is that it springs from a
standard run-of-the-mill loon on the conservative side of the spectrum. The net nazis are busy with far more creative trolls and the leftists have
no record of picking up on this particular report (since, if nothing else,
it was designed as a semi-humor piece when originally published in
hardcover.) It more reminds me of the space-alien kidnapping piece on "Penelope Kuntz"
from one of the fake newspapers that the _National Lampoon_ ran a few years
ago. It was picked up and reposted by some of the paranoids. I didn't take it as an accusation. There's nothing wrong with running
through a complete(ish) list of hypotheses when working on a problem.
However, this hypothesis is not likely since: 1) I don't think it came from nazis; 2) I (modestly) think I can make the nazis "look bad" by quoting them, not
inventing trolls; 3) I don't troll political issues for political reasons. (OK, the BABYLON-5
troll was sort of political but I thought the reference for people to "bite
my third secondary grasping tentacle" made it obvious but a couple of
left-wing dufuses still took it seriously). 4) I am a generalist, without the detailed technical knowledge for really
good trolls. Similar arguments against your other hypotheses.

@_date: 1996-02-02 01:01:52
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: The FV Problem = A Press Problem 
days. On January 13, 1996 I had the lead article in _Computer underground Digest_
(Volume 8, Issue 04) on the CyberAngels and how they were patrolling
cyberspace against the Four Horsemen types. Rockland is certainly welcome to tell the cypherpunks list the press
release(s) from which I wrote this "public relations." cc Tim May, CAF founder, chief technical officer, and media relations

@_date: 1996-02-05 03:43:11
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Sometines ya just gotta nuke em-and nuke em again 
"Neither the atomic bombing nor the entry of the Soviet Union into the war forced Japan's surrender. She was defeated before either of these events took place."      General of the Army Douglas MacArthur "It is my opinion that the use of this barbarous weapon at Hiroshima and Nagasaki was of no material success in our war against Japan. The Japanese were already defeated and ready to surrender because of the effective sea blockade and the successful bombing with conventional weapons. ... My own feeling was that in being the first to use it, we adopted an ethical standard common to the barbarians of the Dark Ages."      Admiral William Leahy, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff "The Japanese were ready to surrender and it wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing... I hated to see our country be the first to use such a weapon."      General of the Army Dwight D. Eisenhower These statements by the Allied military commanders were not deeply buried in graduate school libraries or military archives. They were widely printed and discussed in the media during last year's discussion over the Enola Gay exhibit at the Smithsonian Museum. Now the mere fact that the Allied military commanders all agreed that the nuclear bombings were unnecessary does not automatically mean that the commanders were correct. Theoretically, J.A. Donald and T.C. May might have a greater understanding. But both Donald and May must justify this hypothesis with evidence and logic, not mere assertion. Thus, J.A. Donald was perfectly free to write in Message-Id: <199602040622.WAA07274 at shell1.best.com> on Feb. 03 22:20 that: "Paralax does not know shit from beans.  He presumably imagines that Tim is 'embarrassed' because Tim's knowledge of the historical facts differs from those facts dreamed up by the usual crew of apologists for totalitarian terror." In what way and to what extent did General of the Army MacArthur, the senior Allied commander in the Pacific Theater not "know shit from beans?" In what way and to what extent was MacArthur one of the "usual crew of apologists for totalitarian terror?" In what way and to what extent did Chief of Staff Leahy not know "shit from beans?" In what way and to what extent was Leahy one of the "usual crew of apologist for totalitarian terror?" In what way did General Eisenhower especially not know "shit from beans" about this issue, given his access to all available information when he was President? In what way and to what extent was President Eisenhower one of the "usual crew of apologists for totalitarian terror?" J.A. Donald seems particularly taken with the originality and accuracy of the phrase "shit for beans" to reflect certain states of philosophical and historical knowledge for he repeated it in his next message Message-Id: <199602040611.WAA18584 at blob.best.net> on Feb. 3, 22:09 where he  "SCHOLARLY RESEARCH!!!! "You do not know shit from beans:  Alperovitz is no more a scholar  than Zundel is:  He is a historical revisionist who lies even more crudely than the holocaust revisionists. "It is clear that in the opinion of the high command, the decision to  surrender after they were nuked was a dramatic and radical change of  position.  Alperovitz says otherwise, thus he is either grotesquely  ignorant or, more likely simply dishonest." In what way was General MacArthur an "historical revisionist" and in what way did he "lie even more crudely than the holocaust revisionists?" In what way was he "grotesquely ignorant or, more likely simply dishonest?" In what way of Chief of Staff Leahy? or President Eisenhower? One does not normally find J.A. Donald's phrases in civilized or cultured discourse over political and historical issues. His language is that of the demagogue, not the scientist. But he is entitled to use the language he wishes, just as other people have a similar right to examine his behavior and motivation in terms of identical language. We know, for example, that the pickpocket when caught may point to an innocent person and loudly cry "stop thief" in an effort to mislead the public by denouncing an innocent person for the very behavior for which the pickpocket is guilty. J.A. Donald voluntarily choose to present the dispute in terms of people who "don't know shit for beans," who are "apologists for totalitarian terror," who are "historical revisionists," who are "grotesquely ignorant or, more likely simply dishonest." Given the respective lineup of sources, what information and analysis would J.A. Donald present to us to lead us to conclude that his characterizations accurately reflect General MacArthur, Chief of Staff Leahy, and General Eisenhower rather than, like the pickpocket, J.A. Donald himself? T.C. May, while arguing essentially the same historic view as J.A. Donald (or rather vice versa) approaches the issue in a fundamentally different manner. T.C. May uses logic where J.A. Donald uses demagogic rhetoric. (I do not here refer to T.C. May's characterization of other racial/ethnic/national groups about which others on the list have posted.) When I read the first post by T.C. May on the mass nuclear bombings of civilians I thought his post was: a) off-topic for the cypherpunks list and; b) wrong. At that time I dismissed the idea of a public reply, thinking that he may have had a bad day, misunderstood the issue, or any of a thousand other reasons that have led me and indeed all of us to behave in a similar fashion at one time or another. But he re-posted on the thread in Message-Id:  on Feb 3, 15:54 where he  "(I've also received several long articles from people who seemed outraged that I was belittling the dropping of the bomb. I wasn't belittling it. Far from it. The Japs surrendered after the second bomb, so it was obviously not a trivial matter to them.)" I think his logic is at fault here in several ways. First, I think his logic is invalid because it is a "non sequitur." That is the statement that the Japanese did not take the bombing as trivial is true but not related to the argument. "2 + 2 = 4" is similarly true but unrelated; and I know of no group of people who, whatever their politics, consider mass nuclear bombings of civilians to be a "trivial matter." Second, I think his logic is invalid because it commits the "post hoc ergo propter hoc" fallacy that goes, in essence "after this, therefore because of this." "The Japanese surrender came after the bomb, therefore it came because of the bomb" is the invalid argument. One could, to use a "reductio ad absurdum" counter argument, saying with equal (in)validity that John Smith ate a bowl of beans, took a shit, and the next day the Japanese surrendered, therefore the surrender occurred because of the beans and the shit." Indeed the Japanese surrendered, but the evidence by three top (THE three top?) Allied commanders show that the surrender was not produced by either bombs, shit, or beans.

@_date: 1996-02-05 13:56:17
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: free speech and the government 
I do not think that his last sentence is accurate. The primary example os a group that exercises its freedom of speech (maybe
even fights in the courts for it) by holding a rally in the Village Green.
Does their right to hold their rally also include the right to choose who
can listen to the rally speeches in the Village Green? Of course not! Fundamentally, I think that speaking is a speech issue; determining who can
listen is a privacy issue. They are very much *not* the same thing. The separation is not done away with by things like the cellular phone
anti-eavesdropping or satellite cable broadcast laws. (Aspects of the
separation are, however, addressed by PGPhone, or rather should one say
made "unaddressable". --tallpaul PS: Olsen's post did have some good themes on the nature of the internet
"as public library."

@_date: 1996-02-09 07:35:25
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Nuke em if ya got em "TCMay" 
It seems that the lib'ers on the list continue to behave in their
increasingly demagogic style. Instead of dealing with substantive criticism they charge those who
disagree with them are "censors". First Atilla charges one critic "paralax" with "not wanting to listen" when
it seems obvious that paralax is not only listening but responding. Then
Atilla concludes by giving us the code for his mail software whereby he
will not listen, thus doing the very thing he accuses others of. Second, instead of discussing the substantive issues he goes off to
denounce the various lib'ber horsemen of the "liberal media," "political
correctness," "reverse discrimination," "the dole," and "the New World
Order." I sense that both groups of lib'bers share the same methodology. The first group (Rush's "lib'bers") around people like Dworkin and other
professional "anti-rape feminists" have their Politically Correct Agenda
and Politically Correct terminology. If you disagree with it they proceed
with a stream of demagogic and vitupertive abuse, followed by another
stream of off-the-wall political attacks using words like "stalking,"
"sexual harassment," "rape," and "male patriarchal [whatever]" followed by
statements of their personal sense of "indignation" and "outrage." Then
they announce they are no longer going to listen to the very discussion
they started. Until they start another. The second group (the lib'bertarians) have their Politically Correct Agenda
and Politically Correct Language. If you disagree with them to also get a
stream of off-the-wall political attacks featuring terms like those Atilla
used. Then they, very much like the radical feminist lib'bers put their
electronic fingers in their electronic ears so they do not have to listen. These are the people who have the political agenda, the personal maturity,
and the political strategy to make the net and the world a better place? Not from what I've seen.

@_date: 1996-02-10 08:21:51
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Tell me whats wrong with this 
that totalitarian current smoothly Perry: I plead necessity. "The reason I posted my latest tract on why all men are rapists to the
cypherpunk list was so that I would have plenty of practice in case I ever
find myself in a society trying to argue against fundamental rights. I need
to practice arguing against these things under less stressful circumstances
of the current US. Without practice, I won't be able to argue for civil
liberties smoothly and thus might have to obey bad laws in a society
without those liberties. This could put me in jeopardy under those laws.
Necessity defense."      ==Andr*a Dw*rk*n Other than that, nothing is wrong with it, Duncan. Within limits you can
argue in court whatever the judge lets you argue. I am not sure that the
judge would even listen. I also suspect that if you relied on this defense you would rapidly be
convicted. But that,of course, is something you have the freedom to do. --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-02-12 04:41:01
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Strange Sounds of Silence 
No, actually I haven't. I do seem to observe strange sounds of silence from lib'bers on the
cypherpunks list about the legislative body who passed the law, although
they must know about the law since they blast the "libera;" to "socialist
statist" President who signed it. I seem to observe similar sounds of silence from people who get upset at
ostensibly liberal Tipper Gore's godlike powers to implement, as a single
individual, some form of record labels while remaining silent about the
conservative forces supporting Gingrich clustered around fundamentalist
christianity who were calling for censorhip.

@_date: 1996-02-12 14:03:39
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Strange Sounds of Silence 
On Feb 11, 1996 14:06:45, 'tcmay at got.net (Timothy C. May)' wrote (among
other things): especially I'll close on this point. And those I suspect that T.C. May and I are reading the same list just as I suspect
that Alan Pugh and I are living in the same country with the same shared
press corp. But I do not dismiss people as "lib'bers;" I merely call them that. I have
noticed that a large number of libertarians are fans of Rush Limbaugh and
chuckle a lot when Rush refers to women like Andrea Dworkin and her
supporters as lib'bers. I also find that the people opposed to Drowkin &
Co. are upset at her use of demagogic language, private dictionaries, and
the like. So am I, and 	 started long before Rush got his TV shows. I am,
however, equally (if not more upset) by what I perceive as similar
demagogic etc. behavior by many libertarians. In short, I do not seek "to dismiss" libertarians as "lib'bers." I am not a
magician and do not believe that complex issues go away through magical
chants (around which T.C. May has correctly written.) But I do call them
"lib'bers" much as Ruch Limbaugh uses the term in other areas. Do some people not like this? I imagine so. Do they have the right to complain? Absolutely, and I support their right
to so complain. Do they really have a right not to be styled "lib'bers?" No, I do not think
they have that right. Put another way, what is sauce for the goose cannot be slander for the
gander. I do not believe that all lib'bers are in league with the Christian right;
I am distrubed, however, by the large numbers of lib'bers who strangely
never mention the existence of the fundamentalists in the
ultra-conservative ultra-private-property camp. I am equally concerned with some leftists who consider every example of
authoritarian behavior as "fascism" as I am with 'ib'bers who lump everyone
who argues for social responsibility as a "socialst statist." One
difference I see is that I am willing to criticize both groups while many
(but not all) lib'bers are again strangely silent at least the "statist"
side of the equation. I am sorry that T.C. May frequently has problems understanding my posts. Both of us frequently use sarcasm and rhetorical hyperbole to make our
points. Witness his excellent _reductio ad absurdum_ post on warning labels
for every group around the orld who believes that his or her personal
folkways and mores are deserving of unique consideration. However, this in itself does not reduce the confusion. Let me then offer a possible compromise to reduce the confusion. If T.C. May makes a special effort to better identify sarcasm when people
such as myself use it and rhetorical hyperbole, I in turn will make a
special effort to be more sarcastic and more hyperbolic in posts containing
both. --tallpaul Internet sports fan: Go Big Red! Smash State!

@_date: 1996-02-13 01:13:51
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: The Emotional Killer (or out of the frying pan and into the electric chair?) 
I want to write on the theme posted to the list in the message below where
J. Bell wrote "It is their ACTIONS that I feel violate my rights; that is
what justifies my seeking their deaths, should I choose to do so." First, one thing that marks the sane adult from the child and the floridly
psychotic adult is the sane adult's knowledge that "feelings" and "facts"
are two different things. It is one thing to "feel," as J. Bell or all of us might, that our rights
have been violated. It is another thing to maintain, as J. Bell uniquely appears to do, that
the "feeling" gives him the right to seek another person's death. This and other posts by J. Bell and other lib'bers lead me to believe that
their claimed interest in human freedom for everyone is little more than a
cover for a set of authoritarian expectations that they can do whatever
they want, free from any control, responsibility, or accountability. The argued centrality of J. Bell's "feelings" over other people's lives is
something that puts him in the god category. (Thankfully J. Bell is not one
of the dreaded tax collectors or "socialist statists.") Should J. Bell act on his "feelings" as he seems to think he has the right
to do, he may find that his "right" is little more than another "feeling"
not reflective of reality. He might also "feel" his rights are violated when a dreaded tax-collecting
socialist-statist called a cop detains him, another dreaded lawyer called a
prosecutor says nasty things about him in a court, a jury says "guilty,"
and another dreaded socialist-statist chowing-down-on-tax-money figure
called a judge says "death." This is also likely to produce an even greater
"feeling" that rights are violated immediately before another figure living
on tax money called an executioner pulls the switch. Death is sometimes Nature's way of telling us that our "feelings" were out
of sync with reality. But by then it is too late to do much about it. --tallpaul  on simply their  know  actually  to

@_date: 1996-02-13 18:55:28
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: CyberAngels 
see? a See: _Computer underground Digest_, "CyberAngels in Cyberspace,"  01/13/96
          (my original piece on the CyberAngels) _Computer underground Digest_, "CYBERANGELS,"  01/21/96           (the CyberAnels official response) _Computer underground Digest_.  [ENTIRE ISSUE].  02/06/96           (the readership responds) CuD is available as a Usenet newsgroup: comp.society.cu-digest Also, I have been corresponding with folks at _Wired_ who are picking up
the story, for their March issue I believe. On Feb 13, 1996 00:46:05, 'joseph at genome.wi.mit.edu (Joseph
 resonable, The CyberAngels want to do *far* more than "protect only children."

@_date: 1996-02-15 01:12:50
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
On Feb 13, 1996 01:17:19, 'cmca at alpha.c2.org (Chris McAuliffe)' wrote on
the Anglo-Saxon vs. Norman-French issue on "bad words." In addition ot his correct historical analysis, you also tend to find that
the "polite"/"politically correct" terms contain more words, more
syllables, and more "educated" historical references than the taboo
references. How about "Oedipal emulator?" The Greco-commedic impaired are cordially invited to engage in sollipsistic
copulation. --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-02-15 12:39:14
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
Dear Decius, I greatly enjoyed your post on this topic at the cpyherpunks list. On a related issue, I have been giving a lot of thought to the possibility
of moving the functional aspect of anon servers away from professionally
administered and globally known sites like C2 to many smaller virtually
unknown sites. I have been informed that the latest Sysquest parallel port 135 Mb drive
lets you boot off of it, (e.g. load the driver off a floppy then boot a new
OS off the Sysquest.) This permits one to put a linux kernal, lots of
utilities, pgp, mixmaster, etc. etc. on the single $20 floppy drive, along
with an easy to use and understand interface for the "sysop." People can then have a complete mixmaster etc. system regardless of what OS
they use on their regular machine, resident on a floppy easy to hide and
cheap enough to destroy. It would lead to an enormous number of sites
popping up among jr. high school students in the family garage or rec room
through undregrads in their dorm rooms. Access would be mainly through
personal friendships and word of mouth. Makes it almost infinitely more difficult for government to track them down
let alone clamp down.

@_date: 1996-02-15 17:16:22
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: The Emotional Killer (or out of the frying pan and into 
where floridly I disagree and I believe that my quote (reposted by J. Bell) of his
original statement supports me. He mentioned "ACTIONS" and he mentioned
"OPINIONS" but he relied on his "feelings" as the touchstone of reality.
More than ever I believe that he genuinely cannot understand the
difference. He still confuses his "feelings" which exist nowhere but inside
his head with "ACTIONS" which exist outside his head in the real world. He shows similar confusion as he continued to write. his I implied no such thing. If anything, I implied the opposite. Human beings
can assess reality. But they do not do so with "feelings;" they do so with
intellectual reality testing, not emoting. that a seriously. is one If he was not ignoring "correctness" I neither know nor see where in his
original post he mentioned this. He may wish to give me a "logic lesson"
over the issue of observation, but this also seems lacking in his post.

@_date: 1996-02-16 13:50:52
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: CDA Yes Votes; Collection 
minimize lives. Isn't it the libertarian types on the list who are into mass killings of
civilians with nukes and the "socialist statists" who tend to oppose it? How does this square with your view that it is people into "'proactive'
government" who are "crush[ing] other people's lives?" It seems to me having your city nuked is a tad more likely to produce the
crushing. Normally, I would not be the first to post this onto cypherpunks, but since
*you* did I'm game for another seemingly off-topic discussion.

@_date: 1996-02-16 14:47:17
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
Why oh why am I getting the idea that "cypherpunks" would better be called
"cryptoauthoritarians." From murder-as-political-liberation, to the
universalization of the libertarians "feelings" onto everyone else in the
world, to the mass nuclear bombings of civilians to the mass nuclear
elimination of religions. My, my. For a group of people so uspet at taxes you certainly have faith in
the ability of private individuals to generate the capital for things like
the Manhattan Project and high-cost nuke delivery systems!  I was wondering if S. Gabb, as a self-declared expert on Islam, if he might
explain the difference between the Sunni and Shi'ite sects, and the
respective size of each? I am also curious if he could point us to a single written example where he
or anyone else has ever been told the various things that he "doubtless"
will be told? In short, is this important history posted on cypherpunks, more libertarian
political demagogery,  or another J. Bell-like reference to the
universalization of the libertarian's feelings onto the rest of the world? --tallpaul   "Gentle Jesus   "Meek and mild   "Bless me   "While I nuke this child.   "But reassure'em   "As I wack'em   "I love their rights;   "I'll never tax'em."

@_date: 1996-02-16 23:18:47
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Decency Act 
and No, certainly not in the *meaning* of the term. One: P.E. Metzger is an individual, not a state. To put it in context, "how
many [Army] divisions does Perry have?" Two: People publish a variety of opinions to the cypherpunk list. These
have included murder for hire and the mass destruction of civilians via
nuclear weapons. Surely P.E. Metzger is entitled to post his opinions, far
more topical to CP-List than the others. Three: The mathemetician Heri Poncaire once wrote that a properly prepared
scientific proof had the effect of "compelling" belief whether the person
vewing the proof wanted to believe in it or not. Put another way, any proof
in the HP sense has a chilling effect on all belief structures opposed to
the proof. This "chilling effect" is not what is meant by the same words
used to refer to government action. It is, perhaps, a type of "chilling
effect" that scientifically-oriented people would support. Now obviously,
P.E. Metzger's post and request is not a scientific proof. It might lead
some individuals to refrain from posting clearly off-topic material. The
same individuals may get upset at this new-found consciousness and be upset
at it. They might even decide their original unmediated desires had been
"chilled" by P.E. Metzger's request. So what? --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-02-17 14:09:49
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Libertarians and crypto and such 
On Feb 16, 1996 12:34:42, 'Thomas Grant Edwards '
wrote on libertarians and the Libertarian Party. I am able to draw a distinction between people whose primary political
identification is with the Libertarian Party (LP) and "small el"
libertarians just as I am able to draw similar distinctions between people
in the Communist Party U.S.A. and "small c" communists or members of the
Socialist Party U.S.A. and "small s" socialists. While I have an enormous number of disagreements with the LP I have never
presented any critique on the list of the LP. I've spent many evenings with
LP members in bars or coffee shops arguing over politics. On more than one
occasion I've been at the same demos with LPers, generally over issues like
"reform" (i.e. total elimination) of the drug laws. On the basis of my personal observations in the 1980s and 90s I consider
LPers to be far more honest and well-informed than libertarians, just as I
consider old-style Randian Objectivists far more principled that today's
libertarian "Subjectivists." You are far more able than I to state with certaintude what the general
policies of the LP are. But the LP is not the total class of libertarians nor all of the individual
libertarians. While the LP or its majority may not call for the things I've critiqued,
certainly libertarians have. Nor, as far as I can recall, have LPers
repeatedly posted to the cypherpunk list material that is on-the-surface at
least significantly off-topic; libertarians have. And I responded. --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-02-18 03:01:30
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
originating  you  Assuming this system is estabished, then we would want to modify our
remailers to strip IP packet information as well as normal header, no?

@_date: 1996-02-18 08:39:54
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Libertarians and crypto and such 
at without than you've or Libertarians are not "straw men." They actually exist. I've seen them with
my own eyes. If B. Baugh is upset that I have not mentioned any of the other
libertarians (olf the cypherpunk list) that I have criticized, I would be
happy to re-post to the list all of the related messages in other news
groups on this topic listing their names. My "sent mail" archives contain a
few thousand messages. (Aside to T.C. May: this is sarcasm and rhetorical
hyperbole.) The vast majority of the libertarians on the cypherpunk list *might* think
that the people I've criticized are "kooks" but I can find no evidence of
this. I do note that some people who call themselves "libertarians" have so
criticized the "kooks." The second point is, I think, either an error in logic. I have written
nothing about my ability to tell what political party someone belongs or
does not belong to. I infer that when someone tells me they are a member of
the LP, CPUSA, SPUSA, etc. that they are, until evidence dictates another
conclusion. If someone is a party member and decides not to make the
material public, then they, not I, are responsible for any transient
confusion that develops. But I do not demand or expect people to
automatically list their party affiliation. I do note that the declared
ability to "discern" unannounced party membership has historically been far
more a rightwing then leftwing "ability" in the U.S.A. Again, these seems to reflect your ability to reach conclusions about other
people's behavior based on no evidence. I have read numerous posts by
libertarians on the net; who has not! The issues I have responded to have usually centered on thigs like the mass
killings of civilians, murder, and hatred of other people based on issues
like race, ethnicity, nationality, and/or religion. You may consider these nothing more than my "pet peeves." This is your
right. But in an era of increasing global hatred over such issues I do not
think many would agree with your accessment of the relative weight of these
issues. You need not be impressed; I was not posting to impress you. I think then that you posted one message too many.

@_date: 1996-02-19 21:30:39
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Req. for soundbites 
Prez, I do not think that sound bites are the way to deal with these complex
issues. "Sound bites," (a.k.a. bumper stickers, advertising jingles, or more
accurately "magical thinking") contribute to the problem where
emotionally-charged issues are able to bypass the critical facilities. So
many of the attacks on crypto and the net are based exactly on sound bites
around the "Four Horsemen" coupled with magical incantations on simple ways
to defeat the problem. One does not fight magic with magic but with science; one does not fight
bad hysteria with good hysteria but with adult thinking.

@_date: 1996-02-19 21:53:47
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Should *WE* Sue Under CDA 
On Feb 18, 1996 22:15:00, '"E. ALLEN SMITH"
 (say, which online, which question generally On a personal and emotional level I *love* the idea of watching a group of
pro-CDA fundie christers having to sweat in court explaining how their
support for things like incest and murder are protected under the First
Amendment but other people's speech is not. But on a logical level, should we use (or advocate) the court system under
CDA-related topics. I think not. Allen's post has great emotional appeal, but it creates at least one
danger. The first is the hypocrisy involved in advocating something with which we
disagree, like asking the courts to support CDA and use CDA to punish those
we don't like. The second is creating an Orwellian doublethink in politics where we first
advocate something, like useing the courts. Then, when challenged (about
hypocrisy or anything else) turn around and state that we really did not
adovate what we so clearly did advocate or that we did not "mean" what we
so clearly said. Ultimately, we reinforce a form of political behavior where nobody is
responsible for their political behavior and nobody expects to be held
accountable for it. Witness the behavior of people like Rep. Shroeder who voted for CDA etc.
including the anti-abortion aspects, but does not want this to count among
the pro-choice crowd because she didn't "really" vote for CDA etc. to get
it to limit abortions. --tallpaul "Encryption? It is a Satanic drug thing. You wouldn't understand."

@_date: 1996-02-20 14:03:37
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Piracy Bests ITAR 
I haven't accepted the original argument that A. Horowitz critiques. However, there appears to be at least two errors in his counter argument. 1) Mr Anon is a real human being; the corporation is a legal fiction. Mr
Anon has a real head; the corporation does not. Mr. Anon has suffered a
real assault; the corporation has not. 2) Mr Anon has a real use for his money. The original argument was, I
believe, that the tech etc. was appropriated in an area of the world where
no one could afford it, etc. As in: I write a book. I get money for it in
NYC where people buy it. I get mugged in NYC and my money is stolen. VERSUS
Soneone in an area of the world where my book is not sold makes a xerox
copy of the book. The crimes if crimes they be are not the same. Naturally, I expect all the members of the Libertarian Party and the non-LP
libertarians who sent me e-mail and who posted to the list will post
similar things about this fallacy in logic, won't you. (Note to T.C. May:
This is not really sarcasm and not rhetorical hyperbole. It is more
"wishful thinking" on my part. I believe the original quote from Proudhoun was "property is theft" but who
is counting. On the other hand, "2 + 2 = 4" and if my aunt had wheels and
ran down 5th Avenue she'd be a trolley. So what?

@_date: 1996-02-22 15:48:45
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Fuck Islam and the Apologists Cluttering Up this List with Defenses of It 
name) the I must have missed these e-messages when they were oriignally posted. Could you send me pointers to the messages to which you refer? Thanks. --tallpaul "I'm voting for Forbes. He's only wrong about one thing."

@_date: 1996-02-24 11:52:35
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
On Feb 23, 1996 00:19:15, '"P.J. Ponder"
 The exchange of information among many trusted people all located in the
same geographical location (or with regular reliable couriers travelling to
different locations) is the ideal situation for *private* not public key
crypto. In such circumstances one uses, e.g. IDEA, not PGP. End of corporate problem. End of "worry" about problems with PGP.

@_date: 1996-01-04 10:52:21
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: AP Story: "Germans: Was CompuServe's Call 
CPers may want to examine this Associated Press story: "Germans: Was CompuServe's Call" 02 Jan 1996, 14:30 clari.news.censorship

@_date: 1996-01-04 11:27:02
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: US calls for measures against Internet porn 
I was going to post on this topic, especially on a paraphrase of the
(ostensible) original. I still want to, but let me play either the
skeptical or responsible journalist (reader's choice of adjectives). Anonymous has *not* revealled the original source as he/it/she claimed.
They have asserted it came from Xinhua news agency. Will Anonymous post a
pointer to where we can access on the internet the original? News feed,
date, and time of posting, as well as message ID should suffice.      -- tallpaul      -- Any political analysis that fits on a bumper sticker is wrong.

@_date: 1996-01-04 11:30:10
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: US calls for measures against Internet porn 
a "newswires" and "web sites" are not pointers to exact quotations. my
question remains unanswered.      -- tallpaul      -- Any political analysis that fits on a bumper sticker is wrong.

@_date: 1996-01-04 11:48:06
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Will the real Anonynous please stand up 
Herewith is where my confusion developed by Anonymous  posted as Date:
Sun, 31 Dec 1995 18:34:56 -0600, Message-Id:
<199601010034.SAA07422 at tjava.com>: The story as presented by Anon  while supposedly from Reuters quotes the
Associated Press, something that rarely if even happens. Another story, posted by Anonymous  (presumably the same entity as
Anonymous  posted as Date: Mon, 1 Jan 1996 01:25:12 +0100, Message-Id:
<199601010025.BAA04537 at utopia.hacktic.nl> is slugged "BEIJING (AP)_ " and quotes Xinhua News Agency; A reference by Anonymous  (presumably the same entity as Anon  & posted as Date: Wed, 3 Jan 1996 14:47:35 -0800, Message-Id:
<199601032247.OAA00603 at jobe.shell.portal.com> states that  the faked story
changed the words "Xinhua news agency" to "the Associated Press." Looking down the list of posts to the cp list for past posts by "Anonymous"
the first one I came to was titled "first germany, now china" and not "US
calls for measures... " as Anonymous  wrote in the referencing post. There were at least two wire service stories: Reuters: China calls for measures against Internet porn clari.news.censorship Associated Press: China to Block Internet Porn clari.news.censorship Add to this is the confusion that several entities are posting to the cp
list using the same name -- "Anonymous" -- without differentiating their
posts from any of the other posts by (inferentially) other entities with
the same name. I have no problem with people (dolphins, whales, or space creatures, etc.)
posting anonymously. I do have *significant* problems with their lack of
seriousness that we see in their willingness to be confused by others of
the same name. I have even more significant problems with their seeming
willingness to expect me to straighten out this confusion that they are
either too lazy or too chaotically-oriented to do themselves. Even English monarchs, in centuries past when monarchs like Anonymous only
had one name, were given some additional signifier to keep them separate
(e.g. "Donald the Fat" vs. "Donald the Terribly Ugly" vs. "Donald the
Wonderful With A Really Good Ad Agency"). Scientific discussions to which people wish to contribute anonymously are
OK with me; the same discussions that are starting to resemble the
confusion of a Month Python skit are not.

@_date: 1996-01-04 20:30:02
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: bumper stickers 
I am not sure if I understand the political argument that J. Ray believes
is so "RIGHT" that he wishes to post it to the cypherpunks list. I infer
that the answer he is implying is that they are both "full of shit." I have
no problem with humorous bumper stickers. I frequently use parodies of
bubble-brained "progressivism" as my .sig files (e.g. "Visualize whirled
peas" or "Give pizza chants" but I do not confuse them with detailed
social, political, mathematical, philosophical, or especially economic
analysis. J.Ray may wish to comment on the anality of politicians; that is an opinion
over which I have no desire to comment. But to seriously maintain that one
needs to replace an elected official based on the presumed state of his
bowels, to post this info publically, and to insist that the analysis is
"RIGHT" is rather an example of what I meant. One might define cypherpunks in three areas: a) they write code, *code* and CODE; b) they are concerned about anonymity; c) they are concerned about privacy. The code they write is based on algorythms. They are short, terse, and
elegant. The code that the algorythmicly-oriented cypherpunks have written
is wonderful and a major contribution to human freedom. They write far
better code than I have ever written or will ever be likely to write. And you can put elegant mathematical equations on bumper stickers. They can
fit and they are true. The best example might be "E = MC^2". Unfortunately, the other two issues are not subject to the same type of
solutions as is encryption code. The time one spends working on the elegant
algorythms is time not spent on broader issues of political science,
sociology, economics, history, etc. Unfortunately, many do not realize this
and so treat complex social issues as if they can be decided with the same
type of elegant algorthym as the code. They can not. The English language
does not have the compact elegance of C++. Nor is the range of human
problems and interrelationships anywhere near as narrow as that of the
average instruction set of a CPU. So attempts at solving complex social
problems in the same way are *always* wrong, as witness J.Ray's original
post to the group. I do not mean to suggest that every algo-oriented individual must, of
necessity, miss the larger social issues. Einstein, for example, came up
with a mean critique of E. Mach, but only because Uncle AL put a lot of
post-1905 time studying complex aspects of philosophy. His critique, by the
by, did not fit on a bumber sticker.      -- tallpaul      -- Gun control means being able to hit your target!

@_date: 1996-01-04 23:00:57
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: An apology to Jim Ray 
On Jan 04, 1996 08:28:11, 'liberty at gate.net (Jim Ray)' wrote a critique of
my post to the list concerning what turned out to be a private message to
me. J. Ray's points made in his critique are on-target and correct. My actions were not. I apologize to the people on the list for eating up their bandwidth in a
public response to a private e-message. I especially apologize to J.Ray for whatever inconvience I may have caused
him.

@_date: 1996-01-06 10:20:21
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Mixmaster On A $20 Floppy? 
On Jan 05, 1996 19:06:21, 'Adam Shostack '
 I've reports that the latest version of SyQuest's external parallel port
EZ135 "floppy" drive is due on the shelves this month. Also reported is the
ability to effectively boot off the thing, and thus run whatever OS resides
on the SyQuest "floppy" rather than an OS that has to be on the host's hard
drive partition. Weight, under two pounds. Price ~$US250. Capacity 135 Mb formatted. Price
of spare disks: $US 20. Take it off a computer. Put it in a briefcase. Carry it with you nicely out
of public view. Hook it up to another machine and .... Question 1: Can you fit linux, pgp, mixmaster, etc. on the 135 Mb disk and
have enough useful space left over for a useful amount of data? Question 2: Anybody want to speculate on what traffic analysis is like when
encrypted data comes INTO one known Mixmaster site but goes OUT on one or
more "unknown" or (partially) random Mixmaster sites? Question 3: Anyone want to speculate on what data recovery is like when
encrypted data and the horse it rode in (and out) on has all been
physically destroyed at a replacement cost of only $US20?

@_date: 1996-01-07 05:15:51
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Mixmaster On A $20 Floppy? 
and First, I am not convinced that such devices exist in the real, practical
world. They would require either storage hardware or radio transmitters,
all in a package small enough to be undetectable to the naked eye. Second, I do not think it practicable that the cosmic-nasties (of one's
chosen social bias) could, in the real, practical world, run black-bag jobs
on tens of thousands of surburban garages as a prophylactic measure against
teenagers "playfully" setting up Mixmaster sites. The software costs of quality crypto approach nil thanks to the terrific
folks who brough us things like linux and pgp. It is, I think, easy for us
to miss the giantic steps forward that these technologies represent.
Imagine talking to an IBM-mainframe priest of not-too-many years ago about
the idea of something like linux; imagine the same thing with an NSA
bureaucrat about the development cost of a security concept/package like
pgp! Move hardware costs downward and user-interface upward, and Mixmaster isn't
a "black art" of cypherpunks. It is a parlor game for teenage slumber
parties. That's the type of world I want to see.

@_date: 1996-01-08 01:40:06
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: NSA says strong crypto to China? 
Logically, it seems the best thing for the NSA to do (given the political
character of the group) is to send strong-but-not-that-strong crypto out. In other words, they would want the various offically-USA recognized
"dissidents" (as opposed to officially-USA recognized "terrorists") to have
crypto strong enough so that the various defined-as-repressive governments
cannot decrypt it while not-strong-enough to prevent NASA from reading it.

@_date: 1996-01-09 22:47:13
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: A little skepticism over $60 billion 
On Jan 08, 1996 21:16:20, 'Bill Stewart ' quoted
dang at netcom.com's post about a S.F. Examiner story, to wit: B. Stewart went on to remark: The phrase "as much as" does not mean "will," as in: "Lose as much as 14 pounds this month with the newly discovered miracle
diet...." or "Studies show as many as 1 in 4 students will be raped while ...." The phrases use weasel words that say little about the real nature of the
real world. How much money will companies *likely* lose, how many *likely*
pounds lost, how many *likely* rapes? None of the "studies" say. Assuming the studies are reliable in the first place, the only thing the
weasel words state accurately is the potential maximum, E.G. "You can starve yourself all you want and the universe will die a heat
death before any human being will ever lose more than 14 pounds on our diet
and you may not lose anything...." or "No matter how much we fudge with the English language's definition of
'rape' for political reasons, we can't get estimates above 1 in 4 ...." Now we know that U.S. companies will lose something off the government's
anti-export policies. But will we really see 30% of sales lost by
purchasing agents saying "Gee, we'd like to buy IBM mainframe's and Dell
micros and Windows and unix but we won't because there is no secure
encryption program in the world that will run on the IBM or U.S. micros or
under the U.S. OS's"? Let's fight the export laws over exporting quality crypto without accepting
advertising hype from any industry.

@_date: 1996-01-10 22:22:40
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Mixmaster On A $20 Floppy? 
Quite right. In many ways the SyQuest and Iomega products are identical.
However, I'm shooting for the SyQuest because of the advertised 12.5 msec
access time. In any case, the tech is there and it is portable so we can
expect to see a variety of similar products in the future. and travel, I can't answer these questions which is why I started this thread to get
answers from those who have the knowledge required to make meaningful
answers. The major problem today stopping the proliferation of "temporary" sites
seems to be the user interface. Ultimately, we would want something that
was very easy to use and had incredibly simple user manuals (like the
Army's Training Manuals for really dumb soldiers). You know, the ones that
start: "This is a bullet. It has a pointy end and a flat end. The pointy
end is the end you want to face the enemy. The flat end is the end you want
to face you." Yeah, and imagine the noise an anti-privacy technician makes when he/she/it
is told to try to extract plaintext from the shredded results.

@_date: 1996-01-16 14:18:46
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Eggs at Customs (fwd) 
On Jan 15, 1996 16:30:29, 'Rich Graves '
 pet You mean you actually believe the Jesuit/Masonic/ cover story about pet
birds!! How naive can you get!!!

@_date: 1996-01-17 13:32:52
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Crypto hate mail 
most his not A. Olsen is too optimistic by far in his characterization of the likely
psychological state of the person who sent the above message. I just published my CyberAngel piece in _Computer underground Digest_ and,
during my researches, I heard a lot of material as least as hostile as the
mail Olsen posted. The hysteria over the Four Horseman, particularly the "kiddie
pornographers" is *intense.*  So is the ignorance. To repeat in a different form: the word is "hysteria" as in "Salem Witch Trials." the ignorance is intense, e.g. ".gif" is a "kiddie porn" code word for
"girlie interchage files" etc.etc.

@_date: 1996-01-17 22:19:42
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Better diversity through Perrymoose. 
On Jan 16, 1996 18:09:44, 'Ray Arachelian '
 Why not two cypherpunk lists: AM & FM. AM = Attitude Moderated FM = Frequency Moderated

@_date: 1996-01-17 22:32:04
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: remarkable recent stories 
Paranoid, but not, I think, paranoid enough to be true.

@_date: 1996-01-21 09:46:57
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: NSA vacuuming down Internet traffic 
Or simply pipeline it. Bare bones Pentium systems go for under $US 1,000 (quantity one) on the
open market. Buy them in quantity and a private company can set up a
thousand Pentium pipeline for under a million dollars. Easily affordable
for even medium-sized corporations.

@_date: 1996-01-21 15:38:15
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Wipe Swap File 
file  call  programs but  would be  One way: 1) Go to DOS prompt; 2) Change mode of the permanent swap file to make it writable; 3) Run WIPEFILE by Norton, or any other similar program, without setting up
the file for deletion after wiping; 4) Change mode of the permanent swap file back to the original attributes; 5) Leave DOS prompt. Another way: 1) Remove permanent character of swap file from within Windows; 2) Go to DOS prompt. 3) Erase the swap file. 4) Run Norton etc. WIPEDISK utility on all areas of disk not used by files;
5) Return to WIndows; 6) Rebuild permanent swap file. Remember that one simple wipe is *not* secure. Current Department of
Defense security regs call for wiping the same space something like 8 or 9
times. Even then the wipe is not secure enough for higher level DofD
classified material. There the regs call for the physical destruction of
the medium after it has been wiped. Norton handles DoD-level wipes as an option.

@_date: 1996-01-21 23:44:19
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Wipe delete 
Let me "answer" this and another post first by saying, re the tekkie stuff,
"I do not know." However, my non-technical understanding goes something like this: Reading and writing/erasing from a disk platter are pure only in the
abstract. A bit interpreted as a 1 or 0 has a certain level of magnetism
that the software accepts as defining it as a 1 or 0. The level of defined
magnteism is never 100% on the specification; it always varies a little.
How much it varies can be read by different grades of hardware. Think of a simple erasure of data that has been written once and erased
once. The different patterns of writing will have slightly different
values. These can be read with specialized hardware and the raw data
analyzed with special software programs. Is there a cheap way that *we* can do such things? I do not think so. The normal read/write head(s) on our normal hard disks have a limited
sensitivity, fine for normal read/write operations but not sensitive enough
the gather the minute variations described above. Doing a military grade analysis of heavily overwritten data involves, to my
knowledge, first opening the disk drive, removing the platters, inserting
the platters in a second drive with much more sensitive heads, initializing
the new drive to make sure that the extra-sensitive heads can locate the
proper tracks/sectors etc. on the old platter, and then gathering the data.
That is, the first steps in the process are hardware, not software, steps. Now one way to increse the sensitivity of a read/write head is to run it
closer to the physical media on which the magnetic signal resides. In other
words, the intensity of magnetic flux decreases as a function of distance;
get closer to the source and you can read weaker signals. This also means that, as you postion a new read/write head closer to the
platters you significantly increase the likelihood that it will physically
crash into the platter itself with the data intensity of an army tank
running over a stack of bowling pins. This, in turn means that the new combination of extra-sensitive read/write
head and old disk platter is especially sensitive to contaminates.
(Forgetting the width of the gap in the head which is another way of
increasing sensitivity), the level of contamination like smoke particles,
dust, etc. must be less than that called for in the original factory
specifications. This, I think, means you need a physical "clean room" to perform the
reassembly that is cleaner than that used by the original factory. Those aren't cheap and that is (one) reason why there isn't a cheap way for
us to do this. At least some aspects of this service is commercially available today. One
easy way to locate services is to look at the small ads in the back of _PC
Magaxine_. You might try Vogon USA. voice is 405-321-2485. fax is 405-321-2741. They have no WWW page or even e-mail address because they are not on the
net. I don't even think they permit modems on their factory site. I spoke
to Bob Emerson, Vogon's Service Manager, about this. He explained it as a
security matter: you don't get hacked over the net if you aren't on the
net; you don't get penetrated over the phone lines if you don't have modems
in your shop. Sorry for the excessively broad non-technical character of this post. I'm
sure other people on the list can go into the privacy issue of data
recovery in far greater detail while ROFLTAO at my low level of knowledge. tallpaul

@_date: 1996-01-22 21:03:19
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Query over PZ 
Anonymous User had a question over PZ's politics. PZ has posted to the list and thus has, I believe, his address available to
list subscribers. How did PZ answer the question privately when Anonymous User posed the
question to PZ on private e-mail? If Anonymous User did not first pose the question to PZ privately, why did
he post it to the list publically?

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:45:31
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Philip Zimmermann and the Press 
Immediately after posting my message on press queries re AU and PZ, Perry
Metzger's post hit.  I wrote in the previous post that I do not think that AU adopted a
responsible method of getting answers to his questions. I think that Perry
did. Of course the question by both people was (in a limited sense) the same. So
was the importance of the question. But the method that Perry adopted was much more responsible. I suspect it
is also more likely to elicit an answer to the question.

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:51:19
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Journalistic Questions: Re PZ. [NOISE] 
On Jan 24, 1996 02:02:41, 'djw at vplus.com (Dan Weinstein)' wrote in response
to a series of questions I asked of Anonymous User over PZ:: There are many times and areas where people may "owe" an explanation of
their politics. I strongly suspect, however, that the issue raised by the
German (?) journalist was not likely one of them nor was the original query
by AU. I was not bothered my AU's desire for accurate information on PZ's
politics. I was bothered my my inference of how AU was going about getting
that information, particulaly given the prejudicial aspects of asking
questions on the topic to the entire cypherpunks list. I did not want to
assume that my inferences of AU's behavior were automatically accurate.
Thus, I posed the questions to AU directly. Could I have posted the questions to AU in a private message. Yup. Do I
think this would normally have been the proper method? Yup. But I decided
to follow AU's method, particularly since my questions to AU were less
damaging of his reputation than his questions to PZ. In other words, since
AU decided to ask public questions, so would I. Let me illustrate another way of getting answers to questions where the
issues behind the questions are important but the very questions asked can
be prejudicial. I was working on a story that involved how the U.S. press treated political
forces behind the large anti-war demonstrations during the Vietnam War.
Part of the reason for the story involved the heavy red-baiting in the
press during the Korean War and immediately after it. The Vietnam War
seemed to be treated in the almost opposite fashion by most of the press.
That is, that real involvement by certain left groups was kept out of the
press. (I ignore here the claims by ignorant rightwing forces with much to
be ignorant about who routinely pronouced "Hanoi Jane" Fonda as *the*
communist antiwar leader.) My researches indicated that the Socialist Workers Party and the Communist
Party USA played a far greater role in the large national marches than the
daily media credited (or, if you wish, damned) them for. My researches further led me to conclude that Fred Halstead headed the SWP
anti-war effort and Gil Green headed a similar effort for the CPUSA. I confirmed the SWP and Halstead, and I confirmed the CPUSA. But I had not
confirmed Gil Green. How to proceed? One way was the way that Anonymous User seemed to adopt. I just ask a large
number of different people if Green did. I was uncomfortable with that method. First, even suggesting that somebody is a member of the CPUSA tends to
injure their reputation if they are not members. Second, the people I asked may not have known shit about whether Green was,
or was, not the leader. So, I did some more research, got Green's home phone number and gave him a
call. At this point, Green did not owe me shit. He could have easily told me to
"fuck off!" I told him who I was, what I was researching, why I was researching the
story, and provided enough information for Green to know how I got his home
phone number. He asked me a few questions that permitted him to get some confirmation of
the material about me I had just spoken about. Did I owe Green answers to his questions? Under contract law, no. But I
think at some point along the line I had at least *some* obligation
ethically to answer his questions. In any case, I answered his few questions sufficiently for him to invite me
over to his apartment and I got the information I wanted in the course of
about a two-hour interview. That I think was a responsible way of getting the answer to my question. It
was responsible to my editor, responsible to my readers, and responsible to
my (potential) source. I do not think it likely that AU behaved in an equally responsible manner. But neither had anything to do with what PZ did, or did not, "owe" people.

@_date: 1996-01-26 08:50:13
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: PGP in Eudora and other mail programs 
much think [REPOSTED FROM ALT.PRIVACY.ANON-SERVER] I then posted to alt.privacy.anon-server the following preliminary review: I downloaded a trial version of John-Doe and have been playing with it for
a day. Herewith my initial impressions of it: Downloading it from the source: as described. easy. Performing basic installation on my hard disk: essentially automated.
should not trouble or even hassle anyone with even a marginal knowledge of
Windows. Performing installation as WinsockApp in my Pipeline e-mail software:
moderately easy to impossible. Pipeline uses an odd e-mail system that
automatically fills an empty SUBJECT field with the phrase "[NO SUBJECT]"
that jams everything and caused every test message I sent to bounce back to
me. However, I then downloaded a copy of Eudora Light to use with John-Doe.
This seems to be working. I really hated the need to do this and the extra
hassle but it is not a specific bug in John-Doe. (On the other hand Steve,
since installation programs are constantly being improved even to deal with
other company's brain-damaged software ... Hint, hint, hint...) Does it work as Steve says: as far as I can tell, yes. Overall impressions (very preliminary): John-Doe is a classical example of
how elite technology pulls mass technology in its wake. PZ developed PGP
and got it widely out, even if the command line structure kept most people
from learning it. Then other people (penet not included here) developed
Mixmaster etc. tech that worked well but was so complex that only an
estimated 500 people worldwide could use it. Then other people developed
front ends for PGP etc., like PGPSH and Private Idaho. Finally, people like
Steve develop real front ends for the complex tech that puts the ability to
use the previously elite tech in the hands of people who want the earlier
complexity to disappear. I suspect that John-Doe will go through the normal new-product cycle --
discovery of bugs, slight improvements, and then better integration of user
needs. Ultimately, as the product matures, I think that Steve's John Doe
will be seen as a revolutionary development in privacy equal to (in a far
less technical but more end-user way) PZ's original PGP.

@_date: 1996-01-28 01:26:11
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
I missed Tim's post of Jan 24, 1996 23:18:21, where he wrote, among other
things:: sites? My dystopian sense leads me to believe that there will be an international
treaty banning them. I speak to some agricultural-utopians today who believe the world's
problems can be solved if hemp is legalized. They describe the process
where it was made illegal. Essentially one individual in the government,
"Drug czar" Harry Anslem (?) whipped up a global hysteria and got an
international treaty passed against the hemp trade. I suspect the hysteria over the Four Horsemen is already more extreme
internationally than Anslem's hysteria ever was. I see two strategies existing over issues of anonymity/remailers/etc. The first is the elite one (and I do not use the word in a derogatory
sense.) It focuses on a limited number of remailers, located in different
countries, and all internationally known. The second is what I call the "mass strategy" (and I hope that the
libertarians on the cypherpunk list do not treat the word in a derogatory
sense). Luckily for all of us the two strategies are in no way mutually
contradictory. If anything they tend to reinforce each other. I see PZ's development of PGP as the first development in the mass
strategy. Before PZ, quality crypto was limited to monarchs and
bureaucrats. After PZ, the same (or even superior) crypto was made
available, both technologically and monetarily, to almost everyone in the
world. Linux was another mass strategy development. So was the development of new replaceable 100+ Mb drives likes those from
IOmega and Syquest. So was the development of front-ends for the PGP/remailer combinations like
Private Idaho and John-Doe. So does the development of new data transmission technologies, marked by
the simultaneous increase of bandwidth and decrease in costs. These developments create the technological basis for the mass
proliferation of remailers. At present we rely on elite remailers, marked by skilled sysops and a
global knowledge of the location of the system. I would like to see a system of mass remailers, many-to-most of which will
initially not be up for very long. For many people this will not be a
significant problem as the remailers proliferate faster than others go
down. In other words, I think we will see a time when Captain Boneblood (aka
Billie Smith, age 13) uses the remailer provided by Baron SkuelDrool (aka
Tom Jones, age 14) running off SkuelDrool Sr's computer in the SkruelDrool
family rec-room of Suburbia USA. The SkuelDrool remailer might never be up for more than a month and will
never be widely known outside the narrow circle of the in-crowd at Warren
G. Harding Jr. High. But before the SKuelDrool remailer goes down, another
two remailers go up at Dan Quail Jr. Collitch and Aaron Burr Sr. High. The mass remailer network will never replace the elite remailers that will
always have technological advantages over the mass network. But the combination of elite and mass remailers will make government
crackdowns -- whether local, nationa, or international -- much harder.

@_date: 1996-01-28 09:28:37
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: John Doe 
No, I am not jdoe-0007. We satanic-socialist-statists all use preliminary trial copies of JOHN-DOE
set to jdoe-666. It is in our contract with the Sales Rep of Darkness and we are widely
known for always respecting contracts. Look out UNIX users! With JOHN-DOE us WINDOZE users under the leadership of
our glorius Chairman Bill are gonna' get the rest of your body too! (Unlike jdoe-0007 I think $25 is a very low price to pay for the new
capacity. What the hell! We're not gonna' pay for it out of our own lazy
pockets. We'll raise the tax on hot tubs and get other people to buy it for
us.)

@_date: 1996-01-28 22:09:07
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: NWLibs> Re: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
On Jan 28, 1996 02:17:11, 'Rich Graves '
 I don't understand the crypto-relevance of this, but since it was posted: 1) What "anarchist" group featured a photo of Che Guevara; 2) When did the KKK that at one time proudly had Sheriff's. Judges, and
Governor's as members become "Anarchist"?

@_date: 1996-03-06 12:55:11
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: (Fwd) Gov't run anon servers 
such I had written on similar things over the past few months, on the "$20
Mixmaster" post. New hardware drives with replaceable media in the 100+ Mb
range has developed. The Syquest 135 Mb drive, featured in the latest issue
of _PC Mag_ can, with the parallel port version, reportedly boot. This means one can have the drive that weighs about two pounds and a $20
disk, place another OS on the disk, and have a very portable remailer
system. I viewed the whole thing as more geared to the amateur market, whereby jr.
high school students and the like could set up their own remailers, known
only to a "small circle of friends." T.C. May's theory of the commercial "mom and pop" version is just as valid.
One major way to "increase the noise level" is to greatly increase the
number of remailer, especially small ones that may come and go based on
little more than word of mouth advertising. Imagine two scenarios. In scenario one, the are two or three large xerox stores in a city. All
advertise in the yellow pages and are known throughout the city as the
place you go to have your xeroxing done. They all do a tremendous volumn of
business. In scenario two, there are an enormous number of small stores with xerox
machines, large numbers of home offices with the machines, and large
numbers of people with word-of-mouth knowledge of friends with machines to
use. What society is easier to crackdown on? --tallpaul PS: A week or two ago, someone posted a notice of anon remailers under
Windows that was in alpha test and due in beta in about a month. Same
thing. Same benefit.

@_date: 1996-03-08 23:24:30
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: No Subject 
two-pound hide Indeed this would be a technologically superior system. The system I'm
thinking of, however, has a capital startup cost of under $250. wants domain I am not entirely sure how the whole domian name etc. issue will be handled
as numbered accounts fill up. I am also discussing with friends the idea of
the no-domain-name style, similar to penet.fi with various forms of REQUEST
REMAILING TO.... In other words, this or that person acts as a (perhaps temporary) remailer
from their regular account, gets the material encrypted, and massages it in
various ways before sending it out. The point is to increase entropy by
creating the technological base for an enormous proliferation of
remailer/anon tech at the lowest possible price. Internationally know "elite" (in the good sense of the word) remailers are
by definition known, and thus easy to monitor. Mixmaster etc sites popping
up from the home computers in the rec rooms of suburbia are not. --tallpaul

@_date: 1996-03-10 03:22:55
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Bootable disks 
My understanding was that the parallel-port version of the Syquest drive
would also be bootable. That is, you would boot the driver off a floppy and
then the rest of the boot sequence would be handled by whatever was on the
Syquest drive. THis, I thought, would let you install something like linux and the various
other software to give you a very portable anon server, neatly containing a
separate OS and all the "incriminating evidence" while the regular hard
disk held nothing other than Windows and Doom. Is this not the case? --tallpaul  that removed a of annoying

@_date: 1996-05-02 08:47:52
@_author: tallpaul 
@_subject: Nazis on the Net 
I stand behind my original post and the analysis in it. I am amused at the tremendous attempts by people with certain political
affinities to bail out Weaver by a series of arguments based either on
profound ignorance of political realities or with their own private
dictionaries. The whole argument of racism vs. white separatism vs. white suppremicist
seems more to come from people who argue whether someone is a Baptist or a
Christian or a Southern Baptist or a Protestant. (In mathematical set
theory one would trace the fallacy in thinking to the false idea that any
given element of a set cannot be the element of more than one set. Thus, if
(X is a member of Y) it cannot also be a member of Z.) I understand that James D. is not accusing me of being a "child molester"
but merely using it as a reductio ad adsurdem argument. Let me continue in this vein. The issue of  child molestation was dragged in and had no relevance on the
immediate political isues of Weaver et al. But imagine people are arguing about the deep fundamental differnces
between someone who is a "child molester" vs. a "pedophile" vs. a "boy
lover." --tallpaul
