
@_date: 1998-11-15 03:49:00
@_author: Todd Boyle 
@_subject: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
I don't altogether enjoy living in the world I've created.  My
intent in posting my ideas is so that they'll either be verified,
or be neutralized or corrected by enzymes on your excellent list!  But I'm still stuck on these points:
 * Thieves exist in large numbers, throughout the world including my
     own immediate area.  Many more potential thieves in line, behind them.
 * If thieves could hide the money they stole, there would be substantial
    increase in frequency and severity of theft; mostly fraud, employee
    embezzlement, and white collar theft but also blatant scams and
    grift that is impractical today.  We're already seeing annual increases
    in embezzlement in the Seattle area from 10-50% over the last 10 years,
    getting similar to the rates around Los Angeles, for example.
 * Reducing trackability of money increases the severity and frequency
    of collusive crimes.  Large-scale political corruption, kickbacks
    and monopolies in the commercial sector, and a whole range of
    outright criminal blackmail become harder to prosecute.  With
    DBS you wouldn't be able to prove a damned thing.
 * The biggest single financial problem I have is mandatory levies
     (tax, utilities, monopolies) by the corrupt government. Your
     DBS will make this much worse by making it even easier to
     channel cash to politicians.
 * Fraud, embezzlement and corruption are in riotous equilibrium.  DBS
     reduces pressure on laundering, requiring other measures that hit
     my civil liberties somewhere else (physical IDs, cops, etc.)
 * Untraceable money *obviously* reduces tax collections.  What the IRS
     fails to collect from tax dodgers, eventually, I must pay more.
You seem to have a subconscious belief that DBS will shrink the government
sector.  This is a false assumption.  The government long ago achieved the
power to tax *as much as it wants*.  There is no natural immunity in our
culture or legal system.
The public sector has stabilized at 25% or 35% of the GNP, which is
apparently the maximum the animal can tolerate without falling over dead
(people striking, quitting work, and business moving overseas.)
Gimmicks like DBS will certainly not reduce the public sector in our
lifetimes. It will require an evolution in individual awareness and
In mean time, managing the out-of-control government sector is your civic
duty, to your less intelligent wives, pensioners, and children and
neighbors. The preferred way to manage the governmt is the democratic
process, and public discourse and debate such as this list.
Breaking ranks and disobeying the law breeds further breakdown in
obedience of the whole legal framework.  There are lots of dumber and more
dangerous elements in the population.  The system is already *quite*
unfair to them.  When the superintelligent can steal through high-tech
money schemes, and the wealthy classes violate their own legal framework,
why shouldn't the thief just come and steal our cars, or fuck your daughter?
Frankly, we need laws, a lot more than we need DBS.
Now, what is your solution to prevent the use of DBS in large-scale
financial fraud, political payoffs, etc.?   Or is that outside your
scope, and such problems should be solved by wiretaps, surveillance or
Don't tell me these problems are minor or will just disappear! Do you
know how much money is already wasted on audits and law enforcement in
this country?  Auditing is already hideously expensive, and the only
solid facts in the entire audit process are the goddamn bank statements.
You need a coherent argument on this problem.  You need measures within
the DBS technology itself, to address the need.  Opponents of DBS will
raise all these demagogic arguments.  You'll be hooted off the podium.
I fear you'll end up damaging the reputation of legitimate forms of
peer-to-peer electronic payments, which are badly needed in the economy.
Todd Boyle CPA   Kirkland WA   tboyle at rosehill.net

@_date: 2000-10-17 14:33:35
@_author: Todd Boyle 
@_subject: CDR: RE: Non-Repudiation in the Digital Environment (was Re: First    Monday           August 2000) 
Mac Norton said
Ed Gerck said
Acknowledging the overwhelming victory of credit cards in
B2C commerce, one could conclude that consumers prefer total wraparound repudiability to specific vendor warranties.  Reading
warranties takes so much time that the argument over definitions
of non-repudation is academic.
What's needed is a standard contract that emulates the protections
provided by Visa and Mastercard  --a virtual credit card.  This
would enable an unbundling of settlement services from "insurance"
components.  A diverse industry of payments and settlements providers, credit services, and risk underwriters would emerge.  You need to achieve a plug-and-play environment to compete with banks and cc consortia, and equally bad "bundle propositions" emerging from alternative payments providers.
SMBs and website operators are fed up with the cost of credit cards.
Another industry is the webledger industry-- They would take immediate
notice of such a contract, since any webledger can basically
serve as a bank or settlement provider to its population of
subscribers.  For example, of the leading webledgers will soon announce an infrastructure for its users to submit intercompany transactions to each other; this makes the webledger a B2B host, and technically, enables any subscriber to offer settlement services to other subscribers.  READ THIS:  In summary: what's missing from the payments environment isn't technology, but legal infrastructures,
Todd

@_date: 2001-10-01 14:07:29
@_author: Todd Boyle 
@_subject: Cringely on PBS:  electronic money 
And now this,
Electric Money
3,184 Words About Bob's New Show, Which Airs Next Week
By Robert X. Cringely
This may be the first time in history that the names J.P. Morgan and Max
Levchin have been used in the same sentence. On the surface, the two men
don't seem to have much in common. Morgan died in 1913. Levchin was born in
1975. Morgan was an American-born financier, scion of an international
banking family and stalwart of the Episcopal Church. Levchin is a
Ukrainian-born computer programmer, a Jew who immigrated to Chicago with
his parents when he was 16 years old. Morgan was one of the world's great
art collectors. Levchin's art collection, at the moment I am writing this,
consists of a couple posters and an electric wall clock that has plastic
sushi in place of numbers. Yet J.P. Morgan and Max Levchin stand like
bookends around the story I will be trying to tell next week in my new
show, "Electric Money," which is supposed to air generally around 9 p.m. on
October 3rd. Check your local listings. If, like me, you have only
satellite TV, the show plays on October 4th.
 From its founding in 1871 until the death of its founder in 1913, J.P.
Morgan & Co. came to dominate investment banking in America. This was a
time of little regulation or taxation, a time of dramatic booms and busts,
and a time when the center of the financial world was moved from London to
New York. Morgan did that. He financed America's railroads, its steel
industry, its electric and telephone industries. Twice -- in 1895 and 1907

@_date: 2003-01-12 17:04:19
@_author: Todd Boyle 
@_subject: Security cameras are getting smart -- and scary 
Regarding Tim May, Tyler Durden, and Anonymous's stupid
thread, Robert, why are you reposting this shit?  This is supposed
to be a "Digital Bearer Settlement List ".
Is killing blacks, or racism, a commonly held belief or practice,
in the digital settlement industry?  Is this somehow, like,
business enhancing for you, in IBUC?
For that matter, is there any conceptual association between
killing people, and payments with digital currencies?
What's your point, in mirroring the worst of the crypto lists?
There's plenty of good stuff there... are you doing this to
be cool?  For the shock value or something?
What are you doin?  Just entertaining yourself?
Whiling away the years?
I thought you had some goals, or purpose, in what you're
