
@_date: 1994-08-04 02:09:41
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Voluntary Governments? 
[If you don't want to read about this stuff, don't. Just don't claim it's
not a valid list topic, as some are wont to do...often after first making
their own comments :-}. The issues of taxation, government, anarchy, and
cyberspatial institutions are important topics for a list like
"Cypherpunks." If the *beliefs* are not to be talked about, but only code
is to be written, then _what_ code? Code that helps ensure tax compliance?
Code that helps government control "cyberspace criminals"? We've seen
recent discussions about religion, the need for values, etc. Many of us are
opposed to the specific views raised, but since there is no "official party
line," the way we work on these issues is through discussion. Besides, any
arguments people actually type in themselves are worth at least deciding
whether to read them or not....I'll change my opinion if completely
off-topic posts on topics like abortion, the purported need for national
health care, and the war in Bosnia begin to dominate the discussion. Until
Where to begin?
Jason Solinsky and Mike Duvos argue for a kind of voluntary,
donation-supported, non-coercive, service-providing government, funded
voluntarily by citizens who presumably think they are getting their money's
Well, this is first of all a *very nonstandard* interpretation of
"government"...more on this later (and how the idea of "privately-produced
law" figures in).
I'm skeptical that governments would give up their current use of coercion,
or threat of coercion (the fallback position that gives their various
edicts more teeth than, for example, my edicts or your edicts). I'm even
more skeptical that the current bloated state could be funded by the small
fraction of the population that--in my opinion--would make donations. (Mike
has argued elsewhere that his concept is of a utopian state much smaller
than we have today....an even less likely possibility unless that bloated
state is starved to death by the methods many of us advocate...but this is
another discussion.)
Without the legal monopoly on coercion, this so-called "government" would
be just another service provider, like Safeway or Goodyear or K-Mart.
Economies of scale work against a large, slow-moving bureaucracy, so the
so-called goverment would devolve quickly into multiple small pieces.
This is the "anarcho-capitalism" many of us argue for, so I won't argue
against it here. I just wouldn't call it "the government" anymore. As soon
as "the government" gives up its use of force, allows competitors in all
areas, and is run by donations or fees, it is no longer "the government."
[I promised to mention "private produced law," or PPL. This is the notion
of multiple, competing legal systems. A fictional treatment of this can be
found in Neal Stephenson's novel "Snow Crash," and a more scholarly
treatment can be found in David Friedman's "The Machinery of Freedom" and
in Bruce Benson's "The Enterprise of Law." I don't have time now to go into
this in more detail.]
The specific point about "imagine if they tied decision making power to
how much you pay in taxes" was tried a while back: only tax-payers could
vote. I'm all in favor of this, but I doubt many of my fellow citizens are.
(And to some extent we have this, through bribes and influence-buying.
Campaign contributions, etc.)
Would anyone choose to pay more in taxes for an increased voting share?
Hardly. Do the math on how influential any one vote is in an election. For
specific cases, maybe. Again, that's how influence-peddling arises. Not a
very healthy development, even for a cynic like me.
(I view governments as protection rackets. The last thing we need is a
bidding war between various sides in a dispute.)
For a very few services, this could be so, with the caveat mentioned above,
that "the government" would cease to exist as a monolithic organization. If
for some reason it was required to remain a large, monolithic organization,
then I'm quite sure it would collect much less revenue than it now does.
The people paying the taxes would seek alternative providers for almost
everything, leaving only a few areas "better" served by "the government."
(And maybe not even these, as things like roads, defense, etc. couldn't be
held as a monopoly by the Feds unless coercion was used...in Jason's purely
voluntary system, the government would lose even these valuable properties.
But I digress.)
Mike D. enthusiastically endorses Jason's ideas:
I have a problem with the whole notion of calling a voluntary,
self-selected, market-driven system a "government" of any kind. Yes, it is
something people may voluntarily join, but so are country clubs, book
reading groups, and mailing lists. And the decision to shop at Safeway one
day is a temporary joining of such an instantiated group. But these things
ain't governments!
This is not just semantic quibbling. If we say that such groups are
voluntary, but can vote on "rules" or "laws" which all must follow, then
the voluntary nature means people can freely leave, can choose not to abide
by the rules, etc. Hence the rules are toothless.
There *are* forms of organization in which bad behavior has implications,
such as banishment, shunning, etc. But this is true of the country club, or
this mailing list...acting like a bozo has implications. Some might call
these governments of a sort, but I don't. (Iceland in the Midle Ages is
often cited as such a thing, Cf. Friedman.)
But it is simply poor strategy as well as being poor semantics to label the
voluntary social and economic interactions as being some kind of
"government." Call them what they are: market interactions, agoric systems,
or voluntary associations. Normal life is like this...families, girlfriends
and boyfriends, freedom to associate as one pleases, free markets, anarchy
in book and music selection, etc.
And these systems work pretty well--or at least a lot better than the
corruptions and absurdities of government-run programs. They don't require
that people be "good," only that people understand the consequences of
their actions, the value of a good reputation, and the punishment that will
be meted out to the few who nevertheless transgress against a few basic
(I mention the need for violence because without some punishment, or
removal by some affordable means, the "wolves" proliferate. To make this
less abstract: no laws except for a very few laws about murder, theft,
rape, etc. Enforce those laws ruthlessly, and the wolf population is kept
in check. a fedback mechanism suppresses wolf formation. Ignore these laws,
delay justice, and proliferate thousands of economic and social laws--such
as the "dietary laws" also known as drug laws--and the wolf population will
proliferate. A feedback mechanism that encourages more wolves to form Look
at inner cities. Look at South-Central L.A.) (No offense meant to wolves or
other predators here.)
And these systems don't have to wait for implementation at some future time
in cyberspace....they already exist all around us.
Just don't call them governments, because they ain't.
"Why doth governments never prosper? For if governments doth prosper,none
dare call it government."
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-09 21:36:03
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: No more NSA supra-computer? 
I was intrigued by this disappearance, so I sent an e-mail message to
Gunter Ahrendt. Through the joys of time zones, my message this evening was
answered within minutes, from Australia.
He told me the NSA machine remains, though it has been renamed, has been
put under another site, and its performance rating has been recalculated
based on a new metric. Gunter's latest report (in comp.sys.super) explains
the new metric.
Grepping for the name "SMPP," here's where I found it:
58) 16.46 - (APR-1994) [SRC]
        Supercomputing Research Center,Bowie,Maryland,US,root at super.org
        1) Cray 3/4-128 [-4Q96]           11.46?
        2) SRC Terasys                  ~  5
        3) SRC SMPP-4/2M [+4Q96]         503.33?
This is also very intriguing. The machine formerly called the "NSA
SMPP-2/2M" and expected to be located at NSA Central Security Service, is
now to be located in nearby Bowie at the Supercomputing Research Center.
I guess that means the SRC is doing more than just "academic computing"!
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-20 01:20:28
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: coming soon: secure digital time-stamping in practice 
Earlier I said I would forward to the list a posting I did on digital
time-stamping, describing the Haber and Stornetta system.
But I'll instead repost Stu Haber's comments, for more detail.
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-08-25 23:41:54
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
Here's a long response. But it's my only post of today, as the list was
going on and on about atom bombs, uranium sabots, and alpha particles, and
with debate about why some of us are ignoring these posts and the posts of
ranters and baiters.
This topic is more in line with my reasons for being on this list. Sorry
for  the length.
Hal is right the problem of *repudiation* or *disavowal* was recognized
early on. Alice is confronted with a digital signature, or whatever. She
says; "But I didn't sign that" or "Oh, that's my old key--it's obsolete" or
"My sysadmin must have snooped through my files," or "I guess those key
escrow guys are at it again."
APPROACHES TO REPUDIATION
**The purist approach: you *are* your key. If another biological unit
obtains your key, he or she is effectively you. Guard your key carefully.
**The modern American "excuse" approach: Hey, if you want to disavow a
contract, like, just claim your key was stolen or, like, you lost it.
I understand the reasoning behind adopting a more intermediate stance, but
I think that only the purist stance will hold water in the long run.(A hint
of this: untraceable cash means, for most transactions of interest with
digital cash, that once the crypto stuff has been handled, whether the sig
was stolen or not is moot, because the money is gone...no court can rule
that the sig was invalid and then retrieve the cash!)
[It is true that Chaum went to great lengths to develop system which
preserve anonymity for single-spending instances, but which break anonymity
and thus reveal identity for double-spending instances. I'm not sure what
market forces caused him to think about this as being so important, but it
creates many headaches. Besides being clumsy, it require physical ID, it
invokes a legal system to try to collect from "double spenders," and it
admits the extremely serious breach of privacy by enabling stings. For
example, Alice pays Bob a unit of money, then quickly Alice spends that
money before Bob can...Bob is then revealed as a "double spender," and his
identity revealed to whomver wanted it...Alice, IRS, Gestapo, etc. A very
broken idea. Acceptable mainly for small transactions. More on this later.]
NEGOTIATED PROTOCOLS TO REDUCE RISKS
However, just as most folks make arrangements with their bank/ATM machines
(semantic meaning  of "ATM") to limit cash withdrawals to, say, $200 a
day (it varies), so too can digital cash arrangements make similar
contractual deals to limit losses. Some possible plans:
* Plan A: The protocol insists on retinal scan or other biometric
authentication between the "smartcard" used as the cryptographic keying
device and the putative owner. The "Thunderball" plan. (issues: preserving
anonymity with biometric authentication, spoofing of the channel between
card and physical apparatus, theft of smartcard, etc.)
* Plan B: The protocol only allows, say, $1000 per transaction. And no more
than 3 transactions per day. Each transaction that is cleared sends a demon
message to the account owner through a separate communications channel.
(This sounds complex...the idea is to provide a signal that an account is
being accessed, allowing the account owner to put a hold on the account.
Even if he can't stop the transactions underway, or recently completed,
because of the lags that may exist in this feedback, he can limit losses.
Kind of a mix between off-line and on-line transactions....such mixes are
to be expected, with the choice up to parties, depending on costs, risks,
speed of communications, etc.)
* Plan C: Use off-line cash only for "small" transactions, such as those
now handled with physical coins and small bills. Use on-line clearing for
larger amounts, with various forms of biometric security.
This echoes how things are done today: off-line cash is what you can carry,
in bill, coin specie, etc. Larger amounts (hundreds of dollars and up) is
almost always handled on-line, via either credit cards (on-line clearing,
albeit not anonymous/untraceable) or checks, cashier's checks, etc.
(Coins and cash bills are really "on-line clearing" though, in that their
existential properties make them acceptable immediately; they are not
replicable, at least not easily, and hence can be conserved in transations.
All the usual stuff about the nature of cash money.)
Which will be used? (and there are many variants...) As usual, markets will
allow choice. Many people will choose to limit exposure with Plan B-type
transactions. Others will contract with insurance agents who cover risks by
insisting on their own protocols for added security. (I don't mean
conventional insurance agents, naturally.)
MISCELLANEOUS STUFF
Most smartcards in use today support some form of local PIN entering, some
way to provide a truly memorizable extra piece of identiy. Other biometric
measures remain a hot area of research. Stroke recognition, thumbprints,
etc. In about 5 years, when I think digital cash will be ready for prime
time (pun intended), these additional mechanisms should be deployable, for
a price. (Market-driven again: those who want to pay less in insurance will
take better steps. Companies may adopt standards. Banks may enforce them.)
"Zero knowledge interactive proof systems" have been used for password
systems; no amount of past snooping or eavesdropping helps. (Of course, the
user still has to have physical security over his local computer, or PDA,
dongle, or secret decoder ring.) This seems like a readily-solvable problem
(and one we already accept with existing ATM machines).
THE INCREDIBLE IMPORTANCE AND ELEGANCE OF ON-LINE CLEARING
*On-line clearing* for larger amounts is, in my opinion, the Right Thing.
Networks are getting deployed widely and are speedy. ATM, SONET, ISDN, and
all the rest.
I want to elaborate on this, even though I think most of Hal's points are
made with off-line clearing in mind. I want to make the case for why
on-line clearing is the One True Digital Cash.
Conceptually, the guiding principle idea is simple: he who gets to the
train locker where the cash is stored *first* gets the cash. There can
never be "double spending," only people who get to the locker and find no
cash inside. Chaumian blinding allows the "train locker" (e.g., Credit
Suisse) to give the money to the entity making the claim without knowing
how the number correlates to previous numbers they "sold" to other
entities. Anonymity is preserved, absolutely. (Ignoring for this discussion
issues of cameras watching the cash pickup, if it ever actually gets picked
Once the "handshaking" of on-line clearing is accepted, based on the "first
to the money gets it" principle, then networks of such clearinghouses can
thrive, as each is confident about clearing. (There are some important
things needed to provide what I'll dub "closure" to the circuit. People
need to ping the system, depositing and withdrawing, to establish both
confidence and cover. A lot like remailer networks. In fact, very much like
In on-line clearing, only a number is needed to make a transfer.
Conceptually, that is. Just a number. It is up to the holder of the number
to protect it carefully, which is as it should be (for reasons of locality,
for self-responsibility, and because any other option introduces
repudiation, disavowall, and the "Twinkies made me do it" sorts of
nonsense). Once the number is transferred and reblinded, the old number no
longer has a claim on the money stored at Credit Suisse, for example. That
money is now out of the train locker and into a new one. (People always
ask, "But where is the money, really?" I see digital cash as *claims* on
accounts in existing money-holding places, typically banks. There are all
kinds of "claims"--Eric Hughes has regaled us with tales of his
explorations of the world of commericial paper. My use of the term "claim"
here is of the "You present the right number, you get access" kind. Like
the combination to a safe. The train locker idea makes this clearer, and
gets around the confusion about "digimarks" of "e$" actually _being_ any
kind of money it and of itself.)
Off-line systems may be useful for paying for movies, toll roads, etc., but
there the protocols can be set up to limit exposure to fraud. (Ontological
constraints, such as number of movie theater attendees, etc., will limit
the losses. Scams will likely still exist, but the problem seems manageable
with some work.)
And as networks get much faster, expect even off-line cash to fade. Depends
on costs, insurance rates, benefits, and of course on regulations.
The "first to the locker" approach causes the bank not to particularly care
about this, just as a Swiss bank will allow access to a numbered account
(or used to...please let's not have a dozen posts arguing about this, as is
so often the case on this list!) by presentation of the number, and perhaps
a key. Identity proof *may* be needed, depending on the "protocol" they and
the customer established, but it need not be. And the last thing the bank
is worried about is being able to "find and prosecute" anyone, as there is
no way they can be liable for a double spending incident.
The beauties of local clearing! (Which is what gold coins do, and paper
money if we really think we can pass it on to others.)
IS PROOF OF PHYSICAL IDENTITY NEEDED?
I recall some analyses of these situations a while back. I looked in my
"Crypto" Proceedings but didn't find it.
The danger of making the "person who withdrew it" a culprit if the money
has already been "spent" is clear: he is just as likely to be an innocent
victim of a setup as the guilty party. With off-line clearing, and not the
"handshaked" beauty of immediate clearing, one has to rely on
"trust"--tough with an anonymous person.
On-line clearing has the possible danger implicit in all trades that Alice
will hand over the money, Bob will verify that it has cleared into his
account (in older terms, Bob would await word that his Swiss bank account
has just been credited), and then Bob will fail to complete his end of the
bargain. If the transaction is truly anonymous, over computer lines, then
of course Bob just hangs up his modem and the connection is broken. This
situation is as old as time, and has always involved protcols in which
trust, repeat business, etc., are factors. Or escrow agents.
REAL ESCROW AND TRUE NYMS
Long before the "key escrow" of Clipper, true escrow was planned. Escrow as
in escrow agents. Or bonding agents.
Alice and Bob want to conduct a transaction. Neither trusts the other;
indeed, they are unknown to each other. In steps "Esther's Escrow Service."
She is _also utraceable_, but has established a digitally-signed presence
and a good reputation for fairness. Her business is in being an escrow
agent, like a bonding agency, not in "burning" either party. (The math of
this is interesting: as long as the profits to be gained from any small set
of transactions is less than her "reputation capital," it is in her
interest to forego the profits from burning and be honest. It is also
possible to arrange that Esther cannot profit from burning either Alice or
Bob or both of them, e.g., by suitably encrypting the escrowed stuff.)
Alice can put her part of the transaction into escrow with Esther, Bob can
do the same, and then Esther can release the items to the parties when
conditions are met, when both parties agree, when adjudication of some sort
occurs, etc. (There a dozen issues here, of course, about how disputes are
settled, about how parties satisfy themselves that Esther has the items she
says she has, etc.)
UNTRACEABLE MARKETS FOR ASSASSINATIONS
To make this brutally concrete, here's how escrow makes murder contracts
much safer than they are today to negotiate. Instead of one party being
caught in an FBI sting, as is so often the case when amateurs try to
arrange hits, they can use an escrow service to insulate themselves from:
1. From being traced, because the exchanges are handled via pseudonyms
2. From the killer taking the money and then not performing the hit,
because the escrow agent holds the money until the murder is verified
(according to some prototocol, such a newspaper report...again, an area for
more work, thankfully).
3. From being arrested when the money is picked up, as this is all done via
digital cash.
There are some ways to reduce the popularity of this Murder, Incorporated
system. (Things I've been thinking about for about 6 years, and which we
discussed on the list and on the Extropians list. I'll save this for
another time.)
My point here is to show how on-line clearing works in conjunction with an
escrow agent function.(Esther clears the cash, and can issue new cash to
Bob, who "trusts" her that if he does the job, the cash will clear, as
she's the escrow agent he's dealt with many times before.)
THE DANGER OF EVER USING PHYSICAL IDENITY VERIFICATION
Danger! Danger! Danger! Any such system, that relies on physical IDs is
substantially less private that banks today in many countries, and is not
at all what I would call "digital cash."
On-line clearing makes this unnecessary.
Agreed. But acceptable with a two-tiered system:
- off-line cash for small transactions, with smartcards, "observer"
protocols, and with built-in limits
- on-line , immediately-cleared cash for larger transactions, also with
various agreed-upon limits or requirements
Is there a danger that people will lose the numbers that they need to
redeem money? That someone could steal the number and thus steal their
Sure. There's the danger that I'll lose my bearer bonds, or forget my Swiss
bank account number, or lose my treasure map to where I buried my money (as
Alan Turing supposedly did in WW II).
People can take steps to limit risk. More secure computers. Dongles worn
around their necks. Protocols that involve biometric authentication to
their local computer or key storage PDA, etc. Limits on withdrawals per
day, etc. People can store key numbers with people they trust, perhaps
encrypted with other keys, can leave them with their lawyers, etc. All
sorts of arrangements can be made.
Where I'm not sure I agree with what Hal is saying is that _personal
identification_ is but one of these arrangements. Often used, but not
essential to the underlyng protocol. Again, the Swiss banks (maybe now the
Liechtenstein anstalts are a better example) don't require physical ID for
all accounts. (More generally, if Charles wants to create a bank in which
deposits are made and then given out to the first person who sings the
right tune, why should we care? This extreme example is useful in pointing
out that _contractual arrangements_ need not involve governmental or
societal norms about what constitutes proof of identity.)
PAPIEREN, BITTE
Hal goes on to talk about blinded credentials. A very important idea in our
permission slip-happy society, and an idea that is not getting nearly
enough attention. (Chaum's seminal "Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother
Obsolete," from Oct or Nov of 1985, in "Communications of the ACM," remains
required reading here.)
But I also take a more radical view. Ask yourself why credentials are
_ever_ needed. Maybe for driving a car, and the like, but in those cases
anonymity is not needed, as the person is in the car, etc.
Credentials for drinking age? Why? Let the parents enforce this, as the
argument goes about watching sex and violence on t.v. (If one accepts the
logic of requiring bars to enforce children's behavior, then one is on a
slippery slope toward requiring television set makers to check smartcards
of viewers, or of requiring a license to access the Internet, etc.)
In almost no cases do I see the need to carry "papers" with me. Maybe a
driver's license, like I said. In other areas, why?
This gets to a core issue: the incredible benefits of locally clearing a
transaction. Caveat emptor, buyer beware, etc. Cash on the barrelhead.
In transactions where "future performance" is needed, as in a contract to
have a house built, or to do some similar job, then of course the idea of
on-line or immediate clearing is bogus...like paying a stranger a sum of
money on his promise that he'll be back the next day to start building you
a house.
Parties to such long-term, non-locally-cleared cases may contract with an
escrow agent, as I described above. This is like the "privately-produced
law" we've discussed so many times. The essence: voluntary arrangements.
Maybe proofs of identity will be needed, or asked for, maybe not. But these
are not the essence of the deal. An interesting area.
I apologize if this essay, while long, is not quite long enough to capture
the ideas I wanted to express. To me, these are core ideas. Maybe not as
core to those of you who favor talking about depleted uranium sabots (but
what about Chobham armor and explosive armor?) or about "PGP rulz, d00d!,"
but core isseus to me.
Your smileage may vary.
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-07-29 01:12:17
@_author: Timothy C. May 
@_subject: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
Oh please! Just how many times am I supposed to repeat my point that I make
no claims that any imminent release of Chicago or Daytona or System 7.2 is
likely to have SKE included? I've pointed out that the TIS algorithm is
only now being coded, but that the *general field* of key escrow seems to
involve some behind-the-scenes manouverings which should give us all pause.
Saying that "version 683" doesn't have SKE is beside the point.
The real issue is just how all the work on SKE described in the Denning
conference coming up in September (the full agenda is posted in the crypto
newsgroups) is to be implemented if *not* by the OS and system software
The Microsoft guy who wrote the long letter to me on the various issues
involved, the tradeoffs, the export issue (apparently SKE will allow some
products to be exported that would otherwise be illegal to export), etc.,
is clearly working on this key escrow business. Only time will tell if
Microsoft has ever met with NIST/NSA on software key escrow...if they have,
and pressures were put on MS to comply with the new scheme, then we'll all
have reason to worry.
If Microsoft has never met with NIST/NSA or Denning or TIS on this matter,
and was only pursuing SKE research on its own initiative, without any
incentives or threats from the government, then I will withdraw my
speculations and cheer Microsoft on.
(The same thing applies to Novell, Apple, etc. I'm not picking on
Microsoft...I've just heard more substantive comments from them than from
other companies.)
I once again urge Microsoft to make this situation clearer. And I don't
mean with a predictable, pro forma, "We have no intentions of including
software key escrow at this time." Such corporatespeak comments are
We need to see a public debate on software key escrow, regardless of
Microsoft's involvement one way or another. And we shouldn't wait until the
press conference is held to announce the program!
--Tim May
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay at netcom.com       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."
