
@_date: 2000-09-29 21:37:55
@_author: Ted Carpenter 
@_subject: CDR: Your vacation property 
Hi! I found your vacation property listing on-line and was surprised to see
that you do not have a website of your own for the property.
My company,  specializes in putting together websites
for vacation properties. You would be amazed at how inexpensive advertising
on-line can be!
It's a fact that the Internet has changed the speed in which information is
delivered. There is a  desire for "instant gratification" when it comes to
getting the information people want and need immediately.
People who rent vacation properties are much more likely to rent a property
that they can really "get a feel for" through an on-line experience.
Our company is full service! We can take care of everything for you, from
the initial design to getting it published on the Internet. Once we receive
your standard package of information, we will turn it into a fabulous
website. We also encourage that you add additional information to your
website that you may not include in a mailed package.
Having information on-line can also speed up the process of renting your
property and save you money by eliminating the first phase of sending
information to prospective renters.
You do not have to change any of your current advertising! Just have your
current advertisers include a link to your new site. This way, prospective
renters can click on your link and be taken to your website for all the
information they need.
If you decide to establish a web presence as a result of this email, we will
give you a 20% discount to get started. Also, you are not billed for our
services until you have seen your site online and are completely satisfied!
We absorb the risk for you! Please visit our website today.
Ted Carpenter
American Webware, Inc.
This letter was mailed to: cypherpunks at toad.com. If it has come to you in
error, we apologize. Please respond to the email with REMOVE in the subject
line to be removed from any future mailing.
