
@_date: 1995-12-23 04:27:30
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: GAK shutdown? 
Last night I realized that NIST has been shutdown since the weekend...congratulations to congress for a temporary halt to GAK!

@_date: 1995-12-01 04:52:05
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: whither NetBill? (micropayments) 
NetBill ( appears to be a great way for implementing micropayments.  Does anyone know what the deal is, or did Visa sign on just to keep it from happening?

@_date: 1995-10-11 11:01:18
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Banque des Cypherpunks 
Use k-out-of-n secret sharing to split digital coins among hundreds of
pseudo-banks spread throughout the world, so that governments would have
to make a large number of raids to shut it down.

@_date: 1995-10-12 19:29:07
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Netscape 2.0b1J still core dumps on Java 
Security or no, I can't take Java seriously if it is only going to run on Solaris and not SunOS...

@_date: 1995-10-12 20:59:38
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: 90% 
I am into cryptology for freedom and privacy.  If it takes "cracking a few
unix codes" to make people realize that we do not have good security right
now and we need better crypto products and we need to fight government laws
that hamper crypto development in this country, so be it.

@_date: 1995-10-13 15:55:14
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Netscape 2.0b1J still core dumps on Java 
Uh, I must have been asleep and read your comment as Netscape 2.0 Java did not run on SunOs...Perhaps you can understand my confusion when it says at  :
"The IRIX and Sun Solaris versions of Netscape Navigator 2.0b1 include Java support."  With no mention of SunOs.  But looking at the ftp sites, I do see the 20b1J for SunOs4.1.3.  Yey!

@_date: 1995-10-15 12:58:22
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: PA Remailer Concerns 
I am sure no PA state legislator knows what an anonymous remailer is.
They have just made them illegal though.  The question is, will the police
ever figure out what they are, and will they ever bother to selectively
enforce the law.

@_date: 1995-10-15 13:05:57
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
I have to agree with Eric.  We now have software vendors talking about releasing more security source, taking bug reports seriously, etc.
We are winning for crypto here.

@_date: 1995-10-15 16:18:55
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
I think it will be interesting to see if Netscape will ever sell enough product to make a profit...however, they seem to be an excellent charity so far, making the WWW a very popular place.

@_date: 1995-10-18 14:06:46
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
Not to mention a tremendous waste of bandwidth if people do it on a regular basis.
Philosophical question:  Is Usenet a "mix"?

@_date: 1995-10-19 10:00:06
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
Hmmm...this leads to the "unobnoxious anonymous remailer" concept.  I am under the impression that most cases of people getting upset about anon remailers is when they get threatening email from them.  One could require that all email going through a remailer must be encrypted (perhaps with a universally known key).  That way when Joe clueless users gets encrypted mail he doesn't expect, he probably is too clueless to go find the key and decrypt it...
This would require the remailer to examine entropy of messages passing through.  Anything not random enough gets tossed.

@_date: 1995-10-19 10:02:29
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: REMINDER: SF Federal Building, Oct 20, 1015AM: Bernstein case 
Q:  Will they allow CU-SeeMe in the courtroom?  (over Metricom radio modem?)

@_date: 1995-09-13 10:52:48
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: An opportunity not to be missed 
Try Harry Browne (  I'm 100% certain that he would be willing to support cryptographic rights and freedom of internet The Religious Right brings their agenda to the public spotlight because
they become incredibly involved in local politics on a nationwide basis
and have the knowledge, means, and money to influence politics at this
level.  Very few people who are outside the political process realize the
amount of organization, dedication, and dollars required to achieve
political validity. -Thomas Edwards

@_date: 1995-09-15 19:25:22
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Washington D.C. Cyperhpunks Meeting Cybercast 
Catch the WashDC Cypherpunks meeting cybercast on CU-SeeMe tommorow, saturday Sept. 16 starting at 3:00 PM on the  (205.197.247.33) reflector.
CU-SeeMe software is videconferencing for PCs and Macs and can be found at ftp.gated.cornell.edu

@_date: 1995-09-17 15:55:14
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Friday's NIST Key Escrow FIPS Workshop 
I went to the NIST "Developing Key Escrow Encryption Standards Workshop" held in Gaithersburg, MD on Sept. 15, 1995.  It turns out I know the guy
who was running the conference so I knew I couldn't miss it...and I knew I
had to wear my Cypherpunks t-shirt to show the flag (and it stood out, as
there were few without suits there). I got to meet Dorothy Denning for the
first time.  I was mentioning how government key-escrow doesn't sound too
bad to some in the libertarian/cypherpunk world, say for instance to
ensure FOIA requests are not encrypted away.  She said that would never be
a problem, just getting the government to give you FOIA documents in the
first place is the problem. In a nutshell, this was a conference to begin work on a FIPS for software key encryption escrow.  Industry people there felt that a FIPS would be a great way to standardize key escrow for data recovery.  However, except for one guy at IBM who said they tap employees phones alot, most industry people felt that it was not needed for tapping their real-time communications.  There was a lot of talk from government people about the need for Law Enforcement to get access to encrypted real-time communication between government employees.  This, to say the least, squicked many attendees, and there seemed to be much tension between the sides on that issue.
I asked a couple of industry people and privacy advocates the question "Am
I just paranoid, or is this FIPS a trial balloon for mandated civillian
key escrow?"  I got many "yes" answers.  I also heard the occasional "this
sounds like son-of-clipper" comments in the breakout groups. One noteworthy point is that RSA sent in a position paper to try to get the Digital Signature Standard replaced by RSA signatures for inclusion in key escrow FIPS due to its "virtual non-availability in commercial products," and noted that the US Govt. has free use of RSA sigs.
Another noteworthy point is that NIST made clear that the key escrow FIPS should _not_ involve SECRET algorithms.  The Workshop consisted of a discussion of goals and objectives by Ray
Kammer (Deputy Director, NIST) and some initial thoughts on standards
development by Miles Smid (NIST).  Here is the gist of the overhead
slides: The Goals of the workshop were based on the August 17 announcement by the
Administration to allow for exportability of 64-bit software key escrow
encryption, plans to allow Federal agencies to use Escrowed Encryption
Standards compliant hardware devices for data communications, and the
development of a FIPS for key escrow, implementable in software.  This
escrow FIPS would be used by Federal agencies in conjunction with
FIPS-approved encryption techniques.  This workshop was held to help begin the FIPS development.  The workshop goals included 1) Providing input to the govt. on drafting a software key escrow encryption standard; 2) Helping govt. to identify additional policy and technical issues that need to be addressed and 3) providing the govt. with thoughts on drafting and follow-up
The FIPS process involves developing the draft FIPS, a 90 day comment period, then addressing comments, and then it goes to the Secretary of Commerce for signature, and becomes effective six months after the signature.  The purpose of the New Escrow FIPS is to foster a wider use of escrow technology...this means: no requirement for SECRET algorithms, software and hardware implementations, and exportability.  It also will provide a government validation of escrow systems meeting the standard...theoretically allowing for security, integrity, and availability.
Threats examined included compromise (unauthorized disclosure of keys and data recovery), and denial of service (modification or loss of keys, use of bogus recovery fields, and improper system operation).
The FIPS will provide common formats and procedures which will facilitate data recovery and lower cost.  Applicability of the FIPS will include the US Govt. and contractors.  Applications include both stored and transmitted data.  Encryption algorithms must be FIPS approved.  And finally desirable features include: auditing, configuration control, backup capability, and efficiency.
The questions asked to the breakout groups included:
1) Is a standard interface for the release of keys desirable?
2) What documentation is required?
3) How will operational procedures be developed?
4) How will conformance be validated?
5) Will security be evaluated?  If so, under what criteria and by whom?
6) How will configuration control be maintained?
7) Are new FIPS-approved algorithms necessary?
8) Should escrowing be built into the Public Key Infracstructure?
9) Is a standard escrow system identification field needed?
10) Is split knowledge required?
11) Do systems which permit data to be encrypted for both storage and transmission need to provide for both kinds of escrow?
12) Does the government require special features (2-hour access, continuous real-time decryption, etc.)?

@_date: 1995-09-18 19:10:21
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Hack Netscape! 
Heh, what about a shirt for the people who worked through keyspace for the second crack? ;)

@_date: 1995-09-19 12:38:35
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Well, now that Cypherpunks have again shown yet another hole in Netscape security, I think we are one pretty good standing to demand
   ACCESS TO SOURCE CODE FOR NETSCAPE,
so we can work to help make Netscape "pretty good".  Any reporters listening?

@_date: 1995-09-19 12:44:12
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: NSA and Netscape Crack (Re: NYT on Netscape Crack) 
Gee Tim, NSA is "helping" us out by creating Clipper and new key escrow mechanisms ;)
"I'm from the NSA, I'm here to help your crypto..."

@_date: 1995-09-19 12:46:05
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: AOL monitoring 
Hmmm...potential new crypto product...a "secure" newsreader with encrypted
.newsrc?

@_date: 1995-09-19 13:09:56
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: NYT on Netscape Crack 
No matter what they say in the press, I doubt it will take more than a few
weeks to reverse engineer the new RNG seeder and figure out where the data
comes from. I am hoping it was more of a PR thing than a technical thing.  I hope that Netscape tells us their RNG seed so Cyperhpunks don't have to go to all the trouble.  If they tell us, we can let them know if it is a reasonable mechanism or bogus.

@_date: 1995-09-19 13:24:15
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Investing on Information We Get Here 
Let's not forget that Netscape is the biggest and best boon to the internet I've ever seen.  It is selling more bandwith, servers, and dial-up IP than anything that has come down the road.  It is enabling people to put even more info on the net, and I love it!
Of course, that is why it was targetted for the 40-bit RC4 crack, its immense popularity.  The total bogosity of 40-bit keys is now pretty apparent, and it is helping moves to 64-bit export, and perhaps beyond.

@_date: 1995-09-22 10:18:08
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
Netscape also crashes (error 1) on regular Macs...sigh.  I'm contacting someone who just wrote a http server to see how tough it would be drop some code on the stack.

@_date: 1996-04-11 21:43:10
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Money supply is fake anyway 
Banks "invent" money on a daily basis.  You would have to counterfeit a great deal of currency (probably more than it out there right not) before you would start making a serious impact on the money supply. That said, enough counterfeit money may change the way people value money, and may cause inflation.

@_date: 1996-04-13 03:59:14
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Money supply is fake anyway 
Since the invention of fractional reserve banking.  Banks loan out far
more than they have currency reserves.  This loaning out of non-existant
money inflates the money supply.  The trick of being a banker is loaning
out enough money to make a profit, while keeping enough currency on
reserve to pay people when they take money out of your bank. There is far more money in demand deposits (i.e. figures on a computer)
than there is currency (i.e. green stuff).  The ratio of demand deposits
to currency backing in banks is set by the government.  If everyone came
and took out all their currency for their demand deposits, banks would
fail right and left. The Federal Reserve also controls the expansion of the money supply by
buying and selling federal securities as well as setting interest rates on
its "loans of last resort" it makes to member banks. I don't consider the Fed a "conspiracy," as I believe that even in a
privatized money system, there would need to be flexible fractional
reserve banking to avoid damaging deflationary periods which come with
spurts of credit demand. Most of my free-market money buddies assure me that deflation in a
hard-money system is mainly a product of socialist spending policies
coming to an end, especially after a time of war.  I remain in belief that
even without massive government spending that hard currency would have
credit cycles that would lead to dangerous deflationary periods. As far as inflation, the Fed has managed to create the most massive inflationary period the U.S. has ever had.

@_date: 1996-04-17 05:28:30
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Money supply is fake anyway 
[only relevant in terms of ecash lending and counterfeiting effect on the money supply]
We may be talking about different definitions of "making money."
I'll quote from "Secrets of the Temple" by Wiliam Greider... "New money was created not only by the Federal Reserve but also by private
commercial banks.  They did it by new lending, by expanding the
outstanding loans on their books.  Routinely, a bank borrowed money from
one group, the depositors, and lent it to someone else, the borrowers, a
straightforward function as intermediary.  But, if that was all that occurred, then credit would be frozen in size, unable to expand with new economic growth.  On the margins, therefore, bankers expanded their lending on their own and the overall pool of credit grew - and the bank turned credit into money."
If the Fed was the only organization that create or destroyed money
(through sales and purchases of federal securities), then the money supply
could be finely controlled.  The reality is that the money supply can only
be slightly controled by the Fed. The challenge of the Fed, though, is that banks create money with credit.  If the Fed makes $1 billion through the purchase of securities, that $1 billion injection will be multiplied by bank lending and credit up to $5 billion of new deposits, which would now be counted in the M1 money supply.  The banks would loan out $840 million of new loans (keeping 16% for
reserves), creating $840 in new deposits.  Those new deposits would enable
banks to loan out $706 million, and so on, and so on, until around $5
billion would be created.

@_date: 1996-04-22 12:20:40
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Scientology's fishing expedition mentions remailers 
Biased Journalism [via fight-censroship list] is reporting that Keith
Henson received a Demand For The Production Of Documents and Things from
counsel for the Religious Technology Center [RTC], an arm of the church of
scientology. Among the documents to be produced by Mr. Henson:
Demand 14.  Any and all documents relating to postings of Advanced
 Technology materials, including, but not limited to, actual postings  or discussions of such postings, whether actual or planned, made  through the following servers:  a.      freezone.remailer
 b.      nately.ucsd.edu
 C.      penet.fi
 d.      replay.comm
 e.      utopia.backtic.nl
Demand 19.  Any and all documents relating to communications with
 the following individuals relating to the Advanced Technology:  a.      Alex Dejoode
 b.      Dennis Erlich
 c.      Steven Fishman
 d.      Mike Godwin
 e.      Johan Helsingius
 f.      Jeff Jacobsen
 g.      Tom Klemesrud
 h.      Arnaldo Lerma
 i.      Dierdre Malloy
 j.      Peter Mante
 k.      Ron Neuman
 l.      Robert Penny
 m.      Felipe Rodriquez
 n.      Karin Spaink
 o.      Shari Steele
 p.      Shelly Thomson
 q.      David Touretzky
 r.      Grady Ward
 s.      Lawrence Wollersheim
Demand 20.  Any and all documents relating to postings made
 through the following servers:  a.      freezone.remailer
 b.      nately.ucsd.edu
 c.      penet.fi
 d.      replay.comm
 e.      utopia.hacktic.nI

@_date: 1996-02-02 08:08:33
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Prediction about new credit card number scheme 
My prediction about the new CC standard:  it will be a mistake if they don't pass on the details to cypherpunks.
BTW - are any micropayment schemes reving up to commerciality yet???

@_date: 1996-02-02 14:24:37
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Telecom Bill may makes abortion talke illegal on the net... 
Sec. 507 of the Telecom Bill Ammends Section 1462 of title 18 of the U.S. Code (Chapter 71), in ways which may make sending the following over the Internet illegal:
 o any text, graphic, or sound that is lewd, lascivious, or filthy
 o any information telling about how to obtain or make abortions and    drugs, or obtaining or making anything that is for indecent or immoral    use
Here is Section 1462 as Ammended:
(Telecom bill chnages in "<" and ">"):
Section 1462. Importation or transportation of obscene matters
Whoever brings into the United States, or any place subject to the
jurisdiction thereof, or knowingly uses any express company or other common
carrier , for carriage in interstate or foreign
commerce -
        (a) any obscene, lewd, lascivious, or filthy book, pamphlet, picture,
motion-picture film, paper, letter, writing, print, or other matter of
indecent character; or
        (b) any obscene, lewd, lascivious, or filthy phonograph recording,
electrical transcription, or other article or thing capable of producing
sound; or
        (c) any drug, medicine, article, or thing designed, adapted, or
intended for producing abortion, or for any indecent or immoral use; or any
written or printed card, letter, circular, book, pamphlet, advertisement, or
notice of any kind giving information, directly or indirectly, where, how, or
of whom, or by what means any of such mentioned articles, matters, or things
may be obtained or made; or Whoever knowingly takes , from such
express company or other common carrier  any matter
or thing the carriage  of which is herein made unlawful -
       Shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than five
years, or both, for the first such offense and shall be fined not more than
$10,000 or imprisoned not more than ten years, or both, for each such offense
thereafter. Here is the text which addes the interactive computer service part in the Telecom Bill:
SEC. 507. CLARIFICATION OF CURRENT LAWS REGARDING COMMUNICATION
OF OBSCENE MATERIALS THROUGH THE USE OF COMPUTERS.
     (a) Importation or Transportation.--Section 1462 of title 18, United States Code, is amended--
          (1) in the first undesignated paragraph, by inserting ``or
interactive computer service (as defined in section 230(e)(2) of the
Communications Act of 1934)'' after ``carrier''; and
          (2)  in the second undesignated paragraph--
               (A) by inserting ``or receives,'' after ``takes'';                (B) by inserting ``or interactive computer service (as defined
in section 230(e)(2) of the Communications Act of 1934)'' after ``common
carrier''; and
Media Notes:
USAToday 02/01/96 - 07:37 PM ET Telecommunications deregulation breaks down electronic walls "At one point, the debate veered off on abortion. Seeing a ''high-tech gag rule,'' Rep. Nita Lowey, D-N.Y., joined by Pat Schroeder, D-Colo., and several other women lawmakers, asserted the
anti-pornography provisions would outlaw discussions about abortion over the Internet, the global computer network. Rep Henry Hyde, R-Ill., a leading abortion foe, assured members that nothing in the bill suggested any restrictions on discussions about Well, Henry Hyde was right - nothing in the bill suggests restrictions on abortion discussion - the restrictions are in Title 18 of the U.S. Code, which now includes computer networks.
Thanks to the Cornell Law School Legal Information Institute
( and the Alliance for Competitive Communications
( for source text.
-Thomas Edwards

@_date: 1996-02-16 17:39:54
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Religious Right and CDA 
Please see  for a letter from Ed Meese, Ralph Reed, Donald E. Wildmon, and others which actually suggests language in the CDA.
"Attached is the specific language we support which includes the House
passed language on obscenity and includes revisions on both the House
passed language on indecency, which would amend Title 18 and the
Senate-passed language on indecency, which would amend Title 47. The
combination of these provisions, we believe, would provide effective laws
to curb obscenity and indecency on the Internet by establishing that all
who knowingly participate in the distribution or facilitation of obscenity
to anyone or indecency to children would be subject to the law."

@_date: 1996-02-17 05:09:35
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Libertarians and crypto and such 
Libertarians do not believe in killing civilians with nukes.  Libertarians
do not believe in murder, period.  We're not the ones calling for the
death penalty for drug lords.  We're not the ones calling for military
force in foreign countries, be they Kuwait or Bosnia.  Infact, the
Libertarian Party has often called for nuclear disarmament. Libertarians are interested in democratic change, not violent revolution.  ObCrypto:  William Winter, Director of Communications of the Libertarian Party, not
only ordered the Libertarian Party web site to go dark for "Black
Thursday," he also delivered an empassioned speech at the anti-CDA rally
in Washington, D.C., last saturday.
( for pictures and links to
The Libertarian Party has consistantly sent out the strongest statements of any political party in support of cryptographic freedom and freedom of expression on the Internet.

@_date: 1996-01-04 05:50:35
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Guerilla ISPs 
On LECs attacking ISPs, it is interesting to note that several medium-sized ISPs in Maryland which have over 100 phone lines are now getting them delivered by fiber direct to the ISP.
This is nothing new - what is news is that some of these fiber setups use
a form of SLC-96 systems which are incapable of carrying data traffic over
21 kbps with modern 28.8 kbps modems. Nobody new what the problem was for a long time, until finally Bell Atlantic admitted that there were some bandwidth limitations in some SLC-96 setups.  They went on to note that the tarrif required them to carry only acceptable voice and 4800 bps communication, nothing more, and that these ISPs were basically stuck with substandard lines.
The ISPs involved are now looking into alternative local dialtone, but it is few and far between.  Bell Atlantic is looking to get into the Internet business...perhaps they will engineer their own dialups properly, while giving low-data-rate fiber connections to ISPs?
And on the radio-last-mile service, I used to be enthusiastic about it, but I am no more.  It is pretty impractical to discuss VHF or UHF frequencies for real net connectivity, there just isn't enough bandwidth to be practical.  900 MHz and higher appear to be the best solution, using CDMA spread-spectrum in a microcellular environment.  Metricom ( has CDMA microcellular modems which get 14.4 kbps equivalent throughput in the 900 MHz region, and they have a large microcellular network already set up in the Bay Area with Internet connectivity.  Once 2 GHz technology becomes cheap enough (that's GaAs chips instead of Si), I can imagine wide-scale 56kbps service over microcellular networks.
But how can these things compete with  which is promising 10 Mbps in and 128 kbps out of homes with cable modems?  -Thomas Edwards

@_date: 1996-01-05 05:36:48
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: @Home cable modem systems 
See URL Some tidbits:
        is a high-speed
       network that provides real-time multimedia news,
       information, entertainment and advertising content, access
       to the Internet, e-mail and other services to consumers via
       cable systems and their personal computers. The Mountain
       View, Calif.-based company is a joint venture between
       (between Tele-Communications Inc. and Kleiner Perkins
       Caufield & Byers )venture capital firm.
       The  network will provide consumers with a
       significant increase in speed and quality over current online
       connections. The service will use a customized version of
       the popular Netscape browser that will run on most
       Microsoft Windows, Windows 95, Macintosh OS and
       UNIX personal computers.  will employ an open
       platform architecture that will make its features available to
       the widest possible number of users and content providers.
       The  network will operate over a high-speed
       backbone and existing cable systems and will be linked to
       home computers via cablemodems and standard Ethernet
       connections.
        will include a wide variety of content. In addition
       to providing connections to the global Internet, the World
       Wide Web and e-mail, the service will enable content
       providers to create multimedia content that takes
       advantage of the high-speed network, as well as extensive
       local news and information.
       Deployment of the  service will begin in 1996 in
       select national markets, starting with Sunnyvale, Calif. The
       monthly charge for  is expected to be $30-$50 for
       unlimited use of basic services.
       Cable modems are almost 700 times faster than 14.4
       modems and nearly 80 times faster than ISDN
       connections. Cable modems do not require an extra phone
       line, and they eliminate the time and potential trouble
       involved in dialing a service. Cable-based Internet
       services offer an even richer multimedia experience than
       CD-ROM technology, including real-time delivery and
       updating of content. And cable offers a direct connection to
       the online world--when you turn on the computer, you are
       on the network.
        network is based on a distributed model that
       makes extensive use of caching and replication to minimize
       traffic on the system's backbone and maintain high levels of
       speed.  will operate its own global network
       infrastructure connecting to the Internet at multiple
       locations. The  backbone will connect regional
       data centers together via a multi-megabit switched data
       system. These regional centers would serve limited
       geographic areas, such as individual cities, and would be
       connected to local servers located at cable system
       headends.  users would be connected to the
       headends via local area networks operating over the cable
       system, which is a two-way hybrid fiber-optic/coaxial
       cable configured asymmetrically. Many cable companies
       have upgraded their systems to handle such two-way
       connections or are in the process of doing so.
       At the home, the service would arrive over the same cable
       that delivers television signals, which would not be affected
       by the addition of data services. The cable modem, which
       would be supplied by the cable company, would be
       connected to the subscriber's computer with a standard
       10-Base-T Ethernet cable. Many computers now include
       Ethernet connections or can easily be upgraded. The
       software required to use the service would be provided to
       the subscriber by  and will include a TCP/IP stack
       and Internet browser software with built-in e-mail and
       multimedia capabilities.

@_date: 1996-01-21 15:50:08
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Web site with Updated Telecom Bill Info 
(Alliance for Competitive Communications) has updated Telecom Bill info including "A concise resource guide to the House Senate
Conference on H.R. 1555/S. 652.", 12/22/95 draft of the Telecommunications Conference Bill, and a statement by VP Gore.  (Beware of editorial bias
at this site, as these people are not a disinterested party).
Our beloved Vice President said: "We are very gratified that the bill
contains the provisions for the V-chip that will enable families to
control the contract of television programming that comes into their homes
and that it contains a provision to make advanced telecommunications
services available at low cost to schools, libraries and hospitals"

@_date: 1996-01-27 11:56:16
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
I think the big bait-and-switch is her description of the various companies falling over themselves to get to _VOLUNTARY_ key escrow to avoid losing data and protecting themselves against employee problems versus _MANDATORY_GOVERNMENT_ key escrow to ensure that individuals cannot hide information from the government.
Key escrow is good.  Key escrow against your will is bad.

@_date: 1996-01-27 17:27:13
@_author: Thomas Grant Edwards 
@_subject: Denning's misleading statements 
True - and while the administration/FBI and their pawns at NIST (most of which are ex-NSA) recognize they can't force total key escrow right now, they are working on a FIPS to ensure that all government software purchases include government key escrow, to try to tilt the marketplace towards this idea.  said they want voluntary escrow was mainly banking concerns, and they certainly wanted it in safe hands, not in the hands of the government.  Infact no one from industry was concerned about "immediate key escrow" for tapping phone lines (except for this crazy guy from IBM).  Key escrow was only seen as useful in terms of data recovery.
