
@_date: 2007-11-06 17:38:05
@_author: Corine Bush 
@_subject: Medications that you need. 
Buy Must Have medications at Canada based pharmacy.
No prescription at all! Same quality! Save your money, buy pills immediately! We provide confidential and secure purchase!

@_date: 2009-05-17 17:18:02
@_author: Hilary Yates 
@_subject: Shove your giant and give her real tension. 
Dear ,
Thank you for becoming a Fairfax Digital Member.  Your username and password give you access to a range of services across the Fairfax Digital sites, including....
Fairfax Digital recommends!
Access to some Fairfax Digital websites
 Fairfax Digital websites such    wwwrugbyheaven.com, and  require users to register in order to gain access to content within the site. Registration is free, and only needs to be done once.
 Other websites such as  and  require users to become a member as well as subscribe to the print edition in order to gain access.  Fairfax Digital has more than 30 newsletters for members to choose from, covering daily breaking news, great shopping deals, the latest cars on the road, the latest business and financial news, and much more.
AlertsLet us email you as soon as we have a new listing/article that matches your needs. Keep track with what matters most to you. Choose from News Alerts, Job Alerts, Real Estate Alerts, and Portfolio Alerts.
Premium Content
  Subscribe to and enjoy our selection of premium content, which is only available to Fairfax Digital members, including:
News Archives: News Store allows you to search all Fairfax publications and ASX company announcements from 1990 to today. It's free to search, however a small charge applies if you would like to view the entire article.
PDA Subscriptions: Some Fairfax Digital sites are now available in a number of portable formats, including services specially designed for PDAs.
Remember, your privacy is protected by our privacy policy and you will not be spammed as a result of becoming a member.
Your Fairfax Digital member account and registration details are displayed at the top right-hand-corner of this email. Please keep this message for your future reference.
We hope that you find that your membership with Fairfax Digital makes your Internet experience even more useful. If you require assistance at any stage, please do not hesitate to contact us at support at fairfaxdigital.com.au
Kind regards,
Fairfax Digital Membership Services
Fairfax Digital recommends!
Your Membership Details
Username:cypherpunks at jfet.orgEmail address:cypherpunks at jfet.orgPreferred email format:html(with graphics)
We care about protecting your privacy, so please be sure to keep this email in a safe place. 
If you have not registered with Fairfax Digital or have otherwise received this email from Fairfax Digital by mistake, please email us at support at fairfaxdigital.com.au.
Fairfax Digital Privacy Policy |
Member Agreement |
Conditions of Use |
Contact Us
