
@_date: 2001-10-02 19:46:35
@_author: telegraph.co.uk 
@_subject: Are you In The Know? 
Demonstrate your genius and win 10 Ferraris for the weekend!
"Register now to play 'In The Know', the online quiz for the seriously clued-up - and win amazing prizes including a long weekend for you and 3 friends with 10 Ferraris and VIP-luxury in Italy." To register, click on the link below:
As a previously registered user of the Electronic Telegraph now telegraph.co.uk, we would like to invite you to play our new quiz - 'In The Know'.
Every day during the month-long quiz, we'll send you 10 brain-teasing multiple-choice questions, drawn from our new channels that include news, sport, travel, fashion and much more.
Answer the questions correctly and these incredible prizes could be yours: Grand Prize: This fantastic prize will be awarded to the person who correctly answers the questions in the quickest time over the duration of the competition. The winner will be asked to choose from:
10 Ferraris for the weekend for you and 3 friends. This once-in-a-lifetime experience includes 4 days spent touring Northern Italy in your chosen Ferraris, VIP treatment in the Ferrari museum and 3 nights in 4* hotels.
OR Exclusive use of Eddie Irvine's 85ft yacht for you and five friends. This VIP trip includes flights, helicopter transfers and 2 nights in a luxury hotel in Monte Carlo.
'In The Know' Prize Draw: You don't have to be the fastest though. Correctly complete 10 questions on at least 10 of the 20 competition days, and your name will be entered into a prize draw to win one of 6 prizes of 3,000GBP worth of Sony Home Entertainment products, including the brand new Sony Home Cinema Projector Cineza VPL-HS1 and a DVD, HiFi system. For more information on Sony products, click on the link below:
Daily Prizes: In addition, prizes worth up to 1,000GBP each, are up for grabs each day for those who correctly answer all 10 questions. An amazing selection of top-class experiences are available including a helicopter away day for two, lunch for four on the Orient Express, or a romantic champagne balloon flight for four, from buyagift.co.uk at:
It's who you know (as well as what you know)
If you recommend your friends to play, and they win any daily prize, you will win 500GBP!
So there are four ways to win (but you knew that already).
Show the world that you're 'In The Know' by registering now at: If you do not wish to receive future updates about telegraph.co.uk, please visit:

@_date: 2002-07-03 23:05:26
@_author: telegraph.co.uk 
@_subject: Monthly Update from telegraph.co.uk 
Dear John,
Welcome to the July edition of the telegraph.co.uk newsletter, with
news of the latest developments, special offers and competitions on
our site.
Shopping - Matt T-shirts for only GBP 15.00 He's the best in the business, the man who puts a smile on more than
2 million faces every morning. Now you can get T-shirts, mugs or
mouse-mats featuring classic gags from Matt, The Daily Telegraph's
very own cartoonist. Click here to order.
Majestic Wines - The Rosemount Case: just GBP 60 Catch this one before the sun goes in. Save more than GPB 25 on a
mixed dozen wines from top Australian producer Rosemount Estate. This
fantastic deal comes from the UK's biggest and best mixed case wine
retailer, Majestic Wine, and includes free delivery on mainland UK.
Click below to buy or to sign up for news of more generous offers
from Majestic.
Sport - Wimbledon Pour yourself a chilled white wine and keep up with the action from
Wimbledon on sport.telegraph.co.uk, featuring major matches and latest
news throughout the day.
If you're inspired to play yourself, visit the Sport Shop for 50% off
top brand tennis rackets.
We're also offering 40% off some great Reebok exercise equipment. And
now that professional footballers are reporting back for training, see
if you can match them with your own football table for just GBP 95.
Click here for the Sports Shop.
 Our new Insurance Shop on motoring.telegraph.co.uk is the best route
to online car insurance. Let our experts road-test the best sites.
Click here to get a quote. There are only eight weeks before the new registration on 1st September.
Find your new vehicle on our New Car Database. It lets you check out the
specification of every car available in the UK and compare models side
by side. Our Used Car Database features Vauxhalls to Volkswagens, Peugeots
to Porsches and everything in between. We have thousands of used cars from
approved sources and the stock is changed and updated daily.
Just click on the link below.
 You've still time to find a holiday. Look at our Late Breaks Travel
Bureau from Page & Moy - the very best late holiday deals to a wide
selection of destinations. The travel site is packed with information, events, guides and deals,
including exclusive Kuoni travel supplements, bringing you previews,
articles and offers on top worldwide destinations from Kuoni's 2003 brochure. Don't miss J'aime la France - a special report on our favourite getaway,
telling you the top spots to eat out and where to find those shopping bargains.
You can even sort out your money, with commission-free currency straight
to your door.
New on money.telegraph.co.uk:
Fund Point provides a comprehensive listing of Unit Trusts, with daily
updated prices and a wide selection of performance indicators and
analytical tools.
Share dealing is now available via IMIWeb.
Why not save on your Utility Bills, using our new Bill comparison service.
Your Money magazine:
Subscribe online to Your Money magazine, from the award-winning team
that brings you the Your Money section every Saturday.
The magazine is packed with plain speaking advice to help you make more
of your personal financial affairs. Pay just GBP 19.95 for a six issue
annual subscription, saving a further GBP 1 when you pay by direct debit.
To subscribe, click below or call the Your Money hotline on 0845 4502 555.
 BAA's UK airports are fast becoming a haven for smart shoppers with
little time, and infinite discernment. With the assortment of international
brands on offer, just minutes from your departure gate, it's easy to see why.
What's more, BAA's expert Personal Shoppers are there to help you find
exactly what you're looking for, every step of the way. There's even a
complimentary Shopping Collection service for passengers flying within the
EU, which allows you to pick up airside purchases upon your return.
To discover airside, click here.
 Demanding lifestyles, pollution, sun, cold and dietary imbalances can
all affect healthy living. Nutricentre's range of vitamin supplements
is designed to help achieve healthier living.
Click here for more.
 If you're travelling by train, go via Qjump. The site has teamed up with
travel.telegraph.co.uk to offer a fast, accurate and impartial service for
all UK rail journeys. Search for train times and buy tickets online to
avoid queuing at the station or on the phone. Click here to start your search:
 If you do not wish to receive the telegraph.co.uk registered user newsletter,
please click on the link below.
In accordance with the 1998 Data Protection Act, Telegraph Group Ltd and
Hollinger Telegraph New Media Ltd are committed to protecting your privacy.
If you wish to know more please access our Privacy Policy below.
 Information appearing on telegraph.co.uk is the copyright of Telegraph Group
Limited and must not be reproduced in any medium without a licence first
having been obtained. To find out more please access the Copyrights Policy below.

@_date: 2002-09-04 15:31:44
@_author: telegraph.co.uk 
@_subject: Update from telegraph.co.uk 
Dear John,
Welcome to the September edition of the telegraph.co.uk newsletter,
with news of the latest developments, special offers and competitions
on our site.
Try your hand at European football management with Telegraph Fantasy
Football Online. Click on the link below to enter your dream European
team into our brand new Champions League game. The format is the same
as our ever-popular Premiership competition and there is a top prize
of GBP 5,000 to be won. Why not challenge your friends to join you in
an online mini-league?
The Daily Telegraph is the official sponsor of the British International
Motorshow 2002, which takes place at Birmingham's NEC from October 23
to November 3. motoring.telegraph.co.uk is marking the event with a
mind boggling interactive Guess the Car game, in which you can win
tickets to the show. If you're not successful there, we're making it
easier to attend with an exclusive ticket offer where you can buy two
tickets for the price of one. Plus, log on to motoring.telegraph.co.uk
for Motorshow news and an archive of reports from previous motorshows,
from Paris to Detroit. And for the latest motoring news delivered to
your inbox each week, sign up to our weekly motoring bulletin and you
could win one of 150 free MOTs with Unipart. Click on the link below
for all these offers and more.
 Jobs Your CV looks smart, your interview skills are second to none, the
summer holidays are just about over and with the job market stronger
than it has been in a year, it's a great time to start looking for
that ideal job you've always dreamed about. jobs.telegraph.co.uk has
been helping people find just that for over six years. Log on now for
opportunities at every level, from MD or CEO to part time, full time
or temporary, there's a role that is right for you.
 Crosswords at your fingertips - coming soon.
Roundpoint and mobile.telegraph.co.uk have teamed up to provide you
with the freedom to take on your favourite puzzles, anywhere. A
combination of the intellectual genius of Telegraph crosswords
and the sweet portability of a PDA. Get all the latest crosswords
including the Cryptic, Quick and, on Sundays, General Knowledge,
delivered daily to your PDA.
Crosswords on the move: you'll wonder how you ever left home without
them. Click on the link below to find out more.
Money  There's never been a better time to look again at your portfolio
Shares are going cheap: this could be the time to buy.
money.telegraph.co.uk's Fund Point and Shares allow you to monitor
existing investments as well as track potential opportunities.
Click on the link below to get started:
The Daily Telegraph also offers a free guide to Investing for
Income - for more details call 0845 300 3419 or click on the link below:
Travel Summer's over - or is it? Thinking about where to go next? Now is
the time to plan and book your winter sun, ski or festive season
shopping break. travel.telegraph.co.uk is packed with guides, advice
and the best travel writing for thousands of destinations and you
can book your holiday online too. Win a luxury weekend break with
Qjump and Hilton hotels
Or check out the latest cruise offers from Page & Moy.
 Coventry Building Society The best internet savings rate*
Earn 4.40% AER/gross p.a. with the new savings account from Coventry
Building Society. You also get instant access, a CashLink card and
online account management 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Click here
for details.
*Source: Moneyfacts 20.08.02 for instant access internet accounts.
John Smith's
Are you a 'No Nonsense' sports reporter?
John Smith's have teamed up with The Daily Telegraph to give four
lucky readers the chance to have their own 'No Nonsense' sports
report published. All you need to do to enter is write a 100-word
sports article on a recent sporting event and you could be off to
South Africa for the Cricket World Cup. Click here to enter:
If you do not wish to receive the telegraph.co.uk registered user
newsletter, please click on the link below:
In accordance with the 1998 Data Protection Act, Telegraph Group Ltd
and Hollinger Telegraph New Media Ltd are committed to protecting
your privacy. If you wish to know more please access our Privacy
Policy here:
Information appearing on telegraph.co.uk is the copyright of Telegraph
Group Limited and must not be reproduced in any medium without a
licence first having been obtained. To find out more please access
the Copyrights Policy here
Click here for Terms and Conditions
Changes to the Terms and Conditions are made periodically. It is your
responsibility to check these as your continued use of telegraph.co.uk
after such changes are posted and constitutes your acceptance of these
terms and conditions as amended.
