
@_date: 2001-12-07 05:10:21
@_author: Tide Neighbor to Neighbor 
@_subject: Win $2500 of furniture from Bounce!    
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 20196 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-11-21 01:33:54
@_author: Tide Neighbor to Neighbor 
@_subject: Save $3.00 on Holiday Gift Bundles!   
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 26048 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-10-26 10:27:09
@_author: Tide Neighbor to Neighbor 
@_subject: Free VeggieTale Book from Downy -- Win a House from Home Made Simple    
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: not available
Type: text/html
Size: 21959 bytes
Desc: not available
URL:

@_date: 2001-09-20 19:03:52
@_author: Tide Neighbor to Neighbor 
@_subject: Over $3.50 in Coupons from Procter & Gamble!    
Hi, Richard!  Can you believe it? Summer is winding down, and Fall is just around the corner. With the seasonal change, comes quite a bit of rearranging, especially with your wardrobe! It's time to put away those shorts and tanks and unpack those sweaters and long pants. Whether the beginning of Fall means it's time for you to sweep clean your home or search the storage bins for cooler climate clothes - it no doubt takes a lot of energy and motivation to prepare your home for the long winter months ahead.
Let's get organized!
P.S.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to all of the families who were affected by our national tragedy.
Do your part to help support America's rescue and relief effort.
American Red Cross The Salvation Army PHYSIQUE OFFERS FREE SAMPLE
Time to slip away and fix another style fallen flat? Not with Physique, it isn't. Physique styling products are scientifically designed to help you create the look you want for 20 hours. Guaranteed. If you're looking to add time to your day, and more control over your look, check out Physique.com  and get a free sample CLOTHING CRISIS OF THE MONTH
This month's featured neighbor is Heather from Nashville, Tennessee:
It's always so hard for me to motivate myself to put away my swimsuit and sandals. This year I was even more discouraged when I started to pull out my Fall clothes and noticed a small spot of mildew on my favorite white sweater! Is there hope that I can still save my sweater after it has been sitting in storage for months untreated? Please Heather, you are not alone, so don't despair! Try these tips to help remove hidden stains, and learn how to keep your fabrics safe for seasonal storing. THIS MONTH'S TIPS
TIP 1
Mildew stains can be quite discouraging, but Tide may help remove those stains and help keep your clothes looking like new.
Before treating any garment, always refer to the care label instructions. Then, soak the garment for up to 30 minutes in a plastic bucket by adding 1/2 dose Tide(R) with Bleach per gallon of water. Weight the item with a white towel to keep the garment submerged. Discard soaking solution prior to laundering. Next, wash in one dose of Tide in warm water. Finally, line or air-dry and repeat the procedure if necessary.
Visit the Tide Stain Detective  for more stain-removal tips!
TIP 2
We all know the importance of keeping our clothes in the best possible condition. Some fabrics are simply too expensive to replace! Proper storage techniques will help to maintain the quality of fabrics and clothing, and increase their longevity.
Rule 1: Take precaution and always make sure you wash or dry-clean all clothes and linens before packing them away into storage. Often times clothes may not look dirty on the outside, but some stains don't always appear right away. In addition, insects are attracted to soils left on clothes, but cleaning them thoroughly will help to reduce this Rule 2: Make sure all clothing and fabrics are completely dry before packing them away into storage. Keep closet storage to a minimum, to allow for proper air circulation among your clothes. Make sure you keep your closets cool and dry to prevent mildew from affecting your Finally, try tossing a Bounce(R)  fabric softener sheet into the storage bins to add freshness to your clothes while in storage.
WANT TO BECOME OUR FEATURED NEIGHBOR?
If you have an interesting clothing care crisis you'd like to share, submit your story now. You might see your laundry crisis featured in a future newsletter!
COUPON UPDATES
Help us support UNICEF by looking for and redeeming valuable coupons in your September 30 Sunday newspaper! When you buy these featured products with the UNICEF coupon, Procter & Gamble will donate $.10 per redemption (up to $200,000) to "Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF!"
"Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF" helps to provide children around the world with health care, better nutrition, clean water and sanitation, education and emergency relief. Just by redeeming one coupon, that $.10 will provide a year's supply of vitamin A for two children!
To get your "Trick-or-Treat for UNICEF" box go to Check out the savings you can redeem on ONE any size of the following products with the UNICEF coupon!
$.50 - Tide product
$.50 - Bounce Fabric Refresher
$.25 - Bounce dryer sheets
$1.50 - Dryel product
$.25 - Downy Wrinkle Releaser
$.25 - Downy product
$.40 - Cascade product
$.20 - Dawn product
THIS MONTH IN FABRIC CARE HISTORY
The history of soapmaking dates back to the seventh century where it became an established craft in Europe. Italy, Spain and France became the primary centers for soap manufacturing because of their vast supplies of oil from olive trees. The American colonies began commercial soapmaking in 1608, when numerous soapmakers arrived in Jamestown, VA. In the early stages, soapmaking was considered a household chore, but later soapmaking became a noble profession.
THE PEOPLE IN OUR NEIGHBORHOOD... Say, what was that great tip on fighting grass stains in a past newsletter? Did you ever want to check out previous copies of the Neighbor-to-Neighbor newsletter? Well now you can! Check out these past issues:
 SPIN AND WINNERS Last month we asked you to tell us all about your summer vacation. Well, let's just say our readers certainly know how to "get-away!" Be sure to check out our three winning stories and submit one of your own at Spin and Win:
You could be our next big winner for a year's supply of Tide!
In August, our "Spin and Winners" were:
* Barbara from Fernandina Beach, FL
* Julie from Louisville, KY
* Shannon from Bothell, WA
HE Talk So, what is an HE washer anyway? These high-efficiency (HE) machines are considered the top-of-the-line washers in the industry. Usually, HE washers are "front loaders" but top loading machines are beginning to appear on the market. The HE machines offer many benefits over standard washing machines - they use 50% less water, allow you to wash larger loads, help save money on utility bills, and are more gentle on your clothes.
To learn more about HE washers, go to: Tide HE  and see our featured manufacturer links at the bottom of the page.
FOR MORE INFO...
Keep in touch with the Tide Community with Textures, the Tide website. Get expert fabric care advice, product information, and a chance to share stories of your own. Textures is your family's complete care resource. Visit us at:
 To unsubscribe at any time, forward this message to: mailto:Unsubscribe_Tide at newsletter.tide.com
