
@_date: 2001-06-08 18:59:47
@_author: tferrera2000 at yahoo.com 
@_subject: No subject 
You'll Never Join Another Program..........PERIOD
Interested in making LARGE sums of CASH Money honestly and legally?
Looking for something that you can work quietly out of your home?
Looking for something that requires very little money to start?
Interested in seeing your dreams become reality?
If you're ready to finally succeed at making money, using a system that is so easy a 12-year-old could do it, and if your're tired of trying programs that promise you a lot but
deliver little, then THIS is The LAST Program you'll ever need
to take a look at! Honest, you WILL have SUCCESS with this!
...You do not have to buy any merchandise.
...You do not have to sell anything.
...You do not have to mail thousands of letters (in fact, you
don't have to mail any letters!)
...This system is simple and virtually foolproof.
...You will receive CASH Money.
If you truly want to receive some SERIOUS cash money,
then you need to be a part of this! This system was designed for the average person. It doesn't matter what your status in life at this time because reguardless
what it is you can succeed.
CERTAINLY you must be tired of joining programs that are continually being shut down. Here's your chance to FINALLY receive the kind of cash money that has been eluding you all these years. It's time to get
rolling down the road to financial freedom with a program
that has been designed for your success and a team that TRULY
wants to make this happen for you!
Your first step is to  hit "reply" to this email with "TLP" in the
subject. Provide your name and home address in the email
Your second step is to sit back and wait for our response...you'll hear from us right away in your mailbox.
US Residents ONLY!!!-
Unless you have a friend or family member living in the US that
could be your sponsor and trusted with Large sums of Cash
Please accept our applogies if you received this email in error.
This is a one time mailing and there is no need for "un-subscribes."
