
@_date: 2004-04-21 01:28:11
@_author: Thad E. Starner 
@_subject: [wearables] mobile phone exploits:  bluejacking and remote monitoring 
aspects on mobile phones and need some help formalizing my ideas.
I've included an article on bluejacking (exploiting bluetooth to
extract info from mobile phones) below, but what I'm really interested
in is methods to turn on the microphone on a mobile phone without the
owner's awareness.  Has anyone done this or heard of an exploit to do
this yet?  I can see three methods off-hand:
1)  Bluejacking the phone, sending over a Java app, turning on the
    mic, and either
    a) sending the audio over bluetooth
    b) actually calling back the cracker's phone directly (either
immediately or in a
       time-delayed fashion)
    c) storing the audio on the owner's phone and then uploading the
       data at a later time (with PDA cell phones with 4G flash cards,
       you could store a full year's worth of speech)
2)  Having a Java (J2ME) trojan horse app on a website that, when the owner
    clicks on it, does variants of 1
3)  The "service provider" remote downloads software "updates" that do
    the same thing as   (Does anyone have specific knowledge of
    service providers uploading software updates remotely)
    a) because the service provider is being forced to do so by a
       government agency (e.g. in the US based on a subpoena using the FBI
       wiretap law, for example)
    b) because the service provider is actually a cracker who got the
       appropriate software update codes
    c) because the service provider just thinks this is a good idea
       for some reason (I can put together some pretty paranoid
       scenarios for this, but nothing that is really compelling yet)
(Note with some of these scenarios, the phone could actually look
    "off" because almost all phones use soft switches instead of
    actually disconnecting the  power)
Other things I'm interested in are
1) When the mobile phone is off, exciting the phone at the carrier
frequency, looking at the back scatter, characterizing the specific
characteristics of the phone, and then using these as a unique
signature that I can use the phone like a passive RFID.  I have a
pretty good source that says this is actually being done now, but I
can't use this info publicly.  Anyone have a source I can quote or
point to?
2) Using clusters of phones as phased array microphones.  Sumit Basu
did a phased array microphone based on mics in clothing where the
topology was changing.  Does anyone know if the math works well enough
to do this on a room full of cell phones in people's pockets?
Bluetooth May Put You
At Risk of Getting 'Snarfed'
By JEREMY WAGSTAFF
Staff Reporter of THE WALL STREET JOURNAL
April 15, 2004; Page D3
If you spot someone tailgating you on the road or standing next to you
wearing a backpack, then watch out: You may have been "snarfed." All the
data on your cellphone, including addresses, calendars, whom you called and
who called you, may now be in that person's computer.
Many cellphones use Bluetooth technology, which allows them to communicate
wirelessly with other Bluetooth-equipped devices -- computers,
personal-digital assistants and other cellphones. This means you don't need
a cable, for example, to synchronize the address books on your laptop and
your cellphone. It is convenient, but that makes it possible for someone to
steal your data, or even hijack your cellphone for their own purposes.
Last year, London security consultant AL Digital spotted flaws in the way
some Bluetooth cellphones swapped data with one another -- flaws that could
be used to gain unauthorized access to everything stored on that phone
without the user ever knowing. AL Digital's Adam Laurie, who discovered the
problem, shared his findings with cellphone makers and with the public
(leaving out the detail that might allow ne'er-do-wells to copy his
experiments at street level). He termed the trick Bluesnarfing.
Not a lot has happened since then. Nokia Corp., the market leader in the
cellphone industry, acknowledges the flaw but says in an e-mail response to
questions that it is "not aware of any attacks against Bluetooth-enabled
phones." Sony Ericsson, a joint venture of Telefon AB L.M. Ericsson and Sony
Corp., didn't reply to an e-mail. Even those highlighting the danger say
they haven't heard of specific attacks.
Still, these attacks -- also known as Bluejacking -- nevertheless are
possible. Mr. Laurie cites a scenario in which paparazzi could steal
celebrity data. He says he was able, with permission, to snarf from a
friend's phone details of her company's shops, door codes and safe
combinations. "There's any number of angles you can look at, and they are
all bad as far as I can see," he says.
Martin Herfurt, a 27-year-old German student at Salzburg's Research
Forschungsgesellschaft, last month set up a laptop at a technology trade
fair in Hannover, Germany, and ran a snarf attack. He found nearly 100
cellphones from which he could have stolen data, sent text messages or even
made calls. He has published his findings to prove that this kind of thing
can be done easily.
How does it work? The attacker can use a Bluetooth-enabled laptop to
discover other Bluetooth gadgets within range. Anything with Bluetooth
activated and set to "discoverable" will show up, usually identified by its
default device name. Being "discoverable" means your gadget is visible to
anyone searching, but even if it isn't, an attacker still can find it, using
software freely available on the Internet. The attacker then can use more
software to take, delete, change or add data.
So what is a consumer to do? Turn off Bluetooth on your phone unless you
really need it to communicate with your other gadgets. In most cases, phones
that have Bluetooth will have prominently displayed the fact on the box the
phone came in, or you can expect to find "Bluetooth" in the index of your
phone's manual. Otherwise, the Bluetooth settings can usually be found in
the "Communications" or "Connections" menu on your phone. More importantly,
there shouldn't be anything on your phone that you don't want someone else
to have.
Write to Jeremy Wagstaff at jeremy.wagstaff at feer.com4
--- end forwarded text

@_date: 2004-03-17 01:29:53
@_author: Thad E. Starner 
@_subject: [wearables] Wearable Computers and Body Privacy take 2 
Thanks to everyone for their comments so far.
Here is a second version of the article that sounds a little less,
uh, paranoid.  As usual, I'm trying to fit too much in too little
space, but this verison is a little cleaner.  See what y'all think.
Wearable Computers and Body Privacy
About 10 years ago, I made a bet with a colleague that the first large
wearable computing market would evolve from portable consumer
electronics like MP3 players instead of growing out of the mobile
phone market.  Apparently I am in the process of losing that bet.
Today's mobile phones are integrating wireless messaging, video and
audio recording, web browsing, e-mail, and many computing
applications.  Previously, these features could only be found on
prototype wearable computers.  With the addition of a high resolution
screen, such as MicroOptical's SV-6 head-up display, and a fast mobile
text entry method, such as Handykey's Twiddler one-handed keyboard,
these mobile phones will be very similar to our current research
prototypes, at least in hardware specifications.  With such additions,
much of Vernor Vinge's vision with respect to wearable computers in
his story ``Synthetic Serendipity'' will be possible for a large
consumer base.  In fact, many of wearable computing's early
demonstrations should be possible with this current generation of
mobile phones with embedded cameras: augmented realities where
computer graphics are overlaid on the physical world; sharing points
of view in real-time; ad hoc collaborations with remote colleagues;
and access to web search engines to provide assistance during a
conversation, for example.  However, I'd like to discuss a major
feature and challenge to these devices:  privacy.
Wearable computing may provide some privacy-protections for the field
of ubiquitous computing.  Many instantiations of ubiquitous computing
place cameras, microphones, and other sensors in the environment
around us.  Yet, who receives this information or provides controls
against logging it?  Who provides the money for installing and
maintaining the infrastructure and ensures that the infrastructure is
not perverted for improper use?
By concentrating sensing and data storage on the body, a wearable
computer allows its user to ``control his own bits.''  The user
determines when and where his data is released and how much to trust
the infrastructure around him.  For example, when a wearable user
enters work in the morning, he may instruct his wearable to inform his
office of his arrival so that his office unlocks his door or starts a
pot of coffee.  However, the user would probably tell his wearable not
to share his identity with billboards he walks past to avoid the sort
of targeted advertising portrayed in the film ``Minority Report.''  Of
course, some bargain hunters may choose to share their identity with
advertisers to obtain better deals, much like membership cards in
today's grocery stores.
While wearable computers provide the user a sense of physical security
and control over his private data, many people express concern over
potential violations of privacy for others who happen to be near the
wearable user.  In fact, wearable computers provide little new
recording capability.  Hidden cameras have been commonly available for
over two decades, and hidden body-worn microphones have been used for
over half a century.  In truth, much of the populace in developed
countries already carry a hidden microphone in their pockets - the
mobile phone.  While mobile phone users believe that their phones are
``off'' when not in use, most modern phones actually use a ``soft''
power switch which only turns off parts of the phone.  In theory, a
service provider, government agency, or technically savvy cracker
could reprogram a mobile phone to record or transmit the user's audio
without their knowledge!  Perhaps what we need is a legal concept of
``body privacy.''  Misuse of information sensed or stored on a user's
body should carry the same penalties as theft of personal items
carried on the body.  Similarly, the same burden of proving sufficient
cause should be required of law enforcement agencies when searching
body-worn devices as when searching the user's body.
Given today's technology, a mobile phone user might record all his
conversations himself.  While this possibility certainly exists, as a
society in general, we do not worry about our colleagues recording
confidential conversations and using the information against us.  Such
an action would be a violation of the implicit social contracts we
have already evolved for everyday life.  In some sense, our colleagues
are accountable in that, if the information is used inappropriately,
we know who to blame.  In my research group, we avoid even this
possibility by using noise canceling microphones with our wearable
computers.  While these microphones can hear the user's side of the
conversation, the microphone's physical characteristics are designed
to avoid capturing environmental noises such as the other person's
speech.  My conversational partner may choose to make his speech
available to my wearable through the use of his own noise-cancelling
microphone, but, again, he controls his own data.
By using a combination of physical sensor limitations, legal recourse,
and social conventions, I believe that wearable computers can improve
our lives while protecting our privacy.  However, in order to
determine the issues involved, we need communities of early adopters
to experiment with the use of these devices and encourage meaningful
discussion on the topic.
--- end forwarded text
