
@_date: 2001-02-07 06:40:36
@_author: Thankyou at AdvisorTeam.com 
@_subject: Keirsey Test 
Congratulations on taking the Keirsey Temperament Sorter - the number one online personality test.  You can return to  to retrieve your saved test results by using the following: *    Member Name: 	Cypherpunks at toad.com
*    Password: 		*********** (Encrypted here for security)
Use the password you used when registering or retrieve your password at If you feel you received this email in error, simply reply to this message with "Not Me" in the subject line and this account will be deleted.
We hope that what you've learned about your personality type will help you in your personal growth, career, and relationships with others.  Return often to view our updated content and learn about new personality based services. Watch out for our upcoming newsletters.  This month, we focus on Jobs and Careers ( And in February - "Valentine's Day--How Your Type Affects Your Relationships"
According to the information you provided at the beginning of the test, you have chosen to:
"SUBSCRIBE" to our FREE Newsletter - The AdvisorTeam.com "Personality Zone"
"NOT SUBSCRIBE" to our FREE AdvisorTeam.com Offers
We think you will be pleased with our Newsletter.  However you may have changed you mind. To sign-up for our AdvisorTeam.com Offers, simply reply to this message with "SUBSCRIBE OFFERS" or "UNSUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTER" in the subject line.
P.S. Take our relationship survey - Click here! At AdvisorTeam.com, we strive to develop creative and entertaining ways to teach you about Dr. Keirsey's insightful work on temperament.  Currently, we are working to fill our relationships section with useful information about how you can use your temperament knowledge in your lovelife. We invite you to take part in the ten-minute relationship survey that follows.  Your participation will be confidential, and the results will be used to help visitors to the site - assisting singles in looking for love and married couples to better understand their mates.
