
@_date: 2015-02-21 04:21:00
@_author: Thomas Serre 
@_subject: [Comp-neuro] RA position – Computer vision and automated behavioral analysis – Brown University (Providence, RI) 
RA position – Computer vision and automated behavioral analysis – Brown
University (Providence, RI)
Computational (Thomas Serre) and developmental (Dima Amso) labs in the
Department of Cognitive, Linguistic, & Psychological Sciences at Brown
university are seeking an NIH-funded research assistant to work on the
development of machine learning and computer vision tools, appropriate to
examining naturalistic interactions in typical and atypical development.
Candidates are expected to have some knowledge of computer vision and/or
machine learning methods. The initial appointment is for 12 months,
renewable for another year, and potentially longer depending on funding.
The start date is negotiable though an early start is strongly preferred.
Salary is commensurate with experience and is competitive.
Research groups:
Our research groups are located within the Department of Cognitive
Linguistic & Psychological sciences at Brown University. We maintain strong
ties with the computer science, engineering and applied math departments as
part of the Brain Institute. Through Brown’s Center for Computation and
Visualization ( our groups have access to a
state-of-the-art computing facility with includes over 300K GPU cores and
over 500 Teraflops of GPU computing power. Information about Dr. Serre and
his research group can be found at Information about Dr. Amso and her research group can be found at
Applicants are expected to have finished, or be about to finish a BS or MSc
in computer science or related discipline. They must have some background
in computer vision and/or machine learning. Excellent programming skills
are required (C/C++/Matlab/Python).
Please send your applications by email to
dima_amso at correct_university_name.edu where correct_university_name should
be replaced by ‘brown'. Please include a brief statement of interests, a
curriculum vita and contact details for 2-3 letters of reference (no
letters required at this stage). There is no deadline for the application
but applicants are encouraged to apply as soon as possible as the position
will be filled as soon as a suitable applicant is found.
Comp-neuro mailing list
Comp-neuro at neuroinf.org
