
@_date: 2005-11-08 16:54:48
@_author: Thomas =?iso-8859-1?Q?Sj=F6gren?= 
@_subject: gonzo cryptography; how would you improve existing 
References: Free open-source disk encryption software for Windows XP/2000/2003 and Linux
Main Features:
* It can create a virtual encrypted disk within a file and mount it as a real
* It can encrypt an entire hard disk partition or a device, such as USB memory
stick, floppy disk, etc.
* Provides two levels of plausible deniability, in case an adversary forces
you to reveal the password:
  1) Hidden volume (more information may be found here).
  2) No TrueCrypt volume can be identified (TrueCrypt volumes cannot be
distinguished from random data).
* Encryption algorithms: AES-256, Blowfish (448-bit key), CAST5, Serpent
(256-bit key), Triple DES, and
Twofish (256-bit key). Supports cascading (e.g., AES-Twofish-Serpent).
* Based on Encryption for the Masses (E4M) 2.02a, which was conceived in
Further information regarding the features of the software may be found in the
"Complete source code (in C) of the latest stable version of TrueCrypt for all
supported operating
systems and all supported hardware platforms" are available from
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]

@_date: 2005-10-05 23:20:14
@_author: Thomas Sj?gren 
@_subject: Handbook for bloggers and cyber-dissidents 
Reporters Without Borders (Reporters sans fronti?res, RSF) has
released a "Handbook for bloggers and cyber-dissidents":
Topics include:
  	How to blog anonymously
"Step five - Onion Routing through Tor
Given the complexity of the technology, Sarah is pleasantly surprised to
discover how easy it is to install Tor, an onion routing system. She
downloads an installer which installs Tor on her system, then downloads
and installs Privoxy, a proxy that works with Tor and has the pleasant
side benefit of removing most of the ads from the webpages Sarah views.
After installing the software and restarting her machine, Sarah checks
noreply.org and discovers that she is, in fact, successfully "cloaked"
by the Tor system - noreply.org thinks shes logging on from Harvard
University. She reloads, and now noreply thinks shes in Germany. From
this she concludes that Tor is changing her identity from request to
request, helping to protect her privacy.
This has some odd consequences. When she uses Google through Tor, it
keeps switching language on her. One search, its in English - another,
Japanese. Then German, Danish and Dutch, all in the course of a few
minutes. Sarah welcomes the opportunity to learn some new languages, but
shes concerned about some other consequences. Sarah likes to contribute
to Wikipedia, but discovers that Wikipedia blocks her attempts to edit
articles when shes using Tor.
Tor also seems to have some of the same problems Sarah was having with
other proxies. Her surfing slows down quite a bit, as compared to
surfing the web without a proxy - she finds that she ends up using Tor
only when shes accessing sensitive content or posting to her blog. And
shes once again tied to her home computer, since she cant install Tor on
a public machine very easily.
Most worrisome, though, she discovers that Tor sometimes stops working.
Evidently, her ISP is starting to block some Tor routers - when Tor
tries to use a blocked router, she can wait for minutes at a time, but
doesnt get the webpage shes requested."
Eugen* Leitl leitl
ICBM: 48.07100, 11.36820            8B29F6BE: 099D 78BA 2FD3 B014 B08A  7779 75B0 2443 8B29 F6BE
[demime 1.01d removed an attachment of type application/pgp-signature which had a name of signature.asc]
