
@_date: 1996-04-12 13:08:06
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: No matter where you go, there they are. 
While we may disagree with Ms. Denning on a number of political matters,
she's quite intelligent; I suspect the paper is well-founded.
GPS receivers are line-of-sight only; only a small portion of the earth can
see the same satellites.
GPS works by measuring the differing distances to a number of satellites.
Thus, a crucial factor of GPS reception is not just the signals from
satellites, but the different times at which these signals were received.
It might be possible to seperately record the signals from several
different satellites, delay them each just the right amount of time, and
then recombine them to simulate being at another nearby location (within
several hundred miles). However, this might not be possible. Examine the
following quote from Denning's paper:
:The location signature is virtually impossible to forge at the
:required accuracy. This is because the GPS observations at any given time
:are essentially unpredictable to high precision due to subtle satellite
:orbit perturbations, which are unknowable in real-time, and intentional
:signal instabilities  (dithering) imposed by the U.S. Department of Defense
:selective availability (SA) security policy.
It's possible that the orbit perturbations may be enough to screw up an
attempt to forge a signal; the variations in signal timings won't provide
enough information to an attacker to be able to accurately replicate what
the signal would look like at another location. It remains to be seen
whether it is reliably possible for the secure host, at its location, to
distinguish between an accurate signature and an inaccurate but plausible
forged signature.
Selective Availability doesn't really seem to matter that much, especially
since it's going to be phased out. (There was an announcement on this last
week, but I can't find a reference right now).
 - Tim
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-04-15 18:34:04
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: RC4 licensening 
If, for whatever reason, you decide to license RC4 from RSA, you have two
options: you can license BSAFE from RSA, or you can license RSAREF from
Consensus Development, which will soon be available with an RC4/RC2
implementation. Costs vary.
It's my understanding that RSA has threatened legal action against anyone
shipping RC4 without a license, but I don't know of any lawsuits that have
been filed.
 - Tim Dierks
Disclaimer: I am an employee of Consensus Development.
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-04-15 19:59:11
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: RSA-130 Falls to NFS - Lenstra Posting to sci.crypt.research 
Also, note that 512 bits is the current exportable limit for RSA encryption.
 - Tim
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-04-21 19:57:36
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: PGP's +makerandom is broken (was: Re: Article on PGP flaws) 
As true as this may be, it doesn't explain the original posters problem;
unseeded IDEA should generate data that looks every bit as random as data
which was fully seeded (otherwise IDEA leaks information). This should
raise a question regarding the utility of any post-facto measurement of
entropy; the stream of bits generate by IDEA encrypting zero values in CBC
mode with a key of zero clearly has little, if any, entropy, but the data
generated should be indistinguishable from true random data by all
statistical and pattern-recognition tests. See the discussion on
Basically, to get crypto-quality random numbers:
 1) Use a secure generator; any secure block cipher or hash function will do.
 2) Seed it well. This is entirely specific to your situation & platform,
and is unmeasurable for practical purposes.
 - Tim
Tim Dierks                                              timd at consensus.com
Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-04-23 14:37:01
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: DES as a stream cipher 
Just generate a stream of octets by running DES (or some other block
cipher) in the following mode:
C_-1 = IV
C_n = E_K(C_n-1)
i.e., start by encrypting the IV with your key, and thereafter generate a
block by encrypting the previous block with your key. Here the IV is
essentially part of the key.
XOR the resulting bits (or octets) with your plaintext to generate an
encrypted stream. Remember within your cipher's state the current output
block and how much of it you've used.
Note that if you reuse a key, you'll enable attacks that rely on the fact
that similar messages will produce similar ciphertext.
 - Tim Dierks
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-06-03 18:46:50
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: The Elevator Problem 
It doesn't seem to me like it needs to be this complex. Here's a couple of
protocols I can think of:
For a secret S:
Alice and Bob generate and exchange random nonces. Then they calculate the
HMAC of S using the other's nonce as the MAC secret. They exchange HMACs
and each verify that their peer has correctly calculated the HMAC given the
secret and the nonce.
 - or -
Each of Alice and Bob hash S and use the result as a symmetric encryption
key; they then attempt to exchange messages. If they can exchange messages,
they must have arrived at the same key, and thus be using the same S. To
avoid replay attacks, exchange nonces and use them as a part of the key
Note that neither of these reveals that you know S unless your peer knows
S; noone who doesn't know S can determine if Alice or Bob actually know S
or if they're using some other faked value (except for analysis of the
repercussions of the exchange).
 - Tim
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-05-11 10:39:10
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: PGP, Inc. 
The only effort they make is that when using the email-based CA, it mails
the certificate to the address within, so it's not trivial to get a cert
for an address that you don't have access to. (I'm not saying it's
impossible, or even hard, just that it requires some skill and effort).
 - Tim
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-05-11 15:59:37
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: PGP, Inc. 
If you'll examine my message, you'll see I was referring to the email-based
S/MIME class 1 CA.
 - Tim Dierks
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-05-18 04:35:51
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: RSAREF for Mac? 
Sorry for the delay. RSAREF for Mac is the same as any other RSAREF; RSAREF
is distributed as fairly portable C source. For a recent project, I just
added the sorce files to a Metrowerks project and built and it worked fine.
It compiles without errors or warnings on all the Mac platforms I've tried
thus far (it does generate "possible unintended assignment" warnings (for
assignments inside of if statements) if you've got that turned on).
If you're having problems, feel free to drop me a note.
 - Tim
Tim Dierks  --  timd at consensus.com  --  Head of Thing-u-ma-jig Engineering, Consensus Development

@_date: 1996-05-20 17:35:02
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
Not to mention the Schnorr patent, which is good until 2008. NIST has
claimed DSA doesn't infringe upon patents, but they won't necessarily help
you in court, let alone indemnify you. I think everyone is using RSA
because it's easy, safe and already widely deployed. Since you've got to
buy a BSAFE license to do any interesting commercial cryptography anyway,
why go through the hassle of another algorithm? Cylink is pushing DSA,
however, because with DSA + Diffie-Hellman, you get both encryption and
signing, thus providing a similar set of capabilities to RSA.
Note, also that a DSA implementation might be usable as to do ElGamal or
RSA encryption; I don't know whether generally available commercial /
exportable implementations can or not. [Applied Cryptography, 2nd ed.,
 - Tim
PS - Anyone know what the ASN.1 AlgorithmIDs and public key formats are for
DSS? I'd like to add support for DSS X.509 certs to my X.509 library. Even
better would be a couple of such certificates so I can test.
PPS - Any chance the original rumor surrounded RCA/Hughes' DSS satellite TV
system, and not the Digital Signature Standard, and we've all been barking
up the wrong tree?
Tim Dierks - Software Haruspex - tim at dierks.org
"That's the trouble with technology. It attracts people who have nothing
to say." - Muffey Kibbey, mother [Wall Street Journal, May 10 1996]

@_date: 1997-01-20 11:13:00
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: Question on Diffie-Hellman patent 
As a result of the GATT treaty, patent expiration times for some US patents
changed. The international standard is 20 years from filing, while old US
law was 17 years from issue. On the day which GATT took force for the US
(June 8, 1995), all outstanding patents' expiration dates were changed to
20 years from filing or 17 years from issue, whichever is later. This
affects some cryptography patents as follows:
Here's a summary of some relevant crypto patents:
 Name             Number     Filed          Issued          Expires
Diffie-Hellman   4,200,770  Sept. 6, 1977  Apr. 29, 1980   Sept. 6, 1997
Hellman-Merkle   4,218,582  Oct. 6, 1977   Aug. 19, 1980   Oct. 6, 1997
RSA              4,405,829  Dec. 14, 1977  Sept. 20, 1983  Sept. 20, 2000
Data from  - Tim
Tim Dierks - timd at consensus.com -      Software Haruspex - Consensus Development
  Developer of SSL Plus: SSL 3.0 Integration Suite

@_date: 1997-07-30 08:35:45
@_author: Tim Dierks 
@_subject: Attorneys: RSA patent invalid 
In truth, issues surrounding the functionality and licensing requirements
of RSAREF meant that it wasn't a sustainable business for us, so we decided
to return the rights to RSA. The license fee was no upfront + 5%. While the
upfront was cheap, the percentage was significantly higher than what can be
negotiated for BSAFE from RSA. This, plus the limited functionality of the
RSAREF toolkit (both technically and due to license restrictions), meant
that most customers preferred to just get BSAFE. This limited commercial
demand is the same reason why we currently don't support RSAREF in SSL Plus.
Please cc me on any responses, as I don't read Cypherpunks any more. (I
found this posting on Bob Hettinga's e$pam).
 - Tim
Tim Dierks - timd at consensus.com -      Software Haruspex - Consensus Development
  Developer of SSL Plus: SSL 3.0 Integration Suite
