
@_date: 1997-03-08 05:20:38
@_author: TIMOTHY at CCU1.AUCKLAND.AC.NZ 
@_subject: $2 to $20 per share in less than a year. 
$2 to $20 per share in a year! Yeah sure what a joke! That is probably what you are thinking. I would be thinking the same thing, if someone told me the same thing. But the facts speak for themselves and they reveal what will happen,
if you are or are not involved.          The company is Westrend on the Vancouver stock exchange. Ticker WRV
 and WTNGF. Alamo Logging Services Inc. ("Alamo")
The company announced that it intends to acquire Alamo upon terms yet to be
negotiated. Alamo has been in the oil & gas logging business in south central Texas
for over 4 years. It is been consistently profitable and has an excellent reputation
with several major operators in the area, including Texaco, UPRC, and Chessepeake.
As an oil & gas logging company, Alamo provides operators with a graphic "look" at
what they are drilling through. This is important as it advises drilling technicians
where they should focus their drilling efforts for optimum results. As a result of
being able to offer this service as part of its drilling package, Westrend is able to
offer operators a comprehensive approach for their drilling requirements.
They got ALAMO
Precision Horizontal, Inc. ("Precision")
The purchase of Precision was completed on June 24, 1996. From this point
forward, Precision's earnings will be consolidated into Westrend's financial
statements. Precision's unaudited financial statements show a profit of US $171,785
for the fiscal year ending January 31, 1996 and appraised assets of over
US $2,000,000. We estimate Precision's gross earnings will exceed $200,000 from
February 1, 1996 to June 30, 1996.
Precision specializes in the drilling of horizontal oil & gas wells using its own short
radius and conventional mid radius steering tools. Precision is able to provide
complete well drilling services to meet the demands of most operators.
Precision successfully completed the first of a series of "re-entry" wells in 1995 in
conjunction with the US Department of Energy and the University of Michigan. It is
being invited back to complete several wells in the fall in response to the very
favourable results from the first well.
Precision has several opportunities before it including several working interest and
retail wells in Oklahoma and Tennessee. These are currently being negotiated.
They got those too.
Adjusted Target: $8-10 - Time Frame: 6 months Adjusted Target: $15-20 - Time Frame: 12 months Dividends: .05 - .10 /share Get the scoop and the package: 1-888-784-6837 Info: ***** 1) Press Release due this week. 2) Press coverage in the Vancouver SUN 3) Press coverage in the Financial Post 4) Earnings could be as high as .60++ this year. 5) Nasdaq Listing in July after dividends are announced. 6) Large investor network plugged in last Thursday. 7) Very near term $3-5. 8) Approx. estimate shakeout at $2 is 500,000, this is needed. Stock must be cleaned out. Do not get shook out. 9) Will probably trade $1.90 - $2.10 for a couple days. Average Up opportunity. 10) Approx. 90% of stock is in friendly hands. Friendly = educated people in for long term. "Approximate CRASH time. WHY? STOP LOSS ORDERS. YOU SHOULD NEVER PUT IT A STOP LOSS ORDER. THE TRADERS ON THE FLOOR WILL PURPOSELY DIP IT BELOW YOUR STOP LOSS POINT AND YOU WILL DUMP YOUR SHARES KILLING THE MARKET WE HAVE WORKED SO HARD TO MAINTAIN. STOP LOSS ORDERS TELL ME YOU HAVE NO CONFIDENCE IN THE STOCK AND A SLIGHT PRICE SWING CAUSES YOU TO BAIL ON A STOCK HEADED FOR $10???? DOES THIS MAKE SENSE???? THIS IS NO B.S. STOCK PLAY. THIS IS NOT CRAP. THIS IS A COMPANY WITH EXCELLERATED EARNINGS AND UNLIMITTED POTENTIAL. YOU SHOULD SLEEP AT NIGHT AND HAVE NO WORRIES BUYING $3 STOCK. GREENLINE HAD STOP LOSS ORDERS IN AND DUMPED 50,000 SHARES. HELLO? I AM JUST HOPING IT WAS NOT ONE OF MY READERS. YOU HAVE JUST SOLD A HUGE POSITION IN AN AMAZING STOCK TO THE BOTTOM FEEDERS. 50,000 SHARES X $10 IS $500,000 LATER THIS YEAR. STUPIDITY. "
"I have been told to tell you, and I totally agree, that IF YOU PEOPLE ARE SO NERVOUS ABOUT SLIGHT CORRECTIONS THE I SUGGEST YOU EXIT THE STOCK GRACEFULLY. I DO NOT WANT TO HOLD HANDS. I FEEL LIKE BANGING MY HEAD ON THE WALL WHEN I SEE THE CRAP THAT HAPPENED TODAY. THIS IS NOT A HYPED STOCK. THIS IS AN EARNINGS STOCK AND I CAN'T WAIT TILL IT GETS OFF THE VSE AND ONTO A RESPECTABLE EXCHANGE. The Press Release this morning: ---------------- Westrend Natural Gas Inc WRN Shares issued 16041157 1997-03-03 close $1.79 Wednesday Mar 5 1997 News Release Mr Mark Roberts reports This press release clarifies the financial projections stated by management in its March 3 1997 original press release. The projections were based on a number of assumptions and hypotheses which are detailed below. The company has provided the exchange with a projected consolidated statement of operations for the relevant 12 month period, together with a detailed breakdown of projected results for each corporate division. The time period covered by the projections is 12 months beginning May 1 1997. The rationale for the start date is that substantially all of the referenced trucks & equipment are expected to have been purchased and/or supplied by that date. This is consistent with the disclosure in the original press release wherein the company stated projections were based on the assumptions that purchases of equipment would be complete and the equipment would be fully utilized. The projections are designed to demonstrate earnings expected if the proceeds from the referenced private placement financings were applied in the manner stated and may not be appropriate for other purposes. Management confirms that the net revenue figures stated in the original press release for each of its corporate divisions were prepared on a before tax basis. Arising from the detailed review of the projections requested by the exchange, management have determined that the net revenue before tax figures should have been stated at a slightly higher level and are accordingly so stated below. Management have been advised by the exchange, in accordance with the requirements of Exchange Policy 7 and the adoption therein of the principles contained in the CICA Handbook, that earnings per share must be calculated on an after tax basis. Management was employing managerial accounting principles and hence the income tax consideration was omitted from such calculations. The diluted share total of 24.8 million shares was calculated by adding the current 18,508,484 issued and outstanding shares, 1,538,461 deemed shares from the recently completed special warrant placement, 1,300,000 deemed shares from the $780,000 placement (which will be special warrants), 2,000,000 deemed shares from the $1.6 million placement (which will be special warrants) and 1,500,000 shares which is the maximum issuable on the acquisition of Alamo. The share total does not include exercise of any outstanding share purchase warrants or stock options. There are no other proposed issuances of shares by Westrend. Accordingly, Westrend is re-stating the net income before tax numbers for each corporate division, net income before tax as a whole, net income before tax per share, and earnings per share numbers, as follows: All dollar amounts in this release are in US dollars unless stated otherwise. Projected net profit before income tax (a) Alamo Wireline $4,042,500 (b) Precision Horizontal Inc 1,641,000 (e) Taylor Rig 1,490,000 Projected Net Income before tax (after deduction of parent company projected expenses of $600,000) $6,573,500 Projected net income $5,048,448 Net income before tax per share (on 24.8m shares) US$0.27/share C$0.37/share Consolidated earnings per share (after tax on 24.8m shares) US$0.20/share C$0.28/share The projections are designed to demonstrate earnings expected if the proceeds from the referenced C$780,000 and C$1.6 million private placement financings were applied in the manner stated. The projections have been prepared using assumptions that reflect Westrend's planned courses of action for the period covered given management's judgment as to the most probable set of economic conditions, together with one or more hypotheses that are assumptions which are consistent with the purpose of the information but are not necessarily the most probable in management's judgement. The overall assumptions are as follows: 1. The parent company, Westrend, will have expenses of approximately US$600,000 during the period. 2. The two recently announced private placements of C$780,000 and C$1.6 million will have been closed well in advance of May 1 1997. 3. As more specifically stated below, that the majority of the equipment purchases will have been completed by May 1 1997. 4. As more specifically stated below, arising from the significantly increased demand for the services that Westrend is planning to be able to offer to the oil & gas industry, that reasonable utilization/service rates are obtainable. 5. It is hypothesized that for the period, the existing strong demand for the types of services that Westrend plans to offer, will remain throughout. Management believe there is sufficient analysis published in trade publications to support this view. 6. The US corporate tax rate for companies of the nature of Westrend and its subsidiaries in Texas is assumed to be 23.2%. 7. All figures are estimated to be within plus or minus 15%. The specific assumptions and hypotheses for each corporate division are as follows: 1. Taylor Rig The following assumptions and hypotheses have been made: a) Revenues are based on the assumption that 23 service rigs and 15 wireline trucks (two at cost to Alamo) will be sold in the 12 month period; Service Rigs b) It is assumed that on average the service rigs will sell at prices equal to $350,000 (all figures in US dollars) as being reflective of market; Wireline Trucks c) It is assumed that the average wireline truck sold will carry a sufficient number of options to be priced at $250,000 per truck as being reflective of market; and d) It is assumed that once Taylor Rig has filled Alamo's initial order, sales will run at one per month. 2. Alamo Wireline The following hypotheses and assumptions have been made: a) Alamo will be operating seven wireline trucks during the period, each truck operating 20 days per month at between $3,300 and $3,900 per day. During the period, direct operating costs will be approximately $1,025,500, wages and salaries will be approximately $690,000, and equipment debt repayment will be approximately $71,000; b) Alamo will benefit from significant economies of scale by running seven trucks out of one main office, and a minor satellite Louisiana office, up from two trucks; c) Alamo will use the five additional trucks at lower cost and greater efficiency due to Alamo being able to purchase brand new equipment, and Alamo will benefit from its strategic alliance with Precision Horizontal Inc, a subsidiary of Westrend, since a package of services can he offered to customers, particularly MWD services in conjunction with wireline logging; d) Any slippage in net profits per truck are assumed to be picked up by a probable expansion of Alamo's fleet of trucks which can be funded out of projected cash flow; e) As stated in the original press release, Alamo is hiring experienced, well-connected wireline logging services salesmen who are assumed, along with Alamo's existing sales manager and possible further additions, to be capable of finding sufficient work immediately for the four new trucks to be delivered by Taylor Rig on May 1 1997; and f) The current expansion in oil & gas drilling activity which has engendered strong demand for wireline logging services is assumed to hold steady during the period. 3. Precision Horizontal Inc The following hypotheses and assumptions have been made: a) Precision will be contracted to provide its horizontal drilling services at $7,000 per day, 22 days per month, and incurring approximate operating costs for its horizontal drilling business of $719,000, and wages and salaries of $205,000; b) Precision will have acquired two MWD systems that will each be operated at $4,000 per day, 20 days per month, incurring approximate operating costs of $602,000, and wages and salaries of $205,000; c) It is assumed that the strong demand for MWD services will remain strong throughout the period; d) It is assumed that the second system of MWD equipment can be financed out of a combination of working capital and funds out of projected cash flow; e) The MWD business of Precision will benefit from its strategic alliance with Alamo since a package of services can be offered to customers; and f) A marketing program in conjunction with Alamo will be set up to secure a steady supply of business for both horizontal drilling and MWD; g) The current expansion in oil & gas drilling activity which has engendered strong demand for wireline logging services is assumed to hold steady during the period. Actual results achieved for the period covered will vary from the information presented and that variation may be material.
