
@_date: 1994-11-29 13:03:55
@_author: Tom Bryce 
@_subject: whats all this nonsense 
I just signed onto this list. What the hell is all this nonsense that I hear
about mandating PGP signed messages?
I thought the whole grassroots crypto thing was about protecting privacy
rights and individual liberty and all that. So what if someone wants to
post a message to cypherpunks AND DOES NOT WANT ANYONE TO BE ABLE TO PROVE THEY WROTE THE MESSAGE. Whether because they fear legal prosecution, or some other social consequence down the line, or whatever. It's everyone's
personal choice whether they want their name nailed down unmistakably to given messages of personal/political/WHATEVER nature. It seems heinously
against the spirit of this list to mandate that pople append an unforgeable
digital signature to everything they feel like saying to the list so that
anyone, anywhere can prove that they said a particular thing at a partic
time. If you have a problem with what someone said and want to verify its
authenticity, why not just send them an email and ask them to sign the message personally?

@_date: 1994-11-29 16:28:41
@_author: Tom Bryce 
@_subject: Mandatory message signing 
I guess so. :)
Hmmm. But even with a psuedonym like that, people can still claim you were
Dr. Death, and Dr. Death will have posted enough stuff about enough
things so the Dr. and you can be linked fairly certainly, isn't this right?
There's a reason why one should prefer the telephone over mail for many
matters. That is, no one can record your call (legally) and prove that you
said a certain thing at a certain time, while they can keep your letter
and prove you wrote a certain thing. Honestly, the chance of someone
posting a fraudulent message under someone else's email address to the
cypherpunks list is pretty slim, but that possibility (or the chance
that they left their computer on and someone sent something, etc.) leaves you plausible deniability if you ever want it. If one has to sign all their posts with their pgp key, or conversely with
a psuedonym generated for the purpose, to me, that's beginning a dangerous practice of using the technology to invade peoples' privacy
instead of expand their privacy possibilities. People who want a psuedonym
identity and who want their messages to be verified against a PGP signature
can easily choose to do so, presently, and if you wanted to, you could
append a notice to the end of an unsigned message: NOTE: The preceding message was not accompanied by a digital signature, and its authenticity
may be suspect. But I guess I just don't see why people should have to
sign their messages under some given key to contribute to the group. Unless you generated and registered a new key for every message you
wanted to post, there would still be unforgeable evidence linking you
or your psuedonym to a series of posts. And if there was a series of posts from your psuedonym, that increases the chances it could be linked
to you. And besides that, you might want to post free and clear and sign
your name to it, and forget the hiding behind a psuedonym stuff. Just
you don't want to sign the message digitally. This seems like a perfectly
valid choice that users should have the privacy rights and freedom to
