
@_date: 1994-09-20 15:19:28
@_author: TJHARDIN at delphi.com 
@_subject: Virtual assasins and lethal rema 
Adam is absolutely right. A somewhat similar case comes to mind that
a few years back. Remember the SOF contract cases? Ads for "high risk
employment" were placed in SOF by hired killers & employers responded to
drops. Although not as anonymous as what we are discussing, interception of
those communications did not break those cases. It was good old fashioned
police work combined with mistakes on the part of employers & employees.
after the case was pretty well solved was the method of hiring revealed (by
suspects talking.) SOF paid a big civil judgement & agreed to stop running
personal employment adverts. Even if a killer is so anonymous that she can't
be linked to a given crime by the employer who will talk  99.9% of the time
any pressure is applied, she must still continue to accept various
The police would then set up one of their stings & "hire" her anonymously
for another job & snatch the killer up when she attempts to fullfill this contract. Likewise, the very first offer of employment may well be of this
sort. All of this presupposes that there are still some police around, which I
kinda hope they aren't. They have rarely been around when I needed them &
with all the moraline addicts they have to fix they don't have time for real
crimes against person & property anymore.
tjh pgp261 available

@_date: 1994-09-21 03:18:34
@_author: TJHARDIN at delphi.com 
@_subject: Virtual Assassins & lethal remailers 
(Doug Cutrell) doug at OpenMind.com writes
Sorry to have to repost on this, I only meant to make a brief point. To the following --> To this entire point I must say
Au Contraire!The person at greatest risk *is* the person placing the
contract. This is the employer whom I said would fold under pressure 99.9% of the time. If the police are still around,they will use the classic investigatory method of cui bono? Who benefits? Who has motive?This was Adam's point & the one I was emphasizing. Even if the payment is untraceable, the police have often succeeded in bluffing suspects into confessing to
crimes for which strong suspicions existed, but evidence proving guilt was entirely lacking. This will not change as human nature will not fundamentally
As far as the assassin being unable to link the employer to the crime, or know
who hired her, this is fine in theory, but it is likely that she two will ask
the same question regarding the job, cui bono? & coming to the same conclusion.
When arrested later for some other offense, merely providing law enforcement with
the time, place, victim, & payment for various jobs will be enough to convict or
scare most employers into confessing. After all the impatient heir will no longer
be able to claim that Uncle Scrooge was a tragic victim of random violence.
Now I know the idea is to reach a state where police forces no longer exist. But
let's be realistic. -Publicly Supported- morality or Political Correctness Cheka's
such as we know today will hopefully cease to exist, but it is extremely likely that
Private Police squads will be hired by individuals & groups for protection & revenge.
Such units/individuals have a long history in this country, & I knew (verrry casually-
we frequented the same Houston New Wave hangout, Rudyard's in the early 80's) a hired
killer named David West who was tripped up by a femme fatale hired by a private dick
named Clyde Wilson who was hired by the victims' other daughters to get at the daughter
who arranged their parents' murders. The case was solved entirely by these private cops
& only turned over to HPD for arrest & prosecution. I am sure that if no HPD or State
of Texas existed, the "good" daughters would have paid Clyde Wilson for more than just
investigation. Actually, the natural condition of humans in anything more complicated
than a small scale subsistence bands seems to be not living under powerful states, but
rather private armies, condottieri, vendettas, etc. This was the state of affairs in
the Italian Renaisance & which one of us would choose the deadly dull certainties of
the Middle Age's dogmatic fideism over the brilliant explosion of that great liberation
of the human spirit & potential? No one reads Aquin-ass- anymore or even knows who he was
but the Borgias, Machiavelli, & Michelangelo are still remembered, read with profit, &
restored...respectively even now.
tjh 2.61 available

@_date: 1994-09-30 23:09:33
@_author: TJHARDIN at delphi.com 
@_subject: AT&T YOU WILL Bumper sticker in EPS 
Hey C'punks!
Dave's At&T bumper stickers are great. I have slightly modified the design
by making the "Death Star" logo larger & in the original color for those
with color capability. (Should work fine in B&W also) I have also redone
the type in Post Script 1 vector format. My slightly reworked bumper sticker
artwork is available in 2 vector formats that I just uploaded to cypherpunks.
ATTEPS.UUE  8k is an EPS file that is zipped & uuencoded.
ATTPDF.UUE 13.7k is in the new Adobe Acrobat format, also zipped & uue'd.
If you need them by  E-mail, I'll be glad to comply. I can probably convert to
most grafix formats & can send zips, zoos, gz's, &tars either UUE or PGP
ascii armour.
Enjoy & help get this Meme into circulation
tjh -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.1
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
