
@_date: 1995-12-13 02:38:33
@_author: Terence Joseph Mallon 
@_subject: YOUR ADVICE AND HELP PLEASE...... 
Dear fellow Cypherpunks,
I write to ask for your help.
In the new year I am to begin a three level internet course - beginners,
intermediate and advanced. Both privacy and security have been and are an
interest of mine  and unlike many courses which I have approached and
conversed with I do not see these areas as some remote aspect of the
advanced level - I see them as constituents of each level, through out the
levels, and certainly from the beginning - as I have lurked here for the
past while as a subscriber and prior that from afar I believe we all would
agree with this.
Yes, I am a virgin cypherpunk but not a virgin to both privacy and security
as growing up in Northern Ireland I have seen them both in abundance and at
other times lacking - the official / the unofficial - how they both took
away life....
What I write to ask for is some pointers to direct me and if possible some
personal comments in regards to these aspects. I personally use PGP but am
ignorant to where this program is in the broader field of cryptography and
what other programs are which have been mentioned on the mailing list.
Excuse my lack of knowledge in technical terms but I am acute to them in
the realm of the street. THE STREETS HAVE CHANGED TO CABLES AND THE
BUILDINGS HAVE BECOME CPUs - WE ARE ALL
Can you please help me, as this information shall be passed on to others to
make them aware and to help them - as it has helped you all, as it is
helping me....
Thanking you all, in anticipation of hearing from you and wishing all a
very happy as well as a safe Xmas and a lucky new year.
Yours faithfully,
"Irish eyes are smiling, I miss the emerald isle."
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-01-17 22:42:44
@_author: Terence Joseph Mallon 
@_subject: THE RECIPROCAL ?...... 
Dear Cypherpunks,
Speaking to a colleague who works at Queen's University of Belfast about
the speculation of someone recently breaking PGP her response was, although
short, very interesting which I thought may be of interest to the
"When people talk of encryption they use the word break, they are
approaching from one way but not the only way. I am at present trying the
reciprocal, that is, to mend."
I asked her to go into more detail but she declined saying that.....
"The early experiments have worked."
What this means I don't know and she never anwsered whom the work was for
but maybe this is a route which one has not considered - if at all it
exists......the reciprocal ?.....
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-01-18 00:17:38
@_author: Terence Joseph Mallon 
@_subject: The object.... 
Dear Mr. McNally,
A correction. I did not say the statement. I submitted it. You have
constructed a context which was not in the original email. By posting just
a segment to the list you no doubt have created what you wanted.....you
remind me of a person that I know -  a journalist.....
The submission was because I felt that it would be of interest to someone,
if you did not find it so, such is life........
Your comments at the bottom of the email.....well....good luck with your
monoply, I hope you pass go soon......
"Its funny how those who fight against tyranny eventually become tyrants."
Mr. McNally, I did write this.
