
@_date: 1994-04-01 23:37:10
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy 
hello. could someone tell me what is meant by the term `cryptoanarchy'?

@_date: 1994-04-02 01:03:35
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: what the @#$%^&* is going on with the list?! 
is there something wrong with the remailers? there seems to be some strange
feedback loop going on between them and the list. is anyone else having this

@_date: 1994-04-04 08:12:58
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: wrong place at wrong time... 
hello, whoever this `detweiler' person is you really seem to hate him.
i appear to have been in the wrong place at the wrong time. would you
like me to change my login name to something different so you don't
confuse me with him? i think i heard it only costs $10 or so. yes,
i do post from denver but i thought i heard detweiler was posting
from somewhere else in colorado. (of course, geography is pretty meaningless in cyberspace.) yes, i am something of a newbie to this
list. i heard about it out in talk.politics.crypto or something like
that. i have also been reading up on your remailers from the public
domain stuff out there (soda.berkeley.edu, etc.)
the issues of `detweilering' do bring up some interesting questions. it seems to me that merely charging for access to remailers is not
a sufficient deterrent (although it would have some effect). consider
this argument: top-notch explosives can be very expensive, but that
doesn't prevent terrorists from using them. in fact, it just has
the effect of deterring the use of them by `casual' terrorists.
wouldn't it be simpler to put limits on message propagation through a remailer? for example, limiting the volume of mail from a given
source address?
other interesting issues raised by `detweilering': hal finney forbids
detweiler from using his remailer at any time. but (hello? is anyone
home?) remailers operate on precisely the principle that names are
irrelevant. how can you forbid anyone from doing something when you have no way of *identifying* them? how do you know what their mail
aliases are? i wouldn't be surprised if hal finney censors *me*
from his mailers just because he *suspects* that i am detweiler (ouch!).
i think everyone here needs to be reminded why names were *invented*--
so that people can attribute actions to various individuals. it is
`social ettiquete'. now, in some cases you may say that there is no
need to attribute a name to an action (such as a posting) but then
it seems you have no right to complain about `detweilers'.
consider this-- suppose that i really hate t.c.may (this is just an
example). i would like to screen my mailbox of everything he writes.
but if he has dozens of imaginary aliases on netcom.com, each individually
pretending to be a real person, how can i do this? it would be impossible.
and don't say that the cost of multiple addresses would be a deterrent.
what if he is a bored millionaire with nothing better to do? what
if detweiler is a bored millionaire as well? apparently (from what i
can determine) he seems to be endlessly entertained by harassing cypherpunks. and the criteria `that's an annoying post' is obviously
not a very effective way of identifying him.
so, `cypherpunks', you might consider the following problem. is it possible
to have a system where there are multiple aliases allowed to a given person,
and comparison between aliases (does alias1 == alias2) is permitted, but
anonymity is generally preserved? one possibility is to remove screening
one level from the users. that is, i tell a central server `stop sending
me all posts generated by [alias1]'. if certain people suddenly disappear
from my view that would be highly incriminating but not conclusive that
they are all the same person.
p.s. if detweiler is using the initials `tmp' (which he is judging by
the FAQ piece that was reposted here) does anyone know what they
stand for?
p.p.s. can anyone tell me of recent press or media accounts of cypherpunk
activity? thanks.
p.p.p.s. try not to be so paranoid about `detweilers'. seems to me  that
if all he does is bang on a keyboard he is probably quite harmless. but
then again, that's all that mitnick and morris did

@_date: 1994-04-04 13:07:01
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: rights in cyberspace 
t.c. may argues against codifying a sort of `bill of rights' or `magna carta'
for cyberspace, saying that these documents tend to become meaningless
from empty promises. but, on the other hand, what is the point of the
nation's bill of rights? we could argue that the concept of `free speech'
is meaningless in the realm of private industry, yet we still have a bill
of rights that guarantees us certain rights. where, precisely, are we
guaranteed these rights to e.g. free speech, freedom of assembly, etc?
do the cypherpunks believe in the u.s. constitution as sacred or not?
i think something that `cypherpunk' ideology often misses is the concept
of a community. this mailing list is a community. most of cyberspace is
a community. when you yell at a site administrator to censor e.g. detweiler,
you are exercising a role in that community (as is he). and the bottom
line is that communities *demand* rules. otherwise, one only has anarchy.
do you really *like* anarchy? keep in mind that `detweilering' seems to thrive in it IMHO anyone who argues that cyberspace does not require a bill of rights
similar to the one we have in the `real world' is essentially mistaken.
t.c. may argues that these kinds of `accesses' such as cheap connections
etc. will arise naturually via private enterprise and competition. but!
this just doesn't hold out in what might be termed the `pathological' situations. consider that all the internet providers decide they can make
a lot of money from collusion. what is to prevent them from price fixing?
also, i have seen t.c. may essentially condone the practice of private
companies censoring their users from internet access. but, correct me
if i'm wrong, there is *only* access through the internet through
private companies! what if they all decided to censor a particular user?
suppose you want to create your own company-- they could just as easily
decide to deny service to your company!!
this is why we have a government, `punks'-- it is a sort of `codified
community'. we are guaranteed freedom of speech and assembly etc. in
any forums associated with the *government* the bill of rights ensures
you certain minimum expectations.
one solution to this on the internet would be to create a subnetwork
in which rights of users, as well as laws governing their freedoms,
are codified. people who subscribe to the network are committing to
upholding the charter of the overall organization in return for their
`minimal expectations'. some of these expectations might be:
1. right not to be censored for most forms of speech or net use.
2. if someone tries to censor them, that a `due process' ensue 3. this might be something like a `trial by one's peers'
4. the accused would have the right to confront accusors
etc. note that these have been recognized as basic human rights for
centuries, and they are very sensibly applied to cyberspace. now,
the organization of other users also has a certain set of laws they
adhere to:
1. allowed to censor sites/users that `misbehave' by initiating the `due process'
2. expectation of identity-- in joining the system a site makes guarantees
that they will not forge mail by users or other sites, etc.
3. a police force representing the authority of the organization over
members would be required for enforcement.
we could call this the `cyberspatial citizenship' subset of the internet
or something like that. the whole point is to be *explicit* about what
sites and users can expect. you see, it is impossible to be connected
to cyberspace without being subject to the potential whims of some other
human being between you and your digital data!!
hopefully, gradually this `cybernation' would grow to the point that it
encompasses the entire internet -- sort of like usenet does today, and
everyone has a clear expectation of their roles.
notice that in our government as well as the system above, `corruption'
is recognized as possible. we have a system that transcends individual
companies, government agencies, policemen, etc.-- they are all `purged
from the system' (theoretically) if they engage in behavior that is
illegal in the community. to subscribe to a system like this is *not*
to subjugate yourself to a higher authority. it is the way you `mesh'
or `interface' with the mechanisms that embody the community you live in.
now, a lot of you are going to get upset because all of the above sounds
a lot like a `government'. but if you can get away from the mindset that
`government==evil' you can see that this system has benefits to everyone
involved, and moreover it would be possible to erect outside the scope
of the u.s. government. that is, in one sense you could call it a `private' organization.
`punks', until a system like the above is implemented, no one is free.
we have no rights. we have nothing but the feudal system, and one is
either a slavish serf or oppressive king, and this could change at
a moment's notice. suppose that someone bought a few dozen accounts around the world, and
made you their enemy (or vice versa) and simultaneously sent complaints
from every one to your site administrator saying that you had caused
irreparable harm to various cyberspatial forums? would your administrator
listen for very long before they decided to yank your account because,
after all, `we've had dozens of complaints'? what if you had never even posted to the forums? would your administrator know?
would he give a damn? if he did, why should he?
what if netcom yanked all the accounts of cypherpunks
*today*? are you saying they should be allowed to do that merely because
they are a private company? what if *all* internet providers decided
to do this? are you going to argue that this is impossible? what
*prevents* it? do you think a company is going to care how loud you screech on the phone if they have some other plan? the bottom line: if you think you have any rights today in cyberspace, or guaranteed access to the internet, you are *wrong*.
so, codifying a cyberspatial magna carta ranks as a very noble and
ideal pursuit. i urge the ambitious and fairminded among us to strive
to realize this vision. `you have nothing to lose but your barbed
wire fences'....

@_date: 1994-04-04 13:50:20
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: 666 
well EXCUUUUSE ME for reading /pub/cypherpunks/rants on soda.berkeley.edu,
parry metzger!!! i just don't understand how remailers can even exist in
cyberspace given that a *lot* of people like to try to yell at system
administrators to get mail censored. if people are doing this to remailer
operators, and they cave in, we are back to square one. ok, so whoever
detweiler is, he's obnoxious, but i thought that cypherpunks were against
censorship. is it `censorship is BAD-- UNLESS detweiler is involved'...
(hee, hee)
why are you guys so !@ paranoid, anyway? what the heck did detweiler
do, anyway? if that goofy string of DEATH TO CRYPTOANARCHISTs messages was
due to him is all, then i think you guys might be overreacting just a *tad*.
--`scarlet A'
(boy, i am really paying for the particular combination of initials i picked.
do you guys really think detweiler would be stupid enough to pick something
that you leap on in a microsecond?! to bait you in front of your face?! i can't recall a detweiler post recently in the newsgroups, what is his last
address? i think i will write him ... quite a celebrity ... maybe he has
managed to get censored)

@_date: 1994-04-04 16:15:23
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: rights in cyberspace 
"James Sturgeon" said
the point is, this `citizen'  organization is built of people who agree to the rules `upon entry'. i forgot to mention that the charter of the
organization would require agreements by individual users. for example:
`i am todd marvin peterson, this account is for my use only and i will
not permit use of it by any other person'. now, you are probably going
to say that this is an invasion of your privacy, but then on the other
hand, so would detweiler. who's right? (hee, hee). guys, it seems to me that if you want to censor detweiler,
then you would have to construct a system where names map to people
as a `given'. otherwise, you are just going to be tortured forever by
your own `cryptoanarchy'. (a complex subject, one that i don't fully grasp, perhaps only the author t.c. may does) if you don't want to `liquidate' detweiler, then WHY THE HELL IS EVERYONE SO HOSTILE TO
INNOCENT BYSTANDERS WHO HAVE THE SAME INITIALS BY COINCIDENCE?! is
this your idea of an ideal meeting place? where there is suspicion
and distrust?
take your pick -- no accountability for actions whatsoever, *ever*, and
you have rampant `detweilering'. or, people agree to some accountability.
there is no such thing as `an anonymous act'. people who live in communities
can ask that each other adhere to the laws of the community and evict them
if there is evidence otherwise. the purpose of a trial is to `judge evil
deeds'. let me give you an example. suppose that i had technology that would allow
me to `morph' to the point of looking exactly like tim may. except, i would
go and terrorize everyone in denver and urinate on sidewalks, flash women,
etc. you say that `modems allow an anonymous act'. well, for me, that morphing
is the same way, it allows me to run rampant without any personal consequence. the way that whoever posted the bogus `death to cryptoanarchist'
stuff glommed his signature, this is a similar idea.
so, should we allow morphing? or are you going to insist that morphing is
an uncontrollable technology and therefore regulation is futile? you see,
anything is possible among people who are willing to cooperate. if we decide
that maymorphing is illegal in our society, we can work to prevent it.
but if we have the ulterior motive that, ultimately, we don't want to be
held accountable for `our own evil deeds', then you have anarchy, or rampant
detweilering. (hee, hee, love that verb)
note: i am not arguing against remailers. they are useful in some forums.
but what you seem to have right now is an `anything goes' atmosphere that practically invites abuse. you don't even appear to have simple preventions
of things like mailbombing etc. do you condone mailbombing through remailers?
WOW!! A SHIFT KEY!! WHAT A CONCEPT!!
well, it appears that no one here is interested in developing a sort of
`cyberspatial community' that has codified rules of conduct. do you know
of anyone who might? seriously, i mean. don't give me snide email like
`try the nsa'...
--tmp

@_date: 1994-04-05 11:17:44
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: going in anarchic circles 
ok, suppose that every internet company decided that they would install
`fingerprint keyboards' and require use of them by users. these keyboards
sense your fingerprints as you type on the keyboard and can be used to
reject users not authorized to use a given account. they simply tell people
who do not want to use the system, `tough luck'. in a sense, this is something
like how our social security system and drivers licensing works today. there
are few (legal) alternatives to them.
so, how do you get a connection to this net? you are probably going to
propose `starting a new net without these draconian restrictions'. but
what you have done is propose a new set of rules -- `we don't need no
stinkin rules'. how is your system going to deal with sites that corrupt
passed mail? that harbor hackers and crackers? it really amazes me guys,
but if you think the internet is some kind of anarchy right now,you
are completely mistaken. you agree to a set of rules when you join the
net. those rules are set by your provider.  you agree not to corrupt
mail you forward, don't mailbomb usenet, etc.  currently there are many `unspoken rules' -- but it makes sense for them to be codified so that everyone understands what they can expect of each other.
there is no guarantee of your
access to the current net. doesn't that seem kind of fragile? you think
you don't have to have any faith? it seems you have a lot of faith you
will always be able to get a connection to the internet. why not try
to set up a system or organization that is committed to formalizing
the rights and expectations of users on the net and specifying what
constitutes `basic access'?
ok, so i set up a node that randomly corrupts all the mail that i pass
through my site. i mailbomb the cypherpunks list and all the remailers.
how do you deal with it? you send shrieking mail to all my upstream
site providers asking them to yank me. what if i have bribed them
all very lucratively? what if they decide that you don't pay enough,
so they are going to yank you instead? (not worth the hassle of your
insults, after all) what if i have dozens of accounts on different
public domain sites? i seem to be going in circles here. excuse me, mr. idealist, but you live in a world that no one would
recognize as their own. cyberspace exists only because people have
constructed it. you cannot escape that interaction of a community.
no man is an island. what guarantees you will have a connection to the network today? absolutely nothing. it is just your faith in
the great cybergods. cyberspace is nothing but crystallized human
interaction.  how do you deal with the `pathological' cases of human
behavior such as harassment, terrorism, censorship, etc?
unix passwords represent a reasonable amount of security. they prevent
me from hijacking your account. more sophisticated levels exist.
look, you are evicted from your apartment if you don't pay your rent. it
is just as simple to evict someone from their cyberspatial connection,
and throw out all their furniture on the street!! believe me, it has happened to me twice!!
don't think of it as `us vs. them'. think of it as `us' erecting our
own framework of self-regulation. it would allow `us' to get rid of the
detweilers of the world in our community. cyberspace is not an amorphous
Gibsonian blob!! it is a physical infrastructure policed by humans as
simply as our physical roads are!! the police already exist, they are called `system administrators', except they have no uniform code of conduct today, except `if something pisses me off, disconnect it'.
what if you wake up one day and find that all the people you want to
talk to, and you thought were your friends, all on a separate network,
and you are isolated with Detweiler, Depew, Morris, and Mitnick on the
hee, hee, suit yourself....
cyberspace is what we make it. if no name is ever connected to a human,
it can be constructed that way. if identity is important (as most of
human history seems to imply) we can translate it into the new realm. but
you are continuously mixing up what is possible with what you want. if
you don't want something that is possible, then it's possibility is irrelevant. why don't you just preface your remarks by saying `i only
want a version of cyberspace where no one is responsible for their
actions!!' and i'd just leave it alone. as it stands you argue that
cyberspace = anarchy by definition. i cannot agree.
this dialogue appears to be at the point of arguing two different religions,
so it is not very fruitful for any of us, but if grand epopt feotus represents
the basic cypherpunk views, then i find it all very fascinating. you guys realize that you have a very unusual culture that is highly distinct from
virtually any other culture ... at least that i am aware of. you do seem
to have some parallels to the russian nihilists, some of the libertarians,
some of the anarchists, but you have a very distinct blend of it ....
anyway, it is all kind of bizarrely alien to me, so maybe i will check out
that cyberwonk group or whatever that eli brandt mentioned and see if anyone
there is on the same wavelength.
pseudonymously yours,

@_date: 1994-04-05 11:36:39
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: nsa digital cash? 
ok, so the nsa looked at commercial cryptography and said, `we need to control it'.  and out pops clipper (quite an ugly baby, eh?)
this makes me wonder. i bet that they see that announcement by visa for `digital cash' and go crazy. they are already thinking of how to put clipper into a nationwide digital cash system, don't you think?
this brings up some serious issues. i doubt it will be long before there
are some official government agencies developing the official u.s.
digital cash system. in fact, it wouldn't surprise me if there are divisions in the nsa dedicated to doing it *this moment*. if there are any non-nsa agencies, too, the nsa will probably `pull an nist'
and dominate their development. how? send in a few austere-looking
spooks and speak in phrases like `imperative to national security'
and `presidential directive' and *boom* the flimsy bureacrats are
putty in their hands.
so would anyone like to wager? i'd say that we have an official government
group dedicated to digital cash standards in say, 4 years, with an official agency in say, 7 years. cpunks, are you going to be ready
by then with your own cash? btw, could someone tell me how the proposed visa cash system is different than debit cards (which exists today)?

@_date: 1994-04-05 16:27:12
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: going in anarchic circles 
pure faith. nothing guarantees this to you. you cannot point to any intentionally designed aspect of the existing internet that guarantees
that you personally will have a internet account or connection. in fact,
there are many limitations in your existing contract with your provider,
i'm sure, and lots of vague clauses that give them the ability to yank it whenever they feel like it for whatever reason they like.
why is this such a bizarre idea? i heard of the cypherpunks coming up
with `big brother stickers' for at&t phones. how about a `cypherpunk
approved' sticker for internet providers that grant a minimal amount of
service? i see tc may yelling at netcom all the time-- do something
constructive!! come up with a statement that describes exactly what
*you* demand of an internet provider, and maintain a list of sites that
conform. at the root level, when tc may complains that his internet service is
lousy, he is saying that `we deserve better than this'. `we deserve some
basic amount of service'. `we have expectations'. these are the same
thoughts that motivated the writing of the bill of rights.
it is not always the case that regulation guarantees that freedom
and competition will be stifled. there is a very strict code of entry into the nasdaq stock exchange or any other stock exchange, yet companies manage to flourish within this framework. the internet
is *crying* for a universal policy that everyone can agree, `this
is what it means to be on the internet'
none of these guarantee you a connection. you seem to argue again that cyberspace = anarchy or at least
cyberspace will always lack the security necessary to prevent certain
accesses. well, consider this argument. the nsa has a network. in
a sense it is `cyberspace'. but you don't have access, try as you might.
wouldn't you like to poke around that corner of cyberspace? you can't.
there is a titanium lock in front of you.
absurd statement given the rest of your commentary. you sound to me
like a thief saying, `i can break any lock'. well, yes, but that is
no reason to stop building strong locks, and rational people will
use them.
apparently none of the cpunks will. but you may find that in the blink
of your eye, all the rest of the world has, and you are left with nothing
but a small sandbox to play in. pseudonymously yours,

@_date: 1994-04-06 08:40:42
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: nsa digital cash? 
so? what's your point? my point was that the nsa was a prime candidate
agency for trying to *expand* the current federal role in the cash
system. are you saying the federal government already has a `digital
cash system'? well, yes, i guess in some sense.
what guarantees that `retail level transaction systems' will always be
in private hands? don't you think the nsa would really get their jollies
from building the offical Secure Cash Register System with clipper
chips built in? isn't this pretty much what they are trying to do with
`private' computers right now?
are you saying you don't expect the federal government to expand their
role in cash systems? or that it is already as large as it can get?
we have to fight off these encroaches onto private territory wherever
they happen. clipper was *not* a surprise given the past nsa history.
it would *not* be surprising if the nsa got into the digital cash
design area in the future, or expanded its role in the current one.
besides, who the hell are you to call me `enormously ignorant', vacuum brain!  you act like you own the list or something. (oh no,
not that thread again-- cypherpunks list as a volleyball game....
SPIKE!!!) `betraying an enormous ignorance', (erik hughes's OTHER testicle )

@_date: 1994-04-06 12:03:30
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: who, me?!?! 
!?!?!?!?! detweiler this, detweiler that!!! why does everyone keep
calling me `detweiler' when my name is `tmp at netcom.com'?!!
look, i admit i am posting pseudonymously, but your detweilerian witchhunt is a good reason why
its not really a good idea for *anyone* here to post under their real
name, given all this hostility, particularly to the newbies. this
digital stalking is really unconscionable and intolerable. besides, even if i were detweiler--
is it just me, or does anyone get overly upset by these kinds of ad hominem
attacks? seems like they should reserved for usenet & dorothy denning.
 i'm a bit shocked, because i have always found parry to be very civil in the newsgroups. i am just a good cyberspatial citizen trying to build up
reputation under a new name, and it doesn't help that just because i i use the word `detweiler', you throw me in your kill files.
it was YOU YOU YOU who brought up this detweiler bugaboo.
 maybe detweiler would be happy designing those fingerprint id keyboards
for the nsa. as it stands, though, i don't see any significant evidence that he is continuing his apparently over-dramatized `harassment campaign'  on the list. you guys look pretty weird
ranting over this detweiler guy. as far as i can tell, all he has
ever done is write idiotic anonymous postings, and that's not
very unusual. just a lot of `cyberbole' IMHO.
(i have seen some of the detweilerian idiocy in the newsgroups, and
he loves to pretend that he has `decoy' addresses. so if you are
in a really paranoid mood, i suppose you could consider me a decoy.
if i really were a decoy, the ruse would seem to be working very well. while `i' am running into all kinds of flames, maybe some of
his other postings under other pseudonyms are going completely
( in fact, considering that he has apparently lost at
least one address, maybe he is doing this as preventative medicine
in the future. i assume that everyone who has yelled at me and
cursed me as a `detweiler' so far (tcmay, erik hughes, parry meztger,
 etc.) are his prime enemies.  lighten up guys, i assure
you that, to the contrary, i am nothing but a harmless pseudonym.)
do you guys frown on pseudonymous postings to this list?
i'm not too sure of the ettiquete around here. it seems to me that
cyberspace is an essentially anonymous place, and no amount of screeching by the detweilers of the world is ever going to change
besides, the constitution
guarantees the right to privacy, which is essentially the same thing
as using pseudonyms in cyberspace. we all have a right to trick
and deceive the privacy-invading corporate monsters of the world
about our identity. the lone underdog needs all the tools he can get
to prevent the `information oppression' that we call Big Business.
software like PGP frees us from the shackles of tyranny that our
government chains us in daily. things like social security numbers
and total IDs on every check we pass is orwellian. i had to get
a new apartment recently, and the credit check was really horrendous.
they wanted past and present employer etc. and made *me* pay $20
for them to process the application!!! just so i could have the
great privilege of paying them rent every month!!!
that reminds me. it would be really useful to sneak into trw
and look at detweiler's credit history, if we really wanted to
keep track of him. surely there are some cpunks who could pull
that off . hee hee, this is detweiler we are talking about, after
all, and he should be hunted down like a rabid rat, hee hee. i'm
really interested what becomes of that latest `detweiler hunt'
proposed by whats-his-name on the list.
(ok, ok, i promise not to use the d-word if everyone else stops too. but so far with everyone yelling `detweiler' in this crowded theater,
 it's tough to avoid it.)
p.s. i love you too, parry meztger, erik hughes, and tc may  :)
hey, i have an idea. since you guys have so much hostility to detweiler,
maybe just for kicks i could start a `what to do with detweiler' list.
send me your favorite ideas and i will post a summary. it could be
kind of entertaining. we already have `hunt him down like a dog' -- any others? be creative!!! we could use it as the official document
to mailbomb anyone who uses the d-word.

@_date: 1994-04-07 08:21:02
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
hal finney:
these identification systems ultimately fall back on `real world'
identification systems such as birth certificates, social security
numbers etc. which all can be readily subverted by a determined adversary. i wonder if in general, you `cpunks' feel that e.g.
voting systems that restict pseudonymity (i.e., multiple votes by
a single person) are `fair' or `judicious'.
what, specifically, is problematic about these? does chaum just ignore
them? does he describe them in greater detail?
as for `endorsements for unknown endorsers', it seems to me the reputation
system you refer to is a sort of `reputation web' not unlike the pgp
`web of trust' model. a pseudonymous credential has as much weight as
the pseudonym originating the certification. i.e., if `a' signs `b's pseudonym, that `edge' in the `reputation graph' has as much weight as
`a' has reputation. that is, it should not be possible to create a whole
bunch of new pseudonyms, have them all sign each other, and then increase
your reputation.
this brings up an interesting idea. future cyberspatial citizens may
develop an elaborate netiquette that describes how to maximize one's
advantage through the use of pseudonyms. all kinds of strategies will
ensue. is it better to have a few good pseudonyms, without diluting
reputation, or a whole bunch of pseudonyms but a bit more diluted one of the problems with a positive reputation system is that it would
workd for `d-type people'  whose reputation is primarily negative.
a whole lot of people would like to put a negative credential on `d'
so that they would limit his influence in all forums he visits, similar
to the way that one could globally encourage someone else through
`accreditation'. `d' would simply not propagate any negative signatures
to his pseudonyms. could such a negative signature system be constructed? it seems possible
with a centralized `trusted' server, but this is not an ideal solution;
ideally one would like the system to be possible from the independent
interactions of people who trust only themselves. this of course is the
ideal cryptographic model, and the very best and finest algorithms
(e.g. rsa) conform to it. the problem is similar to preventing double
spending in a cash system. how do you enforce that a person `spends'
a certain amount of information? there are no `laws of the conservation of information' as their are of e.g. mass as with a paper currency. in
fact maybe the double-spending preventative techniques for cash systems
could be translated to get a negative reputation and prevent people from
not displaying credentials, even negative ones, they have accrued (just
in the way people are forced to reveal if they are `printing money', i.e.
spending spent money)
personally i like chaum's emphasis (or recognition) that forums exist such that restricting pseudonymity in them is natural, fair, and rational, i.e. a desirable design goal. it seems to me that even beyond this, people should be able to construct forums where they demand (or comply, or agree, or whatever) that identity be known, or that it be totally ignored. given all this inquisitional witchhunting of my `true identity' (whatever the !@ that is), obviously this forum is in the former category what do you think, cpunks, should you have the right to ignore people
regardless of the pseudonyms they use? again, i ask if it is possible
to construct a system that protects anonymity but at the same time allows
someone to filter all pseudonyms associated with another person. it seems
that we have reached an impasse -- these are two very useful design criteria but they appear to be contradictory. on one hand we would like
to censor all the `d-type' pseudonyms, but on the other hand we would
want a `clean slate' for all of our own.
it seems to me that is the purpose of developing a moral code or etiquette
in cyberspace-- almost by definition that these codes apply
to people who agree that an individual is ultimately responsible for their
own actions, regardless of presence or lack of punishment, and agrees to
a set of guidelines because s/he believes it constitutes civil behavior,
not because `if i don't, i will get caught'. ideally we can develop moral
codes where our algorithms fail us. or maybe not pseudonymously yours,

@_date: 1994-04-07 09:33:47
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: nsa digital cash? 
yikes, hold on a sec. i was talking about the nsa. if you are for a minute
suggesting the nsa is involved in money laundering i think you are *utterly*
mistaken. also, i very sincerely doubt that money laundering is a major,
minor, or even existing part of any u.s. intelligence services. there is
a gray area where sometimes an agency is associated with money launderers,
because they may be informants or whatever, but try to point to any u.s. intelligence operation that involved money laundering? and just
try to pretend that the nsa was involved--
i reiterate my point: designing a secure digital cash system would be
a key area that the nsa would be interested in. in fact, i think it is
highly likely that they have already designed significant parts of the
existing u.s. transaction infrastructure at certain levels. (they
vetted DES, right?!)
(references? would be appreciated) that is essentially what clipper
is intended to do.
the point of the nsa is that there is `no structure' to a government
bureaucracy that senses its own impending extinction. clipper is a grasp
at an area that virtually all analysts agree is not a historical precedent
for them, and that dangerously impedes on *domestic* and *commercial* affairs,
something they have never been authorized to do. (cpsr foia requests
posted to various newsgroups are strong on this point)
sigh. fine. smear me with some more `det' insults. what was my misconception?
neither you or erik have yet to specify what it is exactly.  i admit that
i don't have a close grasp on e.g. the check clearing system and what elements are in federal hands. but instead of yelling at and insulting me, maybe erik could explain exactly how this system works. i doubt i am the only one who is not aware of the precise structure. anyway, my basic
point has nothing to do with the existing infrastructure.
as for my `day job', parry meztger asked about this too. well, pick one
of the following
1) bored millionaire with nothing better to do than go to drug parties
and hang out in cyberspace, using all kinds of infantile pranks with
2) shearson-lehman brokerage agent, dealing with computerized trading
strategies, sometimes `libertarian lecturer', with a real jekyll-and-hyde
3) working with Ted Nelson on the Xanadoodoo project as a consultant,
building a `digital bank' on the internet at a glacialy slow pace.
4) entrepreneur starting a new internet company specializing in mailing
lists, pseudonyms, etc.
5) GIS consultant working on database design for power companies
no, i think you can look at their past and see that they were proposing
subsystems for computers with `tappability' built in long before clipper.
some of the real old veterans here might be able to confirm this (cyberspace
has a very short memory) yes, clipper was the most public nsa program
ever devised. but remember that the nsa has *never* (that i know of)
acknowledged building it in official press releases. instead, it is portrayed as an NIST invention built based on presidential directive and the help of `several
key agencies' (hee hee, love that phrase)
i have no idea what you are tallking about. `public outing'? the nsa
cannot accomplish their goal with clipper *without* going public, namely
to create a tappable worldwide cryptographic standard. yes, there is
a lot of `save our butts' mentality along with the creation of it.
or are you just talking about the nsa having a higher profile because
someone thinks they can advance by touting it? i think you are wrong
there. the people in the nsa have the attitude, almost, that even talking about the existence of the agency to outsiders is a crime.
and what does anyone outside the agency have to benefit by promoting
it publicly? they would lose favor with those inside it.
it appears the executive branch was not fully involved in the
clipper decisions. this is really patently obvious. clipper was
developed more or less independently by the nsa and then passed off
as a `presidential directive'. i agree it is a perversion. but the overwhelming
evidence is that it originated inside the agency, not outside it.
oh, i see, and how is the nation's cash system not a `secure communication
channel for the government'?  what do you think it means on your bills
where it says, `this is legal tender for all debts, public or private'?
cash is the *embodiment* of an official government `secure' channel.
the fact that it is paper-based is merely a coincidence.
you refuse to even ponder my basic point: the nsa has a history
of trying to glom onto new areas of conquest. a cash system would be something they eye very greedily. what prevents it? *nothing*. ask
anyone several months before clipper came out, and they would be saying
yes, but they are finding that trying to be secret and accomplish the
goal of limiting cryptography are mutually exlusive goals. and this
has *nothing* to do with the `current administration'. clipper originated
long before the clintons.
what `darker activities'? money laundering?! hee, hee, you better go
reread your bamford.
what business?! i repeat, no one in the NSA wants to `be in the limelight'
and clipper is no such attempt to do so. do you think clipper is dead now?
if so, you are wrong.  public outcry means *nothing* against government
this sounds like a trite cliche from someone in the agency. i agree, but where
does that leave clipper? how is it you can write so much about the nsa without
using that word? do you think they will abandon it? that is the only way
they can stop being the object of widespread public ridicule. the
nsa has two basic agendas:
1) intercept/restrict/control cryptography
2) do so secretly
these two goals are fundamentally incompatible in 21st century cyberspace.
in fact, i would argue they are both fundamentally impossible. die, nsa, die.
`local power stations'?!?! what the !@ are you talking about? if
you think the nsa cares what the presidents thinks, you are mostly mistaken.
the nsa cares about how to get the president to think what they want him to
really? how big were they last time you checked? btw, someone said that `testicle' is a pun of `tentacle'. could someone
tell me what a `tentacle' is? how does this relate to the d-stuff?
just curious. uh, maybe nevermind

@_date: 1994-04-07 17:37:48
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: nsa digital cash? 
unicorn at access.digex.net
makes several claims about the nsa, clipper, and money laundering
that i find patently absurd. my source for nsa information is mostly
bamford. no where in the book is any mention made of money laundering.
i find preposterous the claim that the nsa is involved in money laundering. unicorn's argument is entirely by analogy-- the nsa is an
intelligence organization, money laundering is highly useful to
intelligence organizations, therefore the nsa is laundering money. how are the logistics different than the technical means? if the nsa
designs key parts of a digital cash infrastructure, don't you think that
counts as `the logistics'?
what is clipper? it is designed to become institutionalized wiretapping,
wouldn't you say?
wrong. nsa has no authority to do comint and sigint domestically and
there is no evidence they do so. some leaks into the vacuum cleaner but
there is no design to capture it specifically.
this amounts to flimsy psychoanalysis of the nsa. i am not claiming the
nsa is going to start a covert money laundering campaign in the u.s.
i am saying that the design of a digital cash infrastructure would be
immensely appealing for them to study, and i will bet you anything that
there are parts of it dedicated to exactly that purpose. maybe they
are in a very preliminary stage, but the trends in the nsa suggest
this is another thing they would be overjoyed to glom onto.
[`nsa is unstructured so it can expand influence']
ridiculous assertion. if they `knew their bounds' why did they come up with
clipper? why do we have the domestic surveillance abuses of the 60's and
70's? i am beginning to think you are purposely writing so stupidly as to
make my arguments so patently superior, that you may be my own `straight
man' or `puppet' (hee, hee)
this is just so far out of touch with reality that i can't even touch it.
first, consider that this program originated with bush-- if the nsa were
doing it only for the president, why shouldn't they stop now that he is
out of office? secondly, vice president gore is quoted as saying that
some of the nsa decisions, i.e. on key escrow agencies, were `not properly
vetted' (he was quite upset, ask stanton mccandlish). moreover, you are
implying that the clinton administration is driving its development now.
what have you heard from clinton about clipper? personally i haven't heard him say too much about it.
you're right. i'm totally ignorant of all historical facts and the nsa.
the poor nsa was suckered into clipper and public relations by that
nasty grinch bush. if it weren't for him, all would be well. in fact,
probably the skipjack algorithm itself was invented by bush. i bet he
came up with the idea of key escrow too. how could we all have been
so blind?!!
(btw, you don't seem to state that you have even read bamford)
they are not `talking publicly' in a basic sense. they are using the NIST as a mouthpiece.
because the NSA invented clipper, and as much as they hate it, they know
that PR is basic to its potential acceptance (hee, hee, as if such a thing is possible)
i will not stoop to your barnyard tactics.
oh yes, it is that evil wolf Bush that is manipulating the poor old NSA
red-riding hood. the NSA wouldn't touch clipper with a ten foot pole
but they are being forced too. he threatened to take away their pensions
and their decoder rings.
you seem to have more faith in the NSA than some people have in God.
your premise is (1) clipper is a lousy idea (2) clipper involves PR
(3) the NSA is one of those *superb* and *way cool* intelligence agencies
that would never do anything stupid (4) therefore the nsa is having its
arm twisted into inventing clipper. oooh, what a stark tragedy. someone
call shakespeare so we can immortalize this drama.
what planet are you from? allright, it is an interesting theory, but
it just doesn't stand up to scrutiny. are you claiming that bush
was the person that prodded the nsa into doing clipper? why are they
then still plugging away at it? what `unnamed government official'
outside of the NSA has anything to gain from clipper? clipper reeks
of the NSA. the skipjack algorithm, the key escrow, etc. all the central
components of the idea just *scream* NSA. the NSA has tried to do this
type of thing in the past with computers.
no, but i think it is likely that parts of the federal funds transfer system
use technology ultimately due to NSA. also, if they get to design the algorithm (DES) what more could they want? you seem to conflate *building an infrastructure for digital cash* with *controlling banks*.
the nsa could easily do the former without the latter. another `voluntary'
system. (hee, hee)
to use your own claim-- you say that intelligence agencies use money
laundering as a systematic part of their existence. now, tell me how
many presidents approve of that.
the same argument you use about money laundering -- that intelligence
agencies need an untraceable fund source -- can be made to say that they
are operating independently of presidential (executive) control.
`suggested'? i think clipper amounts to much more than a `suggestion'.
and it is clearly an nsa-originating policy.
for the nsa it is. if they have policies that limit export of cryptography,
and that impedes software manufacturing in this country, they have taken
a controversial stand that is going to be subjected to the limelight.
if they propose `you must use our algorithm with a trapdoor' they are
inviting ridicule. what kind of sternlight are you, anyway?!!!
      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
right. clipper is a contradiction in design goals: (1) continue the nsa
mission of secrecy and oversight of cryptography (2) promote an algorithm to the public.
the nsa is the world's greatest collection of clods.
uhm, the bush or clinton one? you are clearly not an atheist, you believe
in the great Intelligence and Executive Gods.
oh right. how are they going to get private companies to use their algorithms
without `publicity'? i suppose they could start a plan of having a secret
corps of spooks sneak into offices after hours and swap CPUs or something...
essentially, yes. bamford has entire sections dedicated to this observation. it is their fundamental attitude exemplified in quotes
all the way up to the directors.
really? i have two. if he has more than that, i'd call it a mutation. ^^^^ oops, accidentally narrowed my identity to 50% of the population....
uni, thanks for playing my cyberspatial straight man, but i really have to stop this detweilerish sillyness.  if i say anything more to you, people
will begin to get suspicious. it doesn't help at all that you are posting pseudonymously ... pseudonymously yours,

@_date: 1994-04-10 16:06:17
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
hal finney had very interesting comments about pseudonyms and reputations.
one of the most important notes about the chaumian systems he
indicates is that it would be possible to have forums where pseudonymity
is limited (one pseudonym per user) but at the same time the anonymity
of participants is protected. this seems like a reasonable compromise
between the extreme on one hand, `no one should be accountable for anything
in cyberspace' and on the other hand `people should be accountable for
everything in cyberspace'. it does appear that in a completely unaccountable
system, i.e. where pseudonyms are cheaply obtained and accrue bad reptation
without any consequence, `cryptochaos' can ensue. it is quite possible to
have the equivalent of `floodbots' to mailing lists, and i'm really quite
astonished that the only solution that anyone has developed so far is
completly untechnological and IMHO backward: yelling at a site administrator.
in fact, it seems to me the mechanisms for social interaction are most
rapidly evolving on IRC, where there are all kinds of sophisticated rules
regarding operators who have control over channels, to boot out participants,
`ban' them, and the way that people `ignore' each other, etc.-- isn't it
rather remarkable that no widely distributed mailing list software has
any of these very basic mechanisms?
i was just on IRC and i don't know how many people have noticed that (forgive
me if it has been pointed out before) but a very interesting early incarnation
of a positive and negative reputation has already been implemented by
somebody's `commbot' program. it functions as a database of reputations of
IRC nyms. here are some of the rules (ugh, can't they come up with a
less offensive term for negative reputation?)
anyway, i will be very interested to watch the evolution of reputation
systems on the internet.
=CommBot= =CommBot= Levels are used to determine which users can make me do what.
=CommBot= The most important use of the levels are:
=CommBot= userlevel >=  50 : user will be made channel operator by me
=CommBot= userlevel >= 100 : user may modify user/shit/prot lists
=CommBot= userlevel >= 125 : The user may use certain "special" commands.
=CommBot= userlevel >= 150 : user may use all my functions
=CommBot= shitlevel >=  50 : user won't be opped, and cannot modify
=CommBot=                  : the various list, regardless of the userlevel.
=CommBot=                  : I also will not allow this user to be opped by
=CommBot=                  : someone else
=CommBot= shitlevel >= 100 : user will be kicked and banned when the
=CommBot=                  : channel is joined
=CommBot= protlevel == 100 : I will not massdeop or masskick these users.
=CommBot=                  : if a user with level 100 is deopped, I will reop
=CommBot= =CommBot= SEE ALSO: WHOAMI, WHOIS, NWHOIS, USERADD, =CommBot=           SHITADD, PROTADD, getting_access
=CommBot=

@_date: 1994-04-10 17:36:33
@_author: tmp at netcom.com 
@_subject: identity, privacy, & anonymity in cyberspace 
hal finney recently wrote an interesting message taking the position that
cypherpunk aims are not so much to pursue total anonymity but to promote systems with a variety of degrees in identity and
pseudonymity so that the appropriate level can be achieved in various
settings. (for example, borrowing money seems to require that one sacrifice some degree of anonymity and privacy). below is a message i have taken to represent the cypherpunk position
from hal finney. this came from chaos.bsu.edu, a fun gopher server with
a lot of cypherpunk position papers (i assume they are representative). in it, hal argues against identifying anonymous messages,
saying that it would mark them with
a `scarlet a' and relegate them to the `ghetto'. his recent comments
seem more accommodating and less extremist.
it seems to me that the cypherpunks already have a name for the kind
of anarchy that can happen when somebody uses pseudonyms to harass and
cause trouble. that word is `detweiler'. do you really know what `anarchy'
is, cypherpunks? as the old parable goes, be careful what you wish for,
you might get it.
hal argues below that `you already know nothing about the people you
interact with on the net' and that `anonymous remailers introduce no
more problems than are already present on the net'. these seem to me
to be flawed arguments. here's why.
first of all, everyone has the experience of going to a party and
knowing nobody there. but the fun of the party is learning about the
people who are there! do we really want an online environment where
identity is as transitory as a nym on IRC? it seems that what everyone
is craving behind the banging on the keyboard is what has been called
active, human `interconnection' to contrast it to `interaction' with
a computer alone (still generally considered an inanimate object).
if we want communities, the places we like to live in, it seems that identity is intrinsic to them.
next, `anonymous remailers do not introduce any problems beyond those
that already exist'-- aren't we trying to *solve* the problems associated
with building an online community, our civilizations in cyberspace?
it seems to me that if cypherpunks want the rest of the world to adhere
to their ideas, they have to show how they are *superior* to those already
present, and how they *solve* nagging problems. yes, remailers solve the
problem of trying to post messages without identity, but are we sure
this is a `problem' we want to `solve'? for example, hal notes that
some system operators completely ignore complaints on the net. but
do we really want a community of system operators that simply throw
any feedback to /dev/null? what about when someone is mailbombing Usenet
from a site? isn't what we *really* want a more basic definition of what
is allowed and what is not? besides, under the cypherpunk vision, operators would never censor a user for postings-- but is it the case that all
cypherpunks can say they have never tried to censor anyone by notes
to sysadmins, i.e. of detweiler?
regarding the pseudonymity issue, it seems to me a more basic, fundamental design goal might be this: we wish to
make sure that people do not use sensitive private information against us.
it is not a problem for our friends to know this information-- in fact it
is critical that they do (friendship is based on identity!). the
cypherpunk vision seems to split the world into two groups: those people
i trust (my friends) and everyone else (whom i completely distrust with
intense paranoia). this is a very xenophobic and chauvinistic philosophy at heart.
hal argues below that there is `no line dividing the clean from the
unclean' (real name vs. pseudonymous vs. anonymous etc.). to the contrary it seems to me to be the case that either `i know who you are' or i don't. what does it mean for me
to `know who you are'? i admit there is no basic definition, but it
does seem to me that should not prevent us from trying to find one.
for example, it seems to me you cypherpunks have a very important agenda,
but you seem to be extremists. the important goal is `defining what privacy
really means' and cypherpunks seem to take the position, `it means that
nobody knows anything about me'. our society simply cannot function under
this constraint. if i wish to `interconnect', identity is necessary to
minimize risk to the people i `interconnect' with. so what the cypherpunks might consider is a less extremist elucidation
of what `privacy' means. for example, cypherpunks, what information should
a bank be allowed to have on you when you go in to request a loan? what
should companies be allowed to do with credit histories, and what rights
does the individual have to influence them? if you continue to insist
that `nobody should know who i am' i fear you will be bypassed by more
sophisticated groups that have a less polarized view of issues of
identity and privacy. and it will ultimately be the least controversial
proposals that will shape the future we live in.
the recent hal finney message as well as recent considerations of `morality'
on the list (albeit quizzical) suggest to me you might be open to a more conciliatory, less dogmatic position on these immensely important issues.
i am going to sign off for awhile in an attempt to advance some new
meaningful projects (such as set up a gopher server), but i thank you for your stimulating conversations and email, and i apologize to anyone i have ever offended (send me mail if you feel i have personally left
something unresolved).
hal finney's message follows.
pseudonymously yours,
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I sent mail to Cypherpunks on this a couple of days ago, but it never
There is a problem with the notion that all "anonymous" remailers and
news-posting services should label their messages as anonymous so that
users can decide whether to read them or not.  This approach abandons one
of the strongest arguments in favor of anonymous remailers, which is
that the net is inherently an anonymous environment.
Especially as more public access Unix systems, BBS systems, and so on
become part of the net, we are going to see less and less of the strict
controls on identity which were possible when the net was restricted to
a few government labs and large universities.  The level of anarchy will
inevitably increase as larger numbers of people acquire net access.
Unless massive and universal authentication efforts are undertaken, it
is going to be more and more the case that you will know little about
the true identity of a poster.
Because of this, those who object to having to read the words of an
"anonymous" poster are taking an untenable position.  They are already
reading words of people about whom they know no more than they would
about an anonymous poster.  And the argument that "non-anonymous" posters
are subject to a form of discipline not available to anonymous posters -
messages to the system operator - is clearly falsified by the existance
of many sysops who care nothing about complaints.  As more and more people
run their own machines with net access, these cases will only increase.
In short, we anonymous remailer operators have every right to be part of
the net.  We introduce no more problems than are already happening and
will continue to occur as the net grows and becomes more universal.  The
resistance we've seen is from old-time sysops who are unable to adjust
to a changing network environment.
Rather than placating obsolete beliefs about network identity by agreeing
to mark our messages with the scarlett letter A for anonymity, by accepting
that we deserve to be in a ghetto set aside for inferior posts, I feel that
we should challenge the net with messages that blur the distinction between
anonymous and authenticated posts.  The sooner people realize that there is
no line that divides the clean from the unclean, the sooner anonymity will
be widely accepted on the net.
Hal Finney
74076.1041 at compuserve.com
