
@_date: 2003-10-09 17:45:50
@_author: Tom 
@_subject: Chminey growth, omni luvin, tunnels across the net(tm) and forging 
The PersonalTelcoProject has started picking up steam in moving from
setting up one off hot-spots (starsucks style points of back-haul to the
Internet(tm), only free rather than a t-mobile fee) and into the land of
forming our own network of interconnectivity.
To this end I present to the forkites Node236 , that being the WSMF
Compounds point and pointed of presence.
Whats under the hood..
On the roof... a 12dbi omni with 3 deg down tilt mounted to a 10 foot pole
attached to a very short bit of lmr400 into the ammo can of packet
paradise. In the ammo can is a linksys befw11s4 turned down to bridging
mode. These feeds into the house and attaches to the nodes three nic
server Winston.
Winston spots a Debian install and a tuned NoCat setup. One nic takes in
the packets from the roof, the second nic takes a feed from a second
linksys befw11s4 turned  down to bridging for the use of the house and the
third nice heads out to the DSL router, again tossed into bridging node.
NoCat does most of the routing and rules work for traffic.
So a day after raising the mast Portland gets hail, rain and power outing
lightening hits. I'm sitting here at work pinging the box wondering if its
just hung on reboot, if the power is still out, or if the chimney is
smoking rubble.
The plan for the node over the next week or so will be to tunnel it over
the net into other PTP nodes probably over ipv6, maybe not. A constant
vigil is up to find nodes going up that are in wireless reach such that
we can start making true wireless links and relying less on the
"Internet(tm)" to tunnel through.
As with all growing networks content and services are key into making the
value of use go up up up, WSMFs node will be offering up various goodies
to the ptpnet over the next few weeks. Plans for a Palm centric file site
(pd, os and other legal files only), old time radio shows both on demand
and as files, various project repositories and a few other goodies will be
on tap.
Other PTP nodes are already working on cojoined resource sharing over our
growing interconnectedness...
It is indeed a project I am digging doing not only in the doing but in the
planning and the learning.
Portland awaits the next ORiley gathering, by that time we should have a
good coverage of goods and services all, of course, for the taking. No
fees no pleas, just hit agree.
FoRK mailing list
