
@_date: 1996-01-27 11:22:10
@_author: Chris Townsend 
@_subject: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
You'll probably want to look at the XNTP code at
There's plenty of good toys and code for time geeks, radio clock
info, etc.
townsend at fly.net

@_date: 1996-01-27 12:56:13
@_author: Chris Townsend 
@_subject: [MORE IRRELEVANCE] Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Gawd, I hoped this would die but I just have to get a dog in on
this now....please excuse
Sixteenth Amnendment, ratified 1913.  I believe it was introduced
as the Simmons Tarriff?   1% on incomes over a few k, incremental
to 7% for something like 500k.  One big check.  And income meant the same thing it does now, you know, the numbers without the minus signs:
Funk & Wagnalls, 1913  (sorry, no URL)
1. The amount of money coming to a person or corporation within a specified time or regularly (when unqualified, annually), whether
as payment for services, interest, or profit from investment;
Webster's 2nd International, 1954 (still no URL, not for the 2nd...)
4. That gain or recurrent benefit (usually measured in money) which
proceeds from labor, business, or property; commercial revenue or
receipts of any kind....
Now, granted, Funk & Wagnalls went to press before there was such
a thing as an income tax...so it's possible that for thirty two
years income meant something different, and reverted....
Actually, no, they could print fiat money whenever they damn well
pleased, same as ever.  Reserve notes were originally 60/40 third party (paper) loans to federal gold.  True, all of a sudden it was Uncle Sam's name on the notes, but it wasn't just ink.
!!!??  Aren't they?  Maybe a little bit of squares-rectangles business,
but, if so, all excises are taxes....
2. An inland duty or impost levied upon the manufacture, sale, or consumption of commodities within the country. [...] In the United
States the usual excise is a tax on the inland manufacture, sale,
or consumption of commodities or for licenses to follow certain
occupations, and these taxes are usually called internal
revenue taxes
townsend at fly.net

@_date: 1996-03-11 08:16:33
@_author: Chris Townsend 
@_subject: Leahy's guillotine. 
???  Your third sentence doesn't make any sense.  While I agree with your position, why would it *possibly* be a crime to interefere with felonious communcations?  The lanuguage is lamentably unambiguous about the
fact that it is the obstruction and not the information that is
in furtherance of a felony... It is quite conceivable that an unsuccessful attempt to obstruct
justice might cause additional trouble, time, and expense to the
guys in the white hats.  Note that the language does not distinguish
between successful and unsuccessful attempts...though you're right
that it seems that only unsuccessful attempts could be verified...
the rest is clouded by your assumption that the information, rather
than the obstruction, must be in furtherance of the crime...
Probably.  That's what the word "willful" is doing in there.   Read
carefully:  it's willful obstruction, not willful encryption...
I am not a lawyer, although I play one on the net.
I agree with your position, but you're not reading as closely as the enemy will...            townsend at fly.net
