
@_date: 2000-11-05 17:45:48
@_author: TRICOSAL 
@_subject: TUNNEL CONNECTION BETWEEN DIVING TANK AND DEEP DIVING SIMULATOR I 
Hash: SHA1
Dear Sir, We are working on a very interesting project as per captioned one. We take liberty to ask you whether you are interested to take part in this
particular project because you are a submarine builder.
We are seeking your technical comment whether you are interest and able to
DESIGN AND BUILD a CONNECTION TUNNEL SECTION for the captioned project. We
have to design and build this section between the DIVING TANK and DEEP
DIVE SIMULATOR. The diving tank is 8 Meter deep. The Deep Diving Simulator
is for training professional divers in different water depths. It can hold
a team up to 8 divers with full diving equipment. There will a hatch door
at the Tank and another one at the Simulator in the connection tunnel. The
1-2 M  diameter x 8 M length connection tunnel may be made of heavy duty
stainless steel or other stronger material. Our work will be including
this connection tunnel and the connecting/jointing systems at both ends.
The whole unit can be made and approval tested in your country by an
independent institute and ship to us for on site installation. If you are interested, please give us a check list of questions and
information that you would like to have at this preliminary stage. Then we
will obtain them from the Architect and Owner. If you would like to meet
and discuss this project in details, we can meet each other either in your
country or HK as you wish.
We are working closely with the architect on this project and they require
a preliminary proposal from us very shortly.
We can manage to design and build the connecting system between the tunnel
and the concrete wall opening at the diving tank. The opening detail of
the Simulator will be given by the supplier later. However we have no
experience to design and build the tunnel section itself that is subjected
to high water pressure internally. I think you may be able to use your
submarine technique to design and build this SECTION. Thank you and looking forward to your positive and reply soonest.
I will be in China the next whole week, you may reach me at my GSM in
China at + 86 1390 22 33 134. For your information, we are a specialist agent representing products like
under water side scan, multi-cable-transit and Linkseal for pipe for off
shore and inland.
James Wong
TRICOSAL LIMITED
4/F  COMMERCIAL BUILDING
397 CHATHAM ROAD NORTH
KOWLOON, HONG KONG,
GSM in HK:  +852 9283 9030
Tel: +852 2773 6663
Fax: +852 2333 7894
