
@_date: 1994-08-11 08:25:04
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Remailer Status 
Is there any overall status on remailer use.
Remailers up, specific commands, clear vs encrypted traffic,
delays, un-acceptable types of mail.

@_date: 1994-08-30 12:37:15
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Knuth Volume 2 Page 379 
I have a little question about some math algorithms.
People have talked in alt.security.pgp about the Miller
Test and the Miller-Rabin Test.
I am getting ready to improve PGP's testing of potential
prime numbers and have been looking for a good algorithm.
After reading some in Knuth Volume 2, I have come across
Algorithm P on page 379.  Is this algorithm in fact the
Miller-Rabin Test ???
Tom Rollins

@_date: 1994-07-06 12:14:30
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: No Subject 
NEVER is what I consider a reasonable amount of time.
I don't want my secure thoughts broken for public display
in my lifetime. Or any of my children's lifetime. Or there
children's lifetime. ..........

@_date: 1994-07-13 15:29:19
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Source Code 
I created a stand alone utility for DOS to do a multiple
cipher IDEA-TRAN-IDEA-TRAN-IDEA and call this 3DEA.
"usage: 3dea e|d [infile [outfile]]"
Without files, will use standard in and out.
Will prompt for (5) Pass Phrases. MD5 on each phrase to get
128*5 bits of key.
I also made some changes to my copy of the PGP source code
to use this 3DEA cipher as an optional extension to the
single IDEA cipher that comes with PGP.
Will communicate with current versions of PGP (2.3a, 2.6, 2.6ui).
1 - Can process 4096 bit RSA keys.
2 - Optional 3DEA message encryption for more security.
    3DEA is a multiple cipher IDEA-TRAN-IDEA-TRAN-IDEA.
    Include the command line option '3' when encrypting with 3DEA.
    Example "pgp -3seat message".
    Uses a 640 bit session key as specified.
        128 bit key for first IDEA round.
        128 bit key for second IDEA round.
        128 bit key for third IDEA round.
3 - Automatic detection of IDEA or 3DEA session keys for
    decryption of messages.
Would anyone in the USA or Canada like a copy of these programs
(Source and Object) ?
I would appreciate any feedback on bugs, ect...
So, if you want a copy, send me an E-mail.
Tom Rollins

@_date: 1994-07-13 20:09:40
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Re, PGP bastardization (fwd) 
I was shocked to receive an E-mail from Phill Zimmermann.
Here is my reply to his E-mail.
I have pieced together a multiple cipher that consists of the chain
IDEA-TRAN-IDEA-TRAN-IDEA. Where IDEA is the same IDEA (128 bit key +
64 bit IV) algorithm that pgp uses and TRAN is a byte transposition
across the 4K buffer block (each tran uses 32 bit key). Thus giving
this multiple cipher a keyspace of 640 bits.
I have made modifications to pgp that will let a user _optionally_
use this alogrithem instead of the single IDEA cipher. This change
was made to show pgp versitility and usefullness in transporting
an unweildly large conventional key with ease. On decrypting, the
modification detects which type of key is in the RSA packet and then
invokes the proper algorithm. Please note that the origional cipher
algorithems are intact and are used as the default method.
Well, It is true that I am _not_ being paid for this software. It
is my hobby. And I don't care how you feel about my hobby.
Please feel free to make any constructive comments about the
I am a little confused about this statement. The following (2)
paragraphs came from the a pgp.c source file.  So, I don't see
that my small changes can damage your reputation.
    (c) Copyright 1990 by Philip Zimmermann.  All rights reserved.
    The author assumes no liability for damages resulting from the use     of this software, even if the damage results from defects in this     software.  No warranty is expressed or implied.      All the source code I wrote for PGP is available for free under     the "Copyleft" General Public License from the Free Software     Foundation.  A copy of that license agreement is included in the     source release package of PGP.
I believe that you have released the pgp software under the Free
Software Foundation "Copyleft" License.
Let me show you a paragraph from the "Copyleft" License that you
released the pgp program under.
    The license agreements of most software companies try to keep users
    at the mercy of those companies.  By contrast, our General Public
    License is intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change free
    software--to make sure the software is free for all its users.  The
    General Public License applies to the Free Software Foundation's
    software and to any other program whose authors commit to using it.
I guess that I will have to quote (2) more paragraphs from the
"Copyleft" License that you released the pgp program under.
    When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
    price.  Specifically, the General Public License is designed to make
    sure that you have the freedom to give away or sell copies of free
    software, that you receive source code or can get it if you want it,
    that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new free
    programs; and that you know you can do these things.
    To protect your rights, we need to make restrictions that forbid
    anyone to deny you these rights or to ask you to surrender the rights.
    These restrictions translate to certain responsibilities for you if you
    distribute copies of the software, or if you modify it.
I believe that you may by misinformed.  I hope that I have made my
position clear. You relesased the pgp program under the "Copyleft"
License. I have the right to change the software or use pieced of it.
I am protected from you trying to deny me those rights.
Tom Rollins

@_date: 1994-07-28 15:21:15
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Catch-22 
Since E-mailing a few copys of my 3DEA-PGP.ZIP file
and having said file posted on two FTP sites.
"ftp.wimsey.bc.ca" and "ripem.msu.edu"
It seems that the tax man sees $ in his eyes.
I received a nice package with letter from...
    United States Department of State
    Bureau of Politico-Militart Affairs
    Office of Defence Trade Controls
So, it came to their attention that I need to pony up $250
in order to "register" with said office.  Problem is they
want proof of my business in order to register. But, I don't
have a business.  What is it then.     1 - I have to register because I modify code and handed
        it out for free.
    2 - I Don't have to register because I don't have a business.
    3 - I have to register and form a business.
tom rollins

@_date: 1994-07-29 02:10:25
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Catch-22 
Don't know how they found out about the package.
Yes, that was the package that started the fluff.

@_date: 1994-06-14 13:36:25
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: remailer exposing sender 
I am concerned about a the security of using a remailer
such as remailer at soda.berkeley.edu. My concern is that
after an anonymous message has been sent or posted.
Someone could then send a message to the sender using
the encrypted address supplied by the remailer. This
message which is sent back through the remailer could
be composed of known text which then could be traced
back to the originator system of the anonymous sender.
Any comments would be appreciated.

@_date: 1994-06-17 13:01:23
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: PGP Header 
With the PGP Header getting larger in the next release (4096 bits)
there is room to place a short message in this header as opposed
to just the IDEA data area.
Do you think that this might have some use ?

@_date: 1994-06-22 05:33:33
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: PGP Comments and Questions. 
Hey, Got some comments about the future of PGP.
I would like to compair PGP with DOS. It has gotten a large
following and that is good. It has it's limitations and that
is bad.
Like DOS, expanding it's functions seems to be trouble. Trouble
from the tech side and from government.
I believe that we should lay a framework so that people around
the world can modify and enhance various parts of PGP and not
get in each others way. After all, how much can 1 or 2 or 3 or
4 people do vs thousands on the net.
Also if the code is modular, people in the US can work on
sections that do not contain the crypto engines.
Bulk crypto engines could be replaced and not get in the way of
the Public key stuff.
So, now for some questions....
As I understand the Gnu CopyLeft. People can make changes and
pass them on with the source code and NOT step on anyone's
toes. Why then should there be an official release by a small
group of people that still have bugs in the code after N years.
An official framework which will allow for expansion and change
is in order.
Is Mathew in the UK a named remailer for Phil Z? (just kidding)
How fine do you have to divide the crypto code before it is not
considered crypto code anylonger. (for US ITAR regs)
How do the French get around the anti crypto laws? I want to know
before those laws get enacted here in the US.

@_date: 1994-06-22 07:07:22
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Unofficial Release 
Perry @ insi.com says:
Ahhhh, It is nice to know that people won't even TRY to crack
big keys. Cracking, you know, is a lot like the lotto. You
MIGHT guess the correct key on the first TRY. But, if you
don't TRY, then you won't crack the key.

@_date: 1994-06-22 10:54:57
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Unofficial Release 
Perry at imsi.com says:
Our govenment has NEVER been very economical!
True, a good hose or pretty woman in the sack would loosen me up.
Except for my old key that hangs out on the pgp-key-servers.
Too bad, Lost that secret key...
Say, that sounds like a good deal !
Where could I buy that.
Wow, hang out at Charles Schwab, or Meryll Lynch
and get account info...
Well, I work for C3-Telos and we make several lines of ruggedized
portable tempest capable equipment (like the one I am typing on).
I don't need an 8000 bit key, but, I don't want the pgp-key-server
barfing on a 4096 bit key that I feel I need.
How can you put a price on someones life. You don't know
there situation. (think about OJ and fooling around with his wife)
Tim May says:
So you or I won't try the crack. But then there are all those people who
are being paid from tax dollars to do nothing else but crack.
And all those high priced computers paid for with tax dollars
to do the cracking with.
Do you think they will just close up shop and sell off the equipment?
Yes, there are flaws. (some call them design compromises)
Why known text in the Idea data area?
Why CFB mode vs CBC mode?
Peter Gutman's SFS documentation makes reference to a class
of weak IDEA keys. What are they? And what do they do?
I don't advocate that you play the lotto.
I am pointing out a fact that the lotto people use/say/claim to get
people to play their game and thus give them money.
I agree almost 100%

@_date: 1994-06-22 12:13:54
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Unofficial Release 
Perry says;
Perry, I don't know the probability of oxygen atoms moving to Japan
or anywhere else. (who said Japan was the wrong side of the planet)
And, I don't think that anyone will attack my keys by brute force.
I do think that someone will be trying to crack messages on a random
basis. That is by trying IDEA keys with otherwise idle cpu time on a
large base of message trafic. (not my one little pathetic message).
Given estimates that the IDEA algorithem is equivlent to a
3000-bit rsa key. I am bringing the rsa part of PGP up to par with
the IDEA part of PGP. (just hitting on the weakest link first)
So, call me paranoid or joe, I will strive to reach MY crypto comfort
level. And that seems to be a higher level of crypto than you have.
Who cares !
Use whatever crypto you want.

@_date: 1994-06-22 13:13:10
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Unofficial Resease 
Perry says:
Excuse me, What is your point.
My 4096-bit rsa key is (last I looked 4096 == 2^12)
over your 2^10 or 2^11 estimate and thus NOT the weak link.
Why would you want the rsa key to BE the weak link?
After all the rsa key will decrypt all your messages
and the IDEA key is for (1) message only.

@_date: 1994-06-26 16:36:02
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Warning about PGP 
WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING
Quoting "Applied Cryptography by Bruce Schneier, Page 287-288."
The public domain PGP programs curriently produce short public key
exponents, (17 is a common value). It would seem that the
Governments of the world have had easy access to PGP traffic.
 WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING - WARNING

@_date: 1994-06-29 05:28:49
@_author: Tom Rollins 
@_subject: Un-Documented Feature 
PGP 2.6ui has an undocumented feature.
When generating a Public/Secret key pair PGP documentaion shows
the command "pgp -kg" as the way to generate the keys.
I had posted about how pgp uses a small public key exponent
of 17 which is 5 bits.
It turns out that this is only the default setting.
An Un-Documented feature in PGP 2.6ui (I don't know about other
versions as I don't have source code for them) lets you specify
the number of bits in your public key exponent.
The command "pgp -kg keybits ebits" will let you specify this
public key exponent size. For example "pgp -kg 1024 256" will
generate a key with modulus of aprox 1024 bits and a public
key exponent of 256 bits rather than the 5 bit default.
Too Bad pgp doesn't let you look at the public key exponent.
I had to write some code to see them.
