
@_date: 2013-02-06 09:06:01
@_author: T N 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Chromebooks for Risky Situations? 
Just FYI:
Chrome OS devices are not subject to roll back attacks because the verified
boot does not allow that.  Google has extensive documentation on this, and
you can review the implementation by viewing the source code.  Rollback
attacks were an attack vector they specifically designed to prevent.  In
fact as a chrome OS user this is as much an disadvantage as it an
advantage: updates are forced- you can not go back and bug regressions
which don't effect security but that are annoying can occur and there isn't
anything you can do about that.
Also, it isn't just verified boot an attacker would have to overcome.  The
DM verity means any OS and onboard application code must checksum correctly
or it will never run, this is true at all times.  Realize as well that all
of this code is always running off read only file systems.
Note that the builtin data partition (not executable code, in fact data
filesystem is mounted no exec)  encryption is defeatable in the minimal
sense that Chrome OS does allow users to choose to not have to login when
waking from sleep, so user stupidity allows a small opening here.  Heh-
happened to me.  Lost my chromebook and could not remember if I had left it
"locked" (long story!), but I knew it was asleep.  Finderay have had access
to my login session, albeit og little use since I changed my password and I
believe this deactivated access to current email login, eg.  Also
enterprise administrators may have the option of overriding user choice
here, saving users from their stupidity.
Another interesting point: the onboard ssh client is implemented partially
in javavscript (the terminal portion).  Before you whince, know that Google
argues this is more secure than normal ssh Unix clients because in addition
to all the usual ssh protections, it is necessarily running in a Chrome
sandbox!  They are probably right about that?  I think so.
Finally, I wrote up some stuff on their wiki: you can run in dev mode but
still have fully verified boot and auto update.  This gives the machine a
larger local attack surface (not remote though), but opens access to some
Unix user land such as the onboard openssl which you could use for
additional encryption.
Not too that chrome is devices share well and do while totally protecting
users from each other.
Not a security expert myself.  But I have been administering Unix systems
fulltime for over 15 years.  No question in my mind that these things are
more secure BY FAR than any other off the shelf solution you can buy as a
consumer.  That a normal Unix distro could be made to be as secure is IMO
not true as well.
Google has of course just made Chrome OS the target for their Pawnium
challenge this year.  Should be interesting!
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:

@_date: 2013-02-06 12:34:07
@_author: T N 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Chromebooks for Risky Situations? 
The word "Linux" doesn't refer to anything, other than maybe the kernel.
Chrome OS is linux.  But it's a massively stripped down "distribution" that
has a radical design, including the fact that it will ONLY run if all of
the cryptographic checks are verified from the root of trust.  That root of
trust is Google's massively large PKI public key that is burned into the
For a journalist in the field, that's a great reassurance.  Take your
Chromebook to China.  The Chinese government can not alter what you are
running without either (a) modifying your hardware, which means they take
possession of it for a period of time and manage to do something that is
tricky to do (i.e. circumstances under which you'd no longer trust your
computer anyways) or (b) you will know they tried to hack it and your
Chromebook will refuse to boot, and will instead wipe away the hacks and
update itself and won't boot unless the update is a legitimate one signed
by Google.
Yes, you can't compare Chrome OS's attack surface to a typical linux
distribution, or even a highly customized linux install which doesn't have
the hardware root of trust.
Unsubscribe, change to digest, or change password at:
