
@_date: 1993-04-02 07:34:19
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: could someone 
could someone please re mail me the letter that contains the Phrack 42 article
and comentary... my mail was lost and i would like to see this one

@_date: 1993-04-04 16:53:36
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: PGP 2.2 for mac 
yes i am looking for pgp 2.2 for mac so if anyone knows where i can find it
or if anyone can tell me if they can uuencode it and mail it to me (please
contact me before mailing) i would be most greatful... i do not have a mac but
i have a friend at the university of wisconsin that i feel sould have pgp...
so as i plea for help into the black hole of the internet cypherpunk remailer
i hope to hear some feed back....
also do the people in dc want to get a cypher punk meeting together??? i am wi willing to organize...

@_date: 1993-04-07 13:52:27
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: well 
if anyone comes up with a solution to the bbs encryption problem then get to me
... i plan on starting a Waffle based BBS that may have "sensitive" information
on line in subs and in files... you all know the story... well if i could have
this encryption feature i would be most happy... i have looked into this a bit
but to my suprise it has comeup on the list... as for the problem of d           distribution of the program the would encryp and decrypt via modem and bbs, i have that pretty much taken care of already... thanks
^ been bbsing for too long

@_date: 1993-04-14 15:27:16
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: ..... 
ok well i am sure that there are a lot of people out there that want to learn how to do basic cypher/decyphering... so i think it would be nice if people gave their knowledge on how to do decryption... even if its very very basic
and perhaps a faq could be made out of this info...

@_date: 1993-02-25 19:51:12
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: No Subject 
things on my mind
well i am relatively new to the cypherpunks list so i have a
few comments to make on my behalf.
(1) i read in a message about the current rise in the member
    of subscribers and this rise was passively related to
    Mondo. There was also some concern expressed in this
    message about the number of people dropping the list and
    from those comments i reply that the list does generate
    an awful lot of mail.  And this mail is often quite
    technical (well if i was talking from a technically
    illiterate point of view it would very technical...
    i generally can follow the idea and their technicality
    though) and this technicality is a turn off to the Mondo
    type. I know that Mondo has said allot about the problems
    of personal security on the information age but not in
    tech-speek... i believe that most of the Mondo types will
    unsubscribe from this list because it is not a part of
    their focal of interest. Yes the list talks about current
    issues but again from a technical point of view and for
    the Mondo crowed n general it is a real turn off.
(2) Att Mail is nice. If anyone cares i will find out about
    what features it has... i.e. ftp, telnet, irc, etc... My
    sister is an Att employee and she is given an attmail.com
    address for her on the go and work sight mail... it is
    nice because i can stay in contact with her because
    Att mail has a 800 international dialup. My sister has a
    portable NCR computer with modem and can get my mail
    where ever she is. In 1992 she was back and forth from
    Puerto Rico and New Jersey for AT&T now she is all over
    Europe. A very nice convenience for the (wo)man on the
    run.
(3) Am I from D.C. and i am unsure if the world knows about
    this but in November the Secret Service raided our 26oo
    meeting at the Pentagon City mall. I know that we here in
    D.C. have all the more concern about security and
    frequently use are PGP keys because there is little doubt
    that our BBS are being taped et cetera and i am certain
    that in the near future there will be an upsurge of us
    D.C. boyz to your list.
(4) About DES.
    The data encryption standard is, no doubt in my mind,
    quite cracked by NSA. If it is not completely cracked it
    is at least very easy to get into by these boys. I have
    found that there is too much evidence that NSA has gotten
    in to DES pretty well. For starters (not a proof by the
    way) the cryptographers who work for NSA spend most of
    their time breaking encryption and its pretty mind
    boggling to think that no short cuts have been found to
    DES by a bunch of dedicated cyptographers. Damn if that
    was my job and my field of knowledge i am sure i would
    have at least a little short cut of some sort.  So i have
    been doing a little work on DES but i am unsure about the
    validity of my ideas and their effects on encryption...
    if i do feel that i find something i will certainly let
    it out but i was just wondering if people had any DES
    source in all or any languages??? it would be very
    helpful to get cross language DES source...
Well i hope that this note wasn't too boring but i felt that
i had to get it out to the list. so hopefully i will get some

@_date: 1993-03-03 18:51:18
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: what is all o f this talk 
well i dislike this argument of anon remailers etc being bad or what not because
people can threten or what not wiht it... this argument is pretty bogus since i
could do the same thing from an inactive hacked account... but thats my haypenny
also what is the true to life name of Unix's passwd encryption program of scheem

@_date: 1993-03-26 09:37:49
@_author: Louis Edward Trumpbour 
@_subject: hmm 
well one thing i really haven't seen in this whole anon. remailer bid is what
are the treats to individuals and how often would these threats be eminent or
really occur and does the bad really out weigh the good? i will go into it
futher someother time but just food for thought...
