
@_date: 2012-04-26 15:59:40
@_author: Twila Henson 
@_subject: BARCHART.COM STRONG BUY ALERT-LEXG.OB CLOSES UP! GET IN ON PRE-MARKET ACTION NOW!    4j0np 
Dear Members,
The news finally hit on the results of the wet test and it is nothing short of spectacular! We knew this would be good, but we didn't know it would be this good.
Click below  to read the news release on LEXG.OB
This email was sent by Rubicon Capital Advisors LLC.
Hunkins Waterfront Plaza, Box 556,
Charlestown, Nevis, West Indies
DISCLAIMER & RISK DISCLOSURE: Day trading is an extremely risky undertaking. Day trading generally is not appropriate for someone with limited capital, little or no trading experience, and/or low risk tolerance. Never execute a trade unless you can afford, and are prepared to, lose your entire investment. Do not fund your day-trading activities with retirement savings, student loans, emergency funds, funds set aside for purposes such as education or home ownership, or funds required to meet your living expenses. Day trading requires knowledge of a firm's operations. Before using any trading platform or software, you should be familiar with the securities firm's business practices, including the operation of the firm's order execution systems and procedures. Information provided in our newsletters, emails and on our web properties is for educational purposes only. We are not, and do not represent ourselves to be offering or recommending any securities to be bought or sold. We are not brokers or financial advisors of any kind, nor are we licensed as financial professionals of any kind in any jurisdiction. Any and all information on our web properties and/or in our emails and/or newsletters is provided on an informational basis only, and must be tempered by the investment experience and independent decision making process(es) of the subscriber. All trading operations involve serious risks, and you can and will likely lose your entire investment. We have been compensated up to one hundred thousand dollars for a one-day awareness campaign. Always perform your own due diligence and make informed decisions with the help of a licensed financial professional. We makes no guarantees as to our accuracy, the profitability of our picks, or any other guarantees of any kind.
