
@_date: 2003-06-04 19:14:05
@_author: ET2 Uber, D 
@_subject: ASSALAMALEKU 
notice that it was defaced, thus as lilith pointed out, a large amount of
cleaning fluid will need to be bought from a Dutch company somewhere...
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Thursday, January 03, 1980 4:37 PM
 ASSALAMALEKU MY DEAR FRIEND I NEED YOUR HELP
PLEASE, I am Mrs. Mariam Abacha, the widow of the Late Gen. Sanni Abacha
former Nigerian Military Head of State who died mysteriously as a result of
Cardiac Arrest. Since after my husband's death my family is under
restriction of movement and that not withstanding, we are being molested,
policed and our Bank Account both here and abroad are being frozen by the
Nigerian Civilian Government.
Furthermore, my elder son was arrested and detained though he was released
on probation late last year and was arrested again this year as a result of
some amount of money which have not been recoverd by the nigerian current
government as am writting you now his been haild by the nigerian government
in jail.
Following the recent discovery of my husband's Bank Account by the Nigerian
Government with Swiss Bank in which the huge sum of US$700 MILLION and DM
450 Million was logged. I therefore decided to contact you in confidence
that I was able to move out and deposit to a diplomatic freighting company
the sum of US$45 Million Dollars, which was secretly defaced and is sealed
in two Metal Boxes for security reasons.
I therefore personally, appeal to you seriously and religiously for your
urgent assistance to move this money into your country where I believe it
will be safe since I cannot leave the country due to the restriction of
movement imposed on the members of my family by the Nigerian Government. I have agreed to offer you 10% of the total sum while 90% is to be held on
trust by you until we can decide on a suitable business investment in your
country subsequent to our free movement by the Nigerian Government. Please
reply urgently and treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerety. Best Regards.
Mrs. M Abacha
