
@_date: 2001-11-30 10:49:23
@_author: umiag6 at yahoo.com 
@_subject: business proposition 
URGENT BUSINESS PROPOSAL
This letter may come to you as a surprise since it is coming from someone you have not met before.  However, we decided to contact you based on a satisfactory information we had about your business person as regard business information concerning your country and the safety of our funds in a steady economy such as that of your country compared to our country Nigeria Africa.
I am a civil adviser currently working with the monitoring committee overseeing the winding up of the petroleum trust fund(PTF).Myself and my close and trusted colleagues need your assistance in the transfer of US$25 million into any reliable Account you may nominate overseas.
This fund was generated from over-invoicing of contracts executed by the PTF under the administration of the past military government.These were discovered while we were reviewing the PTF accounts.
What we want from you is a good and reliable company or personal Account into which we shall transfer this fund.
Details should include the following:
1. Name of Bank
2. Address of Bank with Fax & Tel. No.
3. Account Number
4. Beneficiary/Signatory to Account (Account Name)
Upon the Successful crediting of your Account.The fund will be shared as follows:
1. 20% for you and your assistance
2. 70% for myself & my Colleagues
3. 10% for contingency expenses
Please after your first reply through e-mail,I will want us to continue further communication by fax and telephone for confidential purpose. We wish to assure you that your involvement should you decide to assist us, will be well protected, and also, this business, proposal is 100% risk free as we have put a whole lot into it.
Thank you for your anticipated cooperation while we look forward to a mutually benefiting business relationship with you.
Please when replying to my e-mail kindly include your telephone, fax number and mobile telephone numbers preferably extremely private numbers where we can reach you any time of the day.Please be aware that a high level of confidentiality and trust is required in this business.My private telephone number is 234 1 7754093 and fax number is 234 9 2720239.
Best Regards,
Dr. George Umia.
Fax: 234 9 2720239
Tel: 234 1 7754093
email:umiageorge at eudoramail.com
