
@_date: 1993-04-17 21:36:28
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Reaction time and Crypto 
I must complement the group on the speed and vigor with which they have
pursued the Clinton proposal.
It is my hope that we can somehow make it apparent to the public that they
are losing, not winning here.
It seems to me that the following technologies are going to be of increasing
import despite the outcome of the Clinton proposal.
1.  Raw headerless output from packages like PGP.  It seems obvious that
if crypto is regulated, it must be easier to disguise the type of crypto
one is using, or indeed if one is using crypto.
2.  Methodology for the disguising of cyphertext in more innocous data.
3.  The proliferation and consistant use of Crypto for even everyday
1>  The harder it is to find, the less potential there is for regulation.
2>  The harder it is to look for, the less potential there is for regulation.
3>  The harder it is to abolish, the less potential there is for regulation.
More than the specific plan here, I am stunned by the emerging MOVEMENT that
seems to be at work here.
I can only ask, what's next?
I don't think any proposal to regulate crypto will focus on the users, but
rather the development and distrubution of said crypto.  This is what
frightens me the most.  The precedent for regulation of private software
and hardware applications is painfully visable on the horizion.
Someone said before:  Be afraid, be very afraid.
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-04-18 10:43:58
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Media Blitz 
Having sent faxes to all the targets on my media list, I'm looking for the
1>  A Fax number for AT&T public relations so I can explain to them that they
can count my business out if they don't wise up.
2>  A Fax number for Intergraph Corp
3>  Internet addresses for same.
I sent the following text to several media contacts:
April 18, 1993
Sir or Madam,
I am sending this text to call your attention to what I and others believe to be a grievous attack on privacy for the private sector and the public at  large.
On April 16, 1993 the White House Office of the Press Secretary issued a statement regarding the administration's emerging policy on encryption hardware and technology.  In short this policy is a ruse.
With the increasing reliance on data links and E-Mail to communicate, cryptography has evolved to protect the otherwise vulnerable data traffic in this country.  E-Mail and data transfers are not as secure from tampering and compromise as is the postal service.  Messages sent through mail nets have no "envelopes" and are unprotected from the prying eyes of system administrators on any of the many nodes a message may pass through.  Indeed those using electronic mediums for mail services are entitled to some reasonable assurance of privacy.  As a result, cryptography and encryption have become fruitful industries in this country.
The Clinton administration seems well on the way to destroying this industry and stomping on the rights of citizens to secure their communications from surveillance.
The "Clipper Chip Proposal," which is becoming known in the academic community as the "Big Brother Proposal," bills itself as a solution to the conflict between law enforcement and "crypto industry."  It is not.  By enforcing the Clipper technology as a standard, the Clinton administration has taken the first step in regulating all encryption technology and selling short the American The Clipper technology, by the administration's own admission, is compromised from the beginning.  Cipher keys for Clipper hardware are to be segmented and stored in depositories maintained by two agencies, (which remain yet unnamed) and released with "the proper authorization."  No one educated in the nuances of encryption would take such a system seriously.  Willingness to accept a system that comes already compromised is simply unimaginable, at least while other systems are still around.
The administration insists that the algorithm for the Clipper technology is secret, and will not be released to the academic sector or the public at large.  A vital part of the development process of any new algorithm is its' ability to withstand the scrutiny of the academic and private sectors.  The current encryption standard (DES) is a prime example.  The algorithm for DES was made available to the academic and private sectors at no loss of security to those using DES based systems.  Indeed the weaknesses of DES were eventually revealed by the academic sector as a direct result of this scrutiny.  Part of the mark of a well designed system is in the ability to remain secure despite disclosure of the algorithm.  No entity can be expected to trust such a system without being able to review it for additional "backdoors" written into the system.
I cannot fathom that the administration has not realized these points.  They must know that such a system as the Clipper Chip is unmarketable and doomed to failure in its' current state.  As long as other technology remains available, who would buy the Clipper Chip?  And how does the introduction of the Clipper Chip aid law enforcement in protecting American citizens?  Alone it does not.  Any organization, criminal or otherwise, would be quite content to patronize other vendors not employing the Clipper Chip, many of which currently exist.
I can only assume then that the administration's next step is to place heavy regulations on other hardware and software products not utilizing Clipper Chip technology, using the availability of Clipper systems to justify their move.
The increasingly authoritarian methods the administration continues to adopt deserve careful scrutiny.  The precedents established by this move, namely the regulation of the software industry, denial of reasonable freedom from government intrusion in personal affairs, and government created technology monopolies, are more than alarming, but dangerous.
When confronted with the possibility of facing fines or criminal penalties for which computer program we use, the phrase I hear more and more often is, "I can't believe it's happening here."
Are my letters annyoing anyone yet?
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-04-18 15:17:31
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Status of Voice Encryption with PC/Mac? 
I keep hearing about voice scrambling technology in conjunction
with high speed modems and soundblaster cards....
Anyone care to comment on the availability of said devices?
The Supra people mentioned something, I'll check into it.
how about the potential for RAW cyphertext from PGP?
Hiding cyphertext in other mediums...?
Is any of this available today?
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-04-18 15:43:22
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: FAQ's 
Perhaps someone should cook up a frequently asked questions sheet
with regard to our position on the Wiretap chip proposal?
Something bent a little more in the direction of consequences
and not promises?
Q:  What will the Clipper Chip really mean for Privacy?
A:  The Clipper chip bills itself as the answer to a nations right
for privacy, when indeed it is less secure than many of the algorithms
in circulation today.  Buying a Clipper Chip device is the same as
handing the government your login password and accepting the promise,
"We'll only use it with proper authorization..."
Admittedly my example is less than eloquent, perhaps someone
can come up with better?  Given this format, and if the
questions and answers are kept in layman's terms, it could reasonably
be distrubuted to some of the less technical news groups and things
like comp.mac.comm and such....
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-04-19 20:13:41
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Sound Bite 
"Giving the government keys to your encrypted messages is like giving
them keys to the front door of your house."
+ "and accepting the promise, we'll only use them with proper authority."

@_date: 1993-04-20 17:23:27
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anybody know of specific examples of wiretapping without a
search warrant, or beyond the scope of the search warrant that
we can cite?  Especially famous ones (didn't Nixon wiretap
By exec. order (12333 is it?)  those suspected of espionage for a
foreign may be wiretaped, searched without warrant.
(foreign = foreign power)

@_date: 1993-04-21 11:37:47
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Meets 'n Greets 
de_armor_file: infile = AppDisk:fm ?, outfile = AppDisk:fm ?.$00, curline = 0
ERROR: Badly formed ASCII armor checksum, line 28.
Error: Transport armor stripping failed for file AppDisk:fm ?
Please resend

@_date: 1993-04-23 00:17:18
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Overreaction..... 
Begin Forwarded Message
Article 9566 (7 more) in alt.security:
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security,comp.org.eff.talk,comp.security.misc,comp.org.acm,
References: <1993Apr22.134214.18517 at rick.dgbt.doc.ca>
Sender: news at bu.edu
Followup-To: sci.crypt
Distribution: na
Organization: Boston University, Boston, MA, USA
Lines: 82
In article <1993Apr22.134214.18517 at rick.dgbt.doc.ca> jhan at debra.dgbt.doc.ca (Jerry Ha
A circut court judge in Illinois once said "When dealing with a government
that seeks continually new and more creative ways to spy on its' citizenry,
one cannot discourage the move to empower the common citizen with the means
to parry this attack on personal privacy."
(Unfortunately the comment was with regard to the banning of radar
The point remains.  More and more I see the government slowly washing
away privacy.  Even unwittingly.  Do you think I will ever live in a
soceity that issues smart cards to citizens at birth?  Do you think I
will live in a soceity that insists I register my crypto keys so they
can keep track of what I'm saying?  Even if there is no evidence of my
guilt?  Do you think I will ever live in a soceity that seeks to meddle
in the affairs of its' citizenry without recourse of any kind?  I'm tired
of it.  There is (IMHO) no compromise with an administration that seeks
to implement these proposals under the guise of enhancing privacy.
More than the proposals themselves, I read the language of the press
releases, the obvious deception involved in presenting these pieces to
the public, and I am sickened.  I am revolted.  I am repulsed.
90%, perhaps even 95% of this country could care less about the
clipper chip, the wiretap bill, the smart card, because they are so
entrapped in the rhetoric of the Clinton Administration.
This saddens and frightens me.
I am a conserveative believe it or not.  A law and order conserveative.
But the move to a centralized authoratarian regime really scares me,
mostly because I know you cant go far wrong underestimating the
intelligence of the American people.  Tell them it's going to keep
them safe from drug dealers and terrorists, and they will let you
put cameras in their home.
Even in the wake of Waco, you find those who support the increasingly
totalatarian moves.
To be quite honest, the way things are going, I'd call it self defense.
And I dont want mine growning up in the eyes of a security camera
24 hours a day.
uni at acs.bu.edu  ->  Public Keys by finger and/or request
Public Key Archives: Sovereignty is the sign of a brutal past.<>Fight Clinton's Wiretap Chip!
DF610670F2467B99 97DE2B5C3749148C <> Crypto is not a Crime! Ask me how!
Forwarded message ends.
I reposted this for the benefit of those who might not be actives on
the newsgroups it was distributed to.  After I wrote this reply, I
went out for a beer with a friend of mine.  We didn't talk about
crypto or privacy (he's more into the Hartford Whalers) but I couldn't
get it out of my mind.
More and more I feel violated.
We live in an age where direct marketers send mail to my address and
I have no idea who gave it to them.  We live in an age where you
call up the chinese food place for a delivery and after getting
your phone number, (with caller ID in some places) they ask you
if you'll have "the usual"  [no joke].  We live in an age where
your credit card might have your digitized picture on it.  We live
in an age where despite the freedom of information act, your file,
should you request it, is more than half inked out.  We live in an
age where your social security number is a "handle" to your life
and habits.  We live in an age where anyone can order a copy of
your tax return and merely be asked "may I have your social security
number please?"
Privacy has become a joke.  Plastic money, databases, credit reports,
whereever you look, there is some entity looking to collect something
else on you.  I for one, have had it.
It's true, I'm conserveative.  But where will it end?  How many more
blows to liberty and privacy will be made before there is little left?
I've studied intelligence, political science, international relations,
and law here at B.U.  Next year I will be at Georgetown working on
my J.D.  But I doubt I will stay here in the states.  I think perhaps
Liechtenstein offers a more hands off atmosphere.
In retrospect, I really don't think I'm concerned with the pettyness
of this or that blow to privacy, but the system that slowly builds.
I'm a paranoid at heart.  I don't TRUST the system.  I never will.
It's too bad others do.  Someday I hope someone explains to the
vast number of people the difference between freedom to, and freedom
I never thought I'd sound like a revolutionary.
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-02-08 00:55:17
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Remailers (List available) 
I was hopeing to find a list of the remailers available that use PGP for
traffic encryption.
I noticed that the PAX scripts were made public recently, does anyone plan
to employ them at any of the current remailing sites?
Despite its problems, I thought PAX was on the right track with regard to

@_date: 1993-03-28 19:07:03
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: PGP Secure? 
Forgive my slow math mind, but I pose the following question, knowing
in advance that it's a FAQ, but I can't find an answer anywhere....
Given a brute force attack on ciphertext encrypted with PGP2.2
using the 1024 bit key, how many operations are required to
hit on the session key...?
(The session key being used with the IDEA cipher)
What about derriving the RSA key pair from the public key and message?
How many operations might this require?
Along these lines, what's the best guess at the highest technology level
available today with regard to speed?  How many operations per second
might the most resourced orginization be expected to achieve?
The real meat of this question boils down to: What are the capabilities
currently, and what is required to brute force the various stages of PGP?
Also:  What does 1024 bit refer to?  The IDEA session key? or the RSA key?
Thanks in advance...

@_date: 1993-05-01 01:30:01
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Patent Bullshit and Crypto Restrictions. 
Eli, in his infinate wisdom, says:
However, I don't see RSA doing a hell of a lot
to promote crypto use -- the opposite, in fact.  Their software
output is hardly impressive for a corporation of a decade's
standing.  They won't sell me a license -- they'll sell it to Lotus,
but I can't see their source code.  The government hasn't banned
public-key encryption, but it's banned patent-infringing public-key
encryption.  And for practical purposes, that's the only kind there
The combined effect of present patent law and RSA's "sue first,
write code later" approach has been to stifle the development of
cryptography in this country and in the world.  Perhaps if
encryption algorithms were not encumbered, they would already be in
common use, rendering Clipper untenable.  If RSA Inc. wishes to sell
me a license I shouldn't have to buy, that would be nice.  If they
wish to show their change of heart in some other way, that would be
nice too, as long as it doesn't come with a licensing agreement like
RSAREF's.  But if they're going to continue to sit on their patents,
I'll do without their blessing.
Incidentally, I don't think the issue of algorithm patents is as
minor as some have portrayed it.  It has blocked the use of RSA,
after all, giving Clipper a window.  Furthermore, there are patents
on approximately every other cryptographic technique: PK in general,
exponential key exchange, LUC, IDEA, DigiCash, ....  Patents may gut
cryptology the way they have data compression, to pick one example.
This would be a shame.
   Eli   ebrandt at jarthur.claremont.edu
I have to agree with much of what Eli says.
I have been reluctant to speak out against Tim's words until
now because I respected Tim's opinions, and value his judgement.
I felt I should "reflect" on the issue a little longer, before
coming to any hard and fast conclusions.  I thought perhaps
time would soften the anger in my heart.
I thought wrong.
I still respect Tim's approach, but I cannot agree with it.
Patents were designed to protect the financial interests of
inventors.  I respect this.  RSA Inc. owns the patent on
the engine, fine.  They deserve to be rewarded for their
work, their interest in developing the method, and their
investment.  I don't mind paying for the right to use
PGP, not in the least.  I'd happily compensate both Phil and
RSA Inc. and PKP or whoever.  IMHO PGP is worth a good $200.
I think many share my view, in concept if not in degree.
When patents become bullshit is when they serve special interests
before they serve economic interests, or the interests of progress.
Fine, life isn't fair.  If the oil companies own a patent on
200 mile per gallon fuel injectors or whatever, fine.  They figure
they'll make more dough if they bury the "secret plans" in the darkest
corners of their sphincters, fine.  That's the law.  That's cool.
But when those plans get out, and someone starts giving away
the injectors for no fee, that's progress.  Sure, illegal, but
progress none the less.  At what point do the interests of the
oil companies conflict with the environment as a whole?
This is the problem I have with the patents on RSA.  No one is
even interested in money, like the oil companies were.
The goal seems to be to RESTRICT ACCESS TO CRYPTOGRAPHY>
DES all over again.  Cripple it.  Weaken it, can't let the
real thing out.  That's bullshit.
Just as the NSA sought to control NSF and restrict funding,
it's backstabbing regulation.  Thanks be for Dr. Weingarten,
an enlightened enough soul to see through the NSA bullshit and
keep cryptography out in the open when they tried to shut it away.
I see PKP and RSA Inc. as partners in the whole mess.
They sit nice and quiet on their patent, making some vague threats
everwhy once in awhile until Clipper comes out, and then they start
to threaten people with action.  Should I be surprised?  After all
if RSA gets out in any REAL implementation, Clipper is useless,
AT&T (those backstabbing two faced snakes with good PR) gets fucked
and Clinton looks like an asshole (ok, more like an asshole) for
proposing a plan that would never work because private industry
had beat him to it.
Sound familiar?  Like IBM, lucifer and DES perhaps?
Bow down to RSA Inc?  Gimme a break.  Why should they fight
the government, they know their patent will get them some
I don't even want to begin with Denning.  She's got feet in both
worlds.  The problem is no one is going to see it until shes
buried the knife in the libertarians to the hilt.
What sickens me the most is the rhetoric that flys around this
dung pile like buzzing flies.
Crap like "citizens right to privacy" when used in the same paragraph
with "law enforcement requirements"
Crap like "stronger than most algorithms now on the market."
Crap like "to protect us from drug dealers and terrorists."
Crap like "we don't plan to outlaw cryptography"
Crap like... well anything AT&T says.
It all smells the same to me.
The bottom line seems to be if you lay with the whore you
have to wake up with the whore.
Play RSA Inc., AT&T and Dorthy's game today and... what?
The'll pay you back tommorow when you need it?
Fine, we may lose the battle because business interests are
stronger than an internet mailing list and the american people
have an average I.Q. of 80, but at lease >I< will wake up
and be able to look in the mirror.
Don't sell out cypherpunks, RSA Inc. will stab you in the back
as quickly as anyone else.
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-05-01 03:23:34
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Tactics. 
Let me phrase the issue in slightly different terms. Which of the following
strategies do you folks think will best improve the chances that strong
crypto remains legal?
1. CONFRONTATION: We fight RSADSI at every step. We engage them in legal
battles, we distribute infringing code whenever possible. We get PGP spread
to thousands of users, perhaps tens of thousands of users at bootleg,
underground sites. (Remember that businesses cannot use PGP without fear of
prosecution, fines, whatever...unless the Cypherpunks win their lawsuit
against RSADSI, sometime around 1997 or so, at the rate these cases move
through the courts.)
2. REALPOLITIK: We concentrate instead on spreading strong crypto into as
many ecological niches as possible: individuals, corporations, e-mail
packages, attorney-client transactions, and so on. We emphasize the legal,
constitutional right to communicate messages in the language of our choice
(that is, we have no obligation to speak in languages eavesdroppers can
more easily understand). To head off government moves to act against PGP
and similar systems, the parts of PGP that conflict with RSA's patents are
modified, thus becoming legal to use (and Phil even has a chance to make
some money, which he sure as hell can't do now).
*** So spoke Tim May.
I don't see these issues as mutually exclusive.
What may be necessary is to seperate the efforts, to bring the
PGP operation farther underground.  To remove the connection
between PGP distrubtuion and the more "Realpolitik" move to
keep crypto legal.  I admit that some users like Tim, and the
more progfessional of us might find this impossible, but for
the academics and others who don't have to don a suit and
work everyday, underground crypto might be the only real answer.
Consider this, no one ever wins when you fight the government
at its own game.  If they plan to outlaw crypto (a very real
possibility in my view, regardless of more realpolitik efforts)
all that we have to rely on is the underground channels.
It's time (IMHO) to find ways to disguise PGP output in
other types of data, pict or whatever.
At the same time, it is possible to pursue more overt and
legit methods, my fear is these will produce less in terms
of real crypto than will the underground movements.
All I've argued is that the "in your face" approach has its limits. Most of
the PGP users are, I think we'll all agree, hobbyists and hackers who
downloaded it, played with it, learned some crypto from it, exchanged keys,
etc. Probably not too many critical uses, YET. But the popularity suggests
a hunger for strong crypto.
*** So spoke Tim May.
Yes... yes... LEARNED SOME CRYPTO FROM IT.  This is the
KEY point here.  How many people out there joined
cypherpunks and became interested in crypto because of PGP?
(I'm raising my hand)  Sure I was interested and even tinkered
with my own code before I knew cypherpunks existed, but it was
PGP that did it.
Education is the key.  I said before, and I will say again:
Most people could give a squirt about crypto.  99% of people
is my guess.  You all saw how pro Clipper most of the newspaper
reports were, how willing they were to change phrases like
"more secure than many of the algorithms on the market" to
"the most secure algorithm to date."  A real politik
method is limited because most people could give a care about the
issue.  The people who seem most passionate about it, in my
experience are the ones who have played with PGP.  I, for one
cant seem to get anyone else to care.  I've talked to about 15
people outside the internet about Clipper, and most forgot all about
it when the next beer came.  No one will learn jack from the bullshit
crypto that Clipper represents.  It will become a transparent process
that anyone could care less about with regard to security.  Back to
the days of the Black Chamber.
The Clipper/Capstone move indicates the government wants to head this off
at the pass. The question is whether the bootleg and infringing PGP (and
Phil admits to all this in his docs, obviously) has a better chance of
succeeding than a fully legal and already spreading RSA solution?
^^^  So spoke Tim May.
I don't think either will make much difference.  Clipper has
caught us before the danger has become apparent to most.
You really think an RSA solution that is really secure is going to catch, especially if it conflicts with Clipper, if the government
has anything to say about it?
I've got to be real honest.  I'm beginning to be afraid to open my
mouth on this subject anymore.  Maybe I'm paranoid, but I look at how
hard the government is trying to sell Clipper and processes like it
and I am stunned.  Nothing works this fast.  A company like AT&T is
NOT about to jump on the bandwagon quickly unless they KNOW something.
To me its plain that the intent is to regulate crypto.  Before then I plan
(hope) that PGP finds its way into MANY hands.  That's the only real
weapon I see.  Consider it a safety net to catch us if Tim's
REALPOLITIK fails.  I hope it doesn't, Tim, I hope not but I'm going
to hope for the best and prepare for the worst.  I intend to use
strong crypto when I like.
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-05-01 03:53:41
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Tactics. 
case* is one thing, but doing it to get in RSA's face is way premature.  I'd
say start by working with RSA to the extent possible, keeping at it until
there is success, and then if the govt tries to slam public key, that's the
time to break out the insurrectional approach.  But not before.
The adrenaline rush of a big bad confrontation is a feel-good drug to a lot
of people but we have to be *smarter than that.*
*** So spoke gg at well.sf.ca.us
I agree....
After reading my message over, I realized that many might
see what I said as a call to arms.  It is not.  Instead I suggest
we all stay OUT of RSA's face.  But neither in my opinion shall
we find outselves unwitting partners with RSA only to find ourselves
sold out.
uni (Dark)

@_date: 1993-05-01 17:17:41
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: OUTDIAL SERVICE 
I don't know if this is consistant with what everyone here is talking about in
regards to "outdialing serivce," but some time ago I heard about a 900 number
that a person could call, that would redirect their call so as to avoid being
traced, etc.  Oddly enough, I think they advertised that all the calls are
logged and kept in some vault in another state.  I may be confusing something
here though.  (As if this is the case, they've probably gone out of buisness.)
ghoast at gnu.ai.mit.edu
                 ----
Yeah, I've heard of the system too.
They claim they wont let their info out without a court order.
I feel that there are a good deal of legal problems with this.
It wont take much to get a court order and the ONLY reason worth
the 2 bucks or whatever they want to add to what would otherwise
be a local call (for caller ID evasion anyhow) would be to avoid
legal action of one type or another.  I suspect that the calls that
go through this system are monitored occasionally too.

@_date: 1993-05-04 16:16:23
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: An answer and a question 
First, with regard to privacy being free.
I agree, than in an ideal society privacy would be considered a right,
and no effort would be required to insure it.  In my view it is necessary
for the state to insure this right.  This goes to the "if you were ever
made dictator of a small island nation, what would be your first decrees?"
Well, mine would be something to the effect of this:
That we the citizens of unissa might preserve the individuality and
freedom of the populous, prevent tyrrany and authortarian tactics,
promote the right of men and women to develop in their own direction
s, as this is most conducive to the rise of a great nation, I hereby
decree that it shall be the unalienable right of citizens to hold their
personal and public actions and duties in confidence.  Further it shall
be made to pass that the burden of ensuring such confidentiality shall
rest on the state, and the state shall pass no law or decree that
violates this right.
Unfortunately, we all know that this is classified as "fantasy"
I'd love for it to happen, and I would be quite proud to offer
citizenship to all the cypherpunks (well most of you  :)  )
but in the words of a great man I once knew... "It Ain't gonna
Privacy isn't free, you have to work for it in this country.
I don't mind that.  I sort of like the process.  I have a problem
when the state ACTIVELY tries to ELIMINATE privacy.  I have an
even WORSE problem when the state does so by serapitious means.
I am disgusted by what's happening with regard to press releases
and complicity of large corporations who are basically selling
us out for a profit (A-hem T-eeem an-hem-d T-hem)
I realized something suddenly that made me feel like I am growing
more and more paranoid by the hour by the way.  I noticed for the
first time that these AT&T commercials that are airing lately
have distinct propaganda trends... I never noticed it before
but think about it.  Lots of talk about freedom, individual plans,
and a MAJOR ad campaign on T.V. complete with Arethra (sp) Franklin
singing "Freedom....Freedom... FREEDOM!"  Does this strike anyone
else as odd or am I going crazy?  I think I'm turning into a
liberal!  I can't take it!
Look, it's obvious that security and liberty are a trade off.
I'm an international relations schloar, with a concentration
in intelligence, so that's not a leap of logic for me.  What
I don't understand is this:  Of late, terrorist acts have
been on the DECLINE.  The world trade center was a big one,
sure.  But it's not the whole picture.  So why the push now?
We really don't NEED more security in the form of clipper and
FBI bills right now... not in my view anyhow.  Comparatively
this is a safe nation.
Even if you disagree with this point, it can be pointed out that you DO NOT need privacy invading tactics to prevent
terrorism, or drug dealing.  To me, drug sniffing dogs,
metal detectors, x-ray machines are not a GREAT violation
of privacy, I have little trouble tolerating these things
and I accept them as part of life.  Fine.
But when it becomes obvious that government is taking an
ACTIVE interest in things like my conversations and
business practices, as well as opening the way for me
and my children (I hope to have some some day) to be cataloged
and followed and assigned a number and database for our health
records and who knows what else from birth, I get offended.
I WILL fight these initiaves, with civil disobedience if
nothing else works.
I have a feeling that there are like minded people out there,
people who can tolerate some violations of absolute privacy
in exchange for feeling that every plane you ride on is not
at risk because of some psycho, and that less coke is going
to find its way to schools.  But who cannot tolerate
AUTHORATARIAN regimes, and practices to make these assurances.
We are in my opinion at a very dangerous time.  VERY dangerous
We are at a point where events have made isolationism more and
more a concern, and the focus is more an more on the people of
this nation rather than other issues.  Events like the world
trade center, and the media attention it brings threaten to
bring more force to bear on the fragile balance between what
I will accept and what government wants.
On another note, how public is this mailing list.  I mean the
list of names here.  How unlikely is it that we might be on a
"watch-these-dangerous-activits-revolutionaries" black list
uni at acs.bu.edu

@_date: 1993-05-04 20:23:08
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: Privacy and Prices of Privacy 
ejo at world.std.com spoke thus:
WARNING: The following post, I realize, assumes that we all agree that we
should all have the right to buy and sell and take any chemicals we damn
well please. In Extropians, you don't have to mention this. In the world
at large, this elicits wide eyed stares, and sputtering noises of disbelief.
( I recall someone being willing to give up some privacy for 'less crack
in the schools.' Sorry. Not a good enough reason to give up one whit of
End Quote.
That was me.
Specifically I said:
I have a feeling that there are like minded people out there,
people who can tolerate some violations of absolute privacy
in exchange for feeling that every plane you ride on is not
at risk because of some psycho, and that less coke is going
to find its way to schools.  But who cannot tolerate
AUTHORATARIAN regimes, and practices to make these assurances.
End Quote
Sure, if YOU want to grow coco plants and harvest and process them
for your own use, I don't have a problem with that.  That's your
business.  If you want to process it into base, crack in effect,
go ahead.  I don't really have a problem with that either.
Frankly I don't have a problem with the legalization of cocaine,
I'm indifferent.  I wouldn't use any, but I'm not going to stop
anyone else from it.  I am not quite libertarian enough however
to support the sale of refined coke out there.  I think this
is a pragmatic point, based on what is practical as far as
soceity goes.  I WILL say that I can't support authoratarian
moves to prevent it.  Makeing exceptions for wiretap laws on
drugdealers is bullshit.  Follow the constitution at all times
IMHO, no exceptions.  If you can't catch em without invading
privacy then they aren't enough of a public problem to worry
about.  To me this does NOT include drug sniffing dogs at the
airport.  I really am not much offended by THIS practice.
Border control has been a standby for soverignty for as long
as borders have been drawn.  Fine.
We're getting a touch out of the scope of the list however
so I will finish by saying that it is entirely impossible to
grant ABSOLUTE privacy, and I'm not asking for it.  I just
don't want to be numbered, tracked, watched, listened to
when I am minding my own business in my house.

@_date: 1993-05-24 15:43:12
@_author: Shaen Bernhardt 
@_subject: espionage 
I get:
Taking other well-known identities:
        Silence = Ego + Espionage
                <= MC^2 + Espionage
solving for Espionage,o-Light^2
        Espionage >= Silence - MC^2of one's ego cannot exceed one's
maximum potential energy (which has great explanatory powers re. the
which raises some interesting points:
[Portions deleted, no value judgement implied]
I meant to suggest that the poster who compromised himself should have put
his/her ego aside and overcome the urge to brag.
hence espionage + ego = death.
I like your analysis however.
