
@_date: 2001-07-18 17:44:15
@_author: NBCi 
@_subject: Information for NBCi Members about www.nbci.com  
This is a second informational mailing regarding NBC Internet, Inc.  You have received this e-mail because our records indicate that you are a registered user of NBCi is in the process of making certain changes to our portal offering that may affect the way you use the site.  We are making these modifications in light of recent changes in the Internet advertising and financial markets.  The following questions and answers will provide you with an update about upcoming changes.
A. As mentioned in the previous e-mail, make sure you have a backup of all data stored on  (such as your web site, shared files, address books, and portfolio), as well as on Xoom.com and SNAP.com.  Such a backup should be stored on your hard drive, on floppy disks or other web site hosting providers, but not on the NBCi site. Instructions for copying and printing the contents of your address book and portfolio are published at B. Uploads to member pages are no longer provided.  Select an alternative web site hosting provider and ensure that your files are moved to the new provider before the end of the month.  At the end of July, we anticipate that you will no longer be able to view member pages.  NBCi has made arrangements with Homestead.com for web page hosting and XDrive.com for file storage to help make the transition a smooth one.
-For more information about Homestead.com for your web page hosting  needs, visit:  -For more information about Xdrive.com for your file storage needs,  visit:  C. Beginning July 18th, content currently supplied by some providers will be replaced with links that take you directly to the provider's web site and some content will be taken down.  These changes affect several channels on the NBCi web site (e.g., Shopping, Travel, and Health).  Please note, however, that the quality NBC content you expect, such as news from MSNBC as well as NBC TV highlights, will continue to be available at   And, as always, the  url takes you directly to programming information about the NBC Television Network.
D.  Effective July 26th, the following services will no longer be -Sharehouse -Clubs (with the exception of NBC TV clubs)
-Calendar -Clipart How can you stay informed?
-The contents of this e-mail as well as answers to frequently asked  questions are located at:  -If you have specific questions about your e-mail account, contact  mail.com (a separate company) directly using this form:    Note:  If you use the NBCi site through one of our ISP distribution partners, such as PacBell, Verizon or Prodigy, please contact your ISP directly for additional information.
General Disclaimer
Please note that pursuant to our terms of service (which can be accessed from  NBCi has the right to unilaterally stop all service and functionality to our web sites; however, we understand the importance of your information and desire to provide you with sufficient notice to allow you to act accordingly.  Nothing contained in this mailing is intended to or shall supercede our terms of service.  You can view our full terms of service if you have any questions at For risks about NBCi's business, see its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, as well as its other SEC filings.
This email was sent to: cypherpunks at toad.com
