
@_date: 2001-06-21 22:52:10
@_author: NBCi 
@_subject: Information for NBCi Members about www.nbci.com 
This is an informational mailing regarding NBC Internet, Inc.  You have received this e-mail because our records indicate that you are a registered user of NBCi is in the process of making certain changes to our portal offering that may affect the way you use the site.  We are making these modifications in light of recent changes in the Internet advertising and financial markets.  The following questions and answers will provide you with information about the upcoming changes.
A. What will happen now?
1. Initially, most of NBCi's current features and services will    remain operational with certain exceptions, including the    following:
     - New files will not be able to be uploaded to             - New pictures will not be able to be uploaded to some NBCi        clubs;      - The Pogo game section of NBCi has recently been transitioned         to  We anticipate that NBCi members may        login to the  url using an existing        account, retaining current ranking and earned points.
     - On July 6th, Fusion One will discontinue their sync service        with the NBCi calendar application.  (You will still be        able to use Fusion One to synchronize with non-NBCi        applications.)
2. The  url will continue to take you directly to    programming information about the NBC Television Network.
Note:  In the coming months, you may see additional changes to the  site.  It is our intention to provide you with advance notice of any significant changes to our portal offering.  Notice will be sent to the alternate e-mail address currently listed in your NBCi membership information.  B. What does this mean to you?
1. Make sure you have a backup of all data stored on    (such as your web site and shared files), as well as on Xoom.com    and SNAP.com.  Such a backup should be stored on your hard drive,    on floppy disks or other web site hosting providers, but not on    NBCi.
2. Begin evaluating alternative web site hosting providers.  We    recommend that you plan to have your site and shared files hosted    by a different provider as soon as possible and before July 15th.     NBCi has made arrangements with Homestead.com for web page hosting
   and XDrive.com for file storage to help make the transition a     smooth one.
     - For more information about Homestead.com for your web page        hosting needs, visit:             - For more information about Xdrive.com for your file storage        needs, visit:        3. Copy the contents of your address books (used in Calendar and    e-mail applications) onto your hard drive so that you have access    to that information when you are not on NBCi.  (Again, we expect    that your e-mail address will continue to work, but you should    make a copy of data such as e-mail addresses and the contents of    important e-mails for your records.)
4. Copy the contents of your portfolios, such as the stock names and    symbols, purchase dates, amounts, etc., so that you have access to    that information when you are not on NBCi.
Instructions for copying and printing the contents of your address book and portfolio are published at:
C. How can you stay informed?
     - The contents of this e-mail as well as answers to frequently        asked questions will be located at:             - If you have specific questions about your e-mail account,        contact mail.com (a separate company) directly using this        form:          Note:  If you use NBCi through one of our ISP distributors, such as  PacBell, Verizon or Prodigy, please contact your ISP directly for
additional information.
General Disclaimer
Please note that pursuant to our terms of service (which can be accessed from  NBCi has the right to unilaterally stop all service and functionality to our web sites; however, we understand the importance of your information and desire to provide you with sufficient notice to allow you to act accordingly.  Nothing contained in this mailing is intended to or shall supercede our terms of service.  You can view our full terms of service if you have any questions at: For risks about NBCi's business, see its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, as well as its other SEC filings.
This email was sent to: cypherpunks at toad.com
