
@_date: 1992-12-04 06:18:02
@_author: VANGUARD at gribb.hsr.no 
@_subject: Weakness of the PGP scheme ? 
To my knowledge there is done very little cryptographical anlysis on
the PGP protocol, and just recently I saw I possible weak point in
the PGP scheme.
The underlying security of the PGP scheme is based on two different
systems, the RSA asymetric cipher and the IDEA cipher. For standard
encryption the plaintext is encrypted with a IDEA using a "random"
key, then the key is communicated using RSA. Then we have two direct
ways of analysing a message, we might have a run a plaintext attack
on the ciphertext trying out all possible IDEA keys which will tak
a lot of effort, or we might break the RSA key to get the IDEA key.
But I propose an easier attack; Using a Encrypted Ciphertext together
with the public key used for encryption, It would be possible to run
a trial encrypting all possible IDEA keys using the RSA public key
and compare it with the encrypted IDEA key, if a match is found then
you have the IDEA key for this one message. Using an RSA chip that is
capable of performing exponetsiations VERY fast I dont think that
this would be unfeasable.
The most important factor in this attack is the length of the IDEA
key. But another concern is the generation of the IDEA key, is it
possible knowing the value of the RANDSEED to know all the subsequent
IDEA keys?, or would knowing the last IDEA key drastically reduce the
time needed to search for a subsequent one? So far I haven't studied
PGP enough to answer all these questions.

@_date: 1992-11-19 04:57:31
@_author: VANGUARD at gribb.hsr.no 
@_subject: Anymous Remailers and Newsposters 
I have tried out the anonymous reply service at
hal at alumni.caltech.com and I am very satisfied with the service,
however I have a suggestion that will improve the security. The way
it works now it is possible to link different messages that have the
same originator, simply by comparing the return adress.
Example I have a deal going with Bob and a different deal going with
Alice, and it would be of my interest that Alice and Bob didnt know
they where dealing with the same person. If a had given the the same
Anonymous reply adress they could compare them and see that in fact
they were dealing with the same person, thereby making it easier to
trace me:
Solutions: Use different remailers that have different public keys,
or allow for a field of "random" i.e. different bytes so that if the
return adress is identical the encoded block would be totally
I have been aware of the need to make anonymous postings on the
newsnet. I have made most of the neseccery softwar to allow for such
a gateway, but it seems that the local system administartor is
strongly opposed to the idea of the protection given by beeing
anonymous. Such a gateway has an enourmous potential, and it is easy
to see why some wouldn't like the idea.
I have also been thinking about up such a gateway in my own name (i.e
the anonymous postings would appear to come from me, with some sort
of disclaimer) but I have so far been reluctant to take the risk of
beeing identified with things that are none of my business.
Any comments and suggestions would be appreciated.

@_date: 1992-11-19 05:24:18
@_author: VANGUARD at gribb.hsr.no 
@_subject: Anonymous Reply... 
Well after I made my last posting I realized there is a mush
better way to avoid having identical reply adresses: Simply let pgp
make a new encryption of the return adress. This works because pgp
uses a different key for each message, and the key is the only
information that is encrypted with th RSA algorithm. In other words
if you encrypt a message once with a key and encrypt the same message
again with the same key, the resulting ciphertext will be totally
different, with exeption of the first bytes and the length of the

@_date: 1992-11-27 16:37:46
@_author: VANGUARD at gribb.hsr.no 
@_subject: Random numbers 
It has lately been discussed different ways to construct pure
random number generators by means of radiactive decay. I must admit
that this is a very good way to produce such numbers, but for a
number of reasons it is impractical to use such a device. (High
radiation levels are needed too produce a significant amount of data.)
    What I have been thinking of is a way to reduce the amount pure
random data needed to produce good random sequences. The way to do
this would too have a weak random number generator like:
R(n+1)=(17*R(n)+1)mod256, and then inject the pure random into this
function giving the result R(n+1)=(17*R(n)+1+PR(t))mod256 or
something of the like.
    Would this constitute a sufficiently secure stream of data for
use in one time pads? Has this been thought of before ?
THE REST OF THIS MESSAGE CAN BE SAFELY INGNORED:
    A friend of mine now serving in the air force gave me a report of
the cryptographic devices used for communicating on permanent lines.
(Twisted pair or something dug down). The machines used till now are
huge totaly outdated mostly mechanical monsters. While not
transmitting data the machines produce random data to hinder traffic
analysys (like how many messages are sent), these data are produced
by cookiebox sized thing, and I strongly suspect it to be of a very
mechanical nature. Thats how a came up with the idea of a very
inexpensive way to produce random data by mechanical means: Use a
contaner filled with marbles some made of conducting, and some of non-
conducting material. Then mix them in some way or another (this is
bound to make a lot of noise) and in the container there should be a
few closely placed points of contact that would be able to send a
small current through a steel ball if it where to pass over the pair
of contacts, and what do we have: Random Data ! (I know this is not
very practical at all)
