
@_date: 2002-11-08 10:20:50
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Did you *really* zeroize that key? 
patrick on Thu, Nov 07, 2002 at 07:36:41PM -0500
References:   <5.1.1.6.0.20021107192236.04242008
How about a simple alloca/memset ? Though it would possibly be more
subject to `optimizations'.

@_date: 2002-11-14 10:13:27
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: OPPOSE THE WAR! We are going to ruin Iraq to get the oil. 
...I have to bow to the urge to answer....
Note that everything that was proposed is bombing. Killing innocents,
in an attempt to make them revolt and overthrow their leaders so you
don't have to do it. Nothing was attempted (or was said on this) for
killing the only person.
George W Bush is a criminal. He should be jailed. This doesn't mean
I will bomb the hell out of the US until the Americans jail him.
The US have a long history of killing other people (note, not just
"bad/immoral/evil/whatever" people, just the ones that happen to
stand between the current government of a country and a US client
government (which is *not* a democratic government most of the time
a you can see from history).
Thus, why should I think the US is right attacking Iraq ? I see it
as yet another shameless power grab accompanied by lots of PR to
make it seem like the US are punishing the nasty villain.
Somebody tell Dubya this ain't Hollowood.

@_date: 2002-11-20 10:43:34
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: OPPOSE THE WAR! We are going to ruin Iraq to get the oil. 
You do realize that the whole world has been at war for hundreds
of years, do you ? Israel is now the bully in the region, and is
conforted in keeping this role by the US support.
This does not mean at all that this was always the case. Of course
there were other bullies in the past, and possibly now too. This
should not mean that this should excuse this particular bully.
It is my opinion that, after the fall of the USSR, which I saw
as a good thing, the US are now becoming much too dangerous and
need to fall, too. Having two nuke crazed countries in the world
was dangerous, but at least they were keeping tabs on each other.
I am frankly scared of what the US are becoming today. Of their
government's covert/overt manipulations, dishonesty, and violence.
Of course, I do realize that they are not alone in this game, and
that all others are doing the same kind of things. However, the
US are now in a position to do this more easily, with more power,
and still get away with it, which makes them so much more dangerous. They
don't need actual weapons to maim any more.
I just hope that Americans see this, and see that what they're
going to get from this behavior isn't world domination, but either
a genocide of half the planet, or a life in a bared wire world,
with no freedom left, in a vain attempt to protect themselves
against the rage they've patiently cultivated.

@_date: 2002-11-21 10:14:48
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Psuedo-Private Key (eJazeera) 
Don't even bother trying to destroy the original. Chances are
they will make a backup of everything before attempting anything.
And destroying something is likely to be very obvious, and very
damning. Best bet is to hide a second thing, which is kind of
incriminating, but not much. And hide it less well that the real
thing. People who think they understood the trick won't look any
further, because they think they understood it.
So, be sure to wail and complain when they discover the fake data,
and not bear a knowing smile :)

@_date: 2003-08-11 10:32:19
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: [eff-austin] Antispam Bills: Worse Than Spam? 
We're on the way. We already have seemless camera surveillance coverage.

@_date: 2003-08-18 16:33:18
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: *** GMX Spamverdacht *** Re: paradoxes of randomness 
You could very well end up with all tails. That's a sequence
that has the same probability of happening that any other sequence.
A compressor will look for redundancy in the input you give it,
not in the algorithm you used to generate that input (conceptually,
a compressor could deduce the (determinist) algorithm from the
output, but if you bring it true randomness, chances are it will
not). Thus, a compressor will compress very well a sequence made
of all tails, but badly another which exhibits no detectable
Once you have the sequence, you lost a lot of info about whatever
algorithm was used to generate it. A sequence of all tails could
have been generated by a simple algorithm which generates all
tails. That's an emergement description of this one particular
sequence, but one that would not apply to *all* sequences your
algorithm can ever produce. That's lost information, and that's
why it can be compressed.

@_date: 2003-08-21 17:01:42
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: National Emergency? 
An interesting bit in is that the US president can perform an "introduction of United States
Armed Forces into hostilities" without Congress declaring war, if a
national emergency is in effect. So the war in Iraq would seem to be
essentially legal from a POV of US law. I previously thought that only
Congress could do this. National emergency is a very interesting bit
of the code to have if you have either a friendly majority in both
houses, or if opposing you would be seen as political suicide, as was
the case in late 2001... I wonder if the powers conferred include
anything like law enacting with Congress bypass (for speed, you know,
we don't want Congress delaying this very important new bit of anti
terrorist press quashing law...)

@_date: 2003-08-21 19:59:05
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: JAP back doored 
Still useful to protect against third party eavesdroppers, I guess.
Short of onion routing, are there any other services like that around,
apart from the likes of anonymizer.com ? I've been using JAP for some
time, but mainly to hide my IP from visited sites. Guess I'll keep on
using it. I'm on Win32 BTW, as headers indicate. I'm at work, too
paranoid to access Internet from my own Unix box ;)

@_date: 2003-08-21 21:38:10
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: [Full-Disclosure] RE: JAP back doored 
Well, people say the JAP team hid it, but with that (assuming the
strings appeared verbatim in the binary), they made sure someone
would spot it. They essentially made sure the users would be warned
about it while keeping plausible deniability.

@_date: 2003-07-08 10:55:39
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: DNA of relative indicts man, cuckolding ignored 
But there is a necessary asymmetry here. If you could determine
with good precision whether someone will be affected by an illness,
when, how much, etc, then this wouldn't work, save for superstition
on the part of Joe Sixpack. Since the contract is based on a bet on
the likelihood of premium/payouts balance, the more you can find
out about the future of the insured person's organism future, the
closer the premiums will match the payouts, reliably. *IF* you can
determine this, of course. So the goal will be for the insurer to
get access to as much info as possible to assess how to set the
premiums, while preventing the insured from knowing as much, so
there is still the uncertainty and the value of "peace of mind"
gotten by the insured, and that's worth something too.
The converse is also true. And both raise the problem of assessment
of the data - how does the insurer get the data (getting DNA from
the would be insured ? with the insured's knowledge or not ? From
the contract clause that subordinates the insurance to the supplying
of the data by the insured ? Will credit bureaus expand to cover
this kind of thing ?)
If there is total symmetry, insurance loses its point entirely.
Could we see a gradual disappearance of some sorts of insurance
for events that cease to be probabilistic ?
Just musing. All of it already happens, but I'm curious about the
limit of it (in the mathemetical sense) when the precision of the
prediction tends towards infinity.

@_date: 2003-07-16 16:05:36
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Sealing wax & eKeyboard 
The aptly named Tinfoil Hat Linux does this for GPG passphrase input :)

@_date: 2003-07-24 10:14:20
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: A 'Funky A.T.M.' Lets You Pay for Purchases Made Online 
Ah, to make money off it of course! Advertize it, and people will
use it. Maybe. For a time. And when it wears off, you launch
another one. Sure, it's pointless technically, but so are many
gimmicks that are commercially viable, if only for a limited time.
And maybe the LEAs are actually even pushing it as a way to easily
catch clueless criminals :)

@_date: 2003-06-11 10:27:32
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: An attack on paypal 
Work on the existing C/C++ language will have a better chance
of actually being used earlier. Not that it removes the problem
entirely, but it should catches a lot of easy stack smashing bugs.

@_date: 2003-05-01 11:42:32
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Why is it that many people here get red faced whenever someone
hints at their private property and can't even imagine that some
people might have a slightly different view of the world they're
in ?
Why do you want private property ? You want it because it helps
you live a better life, basically. So I'll pass the ownership of
land (as it's a dumb concept but unfortunately unavoidable to
enable the ownership of immobile goods (like what's built upon
it)), so property rights are just a visible barrier people put
between them and others.
It makes perfect sense to imagine this barrier having a different
geometry for other people. I, for one, am very annoyed at people
who take a bath in perfume and seem to have destroyed their nose
doing it for their lifetime.
Anyway, the whole thing is trying to live a better life through
a mix of interaction with others and separation from others. And
property rights is just a way to attain this. Someone needn't
start tinkering with your owned stuff to interact with you, be it
in a way you like or not. Property rights are only a part of the
notional barrier, which is really the barrier of where others'
freedom stops and yours begin. And it's a fuzzy barrier at best.
Property rights are just an attempt at codifying it, and not
perfect, though sufficient in a variety of ways.
And to get back to this moronic argument that says "if you don't
like smoke, don't go downwind", have you fucking considered that
maybe I *didn't* go downwind, but the fucking smoker went upwind
of where I was ?

@_date: 2003-05-01 17:20:36
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Quarantines may be justified 
Odd. What you said is pretty close to what I was saying (or maybe
thinking), apart from the fact that I see property as a tool to
reach a goal (of a better life), and you seem to see it as an end
in itself. All the examples you cited are "trying to live a better
life", and there's nothing wrong with that as long as it doesn't
make another person's life worse.
My point is just that property rights aren't the only possible
way to improve one's life. It's just an easy way to approximate
it well enough, but it only approximates, as shown by the smoke
example: how to solve this problem with property rights without
it being too intrusive ?
It is. Some people have different goals, but everyone of them
will strive for a better life, which is a different measure for
everyone, a mixture of everything, possessions (and by this, the
knowledge that use (etc, you see what I mean) of it is secured
for the present and (hopefully) future), but also entertainment,
as you mentionned, contentment of senses (whether it is food,
sex, or whatever), spiritual beliefs, or even the warm fuzzy
feeling of having altruistically helped another person.
In having property rights and defending them, you are trying to
secure a better life for you, and possibly others. But there
are other ways that can be used to make one's life better, be
it in addition or (partial) replacement of property rights.
But just because there could be other ways to make your life
better doesn't mean you should think property rights are in
danger :) Hey, I own stuff, and I'd be pretty pissed off if
someone stole them :)

@_date: 2003-05-02 14:14:38
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Capitalism and economic struggles 
The point is to balance consequences of everyone's actions for
everyone. In your case, Alice works hard and drives Bob out of
business because she gains something in it (as the smoker did
gain something (pleasure) from smoking). But the smoker could
gain the same pleasure from smoking at another time (though if
smoking was forbidden everywhere, that would be a different
matter) for little annoyance. Alice could not do with changing
business to help Bob, this would be a huge strain on her. So,
you see, there is a large difference in the two examples, though
I grant you they seem similar.
Now, you might also say that being exposed to the smoke is only
a small inconvenience, but this is to be compared to the small
inconvenience for the smoker.
As a side note: I'd have different views on your example if
Alice was specifically trying to get Bob out of business, and
depending on the methods she was using to further these ends.
Life as a whole is, whether at the micro level of one's life or
at the macro level of evolution.

@_date: 2003-05-02 16:35:47
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Capitalism and economic struggles 
I kind of agree, to a point, but then you (and others) do the same
with imposing your own ideals to others, don't you ? As long as people
interact, they'll have to impose stuff to others. I'm imposing my
ideals (in this case, forbidding to smoke to people who want to) ?
You do yours (annoying people who don't like smoke, because you want
to smoke). I don't usually annoy smokers when they do. If I'm annoyed
by it, I just move. Unless I can't, that is. But you just act as if
*your* ideals were *obviously* the right ones. I reject that idea.
They might, and they sure are popular here. But you do impose them
all the same.

@_date: 2003-05-06 12:44:44
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Capitalism and economic struggles 
Not any more than I do, that may be so. I wasn't the one to utter"
Did I ask for laws ? I didn't. But that's besides the point, is it ?
I have a nasty habit to indiscriminately say "you" instead of "one",
and, hmm, "the Americans" when I mean "part of the US govt". Seen from
here, anyway. I just can't get the habit out, and it's generalization
that hinders discussion. But I'm very aware of it.
I'm undecided. I was thinking this exact same thing some 15 or 20
years ago. I was really in that Libertarian way of thinking. It makes
some kind of superficial sense, and I've still got ties to a lot of
that thinking. But I now am of the opinion that if you (someone, not
you particularly) do something that affects me, this person actually
is imposing something. Not at gunpoint, not with the threat of force,
litigation, jail time, whatever. But imposing nonetheless.
I'm aware of the difference of scale, and the lack of a formidable
power of coercion from an individual compared to a state. My point
is other, however, that yours. You say the state should not decide
what is and is not allowed. I say that, while the state may indeed
not, it still leaves an unresolved problem, which it is futile to
dismiss with a wave of "personal freedom", because it doesn't only
involve, in this particular case, the smoker.
However, I'm torn by the parallel with, say, free speech. Speech can
affect others, as well as smoke, or anything else, can. If you impose
it, or oppose part of it, where does it stop ? I don't have a solution
to that, apart from case by case analysis. But saying "I can do what
I want even if affects others, short of murder/rape/theft/etc", no,
I don't see that as a solution.

@_date: 2003-09-03 15:37:14
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Random musing about words and spam 
You can still do it and use such a rule with SpamAssassin or others,
while keeping a low score so that it slightly influences the results
but not too much.
Haven't tried it, but Bayesian filters might score good on that kind
of real text with random whole phrases, as tech email usually mixes
the two together (most spams I get that use these code letters do it
all at once, not interspersed with other normal text).

@_date: 2003-09-26 16:50:55
@_author: Vincent Penquerc'h 
@_subject: Critique of CyberInsecurity report 
You miss out on the fact that, if Windows has, say, 90% of the
machines (disregarding differences between desktop/server/whatever),
the damage would, with your metric, be three times as large as the
cost you point at, which would affect a third of the machines (with
numbers higher than today, but still less that what they would be
with 90% of machines running MS).
Yes, you are right: when you don't put all your eggs in the same
basket, you have *more* risk to get crushed eggs. But, in return,
you have less risk of losing *all* your eggs. The point is to contain
worst case cost, at the expense of having more likely minimum cost.
Windows 2000 was only a few years ago too. Windows NT 3 and 4 were not
desktopo OSes, used only on servers. And I worked in a company that had
the misfortune of running an NT 3 server. Preemptive multitasking does
not imply stability, as this experience showed, though I won't claim our
experience was typical.
There was BeOS too, which could have been widely available save for MS
having the computer makers' ear (firmly grasped in an iron fist).
But you still have a fair point on this point, and I agree at varying
degrees with the rest of your points, except where you come back to:
For serial systems, not parallel ones. Encryption is a serial one.
Redundancy using different systems is not: you need to destroy all
branches to bring the system down (though I do not deny that you can
bring the quality of service down by bringing a node down, depending
on the degree of redundancy).
Of course, the above holds for a more or less homogeneous distribution
of the different (here) OSes. Otherwise, you have a connected graph of
monocultures, and the first argument applies.
