
@_date: 1997-03-22 21:06:43
@_author: The Bok 
@_subject: ADV Weekly Transcripts 
American Dissident Voices Online Radio
The Big Picture A Bare-Bones Outline of Our Present Predicament by Dr. William Pierce
Chairman, National Alliance What's the most important thing in your life? Is it making as much money as possible? Is it getting along with other people and being popular? Is it security? Is it happiness? Well, of course, most of us would like to have financial security, and
we would like to be happy. But for some of us there's something more
important than security and personal happiness. I'm addressing now the
more serious-minded listeners, the ones who are capable of understanding
things like duty and responsibility. Duty and responsibility: those are almost bad words these days --
definitely not fashionable. We've been conditioned by the media to be
suspicious of people who talk about such things. This is the feel-good
generation, the MTV generation. But really, we know that more important
than feeling good is doing good, doing right. The most important thing
for us is using our lives in the right way. The most important thing is
having the right purpose and serving that purpose effectively. We need to look beyond our bank accounts and our personal hobbies and
our immediate circle of friends in order to find purpose. We need to see
ourselves set in a larger context. We need to understand how our own
lives are important as a part of the world around us: not just the world
of here and now, but also the world of the future and the world of the
past. We need to see our own lives as a part of the historical process. When we do this, when we see ourselves in context, then we begin to
understand our responsibility, our purpose. We begin to understand
what's really important in our lives. We see that we have a
responsibility to the people who came before us and made it possible for
us to live, the people whose genius and work and sacrifice built our
world for us, built our civilization for us, gave us our culture. We
have a responsibility to ensure that their toil and sacrifice were not
in vain. And we have a responsibility to the people who will come after us, a
responsibility to all the future generations of our people. We must
ensure that what we have inherited from our ancestors will be preserved
and enhanced and strengthened by us and passed on to those who will
follow us. This is the most important thing in our lives: understanding this
purpose, accepting this responsibility. At least, it is the most
important thing for those of us who are serious about our lives, those
of us who have not become corrupted and trivialized by
watching too much MTV. So we need to be concerned about what's happening to our world today. We
need to become involved in it. We need to accept responsibility for it.
That's the whole reason for Free Speech and American Dissident Voices.
It's to help with understanding what's happening, and it's to provide a
little push, a little inspiration, to get you involved. In past broadcasts I've talked about many specific aspects of what we
need to be concerned about. I've talked about specific threats to our
world. I've talked about the breakdown of our system of justice, and
I've given you specific examples: the acquittal of O.J. Simpson after he
murdered two people, and the $43 million verdict against Bernard Goetz
for defending himself against Black muggers. I've talked about the lies
and the hypocrisy of the government in Washington. I've talked
about the government's ruinous trade policy. I've talked about the
Jewish monopoly control of the news and entertainment media in America
and the destructive way in which that control is used. I've talked to
you about the movement to get rid of our Bill of Rights, the movement to
scrap the First and Second Amendments, the movement to make it illegal
for us to write or say anything which is not Politically Correct, and to
take away our means to defend our rights against those who want to
abolish them. And all of these things are important. We must look at details, we must
look at specifics, if we are to understand what to do. Today, though,
I'd like to look at the big picture. I want to talk to you about what
has happened to us, and why, and what we must do about it. First, let's back off a bit, so that we can see the picture more
clearly. Three hundred years ago, when nearly all of our ancestors were
still in Europe, we had a pretty good grip on things. We were involved
in the historical process. We had a feeling for our past and a sense of
responsibility to the future. No one was telling us that it was wicked
or racist or anti-Semitic or hateful to want to ensure a better world
for our descendants. That was because we still had our wits about us,
more or less, and we did not let anyone into our midst whose aim was to
weaken us and destroy us. We had no MTV. We were all Whites; we were all
Europeans. We had no slaves, no non-Whites among us. We kept the Jews in
their ghettos and very tightly circumscribed their activities. It was
just us. We had common roots and a common concern for the future. Now, I'm oversimplifying things a bit to make my point, of course.
Europeans did have disagreements among themselves. We did have wars from
time to time. We did mistreat each other. But it was just us. It was all
in the family. We had no aliens among us exercising influence over us
and hating us and planning our destruction. Our books and our journals
were written by us and were published by us. There was no Jew-controlled
television. Our young people were taught in our schools and our
universities by us, not by clever aliens attempting to corrupt and
subvert. And among ourselves -- just us -- we were building a great civilization.
In the 18th and 19th centuries we created a world of science and music
and literature and painting which greatly surpassed anything which had
come before. And we spread our dominion over the earth. Wherever we went
we conquered: in the Middle East and India, in the Far East -- and in
the West, in the New World. We were proud and self-confident. We knew
who we were. We were White. We were European. We did not mix with those
who were not European. When we needed land for our people, we took it.
If anyone raised his hand against us, we struck him down. And thus we
built America. And it was a strong and good and progressive nation, a
White nation. We did make mistakes during the past 300 years, though. In America we
brought in Black slaves to work the land in the South, and we brought in
Chinese coolies to work as laborers in the West. We kept ourselves
separate from these non-White slaves and servants, but bringing them
into our living space laid the groundwork for our present disaster. In France and elsewhere in Europe, we let ourselves be hypnotized by
false propaganda about equality. We are all equal, all the same, this
propaganda said, and we all should mix and be brothers, and no man
should have more than another. So we let the Jews out of their ghettoes
and we let them become citizens of European countries. They repaid us by
corrupting our music and our literature and by subverting every European
institution. One of them, a Jew named Marx, launched Communism, which
eventually enslaved half of our world and murdered tens of millions of
our people, often the best elements among our people. The brightest and
most energetic and most successful of our people were butchered by the
tens of millions by the Communists in Europe. In America they were not able to succeed with Communism, but they
infiltrated and took over our mass media of news and entertainment: our
films, radio, television, book publishing, and major newspapers. And
with these media they pushed the false propaganda of liberalism: We are
all equal, they said, Black and White and Chinaman and Jew, all the same
