
@_date: 1995-12-01 06:26:24
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
GAK or is it Gack!!!
You know, one possible solution lies in the direction of Apple's CyberDog.
It is based on OpenDoc and should be portable to windoze, I hate to say Rah
told you so but...
Even with all the ITAR silliness, even if on the contigincy that Apple
can't provide a SSL or whatever in thier HTML part, YOU can always write
your own HTML part, (its just not that complicated) in the Cyberdog
environment and override the Apple CyberDog HTML part.
This looks like a great opertunity for some Cypherpunks to write code, and
code that people DO care about.. a CypherPunk CyberDog part to replace the
Apple HTML viewer with one that has hooks for an encryption API (GSSAPI?)
(lawyer types beware: This is definitely my opinion and you and I
both know Apple is old enough to speak for itself.)
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple DTS Sniper
"One Shot..One Kill"
Fingerprint =  4F A3 29 81 50 E4 04 F2  78 25 01 87 6E A2 14 6A

@_date: 1996-08-02 05:08:07
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: A Libertine Question 
I think Bob Dole understands the needs for privacy rights for animals..
the following verbatim account of a segment of a Bob Dole appearance a week
or so ago at a cotton cooperative in Bakersfield, California
"My wife was here six days last week, and she'll be back next week,
and she does an outstanding job. And when I'm elected, she will not be
in charge of health care. Don't worry about it. Or in charge of
anything else. (Muffled crowd gasp.) I didn't say that. It did sort of
go through my mind. But she may have a little blood bank in the White
House. But that's all right. We need it. It doesn't cost you anything.
These days, it's not all you give at the White House - your blood. You
have to give your file. I keep wondering if mine's down there. Or my
dog. I got a dog named Leader. I'm not certain they've got a file on
Leader. He's a schnauzer. I think he's been cleaned. We've had him
checked by the vet but not by the FBI or the White House. He may be
suspect, but in any event, we'll get into that later. Animal rights or
something of that kind. But this is a very serious election."
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-08-06 08:57:47
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Credit Cards over the internet 
Just read a forwarded message from a merchant who indicated that:
Mastercard in no way authorises the transmission of credit card details via
the internet/email due to the possibility of fraud. Supposedly if
Mastercard finds that any merchant receives such details via
internet/email, they will cancel the merchants agreement/rights
immediately. While a lot of work is being done regarding the transmission
of secure data it has not been perfected yet. Merchants must have special
permission to accept details by phone or fax.
We have no first hand knowledge of this change in the merchant account rules.
As a merchant who accepts credit cards via the internet/email, I know that
our credit card fraud rate is around 1 in 1403 transactions. In all cases,
the card we were given was stolen by conventional means and the charge was
authorized before that knowledge filtered through the credit card system.
Seems to me that this is a small percentage.
I have heard of no one who has had their card stolen while passing it
across the internet. Local restaurants and shops and Unix file servers,
yes, but via packet sniffing, no.
If the above internet/email restriction is true and if we assume that the
people at the credit card companies do know what they are doing, then it
sounds like someone might be attempting to kill the SSL method of accepting
credit card information in favor of some other standard such as SET. I'd be
willing to bet that SET will be proclaimed as the perfected method that is
suitable for use where other methods such as SSL or PGP would not be
allowed. I'd also be willing to bet that even with SET, the fraud rate that
I experience will remain the same.
Does anyone have real facts on this?
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-08-07 20:08:59
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Mac Crypto/ internet commerce workshop registration 
BY SAFEMAIL 1.0-----
I have setup a webpage to handle registrations for the Mac Crypto/ internet
commerce workshop.
please signup and book your airlines and hotel as soon as you can.
I am still looking for presenters,  if you plan to talk, please drop
me an outline, pronto
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL 1.0-----
Version: 2.6.i
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-08-08 07:52:35
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Apple people on the li 
I can't offer much that would satify Tim's needs,  he would have to look
elsewhere for that (I will restrain my comment about a size 12 boot)
The  Mac crtpyo workshop  is
just that,  a workshop:  a guerilla effort focused at Mac developers who
write code to start including crypto in thier code. I am also sponsering an
effort among developers to do keychain management on the Mac, In a manner
similar to the popular Internet Config. Developers get together, talk,
hack, and go home with plans to write stuff.
What I offer developers is much more important to me right now. people
complain about email apps not having built in crypto, I am trying to do
something about it.  So are folks like Olivier Merenne who does SafeMail
 . these are the
kinds of people that I want to help.
The workshop us not a forum for the very people that Tim complains about,
to rant about how great the Mac is or isnt. or why crypto is good or bad, I
will leave that to the wired.coms  and other non-tech forums out there.
I agree with Tim, If you really want to hear tim talk, you cant ead his
rants on cp or I have a better idea, maybe you can send him some bucks and
he'll send you a cassette tape or something (I would suggest he makes a
quicktime movie and put it on your webpage or do a webcast, but that
requires you buy into the Apple world doesnt it, so maybe you can do the
windoze equiv)
nuff said,
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-08-08 08:51:13
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
you guys have way, WAY to much time on your hands. CP is starting to sound
more like a bunch of bickering old ladies than the usual bickering group of
old ladies (uh I mean crytpo anarchists) . I would have responded and put a
round through the head of this discussion a few days ago, but my digest
feed to cp died a few days ago.
Since all this  crap seems to center around a conversation between me and
Tim , and really should have stayed that way, (Bob, consider this a rap on
the nose with a rolled up newspaper) lets just clear up a few points nad
then please move on to the next subject.
By developer demand I am hosting a technical workshop for Mac Crypto
developers  and asked Tim
if he would like to speak, I though that since he has so much interesting
stuff to say on the net that he might want to share it with some folks who
write code for a living.
Tim declined. no problem, normaly that would have ended it there, but Tim
went on to state that I excluded him from the Mac Crypto list, I replied
that I did no such thing and that I inherited the list (and hence any guilt
I guess), He went on further deriding the Mac.
I have been on the net long enough to no longer care about religious wars
about "how long who's pull down menu was", BUT, I belive that Tim was a bit
out of line with some of his comments about Mac Developers and Apple
employees. I have a problem with that. We emailed a bit and came to the
agreement that Tim would not be an appropriate speaker for a Mac technical
workshop. fine, end of story,lets move on.
But then Bob comes along and does his rant, the point was not so much to
pick on Tim, which I belive he didnt name, but more to point out why the
Mac is an important platform for crypto. Tim reacted and the pissing
started. Lets just end it now. I am sure you all have better things to do.
What I am concerned with is that in all the noise the following points are
being lost in the fog of war.
1) there a a LOT of Mac clients on the Net. windoze might be popular in the
corporate office, but Macs are still easier to configure (prove me wrong),
and hence do have a place in this world.
1a) The Mac also has one of the best networking environment available for
the desktop platform, OpenTransport IS very fast. And do me a favor dont
complain about opendoc until youve tryed and write code with OLE.
2) Apple is nowhere near dead, anyone who says this is either smoking
something harsh or lives in media painted world. The same people that say
Macs are dead are the same uneducated liberal buttheads who write in the
San Jose Merc Pravda about how a disarmed populus is a free(h)er one.
3) If you want strong crypto to get to the masses then you better start
paying attention to genetic deversity or as I like to call it Watership
Down syndrome, If you put all your crypto eggs in Bill's basket then don't
complain when you find that the MicroSoft CAPI only supports escrowed keys.
so lets all grow a little thicker skin and move on with it. while you all
piss and moan, your rights are being stolen away, If you want to help
crypto suceed then you have to care about Macs, just as much as windoze or
Sun or Be or whatever platform.
Back to work.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-05 13:15:04
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Lack of PGP signatures 
it's time to shit or get off the pot.
If what is holding us back is a PGPlib, (even though I personaly belive
it's a bit late, S-MIME is becoming pretty popular)  then either finish it,
or make it available for someone else to finish it.  I know that at least
on the Mac if there was a there was a PGPlib, you would have seen more than
one native email plug-in from the last Mac hack.
Maybe Macintosh developers havent done crypto for a variety of reasons,
whether it be NSA strong arming or not, BUT... I tell you as soon as
someone releases a  Mac CFM library that does crypto, thats when you will
see interfaces that Joe-sixpack will use. And none of this silly
telnet/unix shell I can't send my passphrase over the wire crap.
Hello...Thats why they (we) make powerbooks.
OH and I would suggest that you do make the interfaces/doc public in
several well-known places (TM) ASAP. cause like the AT&T commercial says,
have you ever been visited by the men with dark suits..you will.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-05 13:35:20
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism. 
Since this has become terror-punks I guess I should throw my e$.02 into the
I have to agree with the entity that call himself snow that one of the
reasons that you don't see so much civil induced terrorism in the US, (as
oposed to terrorism the Feds do) is because there is so many channels for
free speach here. This helps to vent and depresurize the situations. There
is little need for organizations to underground, since most things can (or
used to be) be better done out in the open. In fact you will attract less
governement attention that way.
Take Greedpiece (typo) GreenPeace for instance, they are able to perform
thier forms of terrorism very overtly, same for Anti-Abortionists.
Sometimes I am astounded by the lack common sense that government officials
display. Bill Klinton and his media budies (Ted Copulate etc) are the best
recruiters for Militia groups, After the OKC bombing, his accusations of
Militia involvement pissed off so many middle of the roaders that
memberships showed a marked increase. Thanks to Sen Fineswine, Semi-Auto
purchases had a record year in California. (does she have stock in
Norinco?) There is no conspiricy on the governements part, just plain
actually I know of an individual who did just that: he bought out an DDR
arsenal, and flew it into Ohio on a Soviet transport. Scared the shit out
of the  ATC working the airport that day. Result: large supply of Soviet
SKS, Moisan-Naggant and AK's for gunshops, just in time for the Fineswine
blue light special. he made big bucks.
Yes it does have a way of changing the way you look at the world. I only
wish the clowns in office who make the decisions that the grunts guarding
the embassies should have empty mags, could see any of this shit. War does
suck, and suck in a big way, and when your there, and I don't mean watching
it on CNN, you ARE in a world of hurt.
Roger that, an I for one don't want to see that war fought on US soil. This
is the part that scares me the most.
So my point is, the more the government inflates a non existant problem,
the bigger the problem gets.  The part that really bothers me is that too
many times these are all diversion from important issues.    The American
people seem to be on a steady diet of OJ and CNN,  when the war, the real
war that will shape the future gets no media coverage. Things like
education, and economic strategy are just not sexy enough for TV.
I was always taught They have nothing left to lose..make em happy and send
em to Allah (or whatever) as quickly as you can.
Tim, you are asking for the liberal media to act responsibly.. what were
you thinking?
speaking of liberal media,  I have lost all creditibility with my Bostonian
friends this week trying to tell em about the feature I saw in the San Jose
TV news, where some animal expert actually suggested admininstrating
tranquilizers to the family poodle in preparation for 4th of July
festivities..something do with fireworks.  OK maybe in Santa Cruz the
animals (at least the ones downtown) are already on tranquilizers. But who
wants a dog that can't deal with loud noises anyways, he'd be useless for
But what do I know.. I just practice law Samoan style.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-06 12:44:36
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism 
last time I chacked there were at least two Leftist Militia's in the
SantaCruz area. (now ain't that a scary thought... Liberals with guns).
These people, both Right and Left don't get it. Blowing shit up and running
around in the woods with cheap ChiCom rifles palying army does nothing for
your cause.  It just distances you from the mainstream morons. This makes
it easier for the Feds to get away with kicking in your door, gassing your
kids and shooting your wives. all in time for the 6PM news.
I guess I dont understand this fascination with Militias and woods, Maybe
these guys forgot how much fun it was to toast marshmellows in the woods,
assuming you have the proper permit from the CA state parks.
The SWC arent kooks, they are con men
Col Gritz actually does have some interesting stuff to say, He is really a
very caring guy. But I do think he could use a (better) PR person. I like
about 99% of what he has to say,  I just filter out the stuff about UN and
weather control. (the UN can't even control it's bowels much less the
weather). But hey Bo is old enough to take care of himself.
Absolutely. Something like "some asshole terrorist just blew up a building.
No cause was sited, is enough" Don't quote thier organization, don;t quote
thier cause. just make look like the kook they are. Oh and offering
citizens some bounty money for thier hydes is a good idea. Or better yet,
when you catch the fuckers, give em a fair trial, and a public hanging.
Same goes for terrorists that shoot pregnant women if you know what I mean,
but thats my opinion.
As for a solution to governement problems, I have always and still belive
in the ballot box first. And the only way to win votes is to appeal to the
morons out there who do vote.. Maybe there is hope in the next generation
of internet literate kids.. or maybe I am just a dreamer.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-07 02:29:39
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Net and Terrorism 
BS. I am not being that idealistic. look all I am saying is that maybe the
net just offers kids the ability to see a variety of views instead of the
mainstream liberal (or whatever it will be next week) controlled media. For
now anyways any entity that has something to say and can write his way out
of a paper bag has pretty much the same ability to influence on the net (at
least newsgroups) as say Ted Copulate does.
Maybe freedom we have here wont last for long, maybe the Pointcast of the
future will just create another MTV generation...but at least for now we
have a voice.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-19 07:22:54
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Mac Crypto/ internet commerce workshop , sept 5-6, cupertino.. 
The Mac Crypto  / Internet commerce workshop,( gathering, conference) will
happen...YES (if more like machack than anything else.)
The dates will be Sept 5/6, Here in Cupertino, CA at Apple.
In addition I will also host the Aug (late) or Sept Cypher-punks meeting
one of those nights too.
My goals are:
1) to provide a vehicle to educate any and all Apple employees and
Developers who are responsible for apple's future on the internet about
what is going on in the Internet commerce world.
2) To provide a forum where developers can work together to create internet
commerce producs for the Macintosh platform.
I am responding to the copious  feedback that I have recieved from
developers  both at WWDC and MacHack, through the various mailing lists
that I run (Mac-crypto, net-thinkers etc) and through personal contacts.
The (real)  prelminary agenda goes something like:
(day one) Introductions and overviews:
1) Introduction to crypto technology, what is it who are the players.
2) Introduction to electronic commerce (Finacial cryptograpy), e-cash,
e-checks, digital bearer bonds, etc.
3) How to use this technology today,  where is the oppertunities.
4) What needs to be done on the Mac, oppertnunites.
(day two) Tech stuff.
1) Random number generation on the Mac, (the key to strong crypto)
2) Password management and the Mac (How to get something better than the
Powertalk keychain)
3) Optimizing crypto on the PPC.
4) How to write a OT network server that will give you the  performance
required for transacting business.
remember this is a totatly grass-roots thing, but we are gathering
momentum. Look at how effective Internet-config is on the Mac.  The
conference will materialize more in August,  consider this an official
So book your air tickets, while they are cheap.. (bring a parachute?)
be there, aloha!
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-19 14:55:33
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Tim, I understand you are pissed about what's going on in society but this
really isnt a great strategy;
doesn't this make you a prisoner of sorts... it is not healthy to go
through long periods of time in orange alert.  this might sound macho but
it's impracticle.
Your choice of weapon is admirable, but I would suggest that something more
akin  to Glaser safety slugs,  SW.40 or .45 would be better. with proper
training you can perform an upward stitch, legs first. the point is the
Glaser won't pentrate the walls and nail your neighbors. The +P penetration
is way to strong and most likely to pass through.
A scatergun is generaly a better weapon for home defense. there is
something about looking down a 12 guage that changes your mind, Ninja suit
or not. Besides this kind of strategy is better used on gangsta types.
pretty dumb attitude, I would also profess that One Live Tim May, even in
Jail  is worth more to the protection of freedom than one martyred nekid
getting into a gunfight with an entry team that has had much more practice
than you can only lead to one conclusion, really the only protection from
these Ninja's is through some form of covenant community. All joking aside
that what Bo Gritz was really trying to do in Idaho, build a place where
your neighbor watches each others back. It doesnt mater whether your agree
with his politics or not, the point is he has an workable idea, Now couple
that with redundant instant communication..the kind that is hard to jam.
hmm imagine what  Waco would have been like if the Branch Davidians:
1) were not morons.
2) knew how to use the news media
3) had redundant, spread spectrum, satilite, and underground comms into the
This equals instant net coverage, to rival CNN. It makes for a hard
target.Armed with your Militia-Mailer(tm) the strong crypto edition and
live video, these folks would never consider getting near you.
In some ways we already have one now, there are quite a few Cypher-punks
out there, and it's pretty easy to get the word out.
Historicaly  folks like BATF  prefer softer targets, they are safer. Ever
wonder why doesnt the Reno squad hit the crack houses..well thats kind of
dangerous, these folks know what they are doing and the cost to raid them
can be very expensive in lives. And what do you get when your done, another
well payed judge simply lets em out again..
It's also clear that there is another manufactured arms race going on, this
time instead of Communism it's the "war on some drugs"  It is costing us an
incredable amount of tax dollars, it fucks with our freedoms, and produces
limited results. This war also has the side-effect of producing a general
feeling of disenfrancisement among the very citizens it is designed to
Folks like Her Klinton, piss off the the American people, when on one hand
they spout rhetoric about how drugs are bad, and on the other hand condone
Fighting back through firepower is unlikely to acheive the goal you want,
It endangers innocent (if there are any left) folks and leaves you looking
like a HCI poster child. I can see it now, "Crazed Naked Hippy Dies in
battle with Federal Officers, linked to ITAR regulated Munitions factory".
A better approach is to disarm and expose these bozos for what they are,
and for christ sakes get out there and VOTE... dammit... and get your
friends to VOTE..
But what do I know.. I just play a lawyer in Bob's rants..
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:05:16
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Arun you are lost..
Thats plain HCI statistic crap, DONT YOU BELIVE IT, those numbers are based
on drug dealers killing other drug dealers.. read the real FBI numbers,
they are on the net.
Anyways the real reason that the "more likely" argument bothers me  is that
its like saying that Crypto is more likely to be used by criminals than law
abiding citzens.
bad attitude. thats the reason we have Her Klinton to begin with,, apathy
there is some truth to that
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-21 03:44:23
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
On 19 Jul 1996 19:51:39 Hallam-Baker wrote
As a native Bostonian, I have to tell you that the original "Tree of
Liberty" was cut down many many years ago and in it's place now stands a
storefront, if you look up onto the second floor you will notice a frieze
of a tree. This is all that stands to commemerate the "Tree of Liberty".
oh btw that storefront is in the comabat zone of boston, and the last time
I checked that  store was called either the "Naked I"or the "Pussycat
lounge", can you guess what they sell?
It's been a while since I've been in that neighborhood, so I dont remeber
the street corner, ask bob hettinga if you want to know where.
Speaking of Bob Hettinga put it to words best, told me that standing on the
Concord bridge he could see the colors of the American flag eminating
outwards to the rest of the country. Yup this is where it all started..
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-22 02:21:05
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Tom Broken interviews Pres Scrotum [NOISE] 
INTERVIEW OF THE PRESIDENT BY TOM BROKAW OF MSNBC
            The Roosevelt Room, July 15, 1996
          MR.  BROKAW:  ....
  You and I have been looking at another question from
the Internet:  Does Chelsea net surf  and,  if  so,  how  do  you
protect  her  from  inappropriate  material?   Does  she  use the
computer pretty handily?
             THE PRESIDENT:  She does.  I  don't  think  she  net
surfs a lot, simply because, at least during the school year, she
has too much homework at night, for several  hours  every  night.
But  she  does  some.  And, honestly, I can't protect her in that
sense because she knows so much more about it than I do.
             But one of the things that we're trying to do  --  I
think  with  the  support  of everyone -- is, first of all, get a
case up to the Supreme Court so that they  can  define  what  the
First  Amendment  requires  us  to  do  and not to do in terms of
legislation here.   And  then  we  need  to  find  some  sort  of
technological fix.
             During the break  you  said  that  Mr.  Gates,  Bill
Gates,  said  that there's at least a possibility of developing a
log --
             MR. BROKAW:  Yes, they've got a  log  built  in  now
that you can go in and check on.
             THE PRESIDENT:  Yes, so the parents can  see  what's
been  called  up.   And,  of course, we're working on this V-chip
with television and with the entertainment industry supporting us
with  the  rating system.  So there probably will be some sort of
technological responses here.  But then parents like me are going
to  have to assume the responsibility of becoming literate enough
with the technology to work with our children and make sure  that
we and they make responsible choices.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-22 08:41:26
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's(the thread that wont die) 
I believe Jeff Cooper calls it "Hoplophobia - (1) An irrational fear of tools.
(2) By extension, an irrational fear of weapons or things which may be used
as weapons."
" Hoplophobia is, after all, not a reasoned position, but rather a mental
aberration. Being basically emotional, it is a feeling rather than an
examined forensic position. " J Cooper.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-23 10:12:52
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
booby traping your home is a really stupid idea, I promise that your
dog/child/spouse will be theone to accidentally set it off. besides for
this you can get sued..
every hear the one about the case of a guy who constantly had his radar
detector stolen out his his car, he decides to set a trap and rigs his next
one with exposive. The perp steals the box, sells it. someclown powers it
up on his dash board and BANG!.. well you'd figure justice is served, but
the NYC judges awarded the mass of flesh damages and charged the guy with
only in Amerika..
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"Law - Samoan Style"
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-24 06:05:06
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: SHI_fty 
Uh I think apple had that for a while, it's called cyberdog
 screw this ole fud.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-28 20:16:21
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
AT  Sat, 27 Jul 1996 16:14:24 Alan Olsen wrote
. actually this is the major reasons that I am doing the Macintosh Crypto
conference at apple Sept 5/6.I want to educate mac developers about crypto.
(with or without mr may)  Maybe, Just maybe one of these guys will go out
and write  great crypto program (like a Kid-Crypto..Kidpix clone) that will
let the average joe use crypto.
as things stand now, windoze folks are going to have to  settle with
Mcro$ofts Access to Keys...MAK or is it Bill's Access to Keys.. BAK in any
case I didnt want to get into a my pulldownmenu is longer than your
pulldownmenu argument.. I just want to see it get on the radar fo people
who code.
You see I dont care what your favorite platform is,( if you like editing in
VI fine, I personnly like TECO), BUT  I am acting localy, doing my part,
not just complaining about it... So if you want to help, I am still looking
for folks to talk... maybe about why crypto is so important.
Crypto-archarchy. or maybe some e$ stuff would be nice...
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-29 13:35:35
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: your favorite poison recipes 
I'd have to say Federal Match in.308, Lead poisoning -- Long distance.
Martin; last time I checked you were a trickle down vegaterian too.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-07-30 04:33:24
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: your favorite poison recipes 
I'd have to say Federal Match in.308, Lead poisoning -- Long distance.
Martin; last time I checked you were a trickle down vegaterian too.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
Expanded Recipient List:

@_date: 1996-08-01 03:20:56
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
here is something my girlfriend sent me the other day, after reading the
Klinton-Antifreedom/terror news
Setting: Germany in the late 30's. Quote from "Stones from the River", by
Ursula Hegi.
I think this rings true for our country today. The tragic reality is that
the majority of people have simply forgotten the urge to question what they
read in the news.
"The people of Burgdorf went to parades and speeches--some because they
genuinely believed in their leaders; others, because not to go would call
attention to themselves.  Most practiced the silence they were familiar
with, a silence nurtured by fear and complicity that would grow beyond
anything they could imagine, mushrooming into the decades after the war
which, some began to fear, was about to happen.
To justify this silence, they tried to find the good in their government or
fled into the mazes of their own lives, turning away from the community.
They knew how not to ask questions; they had been prepared for it by
government and church. Over the years, they had forgotten that early urge
to question."
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
"And someone said Hey man did ya see that?
   His body hit the street with such a beautiful thud..
I wonder if he knew what he was getting into...
  Or was he just lost in the flood?"

@_date: 1996-06-05 12:21:01
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Info on DES crypto program 
Hey all;
Does anyone have experience or comments about a product called Code Cryptor
from New Mexico Software. I belive it is yet another DES based product. tey
have a web page at:
"Rah's Samoan Attorney"
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-06-29 08:46:34
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: crypto and bagpipes [NOISE] 
Vinnie Moscaritolo
"friends come and friends go..but enemies accumulate."
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1996-03-20 09:51:23
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Mac Crypto Conference 
hey all;
I am interested in putting together a Macintosh crypto conference for folks
who do or want to write crypto on the mac.  I was thinking about a one or
two day thing..real tech stuff. (not so much the users), but I am flexable.
  I plan to hold it here at apple, cupertino. (so as to make it real cheep)
 If you have any ideas on what you would like to see there, either drop me
an email, at  or if you think it is worthy of a
public discussion reply at cypherpunks.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple DTS Sniper
"One Shot..One Kill"
Fingerprint =  4F A3 29 81 50 E4 04 F2  78 25 01 87 6E A2 14 6A

@_date: 1996-03-20 09:58:57
@_author: vinnie moscaritolo 
@_subject: Mac Crypto Conference 
hey all;
I setup a mac-crypto mailing list at  majordomo at thumper.vmeng.com
the ususal:
to: majordomo at thumper.vmeng.com
subscribe mac-crypto
will get you on board.
I't purpose is to discuss the specifics of macintosh based cryptography,
save the politics for cyhperpunks.
my first topic of discussion is the idea of a mac crypto conference, here
at apple, cupertino. I wsa thinking of a one day afair, a few sessions,
mostly tech, open to the developer public.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple DTS Sniper
"One Shot..One Kill"
Fingerprint =  4F A3 29 81 50 E4 04 F2  78 25 01 87 6E A2 14 6A

@_date: 1996-10-08 17:11:26
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: yellow journalism and Encryption 
The following is an example of the asswipe media's attempt to write about
Encryption controversy pits life against liberty
TOM ABATE
EXAMINER COLUMNIST
The Clinton administration tried again last week to rally support for an
encryption policy that would give the FBI the means to tap any electronic
communication, without unduly infringing on civil liberties or impeding
software exports.
At stake in the policy battle are software exports worth millions, Fourth
Amendment rights Americans have enjoyed for centuries, and innocent lives
that the good guys say might be saved if they're able to keep snooping on
the bad
And the reason all of this has become a policy jumble is simple. Computers
have made it cheap and easy to create unbreakable secret codes to protect
phone calls, e-mail and data files against electronic bugging.
That's why this technology, called encryption, means profits in Silicon
Valley, more privacy for you and me, and a problem for federal
investigators. Because secret codes allow criminals to nullify the fed's
favorite tool - the wiretap.
"Wiretapping is the main issue," said Stewart Baker, former general counsel
of the National Security Agency, the CIA's code-breaking and eavesdroping
"For the administration to abandon the position it started with three years
ago would be to say, "We are the administration that is going to give up
the wiretap as a law enforcement tool,"" he said.
That's why last week the administration tried a new variant in its
3-year-old campaign to require that code-making systems be built with a
"spare key" investigators could retrieve, under court order, to crack any
When the administration first proposed this idea in 1993, it involved a
device called the "Clipper chip," which would have deposited spare keys
with government agencies. Almost no one outside the FBI liked that idea, so
last week the
administration floated a compromise: to let U.S. firms export strong
code-making products, provided they deposited the spare key with some third
Exports are the odd piece in this policy puzzle. The U.S. government has no
authority to regulate secret codes within U.S. borders. But a law passed
after World War II put secret codes in the same category as munitions,
products that
cannot be exported without a license.
The government has used this export-licensing authority to indirectly
control code-making software here. Most high-tech firms are unwilling to
sell two sets of encryption products, one full- and the other
half-strength, so they have
sold weak encryption products everywhere.
In essence, the administration hopes to use export controls to change the
balance of power in a new war. This time the enemy isn't the Japanese or
the Germans, as during WWII, or even our Cold War adversaries, the
Russians. Instead, the administration fears drug smugglers, organized
criminals and terrorists will use code-making devices to evade electronic
evidence-gathering techniques, notably wiretapping.
"If two criminals are discussing a plot over the telephone and we have a
wiretap order, the encryption would negate the wiretap," said Michael
Vatis, a senior Department of Justice official.
The same would happen if investigators seized the computerized bookkeeping
records of a drug-smuggling ring only to find they were saved in an
unbreakable code. But as frustrating as it might be to seize a mound of
indecipherable evidence, it was the prospect of losing the wiretap that got
Vatis most aroused.
"For serious investigations involving terrorists or organized crime . . .
where you're worried about hundreds of people being killed . . . the whole
point is to keep the investigation secret or the whole thing blows up," he
Having access to a spare set of code-breaking keys "is not a shift in the
balance of power," Vatis said. "It's preserving
the status quo."
Not so, argued Daniel Weitzner, an attorney with the civil libertarian
Center for Democracy and Technology inWashington, D.C. Forgetting
encryption for a moment, Weitzner said, a wiretap is unlike any other tool
in the
investigator's arsenal.
"To get documents sitting on my computer, the FBI has to come into my
office with a search warrant," Weitzner said. "I have to know about it."
Exactly the reverse is true for a wiretap. To be effective, the subject
must be ignorant of the tap. Weitzner said this
notion of a "secret search" went against a central principle of the Fourth
Amendment, which protects people from
unreasonable search and seizure.
"When wiretapping was allowed in 1968, Congress basically said they were
going to create an exception to this rule,"
Weitzner said.
But in the three years since the Clipper debate began, the FBI has enlarged
its interest beyond preserving phone taps
and has asked for spare keys to the codes used to protect Internet traffic
and stored computer files, Weitzner said.
"If the FBI is able to transfer its wiretap authority to the Internet, it
would give the bureau access to a new realm of
activities," Weitzner argued.
Using the spare keys to Internet transmissions could give the agency access
to medical records, charge card receipts or
other data stored or transmitted on the global network. Moreover, the
agency might be able to tap some of this
information in transit, without the knowledge of the person being
investigated, whereas today agents would have to
visit the doctor's office or bank, potentially alerting the target.
"If all things in the digital world are open to wiretap-type scrutiny, then
we have lost the protection against secret
searches," Weitzner said. "What is on the way to happening is that the
exception could swallow the rule."
The temptation to tap wires is as old as wired communication itself,
according to Clifford Fishman, law professor at
Catholic University's Columbus School of Law in Washington, D.C., and
author of a textbook on wiretapping.
During the Civil War, both sides tapped telegraph lines to spy on troop
movements. Wiretaps were common in the
early days of the telephone, and Supreme Court decisions during the 1920s
said this was no invasion of privacy
because the tap was on a public telephone pole and not inside a home.
In response, Congress made wiretaps illegal at the federal level as part of
the Communication Act of 1934. But
Fishman said state investigators kept right on using wiretaps, as did the
feds, who sometimes used unauthorized taps
on Mafia and political figures during the long reign of former FBI director
J. Edgar Hoover.
Congress legalized federal wiretaps in 1968 at a time when Richard Nixon
was campaigning against the liberal Earl
Warren Supreme Court.
"The mood in Congress was to defang the Republicans on law enforcement,"
Fishman said. "Lyndon Johnson, with
palpable reluctance, signed this bill to permit federal officials to obtain
a court order to do a wiretap or a bug and use
this information in court."
Fishman, a former New York City district attorney, considered wiretapping
essential to investigating the most
dangerous crimes and called the administration's latest spare-key proposal
a good compromise.
But civil libertarians fear that giving investigators the keys to unlock
any coded phone call or electronic document will
greatly expand the realm of secret searches and tempt them to abuse a power
that was denied them in the days when
ensuring privacy meant putting wax seals on envelopes.
Much of the coverage of the encryption controversy has centered on the
complaints of Silicon Valley firms that they are
losing hundreds of millions of dollars in exports to foreign competitors
who don't have to limit the strength of their
encryption products.
Though that may be the case, there's more at stake here than money or jobs.
Our wired society is about to decide how
easy it should be for investigators to figuratively climb up the telephone
pole to put alligator clips on our secrets,
whether innocent or criminal.
To give investigators the keys to every code might be too much temptation
and a threat to civil liberties. To deny
investigators the keys may handcuff them in the fight against increasingly
sophisticated and deadly forms of crime.
That is the nature of the choice on encryption policy, and that is why
there is no simple compromise.
Tom Abate's column appears every other Sunday. You can reach him this fool
mailto:tabate at examiner.com
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
 "...and by the way, Mr.Speaker, the Second Amendment is not
    for killing little ducks and leaving Huey and Dewey and Louie
    without an aunt and uncle. It's for hunting politicians, like
    in Grozny, and in the colonies in 1776, or when they take your
    independence away."
   --- Rep. Robert (B-1 Bob) Dornan (R-CA) responding to Bill
       Clinton's "State of the Union" address, January 25, 1994

@_date: 1997-06-03 01:53:22
@_author: Vinnie Moscaritolo 
@_subject: Comments on the Macintosh 
I agree,It's mostly bugfixes, But Tim, why can't you get it...
Apple's MacOS team grew from 6 people in the 7.5.3 days to about 100 in the
7.6 8.0 release.. there are many bugfixes and performace enhancements in
the 7.6 release.. and yes you should use Opentranport (at least 1.1.1 or
Tim,.I am suprised to hear you whining with such a liberals voice..  I
always thought that  demanding memory protection in an OS  is a lot like
demanding that the government is responsible for protecting you from
anything that might go bad.. If applications are well written, then you
really dont need the memory partitions in a personal computer.
 That is if application writers would take responsibility for thier own
apps... But I guess you are right.  "something must be done about those
badly written applications" ..maybe we should pass a new law, it  can be
called the  "Fineswine-May Memory Protection Act" ... maybe you should
start drafting it now..
But until then Tim, you can always run mkLinux.. but I think you just
really like to complain.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
"And someone said Hey man did ya see that?
   His body hit the street with such a beautiful thud..
I wonder if he knew what he was getting into...
  Or was he just lost in the flood?"
