
@_date: 2012-08-05 19:18:56
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin + Open Transactions + Web Of Trust 
Didn't the cypherpunks do research on zero-trust reputation management
networks back in the 90's?  Also, the trust metric normalization
research being done now should be part of that if it's not already.

@_date: 2012-08-05 19:20:48
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin + Open Transactions + Web Of Trust 
To be fair, some of the biggest and most hard hitting scams on the
Silk Road so far were perpetrated by people who spent stupid amounts
of time (well over a year) and effort (rep scores in the double, if
not triple digits) building reputations before they blew it all to
scrap with a single massive rip-off.
Assassination markets, while an interesting idea, haven't yet really
taken off.  There are a few out there but nobody seems to be taking
them seriously.

@_date: 2012-08-06 16:31:25
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] IMPORTANT: Delegation, decentralization, personal initiative 
There are bits of infrastructure that the rest of us can set up, Amon.
The Zero State wants to use the Tor network to communicate, yes?  So,
let's set up Tor nodes.  All of us.
Not necessarily exit nodes or routers - not everyone's in a position
to do that - but to run a Tor hidden service you don't need to run an
exit node or router, just a Tor client.  Tor in client mode is
perfectly capable of making arbitrary TCP-based services available on
the Tor network, in fact that's how Torchat works.
There are some services we've been talking about for nearly a year
now, from a private link aggregator ala delicious.com to a distributed
software development and revision control system.  Let's set a few of
these things up as Tor services, spread the .onion URLs out of band
(i.e. not on this mailing list) and hammer on them.  For those of us
who use IRC, set up  channels if they don't exist already
(or join the ones that do) so we can have a presence.  Let's set up a
Tor-only Zero State IRC server, for that matter.
If you're involved in any projects (and a lot of us are) there isn't
any harm in stating that you're a member of the Zero State in addition
to being a dev on $project.
Again, practically all of us on this mailing list have projects
running in the background.  Let's collaborate on them.
Project Byzantium (my pet project) needs translators for the control
panel, the captive portal, and some other stuff.  We're refactoring
code right now but when we get i18n going I could really use some help
with that.  I'm willing to try out some transcranial
electrostimulation systems to see how well they work on my
non-standard neurology, plus I'm going to need to cram a few languages
for some overseas travel coming up, so I'd like to see if I can do an
"I know Kung-Fu" while under the electrical influence.
What else does everyone have?  What are we willing to put even two
hours toward on someone else's project?

@_date: 2012-08-08 09:39:35
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] IMPORTANT: Delegation, decentralization, personal initiative 
Please keep in mind the following things:
An increasing number of world powers (i.e., goverments) are deploying
hardware at both the ISP and the national levels of communications
infrastructure which are capable of monitoring the traffic of
thousands of people in realtime, 24 hours a day, seven days a week,
year 'round.
There is no shortage of manufacturers of this hardware and software:
Surveillance deployment in the Middle East is on the mind of many,
chiefly because they think it can't happen where they live.  It
already has happened where they live.  The country I live in - the
United States - deployed this functionality over a decade ago and has
gone to incredible lengths to keep it not only unaccountable but safe
from any sort of oversight or legal interdiction.  The only reason
this is known is a pair of whistleblowers who are now nearly as hot
targets as Julian Assange is these days.  Depending on whom you talk
to, Great Britain either has plans in the works for, or already has
implemented the Interception Modernisation Programme, which is
designed to carry out exactly the same tasks for the same reasons.
Same with Sweden, and there is absolutely no reason at all to think
that other countries did not do precisely the same thing years ago.
This equipment's been on the market for over a decade to whomever can
pay for it.
We are attempting to bootstrap a transnational social state, unbound
by political or geographic boundries, making use of and pushing the
envelope of bleeding edge technology, and functioning more or less in
parallel with everything else.  That is not only highly unusual, but
in a time of amazing paranoia and fear it is extremely suspicious.
By "amazing paranoia and fear," I refer to the following groups that
have been investigated (and occasionally infiltrated) because they are
considered potential terrorist threats: Vegan cooking classes in
California, the War Resisters League, Code Pink, the Rhode Island
Community Coalition for Peace, Food Not Bombs (which is de facto
illegal in Florida now), the People's Summit (held in 2008), the Free
Mumia Abu-Jamal Coalition, a couple of pro-Palestinian organizers (I
have an interesting video squirreled away about that), the Critical
Mass Bike Ride, the New York sports club Extreme-Goers, anti-death
penalty groups in Maryland...
To think that we're not on someone's radar already is folly; we
already are whether or not the humans in the same orbit as the
technology are aware of it yet.
If we don't start following through with our plans now, pretty soon it
won't matter.

@_date: 2012-08-08 09:43:14
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] IMPORTANT: Delegation, decentralization, personal initiative 
Here I have to politely disagree with you: By double-clicking on the
"Start Tor" icon not only was the Tor control panel started up, but a
fully configured instance of Tor and a fully configured and hardened
web browser ready for use.  That's hard to beat.
What was the last game you installed?
People routinely go to much farther lengths to conceal their points of
origin just to access Etherpad or search for a .torrent file.  Much
farther lengths, and they're a lot more strict about maintaining their
OPSEC than most of us on this 'list are, I have a feeling.

@_date: 2012-08-25 22:24:57
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Project RES: #cryptoparties 
In response to Australia's new data rentention laws, Telecomix has
begun spreading the meme and organizing cryptoparties - parties at
which privacy, anonymity, and cryptographic technologies are taught to
all and sundry - around the world.  I would recommend that, as part of
the privacy and anonymity parts of RES everyone look around for
cryptoparties being held in their local areas and attending to receive
training.  I'm organizing one in the DC metroplex, most likely at
HacDC for early September.
Realtime updates: The wiki is a little thin at the moment but people are beginning to
capture information about local parties there:

@_date: 2012-08-28 10:36:54
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Fwd: Announcement: Diaspora* Will Now Be A Community Project 
Thinking back to an article Douglas Rushkoff wrote a while back, let's
see what's out there...
Established gratis orgs that already do this:
Open Source Currency: Based on Rails, F/OSS timebanking software.
Community Forge: Based on Drupal, implements LETS.
Ripple: Track obligations through a socnet.
This will also be of interest:

@_date: 2012-12-03 11:07:27
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Culture of envy & the societal value of free citizen 
Unemployment is distributed in several areas in the United States
(Maryland, Pennsylvania, Washington state that I know of) in the form of
pre-paid debit cards (through Mastercard).  There aren't many reasons that
other sources of payment might follow that path.
Don't expect them to be so easy to get hold of and use for much longer.
They're already considered unusual and worthy of further scrutiny:

@_date: 2012-12-06 11:11:24
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] /. ITU Approves Deep Packet Inspection 
There's an even better way:
Thanks to Asher Wolf of Telecomix for getting hold of the official version
and sending it to Boing Boing.  Amazing what "please" and "thank you" will
still get you... their trying to convince her to treat it as sensitive
after the fact was grin worthy, too.

@_date: 2012-12-09 01:49:10
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: Some notes toward a fully distributed, serverless 
Now that Windbringer's been upgraded, I was able to install and run
CouchDB.  Which means that I've been hacking around.
Take cover.  Incoming JSON and incoherent rambling.
couchdb listens on 127.0.0.1:5984 by default.  Configure Tor to expose port
5984/tcp on .onion.  Voila.
creating new databases (even remotely) is as simple as making an HTTP
request to localhost:5984 consisting of
    PUT Then documents can start being added to it.
The array "acl" has a couple of default values.  An an entry "all" mean
that anyone can read and replicate it.  "private" means that only the
author is allowed to access it; an empty entry means the same thing.
Every post and comment is stored as a separate document with the same
schema.  The key "acl" is an array of usernames that are allowed to see the
post.  By extension, this is also the list of nodes that are allowed to
replicate this document.  The field "post" is an integer that increments
with every blog post one makes.  This field is used to tie together a post
and all comments that are tied to it.  The key "type" is the type of
document, either "post" (a blog post) or "comment" (a comment on a blog
database name: n25_blog_
blog schema:
{_id: "autogenerated",
 _rev: "autogenerated, too",
 acl: ["all", ],
 author: "me",
 content: "Contents of my blog post",
 post: 0,
 title: "Frist psot!",
 type: "post",
Every bookmark one stores is kept as a separate document in a database.
All have the same schema.  The "acl" key works as defined earlier.
Eventually, I'd like to make a JavaScript bookmarklet that makes it much
easier to store a bookmark in this database.  I'm not sure if bookmarks are
going to be private only (i.e., personal) or
database name: n25_bookmarks_
bookmarks schema:
{{title: "",
  url: "",
  description: "",
  tags: ["", ],
  categories: ["", ],
  acl: ["all", ],
  date_added: ["YYYY/MM/DD", "HH:MM", "TZ"],
  date_modified: ["YYYY/MM/DD", "HH:MM", "TZ"], },
Yes, I know that JSON documents aren't really schemas.  I need to call them
something, and I don't yet know the terminology ("layout" says HTML to me
and not the format of the data in a document because it's not markup.  Then
again, I relate to device drivers better than I do websites.)
database name: n25_profile_username
profile schema (dumped from my CouchDB instance and reformatted for
   "_id": "",
   "_rev": "",
   "profile": "{"chosen_name": "Bryce A. Lynch",
                "aliases": ["Bryce",
                            "The Doctor [412/724/301/703][ZS|Media]", ]
                 gender: ["Androgynous", ],
                 identification: "Organic sapient with semiautonomous
software augmentations",
                 location: "I am everywhere.",
                 email_addresses: ["virtualadept at gmail.com",
                                   "bryce.lynch at zerostate.net",
                                   "bryce at somewhereelse.com", ],
                 websites: [" ],
                 IM: [{network: "gchat",
                       protocol: "XMPP",
                       handle: "virtualadept at gmail.com"},
                      {network: "Network25",
                       protocol: "torchat",
                       handle: "foo.onion"}, ],
                 public_keys: [{"My PGP public key goes here"}],
                 profile_address: ["something.onion", ],
                 tor_sites: [""],
                 bio: "This is where I write freeform stuff about myself.",
                 interests: ["ad-hocracy",
                             "anhedonia",
                             "anonymity",
                             "privacy",
                             "assembly language",
                             "blogging",
                             "hacktivism",
                             "tor",
                             "python",
                             "mesh networking",
                             "couchdb", ],
                 skillset: ["system administration",
                            "system architecture",
                            "information security",
                            "security research",
                            "mesh networking",
                            "linux",
                            "bsd",
                            "software engineering", ],
                 projects: [{name: "Project Byzantium",
                             position: "core developer",
                             website: "
                            {name: "Zero State: Media",
                             position: "Project Manager",
                             website: " ],
                 affiliations: ["Project Byzantium", "Zero State", ],
                 bitcoin_address: "blahblahblah",
                 blog_db: "n25_blog_brycealynch",
                 bookmarks_db: "n25_bookmarks_brycealynch", },
"friends": "{acl: ["all", ],
             friends: [{chosen_name: "Amon Zero",
                        local_name: "Amon",
                        profile_address: "something_else.onion"}, ]
         }",
"cached_friend_profiles": "{}", // Note, these are duplicates of the
profiles of everyone on this user's friends list.  I'm not going to
reproduce them here.
   "date_updated": ["2012/12/08",
                    "18:19",
                    "EST5EDT"],
   "groups": "[acl: ["all", ],
              {name: "Zero State General",
               description: "General Zero State discussion",
               database: "zerostategeneral", },
              {name: "Network25 Updates",
               description: "Status and development reports for the
Network25 package",
               database: "n25updates", },
              {name: "",
               description: "",
               database: "", },]"
TODO: Finish adding ACLs to the profiles.  Also, figure out how to write
CouchDB design docs to make this information accessible without using Futon.

@_date: 2012-12-30 14:37:08
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Travel with notebook habit 
This is what I do when I go OCONUS.
I have an older 'burner' laptop that I only take on travel with me that has
a 250GB hard drive.  Before every trip I DBAN the drive and reinstall my
usual desktop and applications (reinstallling Arch Linux is pretty fast
once you're used to it, and I use Backpac (
 to automate much of the
construction process).  I also make sure to copy some files into my home
directory just so anyone poking around in there will have something to find
- photographs from vacations, RPG books from Drive Thru, and whitepapers
that I never seem to have the time to read at work.  I try to shoot for
looking like a harmless nerd.
Before I left I built a file on a separate system that goes into a
directory of videos on my website which is actually a TrueCrypt volume
containing a KeePass database, a copy of the Tor Browser Bundle, Torchat, a
set of SSH keys that are only used while on travel to log into certain IP
addresses, a set of OpenVPN certificates to set up a VPN connection to a
machine I trust back home, and a text file of URLs and IP addresses for
things.  Anything sensitive that I pick up while on the trip (like notes
taken or documents) get copied into the TrueCrypt volume.  The TrueCrypt
volume is only opened when I need it, otherwise it just sits on the hard
drive pretending to be a video.  Bandwidth permitting, I download that file
to my laptop for the duration of the trip, and (also bandwidth permitting)
it's SCP'd up to the same web server it was downloaded from so there is
always an offsite copy (which also gets backed up once a day along with the
websites on that server).
Just before heading home, one last copy is uploaded to the web server and
then it's securely deleted from the drive.  I don't use journaling file
systems on my travel laptop, so it seems to have a better chance of
irretrivability.  I've also experimented with overwriting the file with ISO
images (like the Arch Linux installation ISO) and other videos (concert
footage is nice) prior to shredding the file.  I haven't done a forensic
analysis to test whether or not an actual overwrite takes place, so take
that with a dose of sodium chloride.  It makes me feel better, though.
Sticks are easier to throw away/hide and if your laptop is stolen/seized
I would recommend microSD cards for this - much smaller, can be fitted into
a USB key-like adapter for access, they're relatively cheap (so you can
carry a lot of them with you, and if one goes missing it's hard to tell
(*cough*)), and they can be destroyed with a pair of nail clippers or a
flush if absolutely necessary.
That's a pretty good idea.  Not the way I roll, but it works.
That was a concern of mine, but I've not heard of it happening before.
Good to know it's a risk worth planning for (I do - Firefox, LibreOffice,
Clementine, a couple of other familiar-seeming apps on the desktop).
No, they're not.  White text in black windows sets people off.  Too many
movies with thrilling scenes of people typing, I think.
I put stickers on the seams on my notebooks in places where they would have
to be damaged to gain access to the internals - on the sides, on the bottom
over a screw or two, places like that.  I use different stickers for every
trip - sometimes Snoopy, sometimes My Little Pony, sometimes whatever is
cheap in the kid's section at the drugstore.  I switch them up to make it
less likely that the sticker pack used can be guessed (maybe it's a bit
overboard, but it's also minimal effort on my part).  If the stickers have
been creased, cut, or moved it would mean that someone had been poking
around in the guts of my laptop.

@_date: 2012-07-01 14:16:54
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Neat wallet 
Yes and no.  For people who are very concerned about their privacy and
anonymity, chances are their standard OPSEC process is a lot more
involved than this.  Look at Anonymous' OPSEC handbook, for example.
However, this doesn't do much to help legitimize Bitcoin as a
currency.  OPSEC like this screams 'shady' to average folks and
doesn't shine a particularly favorable light upon Bitcoin.  Moreover,
average folks aren't going to want to do this just to pay for an ebook
or cover their AWS bill for the month, they're going to want to click
on a webpage and be done with it.
There is room for both ultra-paranoid OPSEC and having all little mad
money stashed away in Bitcoins.  The two user communities have to grow
at roughly the same rate, though.

@_date: 2012-07-19 10:42:19
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Fwd: [HacDC:Byzantium] Announcing the release of Byzantium Linux 
Hash: SHA1
Good news everybody!
We're finially recovering from all the excitement and lack of sleep that
was HOPE. So we know this announcment is a little late, since we already
did this on stage on Saturday, but better late than never.
The whole team, as well as our very dedicated supporters, is proud to
officially announce the public release of Byzantium Linux V0.2a. You can
find the download links on our website ( as
well as on several popular torrent trackers. We also have a few of the
printed CDs left over (and more on the way) which are available upon
We have code-named this release "Bath Salts" as a reference to the drug
which was originally reported to be responsible for several zombie-like
cannibal attacks.
Please help us distribute this release announcment far and wide. The
official text is included below.
Thank you all,
Ben the Pyrate
ANNOUNCING BYZANTIUM LINUX V0.2a (Bath Salts)
Approved for: GENERAL RELEASE, DISTRIBUTION UNLIMITED
Project Byzantium, a working group of HacDC ( is proud
to announce the release of v0.2 alpha of Byzantium Linux, a live
distribution of Linux which makes it fast and easy to construct an
ad-hoc wireless mesh network which can augment or replace the current
telecommunications infrastructure in the event that it is knocked
offline (for example, due to a natural disaster) or rendered
untrustworthy (through widespread surveillance or disconnection by
hostile entities).  Byzantium Linux is designed to run on any x86
computer with at least one 802.11 a/b/g/n wireless interface.  Byzantium
can be burned to a CD- or DVD-ROM (the .iso image is around 460
megabytes in size), booted from an external hard drive, or can even be
installed in parallel with an existing operating system without risk to
the user's data and software.  Byzantium Linux will act as a node of the
mesh and will automatically connect to other mesh nodes and act as an
access point for wifi-enabled mobile devices.
THIS IS AN ALPHA RELEASE!  Do NOT expect Byzantium to be perfect.  Some
features are not ready yet, others need work.  Things are going to break
in weird ways and we need to know what those ways are so we can fix
them.  Please, for the love of LOLcats, do not deploy Byzantium in
situations where lives are at stake.
- - Binary compatible with Slackware-CURRENT.  Existing Slackware
packages can be converted with a single command.
- - Can act as a gateway to the Internet if a link is available (via
Ethernet or tethered smartphone).
- - Linux kernel v3.1.8
- - Drivers for dozens of wireless chipsets
- - KDE Trinity v3.5.12
- - LXDE (2010 release of all components)
- - Mplayer
- - GCC v4.5.2
- - Perl v5.12.3
- - Python v2.6.6
- - Firefox v4.0.1
- - X.org
- - Custom web-based control panel
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS (to use)
- - Minimum of 1GB of RAM (512MB without copy2ram boot option)
- - i586 CPU or better
- - CD- or DVD-ROM drive
- - BIOS must boot removable media
- - At least one (1) 802.11 a/b/g/n interface
SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS (for persistent changes)
- - The above requirements to use Byzantium
- - 2+GB of free space on thumbdrive or harddrive
WHAT WE NEED:
- - Developers.
- - Developers!
- - DEVELOPERS!
- - No more Bill Ballmer impersonations.
- - People running Byzantium to find bugs.
- - People reporting bugs on our Github page
(  We can't fix what we
don't know about!
- - Patches.
- - People booting Byzantium and setting up small meshes (2-5 clients)
to tell us how well it works for you with your hardware.  We have a
hardware compatibility list on our wiki that needs to be expanded.
- - Help translating the user interface.  We especially need people
fluent in dialects of Chinese, Arabic, Farsi, and Urdu.
- - Help us write and translate documentation.
Homepage: Download sites: This announcement is published under a Creative Commons By Attribution /
Noncommercial / Share Alike v3.0 License.
You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google
Groups "Project Byzantium (Emergency Mesh Networking)" group.
To post to this group, send email to Byzantium at hacdc.org.
To unsubscribe from this group, send email to
Byzantium+unsubscribe at hacdc.org.
For more options, visit this group at

@_date: 2012-07-23 09:46:09
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Another face of Corporatism: Private armies and police 
They're out of the chain of command.  PMCs have already made the US
notorious overseas because of their antics.
They're able to negotiate their way around many of the laws and
regulations that apply to us ("Laws for thee but not for me.")
They aren't held to codes of conduct or oversight that police forces
are.  No accountability, either.
That makes them too big a risk and untrustworthy to mine eyes.
We don't allow it.  Entities that are incredibly rich and well
connected made it so, and there isn't anything anybody else can do
about it.
I hate to frob the pessimist bit this morning, but that's pretty much
what it boils down to.  Those who have the gold made the rules.

@_date: 2012-07-23 10:32:34
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: considerable BTC concentration in a single account 
I was hanging out in the liminal space between jellyfish and
cypherpunks, and we were talking about Bitcoins and how traceable they
were given how complete the public transaction ledger has to be.  We
also discussed the research that's already been done on it
Bitcoins can be divided up down to eight decimal places.  Bitcoin
addresses can be programmatically generated and used.  Bitcoin clients
can interact over IRC (though this is deprecated) and over the Tor
network more or less automagically.  Bitcoin clients can be interacted
with by other programs to accept arbitrary commands (including sending
fractions of Bitcoins elsewhere).  There are also several Bitcoin
tumblers out there already.
My scenario was this: I want to launder a single Bitcoin so as to make
it as difficult to trace back through the public ledger as possible.
I am willing to sacrifice up to one quarter of its value (b 0.25) for
this purpose but would prefer to not do so if I could get away with
it.  I have access to sufficient machines (virtual and otherwise) to
run multiple Bitcoin clients and multiple custom-written agents that
interact with them to carry out various tasks.  I'm willing to accept
up to a week of latency for each sub-bitcoin bundle.  I am the C&C for
this operation, though I use software I wrote myself to make it easier
to manage everything.
Now going into list mode to make it easier to lay out and comment on:
I generate a new Bitcoin address for my b 1.0.
I pseudo-randomly split my Bitcoin into thousands of sub-bitcoins
valued between 0.00000001 and 0.0000001 but which total back up to b
1.0.  I do this with some software I wrote that automates the process.
 I could probably do this with Python.
On each of my servers I programmatically generate a pseudo-random
number of single-use Bitcoin addresses.  Let's say several hundred
each though I might only use a small fraction of them.  Afterward, all
of them will be discarded.
The temporary laundering wallet begins to distribute those thousands
of sub-bitcoins between all of my confederate single-use Bitcoin
addresses.  The latency between each transaction is variable; to be
practial, not more than a day, though it would be possible to take
even longer.
Some of those confederate addresses transfer sub-bitcoins to other
single-use confederate addresses.  Some accumulate a few sub-bitcoins
(let's say b 0.00000006).
Some of those confederate addresses transfer their aggregate
sub-bitcoins to other confederate addresses (b 0.00000006).  Some
split those sub-bitcoins up into other denominations (b 0.00000001) (b
0.00000002) (b 0.00000002) (b 0.00000001) and transfer them to other
confederate addresses.
Some of those confederate addresses send their sub-bitcoins to some of
the public tumblers, which eventually send them on to other
confederate addresses.  Here, value can be sacrificed to make it more
difficult to trace where they go.
Possibly, some of those confederate addresses accumulate sub-bitcoin
bundles and purchase digital goods rather than re-sending them (like
VM time, MP3s, or porn).  Possibly, some of the addresses that digital
goods are purchased from are mine anyway, which gives a convenient
excuse for their dropping out of circulation for a while.
This goes on for days.
Eventually, as many sub-bitcoin bundles as possible (which themselves
have been split and recombined and traded over and over) trickle back
into a set of single-use Bitcoin addresses which I set up that
collectively hold much of the value of my original b 1.0.
The first thing that comes to mind is that this stunt would bloat the
public ledger to an amazing size due to all of the addresses and
transactions.  That would honk a lot of people straight off.  It could
also potentially DoS the Bitcoin network by running up all of the disk
space their public ledgers and debug.log files are kept on.
The second thing that comes to mind is that the blockchain watchers
(and there are apparently a lot of them - case in point, the discovery
not too long ago of the address that controlled over a half-million
bitcoins) will no doubtedly notice these shenagains and make a big
deal of it.  That would draw attention to my operation and would no
doubt cause crowdsourced investigation, intelligence gathering, and
Third, because all of these transactions would be in the public ledger
they could eventually be mapped and traced back.  I don't know if
there would be any way of tracing all of these thousands of Bitcoin
addresses back to a single individual or group; if at the end all of
the fractional Bitcoins would back up in the same address they
certainly would be.  I'd be trying to mitigate that by using separate
machines that interact with one another through a variety of
communications channels.  I'd also be trying to avoid that by
maximizing rather than minimizing network latency ala anonymous e-mail
remailers.  This might wind up requiring prohibitive amounts of time.
The downside to payment would be driving the seller the Bitcoins are
being transferred to nuts.  "I need you to be patient because I'm
going to send you several thousand sub-bitcoin bundles between
0.0000001 and 0.0000010 in value each from several thousand burner
addresses..." That would be like paying for dinner with buckets full
of pennies, and at a minimum would be grounds for receiving an atomic

@_date: 2012-06-02 13:04:33
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin Price Manipulation 
While irritating, that also says something about Bitcon's ease of use.
 If it's easy to make impulse purchases it's easy enough for the
majority of people to use on their own.
Along similar lines in this discussion:
A few coders are working on adding Tor hidden service support to the
Bitcoin client, i.e. when a Bitcoin client is configured to use Tor it
automagically sets up a .onion address for itself.

@_date: 2012-06-05 09:43:34
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Why centralized infrastructure doesn't work 
SSL and CAs being completely b0rked out of the gate and all that...
 Moxie Marlinspike's talk last summer.
Centralized SSL authorities being compromised has been a problem for
nearly five years now.  Plus, there is no way of knowing how  many
"*.*" certs are floating around out there because they're just files
that can be copied.
Also, there are CAs which will sell *.* MITM-capable certs to whomever
is willing to pay for them because they are then loaded into "loss
prevention" devices to look for data exfiltration.  So, on that front
the battle's already lost because one corporation's MITM cert is
another's surveillance tool.
Has convergance.io gotten any easier to use, or does it still have a
certificate-hairball heart attack the first time one runs a Google

@_date: 2012-06-22 09:45:29
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: ISP sniffing day begins July 1 
Yep.  I wrote a couple of scripts that package meta-X-spook text in
UDP packets and launch them at random intervals, just to give them
something to look at.
The safe thing to do would be to assume that companies' communications
are being recorded for analysis as well.  I don't see why ISPs would
differentiate between home and business customers on their networks
for this, if only to cover their butts in case somebody pwns
example.com's office LAN and uses it as a staging ground for an
attack.  It would minimize liability on the part of the ISP.
Office-to-office VPN connections might become popular as a result.  I
wish it were so, but I don't think this'll be the event that tips
PGP/GnuPG usage over the top into commonality, though I do advocate
and train for it at work for this reason.

@_date: 2012-03-22 10:41:24
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Bitcoin Seeks New Life In Africa 
Incidentally, and this is something that needs to be said out of due
dilligence, this is what helped kill e-cash in the 90's when some of
the cypherpunks came in from the cold and started their own e-cash
ventures.  We can't forget that chargebacks are how banks make a lot
of money, and they still don't know how to act when that's not
Paypal also started locking the accounts of people who were accepting
currency in exchange for Bitcoins.  So far as I know, those accounts
are still locked out and the funds in them are still frozen.
That is a huge, huge problem.  On the desktop/laptop side that's
mitigated by cut-and-paste.  It's also a good argument for escrow of
funds - to catch that problem.  On the mobile side, I know a few
people are working on QRcodes for exchange of Bitcoin account codes.
Also remember that MTgox got pwned but good a couple of weeks ago.
Confidence in them tanked as a result.
On the less legitimate side, there are a number of people out there
with fairly high reputation scores on darknet fora who convert
one-time-use Greendot codes into Bitcoins in an anonymous manner.
They're pretty highly ranked on the Silk Road.  On the Third Black
Market, not so much, but time will show who's good at it and who's
What I'm curious about (though I probably shouldn't be) is how the
exchangers in question are cashing out their Greendot and Moneypak
cards because (in the US at least) they have to be tied to a
government acknowledged identity, which torpedos anonymity.

@_date: 2012-05-08 09:33:57
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [info] [ZS] Prestige Bitcoin 
Something that just came to mind...
It would make sense for the Zero State to make use of distributed
software engineering tools for its development projects, as it aims
toward a completely decentralized way of going about just about
everything.  This implies at a minimum a revision control system like
Git ( or more ideally a complete solution like
Fossil (
 Git only handles revision control and tracking of files checked into
it, but Fossil includes a fully distributed wiki, bug tracker, and
blog.  While a "home base" server could (and should) be set up, each
participating client has a point-in-time snapshot of the whole
shebang, and clients could update one another if necessary; ideally,
multiple home base servers which sync with one another could be
established (with round-robin DNS records) and clients can sync from a
single hostname (home-base.zerostate.net, let's say).
Where I'm going with this is here: pre- and post-commit hooks can be
integrated into the repo to do arbitrary things... like ping a
reputation management system to register the activity carried out by
developers as part of the repnet being discused in this thread.  I
suspect that plug-ins could be developed that also manage a user's
reputation index based upon blog posts, tickets
opened/commented/fixed/closed out, comments left on posts,
documentation written, and so on and so forth.  This would also have
the advantage of being self-documenting, because rep would be based
upon the deliverables checked into the repository and thus visible to
everyone taking part.
This could also be used, now that I think of it, for managing and
developing stuff for the ARG.

@_date: 2012-05-08 10:30:43
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] BitCoin FBI report 
I find it interesting that they consider their intel regarding
donations to illicit groups using Bitcoin of low confidence, seeing as
how LulzSec practically pioneered doing so.  Sabu was so owned by the
FBI a lot of people in the whitehat court of infosec consider them a
false flag.
Botnets are already being used to mine bitcoins.  Not commonly due to
how detectible it is, but it's being done.  This hasn't caught on yet:
If the FBI consider it easier to track people converting Bitcoins into
fiat currencies (their words), the solution is simple: don't convert
Blackhats are already using Bitcoins to pay for services, including
periods of DDoS attack against arbitrary targets and selling
weaponized exploits.  Judging from the reputation tracking on the Silk
Road for such services, somebody's got to be getting their money's
We had best tread carefully.  Or start working on developing an
disseminating a memetic counterattack.

@_date: 2012-11-05 14:58:33
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ARG] Re: [ZS] RESfest 2012 [F] : Alternative & Post-Economics 
In the EC2 it's likely that the bandwidth used will be the primary driver
of cost and not CPU power.  Here is an article I've written that covers
that ground:
In short, as far as the EC2 is concerned bandwidth is bandwidth, regardless
of what it's used for.
Depends on what your ID is.  For example, this is a Bitcoin public address
(used to send Bitcoins to whomever has the matching private key):
However, for a social network a Bitcoin-like Id will never work thanks to
Zooko's Triangle ( which
means that human readable IDs will be necessary.  So... practice good OPSEC
if you don't want people to know who a pseudonym corresponds to.  As for
reputation economies, reputation is attached to an identity (pseudonym or
otherwise) - as long as the entity presenting that identity is doing good
business with that identity, it doesn't really matter.  There are
cypherpunks and hackers out there who never came in from the cold (i.e.,
dropped their pseudonyms) and have a significant amount of social credit
attached to their handles.
Sybil prevention techniques based on the connectivity characteristics of
The part of the Wikipedia article you linked to describes a failure mode of
the Advogato Trust Metric, where someone claiming credentials that were not
earned managed to beat the system.  Perhaps Advogato isn't the right
I'll reread your paper and see what else I can work out.
There are a few problems with such a scheme, most of them having to do with
the amount of work a person has to do, as opposed to the amount of work
that the software has to do.
The "core group" (the folks who were there when something was done) have to
document what was done; people generally put off writing documentation
until the last minute when they absolutely have to.  So, people have to be
comfortable with writing up what was done and by whom, and applying
signatures to it prior to posting.  The software can hopefully automate the
digital signature bit, but the people have to do the writing.
Farther out from the "core group of foo", everyone who's one hop away has
to be prompted with a yay-or-nay to sign off on what happened.  It's easy
(and common) to just click "Ok" and get on with things, but that also means
that people can potentially sign off on things that haven't actually
happened.  Because verification of a writeup has to be done, laziness can
torpedo the system.
That would be a good thing.
I'm doing some searching online and in my personal archive and I've found
references in Timothy C. May's _Crypto-Anarchist Manifesto_, Wavyhill and
Andre Goldman's DefCon 12 talk _Toward A Private Digital Economy_.  I have
a few more papers put away but I'll have to go through the last... 200 or
so hits in my search manually.
You may also find the paper _Distributed Marketplaces Using P2P Networks
and Public Key Cryptography_ by Signorini, Gulli, and Segre interesting.  I
can send you a copy if you like.
The paper _Implementation of P2P Reputation Management Using Distributed
Identities and Decentralized Recommendation Chains_ by Satheesh and Naresh
_Formalizing and Securing Relationships on Public Networks_ by Nick Szabo
might be helpful (formalize.txt).
_The Cyphernomicon_, section 19.4.80 was where I first heard of reputation
networks.  Section 16.7 also has relevant information.
Reed S. Abbott's thesis _Closed Pseudonymous Groups_ will no doubt be of
If anyone wants copies of the documents I've found, I'll be happy to post
Thanks for your ideas! I appreciate them. Do you want to be mentioned in
If I was able to help somehow, I wouldn't mind being mentioned.

@_date: 2012-11-09 14:14:43
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Somehow appropriate. And important. And mythic. 
Or, "You're on the Global Frequency."
Project Byzantium has been tapped to provide communications assistance in
Redhook, New York this weekend.  We're gearing up and leaving for New York
If anyone in the Zero State is within spitting distance of Redhook, we can
really use some help.  Ping me offlist for contact info.

@_date: 2012-11-10 10:29:39
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Somehow appropriate. And important. And mythic. 
Please redistribute widely:
Project Byzantium is on site in the Redhook neighborhood of Brooklyn, NY.
We're setting up a mesh network to restore connectivity to the community at
the request of the community.
We need brains and bodies to help us set up nodes.
We need laptops with wireless cards, USB keys, blank CDs.

@_date: 2012-11-10 18:52:05
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Somehow appropriate. And important. And mythic. 
Another update:
We need a source in New York City for Proxim microwave point to point
equipment. We are setting up a long-shot data link to bridge a several mile
gap between the mesh and the uplink to the global Net. Please spread this
The Doctor [412/724/301/703][ZS]
Sent from a Global Frequency satphone.

@_date: 2012-11-16 12:20:39
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: [FoRK] Reminder: ZSF launch event tomorrow! Please help 
Whether or not DWave's products are true quantum computers is still a
matter of debate due to the specifics of the architecture (quantum
annealing != quantum-entangled bits).  Secondly, if and when true quantum
CPUs are developed, a lot bigger fish than Bitcoin are in line to be
fried.  Among them, the encrypted communication links used by global banks,
multinational corporations, and large governments.  Don't forget cracking
the keys on pilfered encrypted data, either (you can bet your bottom
$unit_of_currency that people want to find out what's really in the file
Also, the Bitcoin protocol was designed so that the message digest and
cryptographic algorithms could be swapped out if need be.  There are at
least six categories of algorithms at this time that would fit that
particular bill, and no doubt more will spring up.

@_date: 2012-11-16 12:50:37
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: [FoRK] Reminder: ZSF launch event tomorrow! Please help 
That would be contingent upon whether or not anybody above a particular pay
grade has ever heard of it, understands it, or has someone tell them that
it could be a bad thing.  There isn't a unified front on Bitcoin in
government right now; probably a few geeks they have as contractors know of
it but they're not talking about it on site.
That said, cryptocurrency's been tried in the past, and it was the lack of
chargebacks (which banks make obscene amounts off of) rather than the
legality which killed it.

@_date: 2012-11-16 13:14:23
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [tor-talk] How close to really secure Android phone with Tor and crypto? 
It's incredibly tiny for a voice app, too - 2.53 megabytes in total.

@_date: 2012-11-25 19:23:35
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: decentralized chat using CouchDB 
It's interesting this showed up.. I've been writing up notes (mental
meanderings, really) on the same problem.  One of them has to do with
storing files in Mairdir/ format ( on a
Tahoe-LAFS storage grid, and the other has to do with hacking Litter (
 for a) multiuser support, and b) storing
posts in a MongoDB database replicated-and-sharded across a Byzantium mesh
rather than distributed with IP multicasting and cached in lots of
user-centric SQLite databases.
If anybody would be interested in taking a look at them, I'd be happy to
post them.

@_date: 2012-11-28 10:26:39
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: RESfest 2012 [B] : Basic issues: The importance of 
Necroposting, to be sure, but it's of relevance to Network 25:
CouchDB ( is a NoSQL database server which is capable
of constructing massively distributed databases with very little effort.
Everything is stored internally as JSON documents, and the server speaks
HTTP(S) with a REST API, so you can manipulate it with a web browser (or
even wget or curl, if you've a mind to).  Applications are written in HTML
with JavaScript and stored in the CouchDB database itself.  To access them,
you just plug the URL of the CouchDB server into your web browser and use
it like any other website.  It runs well on remarkably underpowered
hardware I'm told.
PouchDB ( is an extremely tiny implementation of much
of the CouchDB API written in JavaScript and is designed to be embedded in
web apps.  When you access CouchDB apps that use PouchDB, PouchDB
transparently proxies requests and caches output from the Couch database.
Here's the nifty bit: If you go offline - your cellular reception tanks or
you have to disconnect from the local wireless net, you can continue to
interact with the web app in question as long as it's in your browser's
cache because it has a snapshot of all of the relevant data inside of it.
When you go back online, PouchDB synchs up with the CouchDB instance
I have a subprocess researching this combination for Project Byzantium - I
think we can implement the massively distributed microblog with it, among
other things.
For a truly distributed Network 25, we might want to consider researching
and making use of whatever CouchDB socnet apps exist.

@_date: 2012-11-30 11:25:18
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: Some notes toward a fully distributed, serverless socnet/communications 
This is a dump from one of my desktop note-taking apps.  It's not fully
fleshed out, and in fact a fair amount of discussion needs to take place
before it will be.  As always, if we can re-use and extend an existing
application, we should so we can apply time and energy toward making it do
exactly what we want rather than potentially reinventing a wheel:
CouchDB ( is a distributed NoSQL database which
stores JSON documents rather than information in rows and columns in tables
documents are managed with MVCC (Multi-Version Concurrency Control), and
the network is designed for eventual consistency
automatic conflict resolution
CouchDB nodes can connect to one another to replicate data very easily
designed to operate offline - do what you want with your local copy of the
data, and when you reconnect it'll automatically resynch with the rest of
the CouchDB network you set up
designed for ad-hoc connections - whatever connection it has, when it has
it, it can use it to connect to the network
lightweight - the proof of concept Twitter-like app (Toast) supported
thousands of transactions per second while running on an older Macbook Air
accessed in the fashion of a hash table, i.e. with key/value references
queries are done with JavaScript
the API is bog-standard HTTP(S)
can be interacted with using wget, curl, or a web browser
runs on everything from Windows to Android
because it includes its own HTTP(S) server, it is capable of hosting apps
within the database itself, so you don't need an external framework (like
PHP, Rails, or Django)
apps are written in HTML5 and JavaScript, stored as documents in the
apps are trivial to deploy
book is online, free to download and read, can be found on Github also:
we can conceivably use CouchDB to implement Network25 (and whatever other
information storage solutions we will eventually want to use)
installation can be a single installer for every platform - download this,
double click on it, when it's ready it'll tell you
every document can have its own schema, which is simple to determine
because it works just like a hash table (key/value)
public profile document (gets replicated)
_id: "Bryce A. Lynch",
_interests: ["long walks on the beach", "moonlit nights", "massively
distributed systems"],
_friends: ["friend", "friend", ...],
_publickey: "",
private profile document (doesn't get replicated, stored on machine,
optionally encrypted and must be unlocked with a passphrase when the
Network25 app is started)
_id: "Bryce A. Lynch",
_publickey: "",
dump the list of keys and sort through their associated values one at a time
because there is no central server - every client is also a server - this
also means that we could, in theory, protect arbitrary volumes of data in a
given Network25 user's account with public key crypto
for every user of Network25, there is a document containing the public keys
of that user's friends
documents can be encrypted to the public keys of only a subset of that
user's friends, such that only their private keys can (automatically)
decrypt them:
_id: "",
_post: "",
_encrypted: "yes",
_authorized_accounts: ["", "", "",
"", ...],

@_date: 2012-11-30 18:58:53
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: Some notes toward a fully distributed, serverless 
More notes.  I do my best thinking when I'm stuck in traffic, it seems.
Again, this will need discussion, and at this point with people who've
built CouchApps and can actually speak to how they do or do not work, and
under what circumstances.  I'm also probably missing some important stuff.
problem: addressing
practically everybody is behind at least one NATting firewall these days
IP addresses are dynamic, so you can't count on a buddy being reachable at
the same IP for very long
having the Network25 app post its current IP address somewhere (a field on
a blog, to a mailing list, Tweet) or get a dynamic DNS hostname every time
isn't really workable.  in fact, it outs the user in obvious ways, and not
everyone is okay with that
another problem: Port forwarding.  there are some solutions to this, but
not all of them work well, work at all, or are suitable.  multiple layers
of NAT make this solution suck.
solution used by TorChat, which would probably work for us: Tor hidden
service addresses
TorChat creates a unique hidden service address for you when you set it
up.  when you add people to your buddy list, it stores .onion
in the list, and it's up to you to set an alias ("qwertyuiopasdfgh.onion"
== "Bryce A. Lynch") on it
Network25 should be able to do the same thing
the Zero State is talking about using Tor for general communications in the
future, anyway, this would be a perfect time to start
When the Network25 socnet software starts up, it looks to see if Tor is
running, if it has any hidden services configured, and if any of those
services correspond to a unique port that Network25 uses
shell/batch scripts FTW
if not found, it tells the Tor daemon to create a hidden service
descriptor, copies the public key/.onion hostname into the user's Network25
profile, and announces it to that person's friends so they know where to
find zir and can start synching databases
the name of the hidden service is then added to a field in your profile
document, so when people friend you on the network they know how to reach
public profile document (gets replicated)
_id: "Bryce A. Lynch",
_interests: ["long walks on the beach", "moonlit nights", "massively
distributed systems", "tor", "writing stuff about CouchApps in Tomboy"],
_friends: ["friend", "friend", ...],
_publickey: "",
_toraddress: "qwertyuiopasdfgh.onion",
this means that CouchDB (configured to use Tor rather than IP address/ports
combos) knows how to reach your copy of the socnet software and sync its
copies of users' databases (profile, timeline, forums/communities/mailing
lists/distribution lists/news feeds)
this also helps authenticate users, in the same way that hidden services
are authenticated (there is a corresponding private key which is never
shared by Tor).  if the public key (.onion) and private key (on your box)
don't match, then the service isn't trusted
because database creation in CouchDB is cheap, there is no reason why there
can't be multiple databases in every user's profile
b" user profile
b" shared public forum (anologous to the Doctrine Zero mailing list)
b" specific forums (public or not) (anologous to zs-p2p, zs-arg mailing
b" personal blog
b" blogs specific to the projects the user is working on (which themselves
can have multiple people posting to them, because they're distributed)
b" private blogs/chat forums for specific people
b" blog/news feed/private messages from everyone the user has friended in
b database: amon_zero_public_feed
b database: amon_zero_private_messages
b database: amon_zero_philosophical_pontification
b database: bryce_a_lynch_public_feed
b database: bryce_a_lynch_project_byzantium
b database: bryce_a_lynch_3d_printing
b database: bryce_a_lynch_private_messages
b database: zs_med_discussion
b database: zs_arg_plot
restricted databases are only replicated by members that are part of that
project or group
a list of authorized users and their corresponding public keys are part of
the database for every forum
a majority of people in a private forum have to vote to include that person?
all messages are encrypted to the public keys of everyone authorized to
participate in that form/replicate that database
private databases are only replicated by people they're shared with, i.e.,
a personal chat feed for one other person is only in two places in the
Network25 socnet, your machine and theirs
consider making private databases purgeable, i.e., either or both people
can have their copy of the socnet software dump the database so that there
is no record of the discussion on either side
this is where PKE or OTR would come into play - even if the database were
recovered somehow, it should be difficult for the attacker to figure out
what the cyphertext is
I don't know how easy, or how safe implementing crypto at the level of a
CouchApp is.
all of us are going to have running copies of the Tor Browser Bundle, and
all of us are going to have copies of the CouchDB stack and Network25 app,
so it would be possible to use a crypto.cat-like plugin for the TBB which
implements the encryption/decryption/acquisition of a buddy's public
key/addition of key to the user's profile database
how much disk space will this take up?  I don't know yet.
will CouchDB contact other nodes over Tor?  I don't know yet.  have to test
it out.
encryption/decryption of data before it enters/leaves the CouchApp?  good
question.  I don't have enough experience yet with CouchApps to say, but
would love to talk to someone who does

@_date: 2012-10-11 10:27:05
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: looking into cjdns 
At OSI layers 3 and above, it is.  TCP/IP is TCP/IP.  At OSI layers 1
and 2, it uses the ad-hoc mode specified by the 802.11 spec rather
than infrastructure/managed mode (which is basically a lots of
clients/one access point star topology).
We're not sure how big it scales, to be honest.
We're not concerned about how the IP routing algorithm is going to
scale - those are well known and understood, and already scale to a
couple of hundred nodes if not more.
One of the biggest limitations of wi-fi in ad-hoc mode is range -
consumer wi-fi is good to a couple of hundred meters at best.  The
other is that there are vendors out there who are actively hostile to
ad-hoc mode - Google among them.  At the International Summit for
Community Wireless Networks in Barcelona, we wound up doing a
presentation on it and found out from a lot of other projects what a
serious problem it's been (search terms: "android bug 82").
Now, for what it's worth it doesn't actually take a lot of nodes to
cover a lot of space.  When we were field testing at CarolinaCon we
covered an entire parking lot with a single unmodified node.
That is correct, and that's pretty much what we expected.  That is why
our problem space involves emergency first response and infrastructure
failures.  We need to finish reworking things before we can start
planning Battlemesh DC to do a real field test.
The thing about cjdns is that it relies upon existing infrastructure,
which might be hostile.  For example, we know that Bluecoat
net.censorship equipment has been blocking the cjdns protocol since
April of 2011, and some very interesting intel came out of it.
Summarizing the presentation at HOPE 9 that a few of us from Telecomix
Bluecoat in California has a processor cluster that is dedicated to
analyzing samples of network traffic, generating rules to a) detect
and b) block new protocols, and pushes them to every Bluecoat device
on the planet after automated unit testing (this is one of the reasons
we knew they were lying when they said that they didn't know their
boxen were deployed in the Middle East, we watched them push updates
to the machines).  Total turnaround time from deployment of cjdns to
blocking of cjdns: About five minutes.  It's not usable from any of
the work sites I go to that use Bluecoat gear, either and hasn't been
since that time.
I have no idea if cjdns is blocked by any other censorship technologies.
So, cjdns is useful until the infrastructure decides to make it unusable.
cjdns isn't infrastructure - it's not a switch, a router, a network
card, or anything like that.  Let's get terminology settled.
Byzantium is designed to turn commodity computers into infrastructure;
IP routing is performed, packets are forwarded (the Linux kernel is
surprisingly good at that), and interfaces are used for the relay of
traffic.  I don't see why a cjdns net couldn't be bootstrapped on top
of a mesh running Byzantium, but I have some concerns about the two
routing protocols not being compatible with one another.
That's sort of what we have in mind. :)
Pretty much.  That's also one of the reasons we're building
application frameworks into Byzantium, so it's possible to run
arbitrary servers on top of Byzantium in addition to just pushing
packets around.
Don't worry about it.  It's not nearly as painful as this was:

@_date: 2012-09-20 11:40:15
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
We're creeping closer to it again, I'm afraid - anarchists are the new
reds, warrants are secret, and doors are being kicked in.
This is, incidentally, why I keep talking about running everything
over Tor and using distributed services.  If one instance of a service
has to disappear (say it gets /usr/bin/shred'd for security) other
instances on the network wll still exist and operate normally.

@_date: 2012-09-20 11:53:18
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
Why not publish the design pattern that the Zero State is using for
its superstructure?
hackerspaces.org has documented numerous design patterns that a small
group can choose from if they want to bootstrap a hackerspace.  All of
them are formal descriptions of how hackerspaces did it so new ones
don't have to reinvent the wheel:
Telecomix has not only documented the quasi-design pattern of their
collective but they've run workshops at conferences to teach other
people how to do it.  Alvin Toffler would be proud.  Note that I'm not
able to reach their wiki from work right now, others might be able to:
What I'm suggesting is that we take a page from the Hakatak Records
Manifesto.  Once we've got a good working structure and set of
resources, let's document them someplace and make sure that everyone
can access them.  All it would take is a single copy of the design
pattern document/software bundle to bootstrap another Zero State
(-like group) somewhere else.  If anything does happen, the bundle can
be leaked for others to download and make use of; or some of us could
use it to re-bootstrap.

@_date: 2012-09-20 11:54:32
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
The same accessibility problems exist for NameCoin as BitCoin:
NameCoins are destoyed as domains are (re-)registered, and CUDA and
FPGA mining will shortly make it next to impossible to register
quietly.  There are other technologies with a lower barrier to entry.

@_date: 2012-09-20 11:56:51
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
How about lots of them - one per member?  Barring the transition of an
x-risk into an x-occurrance, only one copy would have to survive.
There are distributed, federated wikis out there.  There are
federated, distributed chat systems out there.  There are distributed
file stores out there.  There are federated, distributed socnets out
there.  There is no reason that we can't go mycelial and automagically
distribute copies of every/thing/ every/where/.

@_date: 2012-09-20 12:49:35
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
I'll take a crack at it:
A lot of the Zero State notes and docs are online in Google Pages.
That's pretty much a wiki.  The usual wiki software (MediaWiki, Trac,
MoinMoin, et cetera) is nice, but not distributed.  One server, one
database, one wiki.  While it's possible to cluster the databases not
all software plays nicely that way, and in fact a lot of database
software we're likely to get hold of has serious hardcoded limitations
on the number of nodes (MySQL, I'm looking at you).  There are
alternative wiki implementations that do the same thing but make it
possible to share the whole shebang across arbitrary numbers of nodes,
potentially more one per member of the Zero State, potentially more
than one per member.
The first thing that comes to mind is Ward Cunningham's Smallest
Federated Wiki (
 It's a web application (Ruby/Sinatra/JavaScript) which runs on a
machine and is accessible through a web browser.  It's designed such
that multiple instances of the server can connect to one another over
a network and synch up, so it's really one wiki spread across lots of
machines at the same time.  Multiple people can browse the wiki,
create and edit pages.  I dont' see why we can't have instances
communicating over a darknet.
The one that I keep coming back to (and not just because I suck at
Ruby apps) is called Fossil
which is a distributed revision control system, bug/ticket tracker,
blog, and wiki.  It uses many of the same techniques as (and in fact
is compatible with) the revision control system Git
(  Again, it's accessed with a web browser,
everything is versioned, and multiple instances can synch up with one
another in a by-any-means-necessary approach.  Revision control is
good for more than just source code - a lot of us use it to help
manage our configuration files as well as things we write.  We can
check stuff we're working on into revision control if we wanted to.
We could definitely use the wiki and blog.  The ticket tracker could
be used to assign and keep track of tasks (ticket  Create
Friendly AGI) that we're working on.  Fossil can automatically synch
off of a single server, or instances can synch off of each other and
merge the data.  It's cross platform.  And, if something does happen,
all it takes is a single instance of Fossil to re-bootstrap because
every node has... well.. everything.
We could import everything important into one of these systems and
others could set up and synch their own copies of the whole Zero State
Chat isn't particularly difficult: While we could set up our own
servers we could also just as easily take advantage of any and all
XMPP services out there.  There are skillions of them, and most of
them can cross-chat between one another.  I do that a lot with friends
aorund the world: My jabber.ccc.de account can talk to the endno.de
folks, the Blackbird folks, and so on.  If we really wanted to we
could set up our own XMPP servers.  But there are other ways.
Lately I've been experimenting with Litter
( a distributed microblogging
system written in Python.  Unpack it, run it, and it does pretty much
what you'd expect of Twitter.. save that it automatically seeks out
and finds other instances of Litter on the network using IP
multicasting and exchanges messages with them.  It's pretty nifty and
very lightweight.  I haven't tested it with Tor or I2P yet, though.
Torchat ( is actually implemented
in a number of languages, but they all do pretty much the same thing:
If you're running Tor on your laptop or workstation it'll set up a
hidden service that is uniquely yours.  Other Torchat users can, if
they know the address, add you as a friend and you can IM over the Tor
network.  It's a pretty nice IM client.
Tahoe-LAFS ( is a massively
distributed file storage and sharing grid.  The idea is that you
install it and join a grid, and you donate a portion of your disk
space to the grid that people can use to share and back up files.  If
some number of members built a grid we could put Zero State related
materials into it for us to access - Fossil trees, documents, videos,
audio recordings, whatever we needed to replicate and make available,
we could.
The next question is how to network all this stuff together. Tor
( is the first thing that comes to mind
because it's the most popoular and heavily worked on right now.  There
isn't a whole lot that we couldn't set up so that it's available only
to Zero State members through the Tor network who know the .onion
If we wanted to go about it another way, we could use something like
SocialVPN (  It's written in C# but
designed to be Mono-compatible, and it's a peer to peer VPN that
connects users over... XMPP.  Rather than hunting for IP addresses of
other nodes to connect to, the addresses are usernames of some people
you probably already have in your IM friends list.  As I recall, their
primary test transport for this project is GChat.  However, my concern
is that it implicitly exposes your socnet because the usernames and
addresses of your IM friends/VPN nodes might be in the clear.  I'm not
sure yet, I haven't looked into it.  It also hasn't shown a lot of
development in the past year.
For whatever software development we do in the long run, we'll need
someplace to put it all.  If we go with Fossil we'll have a very
useful hosting environment already.  However, there are some
alternatives which should be explored (though they're not as
distributed-friendly as Fossil).  Gitlab ( does
pretty much what Github ( is, though it's F/OSS,
meaning we can set up as many instances of it as we like, anywhere we
like.  It does project management, Git repository hosting and
management, bug tracking, fork and merge management, it has a wiki...
It's written with Ruby On Rails.  We can also clone Github with
Redmine (
I have personal reservations about Redmine (because I suck at Ruby and
have been fighting with it at work for most of a year now) but if
someone here is good with it, feel free to consider it as an option.
So, how do we search all this stuff?  I've been running a YaCy
( node for over a year as part of their grid and I'm
quite pleased with how well it works as a search engine.  It's
basically a distributed search engine that you can either proxy your
traffic through (and it'll index everything you browse through it -
it's privacy aware, too), or it can be fed links that it'll index,
follow, index, follow...  It can be run as part of a private search
grid (Crusoe Mode), so we could set up a private YaCy network (and run
the traffic over Tor) to index all of our resources.  It's written in
Java but installs pretty easily, though the indices are pretty big so
disk space will be necessary.  I'm long overdue to add a couple of
terabytes to my YaCy box.

@_date: 2012-09-22 16:28:32
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [Freedombox-discuss] [ZS] ZS reboot seed 
So, now the question is, what do we do?  The logical answer would be
to start testing them.
Whomever is good with web apps written in Ruby could set up an
instance or two of the Smallest Federated Wiki for us to test.
Porting some of the stuff from the Google Pages over to it would be a
good way to put it through its paces.  Once they're up, getting them
working over Tor would be the next logical step.
I've got a copy of Fossil installed on Windbringer to play around
with.  Installing it is pretty straightforward.  The workflow is
different from Git, though, so it takes some getting used to.  I'm
working on a cribsheet of how to do practical stuff with it
immediately (along the lines of the Git In 20 Commands page that the
Linux kernel team used to have), which I'll post to this list.  I'll
put together a Fossil repository of stuff for us to mess around with -
probably some of the ZS Google Pages.  When a few folks are working on
it, I'll throw a server on a Tor node and we can practice synching our
respective copies that way.
Litter's been fun to play with, and I'd suggest that others do as
well.  You need Python 2 installed on your machine, but that's it,
it's based entirely on the libraries that come with Python by default.
 I've forked the project on Github because I plan on doing some work
on it - it's got potential for use in Byzantium.  I still haven't
tried it over Tor; because it uses IP multicasting it might not work.
None of the research I've done shows that IP multicasting over Tor
Torchat is pretty nifty.  I've used the python version a bit and it
seems pretty stable.  I don't know why the primary maintainer is
rewriting it in Pascal but there should be binary-only downloads
available when it's ready.  That's my primary concern, that it's
written in an odd language, but that's probably my language prejudices
talking.  As the name suggests, it's married to Tor because it uses
the hidden service naming scheme to find people on the buddy list (but
they can be aliased to more understandable names).  No group chat that
I know of.
I haven't had time to mess with Tahoe-LAFS since the last Byzantium
dev sprint, so I can't really speak to it.  I had problems with it but
Haxwithaxe and Sitwon didn't.  So, that's on my hit list of things to
do in the near future.  More to come.
SocialVPN hasn't been touched since 2011, and besides that there is a
chance that XMPP server operators would start finding ways of blocking
it because it basically means that you'd be running all of your
network traffic through their server.  That's a serious bandwidth
sink, and it's not well understood how many people (or how much
traffic) would bring a server to its knees.  All things considered,
wrecking someone's XMPP server by running a parasitic VPN over it is
against a couple of the Principles, so it's out.
I haven't done anything with any of the Github-like software mentioned
earlier, so I can't speak to it.  If anyone sets up an instance or
two, your opinions would be welcome.  Maybe we need them, maybe we
won't (i.e., Fossil or something else).
I still like YaCy, and still need more disk space for it.

@_date: 2013-02-09 21:54:43
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: AGI optimism. 
The thing about government agencies (US government agencies, in particular)
is that they are brutally pragmatic.
If they thought - really, really thought - that having a human-equivalent
AGI running in a data center would let them accomplish their goals, they'd
do it in a heartbeat.  There's no guarantee that it would actually happen,
because the government/contractors system is horribly inefficient, but an
attempt would be made.
It seems, by all accounts, that the NSA is more concerned with being able
to break crypto than they are having a human-equivalent intelligence.  From
what I've heard from more-or-less reliable sources, they need raw number
crunching power and disk space for huge rainbow tables to do what they need
to do and be able to show results.
If anything, I think the DoD would be more interested in having an AGI, but
they have more than enough trouble to deal with on the infosec side of the

@_date: 2013-02-09 22:24:29
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Money transfers, due process, and freedom 
Word has it that the Canadian government is trying to by reinventing it a)
in a centralized fashion so they can control it, and b) only for low value
transactions.  Whether or not it'll stand up to any real scrutiny remains
to be seen.

@_date: 2013-02-09 22:36:18
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Money transfers, due process, and freedom 
Smartphone users are already starting to buy into Square (
 because the startup cost is free (to get the reader
and app) and the transaction cost is, at this time, a flat 2.75%.
What does Bitcoin have?
easywallet.org, an online Bitcoin wallet which, by being bookmarkable,
means that it's usable a) on iProducts (Apple routinely hunts down and
kills any Bitcoin apps in the Appstore) and b) means that you don't have to
install anything if you don't want to:
Coinapult, which lets you send Bitcoins via text messages:
blockchain.info, which not only has an excellent Android app but also has
what seem to be fairly easy to use web-based APIs for transactions:
There are very easy to use apps out there.  Not many people seem to have
any interest in using Bitcoins.  Yet.

@_date: 2013-02-15 13:38:17
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Byzantium cell-phone service 
OpenBTS has been in use and under heavy development for a couple of years.
It was deployed at Occupy Wall Street by Isaac Wilder of the Free Network
Foundation (he's a good guy, we geeked out at ContactCon), it's seen a lot
of use at the past few DefCons, and we had cellular at HOPE 2012 with such
a setup.  There was also cell service at ToorCamp last summer with OpenBTS,
too.  I think 2013 will be the second or third year that Burning Man will
have GSM cell service.
It has been used to set up a P2P cellular network, but to be usable the
network in question would either have to have FCC permission, fly
sufficiently below the radar that the cell companies didn't sic the FCC on
them, operate at a low PEP, or be re-tuned to use frequencies that aren't
otherwise controlled (but then the problem becomes hacking GSM cellphones
to use those new freqs).  Modulo DefCon hijinks (subtype, wacky) they've
all had permission or low PEP to operate for extended periods, so it's as
practical as things get.

@_date: 2013-02-27 12:39:43
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: saving files to blockchain 
The Namecoin codebase hasn't been touched for over a year.  It's dead as
the proverbial doornail.
These are worth investigating, however:

@_date: 2013-01-05 11:23:34
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [ZS] Re: Quantified Prestige (was Two Criticisms) 
A little searching of my mail queue didn't show that this link was posted
recently.  There was a TED talk on reputation economics that might be of
interest to a few people in this thread:
Also, openhatch.org and coderwall.com.

@_date: 2013-07-23 13:41:35
@_author: Bryce Lynch 
@_subject: [serval-project-dev] mesh networking patent application - prior art request 
Mesh networking is too potentially dangerous to go unrestricted.
That said, I just posted a bunch of stuff to that thread with as many links
to verifiable code commits in public repos as I could.  Anybody so inclined
to check my work, please do, and some up-votes would be nice if they don't
suck too badly.
