
@_date: 2001-06-07 12:07:37
@_author: V.Z. Nuri 
@_subject: hi/fresh NSA+echelon rant 
another hi to old cohorts.
can echelon be exposed? can it be trounced?
I'm looking for any old article by someone who
lambastes the idea of a global data collection
system as impossible, infeasible, etc.  the more
credible the author/outlet, the better. ideally
a smug op-ed piece in some uptight mainstream newspaper etcetera.
the idea is to get the most closeminded denunciation
of the idea possible to show it in contrast with
new information about echelon/carnivore/CIA
datamining capabilities. useful propaganda.
for your amusement.
a fresh rant on the NSA, their role in blocking
the RSA patent, and echelon.. and the idea
of CIA/carnivore press info as diversionary
stop by theory-edge if you want to talk about
hard-core algorithms or mathematics. its
a pretty civil environment.
also.. you guys were all scratching your heads
at the meeting when I brought up this subject many
years ago..(haha yeah a little "spoofing")
a little more on that..
"silent weapons for quiet wars".. what is
the cypherpunk opinion on this one? would
really like to get more supporting material
on this.
I am not on the list but will reply to emails.
oh yeah, you guys may be vaguely curious as to
what Ive been up to. here's a new htmlized group
faq for theory-edge.. I suppose you can see why we may
have had a few disagreements over philosophy..
also what I'm aiming for.. hope to add much more,
barely just the beginning
* * *
I noticed the cpunk archives go all the way
back to 93 and further after an old post
turned up in my google search. haha how
hey TCM, old pal, you are still around here
right? how about you join the cyberspace age..
just a little? how about a home page? and hey,
you could start your own yahoo group too,
really, I wish you would do it. I'd probably
watch it. consider the
easy capability of throwing out anyone you think
is a useless specimen. yahoo groups have a built
in blocking mechanism. I've used it on two
occasions already.
the spam problem seems to be almost totally solved by
just preventing nonsubscribers from posting.
cyberspace has evolved a bit.. as you once said
"let a thousand flowers bloom".. well they have =)
hey, I've also noticed something else re: tragedy
of the commons problem. you can civilize people
with the leverage of leading a mailing list
and the blocking feature.
the founder picks the atmosphere. if he's into
stuff like "integrity" that others feel is
impossible to impose, he can give it a shot
in cultivating it...
you can all decide to what degree Ive succeeded
and whether the goals are worthwhile.
Do You Yahoo!?
Get personalized email addresses from Yahoo! Mail - only $35 a year!
