
@_date: 2000-10-27 23:34:16
@_author: Alin Werner 
@_subject: No subject 
Dear Sir,
     For the begineing please allow me to introduce myself. My name is Werner Alin. I am a graduate student who has started a small company along with four others.We are only four but with a very good organization we can keep a high standard. It all started with a simple observation: most of the computer system produceing companies didn't made personalised computers. They only sell already made systems. So we found out that a segment of the computer system market is almost uncovered. As you might know all the Romanian market is still under developement.
    Despite the fact that we have found a big buisness oportunity we have encontered a problem. Since almost all the resellers here produce computer systems the prices for computer hardware are very high. Our only solution is to look for resellers ousite Romania. We have established only a few contacts but with encoureging results. As you might know, in the past there have been some companies in Romania who had took advantage of the helping hand that foreign companies gave them, but I can asure you that all has ended in the past. A hard legislation and the strong hand of the authorties ended the fraud in the computer industry. The fact that we represent the new generation differentiates us from thouse companies. As I said earlier we have established a few contacts outside Romania but we think that there is room for better.
    Due to the fact we do not pay taxes for computer hardware imports all that interests us is the price of the components and the cost of shipping. We usualy chouse for shipping fast couriers like UPS, DHL, FedEx.
    The most used payment methos are wire transfer but we can use as a fast payment methoh credit cards.
     If you think that we can aquire from you computer hardware components please send us a catalog or a price list. We will compare your prices with the prices of our other distributioners and if your price is better we will choose to buy from you the computer hardware that we need for our systems.
     In our quest for best prices we are now looking on the internet. We haven't yet bought a domain becaouse we still are evaluating the opportunities that the internet gives us, but you can find a site about us, still under developent, at : romcomp.angelfire.com. If you have any sugestions, advises about our site or about haw to establishe conections with foreign trades please contact me.
     I hope my e-mail didn't bored you and I expect ypur answer.
            Werner  Anlin
     Director Manager of RomComp
P.S. Please forgive any spelling errors
Get Your Private, Free E-mail from MSN Hotmail at Share information about yourself, create your own public profile at
