
@_date: 1993-04-04 00:52:45
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: MEET: Boston area Cypherpunks Meeting 
The FIRST Boston-area cypherpunks meeting:
Time: 12 noon - ~5 pm
Where: MIT Room 1-115
If you need better directions, please feel free to send me e-mail,
or you can call me at 617 868-4469.
Hope to see people there!
- -derek
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:

@_date: 1993-04-07 14:51:30
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Real-time BBS Encryption?? 
I'm doing something like this for my Thesis (i.e., wait a couple of
weeks.. ;-) It's based upon Kerberos, but it will securely get you a
TGT on a server machine that is on the Internet from a client terminal
that is dialled up to it...
Moreover, you can extract the session key from the protocol, which
would allow for DES encryption of the session.  While I haven't yet
implemented the encryption of the session, I have been able to obtain
kerberos tickets securely....
More info on request, or you can wait to read my thesis when it's
- -derek
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:

@_date: 1993-04-12 19:36:55
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: how secure is secring.pgp? 
The secret key on the secring.pgp is IDEA-encrypted... So, it is only
as strong as IDEA, and your passphrase.
To break the security, someone needs to be able to:
go over the net, reading the file system, borrowing your floppy, or
whatever, and
Only when both are accomplished can they get to your secret key,
although once they have accomplished  they can try to break the
IDEA algorithm...
- -derek
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:

@_date: 1993-04-13 02:46:14
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Modem encryption proposal 
Phil, there is more to this than meets the eye.  What happens if I, as
an attacker, start feeding extra characters onto the modem line?
Granted, I wont know what you are saying, since the link is encrypted,
but if I can get an extra character on there, then the decryption will
lose sync, and wont return the proper value...
For example...
Now what?  The sender and receiver are out of sync....  I believe this
was what Nickey was talking about..  I was discussing this problem
with a few people and haven't come up with a good, viable solution...
Uhh, there is a kstream package somewhere (or am I thinking of
vapor-ware, it's late and I'm tried).  This wouldn't be very hard to
create.  In fact, I was hoping to do something like this with my
Thesis...  Although it might get left for "future work".  This depends
upon having a clearly denoted stream, which neither telnet nor kermit
provide a good interface.  (Trust me on this -- it took me a while to
try to create one for the little I've hacked them for my Thesis).
- -derek
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:

@_date: 1993-04-23 03:39:31
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: encrypted telnet 
Bill..  There are a couple of problems with your scheme.
1) You have to have this daemon already running on host B.  I.e., you
still need to have had (at one time) access to run this daemon.
Basically, this means that you (or someone) has to have had root
access to BOTH hosts A and B to set this up.  Unless this becomes
supported software, you can't guarantee that....
2) How do you do key distribution?  If you use Kerberos, then you need
to have root access on host B.  Otherwise, you need some way to
securely get the encryption key from A to B....
3) How do you deal with multiple encryptions?  If you have more than
one client who wants to use this program, you have to trust a single
process (unless you run out of inetd, which requires  with all the
different keys for all the different users!
Basically, you're better off using ktelnet/ktelnetd to do this.  In
either case you have the same problem with modifying the workstation.
Please, don't let this discourage you, but I think you might want to
think this through a little more before you jump the gun!
Have a Nice Day!!! :-)
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:
  Derek Atkins, MIT '93, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
     Secretary, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
           MIT Media Laboratory, Speech Research Group
           warlord at MIT.EDU       PP-ASEL        N1NWH

@_date: 1993-04-25 09:33:02
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: WIRED 
I believe the number is +1 800 GO WIRED, but I'm not 100%
  Derek Atkins, MIT '93, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
     Secretary, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
           MIT Media Laboratory, Speech Research Group
           warlord at MIT.EDU       PP-ASEL        N1NWH

@_date: 1993-04-25 20:26:30
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: By popular request: A non-techy Clipper blurb 
It's even worse than this.  It's giving the government a sealed copy
of all your *PAST*, present, and future phone conversations and
messages...  They can always record everything, and then use your key
at some later date to recover the messages...
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:
  Derek Atkins, MIT '93, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
     Secretary, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
           MIT Media Laboratory, Speech Research Group
           warlord at MIT.EDU       PP-ASEL        N1NWH

@_date: 1993-04-28 14:46:47
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP: pgp -ke 
A signature on a key is a cryptographic signature of the key and
userid.  Therefore, you cannot remove your userid from the key and
hope to keep the signatures valid.
The other problem is that once other people have your userid on your
key, which is neccessary for them to sign it, then you need to have
them remove it, too, etc.
Basically, signatures and userids currently act like viruses...  Once
they escape, its nearly impossible to contain them again....
  Derek Atkins, MIT '93, Electrical Engineering and Computer Science
     Secretary, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
           MIT Media Laboratory, Speech Research Group
           warlord at MIT.EDU       PP-ASEL        N1NWH

@_date: 1993-08-06 20:45:22
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Skipjack proposed Thursday? 
Skipjack is a secret-key encryption algorithm designed by the NSA (and
NIST, supposedly) that is part of the Clipper/Capstone menagere.  It
is a classified algorithm, but it isof the same class of algorithms as
DES (namely a multi-round permutation/bit-swap algorithm).
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1993-08-26 20:32:38
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Source Code NOT available for ViaCrypt PGP 
You realize that this is not ViaCrypt taking PGP and making it into a
product, but an agreement between Phil Z. and ViaCrypt to turn the
Public version into a legal-for-commercial-use product???  First and
foremost, the public, shareware (freeware?  I forget what the status
is) version of PGP will always remain ahead of the commercial version,
but the commercial version will use the code from the free version.
Secondly, regarding "whom do you trust": Do you trust Phil Z?  As far
as I know (and granted, its not much, yet), Phil Z is going to oversee
the commercial product, to make sure that nothing is put into it.
Granted, he probably wont get to see the RSA sources, but there are
sources of those (pun intended).
Listen, this is a Good Thing (TM).  It means that there will be a
version of PGP, for a nominal fee, that is legal for commercial use in
the US.  When the free(share)ware version of PGP also becomes legal,
then there won't be any problems with RSA/PKP!!!  This is a step in
the right direction.  Let's calm down some and see where it goes!

@_date: 1993-08-28 20:23:18
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP-MIME 
No, this is WRONG.  Take a look at the PEM-MIME Internet Draft.  You
*do not* want to separate the signature from the body of text being
signed, since then you lose the delimiters of the signed message, and
MIME can do anything with the data (like transfer tabs to spaces,
etc.)  This is BAD.
If you keep the message and signature together, it will work better.
MIME still does funky things, however, some times.
Currently, you can easily use MIME as a transport mechanism for PGP
messages.  However currently there is no way to use PGP security for a
MIME message.  Hopefully we can take what the PEM-MIME effort has
learned and apply that to PGP..

@_date: 1993-08-28 20:36:10
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Total RSA in PGP 
This was discussed about a year ago!  It is a bad idea to do this for
a couple reasons.  First of all, RSA can only encrypt a block of data
the same size as the key.  So, for example, if you encrypt a message
to me using my key, it RSA-encrypts in blocks of 709 bits!  Second,
there is no cypher-chaining, so the encryption from one block doesn't
affect the encryption of the next.  It is possible to do something
like this, but I sure wouldn't want to do it.
As for the time, lets say you have a 10K message (not unreasonable,
although thats a fairly long email message ;-), and you are encrypting
it in a 512-bit key.  Well, 512 bits is 64 bytes, so you are
encrypting 10K bytes 64 bytes at a time (or 160 blocks).  Each 64-byte
block takes a few seconds, lets just say one second (its a little
faster on some system, and a lot slower on others!)  This means you
are spending 160 seconds, or almost THREE MINUTES, to encrypt this 10K
Personally, I don't think that the extra security that you may (or may
not: you now have a massive plain-text attack, although I don't know
how you can really use it) get is worth the 2 extra orders of
magnitude of time it takes to encrypt the data!
As for adding this as a feature to PGP.  It's *not* going to happen.

@_date: 1993-08-29 06:03:26
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Examination of ViaCrypt's PGP by members of this group 
I can almost guarantee that you will not get to see the RSA sources.
And I can almost guarantee that the REST of the code for the product
will be straight PGP, similar to the freeware...  I can't guarantee
that ViaCrypt won't decide to do something stupid.

@_date: 1993-03-09 14:54:07
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Questions about PGP 2.2 compilation messages 
I looked at the lines where those errors were:  It appears to be
a  for SKIP_RETURN.  I'm not sure what its about, but I
would suggest doing one of two things:
        1) Test the heck out of your binary.  Make sure it works for all
cases that you find important.  In particular, see where those particular
places in the code are, and see if it is doing the right thing, or
        2) Get gcc 2.3.2 (or greater) and compile with that... I use that,
and I don't get the errors..
Its possible that unproto is doing something funky, or perhaps its something
the compiler is doing with code that says:
        do {
                [do somethine here
        } while(0);
I'm not sure, exactly.  Sun compiler bugs are not unheard of.  ;-)
- -derek
PGP 2 key available upon request on the key-server:
        pgp-public-keys at toxicwaste.mit.edu

@_date: 1993-05-01 14:23:48
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: A legal way to use RSA! 
Uhh, I hate to inform you, but this was discussed back in the Congress
in the 1960's.  It was decided, then, that patents COULD be obtained
fromm research done using gov't funding.  Therefore, this is nothing
new.  In fact, I doubt a paper would even touch this "scoop"...
As to whether or no I agree with this, well, thats a different topic.
(I happen to believe that patents on algorithms are stupid, but that's
besides the point).  In other words, there was nothing illegal in the
RSA patent, even if there was gov't funding....

@_date: 1994-04-06 23:19:20
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Where is Magic Money???? 
Try ftp://csn.org/pub/mpj/crypto_XXXXXX (or something like that)
         Derek Atkins, SB '93 MIT EE, G MIT Media Laboratory
       Member, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
    Home page:        warlord at MIT.EDU    PP-ASEL     N1NWH    PGP key available

@_date: 1994-04-16 23:28:23
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Clipper Comparisons for non-geeks 
Well, one way I've described the clipper to a non-computer literate
person is to have them imagine a situation where the government
required that you gave them a copy of your housekey, and, if you
decided to get a safe-deposit-box, they would get a copy of that, too.
Basically, whatever you consider private or secure, in a physical
sense, would still be wide open to the government, no matter how much
you wanted to keep it private or secret.
Granted, this isn't a direct analogy, but it's close enough to try to
get someone to understand the implications of the Clipper chip.
         Derek Atkins, SB '93 MIT EE, G MIT Media Laboratory
       Member, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
    Home page:        warlord at MIT.EDU    PP-ASEL     N1NWH    PGP key available

@_date: 1994-04-23 12:10:24
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: How to explain... 
The difficulty really is not reversing the mathematics, thats easy
(and, in fact, it is already done for you in part of the algorithm).
What makes it hard to reverse is the fact that these algorithms are
actually sets of algorithms, and it is the key which sets the actualy
unique algorithm that is being used, and since the key is secret, you
need to find a weekness in the set of algorithms as a whole, or
brute-force search all the keys to find the exact algorithm being
used.  So, to follow your friends example, if you have X to go from
plain->crypt, then you can reverse it, but part of 'X' is the key, and
if you have the key, you can already decrypt it!
As for RSA (or other such algorithms), it is not poroven, but it is
believed that braking the system (for a single key) is as hard as
factoring that key's modulus.  But factoring is a known-to-be-hard
problem (It is an NP problem, I don't believe it is NP-Complete, but
please someone correct me if I am wrong).  Again, it is a known
algorithm to take the crypted message and decrypting it.  The problem
is that, again, it is a specific algorithm in a set of algorithms, and
you have to find the specific key that is being used (actually, in the
case of RSA, there are at least two keys that you can use, but when
you are talking about 512-bit keys, this means that there are 2 in
10^130 keys to try to guess.
Again, it is the case that there are a set of formula, but truely
reversing it requires knowledge of the key, which you do not have, and
if you had said knowledge, you wouldn't NEED to reverse the formula,
since the forumal reverses itself for you with the proper key.
I hope this explains it some.  If you have more questions, or someone
else feels like clarifying, please go ahead.

@_date: 1994-04-26 21:05:59
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: RSA-129 
We are happy to announce that
RSA-129 = 1143816257578888676692357799761466120102182967212423625625618429\
          35706935245733897830597123563958705058989075147599290026879543541
        = 3490529510847650949147849619903898133417764638493387843990820577 *
          32769132993266709549961988190834461413177642967992942539798288533
The encoded message published was
This number came from an RSA encryption of the `secret' message using the
public exponent 9007. When decrypted with he `secret' exponent
this becomes
Using the decoding scheme 01=A, 02=B, ..., 26=Z, and 00 a space between
words, the decoded message reads
THE MAGIC WORDS ARE SQUEAMISH OSSIFRAGE
To find the factorization of RSA-129, we used the double large prime
variation of the multiple polynomial quadratic sieve factoring method.
The sieving step took approximately 5000 mips years, and was carried
out in 8 months by about 600 volunteers from more than 20 countries,
on all continents except Antarctica. Combining the partial relations
produced a sparse matrix of 569466 rows and 524338 columns. This matrix
was reduced to a dense matrix of 188614 rows and 188160 columns using
structured Gaussian elimination. Ordinary Gaussian elimination on this
matrix, consisting of 35489610240 bits (4.13 gigabyte), took 45 hours
on a 16K MasPar MP-1 massively parallel computer. The first three
dependencies all turned out to be `unlucky' and produced the trivial
factor RSA-129. The fourth dependency produced the above factorization.
We would like to thank everyone who contributed their time and effort
to this project. Without your help this would not have been possible.
Derek Atkins
Michael Graff
Arjen Lenstra
Paul Leyland

@_date: 1994-04-26 22:34:22
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: RSA-129...what's the big deal? 
[stuff deleted]
[more stuff deleted]
Cute, Tim!  (Uhh, you're about 3 weeks too late for this ;-)
Actually, the *first* thing I did when I received these factors was
fire up a trusty mathematics package and verify the product: bc. :-)
Although I admit that RSA-129 dprobably does not have any cosmic
significance with regards to protecting any vital data, it is a data
point: it is the largest number of its type to ever have been
factored.  As a result, it tells us that 425-bit keys are not secure,
and keys not much bigger are not secure, either, today!
But you are right, we are learning alot about factoring and
distributed problems as a result of this exercise (at least I feel
that I have learned alot).
         Derek Atkins, SB '93 MIT EE, G MIT Media Laboratory
       Member, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
    Home page:        warlord at MIT.EDU    PP-ASEL     N1NWH    PGP key available

@_date: 1994-03-08 22:19:50
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: Boston Area Cypherpunks Meeting 
There will be a meeting of the Boston Area Cypherpunks on Saturday,
March 12, 1994 in MIT Room 1-115 starting at 3pm EST.  The plan is
to have an audio link to the other cypherpunks meetings around the
country and around the world.
The title for this meeting is: Politics, Strategies, and Action
All further announcements about the Boston Area meeting will be made
on the mailing list "cypherpunks-east at MIT.EDU".  (Send sub/unsub
requests to cypherpunks-east-request)
Directions to MIT 1-115:
Via T: Get off at Kendall, on the Red Line.  Walk away from the
marriott hotel, and walk until the street dead ends at Amhust.  Take a
right, and then keep walking.  Follow the path across Ames street, and
keep walking past the Great Sail, and when the path splits, take the
45-degree right path.  Keep walking until you reach the steps into the
building, and go in.  Walk to the other end of the corridor.  You will
be in a large cathedral-like lobby (lobby 7) in front of 77 Mass Ave.
Follow the signs for 1-115 from here.
Via Bus: Take route 1 to 77 Mass ave and follow the signs Via Car: Drive to Cambridge.  MIT building 1 is on the corner of Mass
Ave. and Mem Drive, slightly south of 77 Mass Ave.  Find a place to
park, and enter the building from Mass Ave.  Follow the signs to room

@_date: 1994-03-20 11:18:58
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: VIACRYPT/PGP Listservers 
Try the alt.security.pgp newsgroup.  It is probably the best place to
ask questions about PGP.  Also, you should probably get the FAQ from
alt.security.pgp as well.

@_date: 1994-03-22 15:25:56
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Stay focused on the big picture 
This letter was written by rbork at frb.gov, someone at the Federal
Reserve Board, who is not the Judge Bork you might think.  This was an
example used on pem-dev for why Distringuished Names would be a good
thing.  Personally, I think it doesn't make a difference.  John Smith
is John Smith, and just because you know that this John Smith works at
Foosite International and that one works at Barsite, Inc., doesn't
mean you necessarily know who they are, although it does help you
differentiate them.  (Then again, jsmith at foosite.org and
jsmith at barsite.com differentiate them as well).

@_date: 1994-03-22 16:18:51
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Breaking RSA 
As one of the people quoted in the article.....
You read it wrong.  Go read the article again.  "RSA129" is close to
being broken.  This is only a *SINGLE* RSA modulus.  There are an
infinite number of them.  We are about to crack only one.  It's taken
us 8 months of work, so far, and this is only about 420 bits.
Factoring is an exponential problem, so adding a small number of bits
will greatly increase the amount of time needed to factor it.
So, to answer your questions:
a) It will prove that the 384-bit (causal-grade) PGP key is not safe,
and that a 512-bit key is still somewhat safe, and that a 1024-bit key
is still very safe!
b) Yes, there are some govermental agencies helping with the
factoring.  For example, I've seen mail come in from lbl.gov, and a
bunch of nasa sites, and probably a number of others.  But they are
only helping factor *THIS ONE NUMBER*.  Data for this can only be used
to help factor multiples of RSA129, but it will not help factor any
other RSA modulus.
I hope this answers your questions, and hopefully clears up a lot of
misconceptions you clearly had when asking your questions.  (I hope
that many others didn't come to the same conclusions when reading that
article -- I know that I didn't, but then again, I know whats going on
         Derek Atkins, SB '93 MIT EE, G MIT Media Laboratory
       Member, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
         PGP key available from pgp-public-keys at pgp.mit.edu
            warlord at MIT.EDU       PP-ASEL        N1NWH

@_date: 1994-05-04 23:51:37
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Keyserver service outRAGE??? 
Sigh... You know, when things are on a delicate balance, a single
message sent too soon can really screw things up.
I can tell you for certain that your questions *will* be answered in
due time, please wait for the final arrangements to be made.  No, PGP
2.5 is *NOT* available (this second).  Yes, there is one in the works,
and I expect it Real Soon Now.
Also, please do not condemn Bal or his keyserver for not accepting
keys from versions of PGP before 2.4 -- as I understand it, that was
part of the agreement in order to make 2.5 happen, but I really don't
know all the details.  In the immortal words of a famous vulcan, the needs of the many
outweigh the wants of the few.  in other words, this is for a greater
good that this has been done.  You may not like it right now, but you
can feel free to use any keyserver you want.  However in the long run,
this will greatly increase the usage of PGP.  Just imaging, a freeware
version of PGP that is *LEGAL* in the United States!!!  Just think of
all the people who have said that they refuse to use it because of the
patent question; when that question is resolved, when 2.5 is released,
all these people will start using PGP freely and openly and greatly
increase the population of PGP users!
As for the security of PGP 2.5, well, I haven't seen the code
personally, so I cannot comment.
FYI: Phil was in the US last weekend, and unless he has left the
country within the last 5 days, he is still here.
please await more information as it get released......
         Derek Atkins, SB '93 MIT EE, G MIT Media Laboratory
       Member, MIT Student Information Processing Board (SIPB)
    Home page:        warlord at MIT.EDU    PP-ASEL     N1NWH    PGP key available

@_date: 1994-05-05 00:23:12
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Server clusterfuck 
My point is that this was not an official "press release", and IMHO
the message should *NOT* have been sent untl an official PGP 2.5 press
release is made.  At this point in time, it is still unclear when PGP
2.5 is going to be released (although I suspect that it will be
released RSN).
As I said, I do know that the limitation son the keyserver were part
of the bargain to get a legal non-infringing freeware version of
PGP...  Take that any way you want.  Onoce I see the code and can
peruse it, I will probably trust 2.5 as much as I have trusted other
versions of the code.
Trust me, it will be!

@_date: 1995-08-10 11:45:51
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP Tools on Linux 
Yea, I did a long time ago.  There was a bug in the code that caused
destroying fifos to do this -- it would free the fifo and then try to
set it, or something like that.  You have to reorder a few commands to
fix the problem.
I've not looked at PGPTools in a long time, so I can't give you any
more detailed information.

@_date: 1995-08-21 14:26:21
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Newton 2 
The problem is that PGP needs to be compiled from its C sources into a
binary.  The problem is not RSA not licensing; the problem is that PGP
(and all the support routines, including RSA) is implemented in C.
Therefore, if you do not have a C compiler, you cannot turn the
sources into a binary.
If you don't have a c compiler, you could re-implement PGP, but it
would be a lot of work, and you would still have the RSA patent
issues.  Also, it is against the RSAREF license to convert RSAREF into
another language, so you can't take that route, either.
The easiest way to port PGP to a new platform is to get a C compiler
for that platform.

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:42:08
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP 
The PGP sources build on most UNIX platforms.  Have you read the
setup.doc?  Have you followed the instructions?  What Unix platform
are you using?  In general, all you need to do is:
Modulo a few quirks, that should be all.  Look at the PGP FAQ,
Buglist, Fixes, and Improvements Page for a list of known bugs+fixes
in PGP 2.6.2:
If you need more help, email me offline (i.e., do not cc: cypherpunks)

@_date: 1995-12-14 06:22:46
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: IDEA encryption 
Umm, I think you are confused.  First, IDEA has a keysize of 16 bytes,
not 8.  Second, it cannot be easily changed.  Sure, your code probably
has a  for the keysize, but that is just to describe the magic
number, not to make it easy to change it. Increasing the keylength of
IDEA, without changing anything else, will probably _NOT_ make it more
Well, it depends on what you mean by "really really gone".  All RM
does is remove the link from the directory entry to the file inode on
disk.  If the inode refcount reahes zero, then the disk blocks are
marked as free.  However the data in those blocks remain on disk until
another file writes over them.
It is theoretically possible to write a program to "unrm" a file.

@_date: 1995-02-01 16:53:34
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP Question 
Uhh, this would sort of defeat the purpose of a detached signature; in
which case why not use the regular signature??  Alternatively, you
could use MIME multiparts to encode the binary file (in one part) and
the signature (in another part) in a single message.  Is this what
you want???

@_date: 1995-07-31 23:59:00
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: a hole in PGP?  NOT! 
This might seem a bit long, and I'd like to apologize to the real
cypherpunks for my ranting.
You have.  I doubt it was intentional, but you have, continually.
Here are some snipets of things you've said.  First, you say that it
is a rational concern since PGP was taken over by us:
Then you talk about the MIT version as if it were the original thing:
PGP 2.0 was released in September, 1992, from Europe, and many many
people have been examining it ever since.  I truly belive that there
are no backdoors.  Does that mean the program is completely bug-free?
Hardly.  Does it mean that some attack against PGP wont be discovered
in the future?  I dont know, I'm not a diviner, I cannot forsee the
future, and I have no idea what technology will come in the future.
For all I know, someone will prove that P=NP and all this will be for
Anyways, to get back to my claims of your hurtful statements:
I DO NOT GET PAID FOR ANY WORK I DO ON PGP!  I HAVE NEVER RECEIVED A
DIME FOR MY WORK.  I WORK ON PGP BECAUSE I BELIEVE IN IT.  Having said
that, I cannot BELIEVE you would have the Balls to say that the NSA
has bought me.  Go re-read what you've said.  You have just said that
the MIT PGP team, through MIT, is bound to be covering something up
because of historical fact.  I have never said "Believe me when I said PGP is secure".  I have
continually asked for you to check on the security yourself.  But you
have continually refused to do that, and asked why it is secure!  So,
you refuse to look for yourself, and you refuse to believe it when you
are told.  So, what the hell do you want?  Do you want a line-by-line
examination of the code????  Sheesh!
You're right, which is why the source code is publically available.  I
would wholeheartedly agree with you if only binaries are shipped, but
the source is available.  Anyone can look through and verify the code.
Anyone can try to find weaknesses.  In fact, everyone is encouraged to
do so.  I don't see how _this_ "violates the fundamental principles of
information protection".
I think I've finally figured out where you are completely confused!!!
You are confusing "back door" with "bug".  FYI: A back door is usually
a means to make it easy for someone to get into a system.  For
example, if I put in code so that I could read every PGP message by
typing the passphrase "Setec Astronomy", that would be a backdoor.
The fact that httpd was exploitable, or sendmail holes, or etc. are
BUGS, not Back doors.
Your problem is that you are using these terms interchangably.  THEY
ARE NOT THE SAME.  Putting in a backdoor has the connotation of
intent.  A bug is an accidental occurrance that was a side effect of
poor coding, a typo, carelessness, confusion, inconsistency, etc.  A
back door, on the other hand, is a DELIBERATE ATTEMPT TO REDUCE OR
CIRCUMVENT SECURITY!
Oh?  It doesnt?  How can you say that?  In what way does it not do
this?  The RFC states, in your quote, that "existing hardware on many
systems can be used" for truly random hardware techniques.  Please,
substantiate your claim that PGP does not do this.  Show me code
segments which show it does not.  Show me an analysis that goes
contrary to the RFC.
You're right, it should not be blindly trusted.  Go read the code and
examine the algorithms to prove to yourself that it is secure.  I've
done that to the extent that I wish, and I believe it is secure.  But
you wont take my word for it, so go ahead and check!  Oh, wait, you
wont do that either.  Sorry.  I forgot.
Show me some proof that PGP is "probably not secure"?  Come on, there
is a finite probability that I can walk through a wall!  The laws of
quantum probablility give me this finite probability!  But I'd be hard
pressed to show you that I can walk through the wall.  It looks good
on paper, but it just ain't gonna happen.
As for the RFC, it does not refute that PGP is secure.  In fact, PGP
pretty much follows the RFCs guidelines.  You clearly have selective
reading.  A useful skill -- I should learn it.
Dont forget that you have to run PGP in some OS.  Please show me a
secure OS!  Given that the OS cannot be secure (using your logic it is
intuitively obvious that this is true) then how can you ask to see a
program any more secure than the enviornment in which it runs?  PGP
tries to be as secure as possible given the environment in which it is
being run.
No, your concerns have been utterly vague.  The closest you've come to
being at all specific is some vague notion of analyzing keystrokes.
In every message I've responded to, I've asked you to expand upon what
you mean.  What kind of analysis do you mean?  How do you propose to
analyze keystroke timings?  Even if you have a probabalistic model of
keystroke timings, all you can possibly do is compare two different
probabilities to see if they are the same.  But that doesn't help you
limit the search on keys.
I'm not insulted that you are questioning PGP.  I am insulted because
in every message you have sent, you have postulated some conspiracy
with the government or postulated some intentional weakening of PGP.
Your statements could almost be construed as libelous, which is why I
feel insulted.  I feel extremely comfortable with people questioning
the security of PGP.  What I dont like is someone stating that it is
not secure, slaiming some sort of back door (which connotes some
intent to reduce the security) and does not back up the claim with any
And I've asked to you explain your conjecture, which you have
constantly either refused to do or intentionally ignored.
No matter what, PGP's security is based upon the security of RSA,
which in turn is based upon the difficult of factoring, which has
never been proven to be hard.  Therefore, there is always the
possibility that someone will find a polynomial factoring algorithm
which would completely destroy any security in PGP.
Ok.  Please explain what kind of keystroke timing analysis you
propose, and I will attempt to answer that, or concede your point.
Have you heard the thought experiment of putting a back-door in login
by modifying the C compiler to modilgy the C compiler to modify login?
Think about that in terms of the security of PGP -- you are always
going to be limited in security to the security of the system on which
you are running.
I only believe you are being unscholarly because you are making claims
without any supporting evidence.  _THAT_ is unscholarly!  Now, if you are asking if PGP is completely bug free, I will be the
first to admit that it is not.  I am certain that there are latent
bugs in the code (and there are many that have been fixed since the
2.6.2 release).  However that has not been your statement nor your
questions.  You have asked about back doors, an intentional act to
reduce the security, and to that I vehemently say that there are none.
How do I know that you haven't been infected by a computer virus?
Perhaps there was a computer virus that flashed subliminal messages on
your screen to make you think you were L. Detweiler and think that
Desert Storm was the greatest thing since sliced bread?  Improbable?
Perhaps, but prove to me that this didn't happen!  How do you know
that Microsoft Windows doesn't send all your keystrokes to Bill Gates
for him to peruse?  Prove to me that we landed on the moon!  Some have
contended that it was all a hoax.  Prove to me that the universe
existed before I was concious of it.  How do I know that you exist?
Perhaps all this is a dream -- and if so, I sure hope to god I wake up
Good night.

@_date: 1995-10-13 13:39:59
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: Netscape question transformed 
I don't think that this can jeopardize a company...  What would you
rather see?  A company makes a beta release for people to attempt to
break, fixes the bugs, and then releases a better product?  Or would
you rather see a company release a product, tell people it is secure,
and then get bitten by numerous holes in it?
Similarly, you will get a better product using the first method.
Using the second method, NOT beta-testing your product, has a greater
chance of jeopardizing a company.  At least if they put out a beta, if
the press calls, they can say "this is nor our final product -- we
wanted to let people give it a try and find problems, so that we can
fix them before we start shipping".
PS: I remember what it was like being 13 -- I remember feeling like I
knew more than everyone around me, my parents, my friends, my
teachers.  The only suggestion I have for you is to realize that no
matter how much you know, or how much you think you know, there is
always someone else who knows more than you do.  Wisdom is learning to
figure out who that person is and listen to what they have to say.
Good Luck!

@_date: 1996-02-16 14:08:29
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP 
This is a leading question.  If you just print it out, it might not be
legal to export.  If it is printed in a book (e.g., the PGP Sourcecode
Book, MIT Press, 1995) then it should be legal to take it out of the
country.  IANAL, YMMV.
Hope this helps.

@_date: 1996-01-18 13:03:43
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution 
Actually, that doesn't work either -- if I wanted to forward the
message you sent me to someone else to make them think that you sent
it to them, I could just take the nonce and put that in the header of
my forwarded message and it would match...
No, you need to include the "to" and "cc" fields as well inside the
signed message.  But again, the MUA should do this, not PGP.

@_date: 1996-01-21 17:19:12
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution 
How?  PGP has no idea what is around the PGP message.  Also, the PGP
armor is, by definition, not a cryptographic manipulation, rather it
is just a tool for convenience.  The Armoring done by PGP could just
as easily be done by MIME or UUEncode; the functionality is just the
same as far as PGP is concerned.  The only difference is for the user,
who knows that "BEGIN PGP MESSAGE" means feed this data to PGP rather
than feeding it to some other program.
PGP really only looks at the contents between the BEGIN and END.  It
can't do anything else.  In fact, only the PGP Armor code even deals
with that.  By definition, PGP is a binary protocol and deal with
binary data objects.  So how can it look at any "RFC 822 Headers"?
There are no such animals in PGP.  It is perfectly legal to remove all
data before the BEGIN and all data after then END and feed the result
to PGP...
As I said, armor is a convenience to the user only.
PGP will not be modified in this way; it is the job of the mailer
(MUA) to do this sort of thing.  Sorry.

@_date: 1996-07-02 07:10:22
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: MacPGP 2.6.3 released 
If you read closely, you will notice that I said "will", which is in
the future tense.  PGPlib has not been released, yet.  But it will.
And I will most assuredly let you know when it is released.  Until
then, however, my time is better spent implementing than responding to
email like this.  So, thanks for making me lose my concentration and
my place in my code so I could reply to your message.

@_date: 1996-11-13 10:04:54
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: PGP3.0 & ElGamal 
The PGP 3.0 code that I've been working on has support for:
It does not discontinue support for the PGP 2.6.2 algorithms.  It adds
support for new ones.

@_date: 1996-10-23 07:32:35
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: MD5? 
Since you asked this in the future tense, PGP 3.0 will support

@_date: 1996-10-23 09:10:26
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: MD5? 
It'll be released when it's done, dammit!  And it's almost done!
Currently, I'm tracking down a few bugs, and a few details need to get
solidified, but other than that I have it working on my desktop and I
use it almost every day.
It's still got some testing to do, and it needs to get packaged up.
And it still needs to get cleaned up a lot (the UI ain't pretty --
even compared to 2.6.2!)  This is what is taking so long.
Come on, EVERY SINGLE LINE OF CODE WAS RE-WRITTEN!  And there are
about 60000 lines in PGP3!  That's a lot of work, and the
70-30/80-20/90-10 rule is hitting hard.
It's coming.  We're trying to get it out as fast as we can.  But
we're not going to sacrifice quality for a little bit of time.
