
@_date: 1996-04-13 12:19:25
@_author: Bill Stewart 
@_subject: Cypherpunks Bay Area - Saturday 1:00 Printer's Ink 
The usual suspects for meeting places having fallen through,
there will be a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting at 1:00 Saturday
at Printer's Ink on Castro Street in Mountain View.
Meet at the outside tables by the side of the building,
and we'll see if the meeting migrates from there.
If we're not there, and the meeting has moved when you arrive,
look for a note on a lamppost in front of the building.
Directions: Castro Street goes between the Central Expressway
and El Camino Real in the middle of Mountain View;
Printer's Ink is on a corner in the middle.
Parking is around back.  Coffee is upstairs, books are inside.
Directions from far away - take Route 101 to the Moffett exit,
head west/south, watch the street name mutate at the Central Expressway and train  tracks.
Public Transit: Take CalTrain to the Mountain View Exit, walk about
three blocks west/south.
Agenda: As you've guessed from this highly timely notice, there's a full
schedule of events planned.  I'd like to talk about remailer spam prevention,
and there's been a lot of activity recently on Denning's position escrow,
Scientology court cases, CDA, and other entertaining politics.
Replies to: stewarts at ix.netcom.com

@_date: 2001-07-22 16:45:09
@_author: bill.stewart@pobox.com ,  
@_subject: Ensuring that LSBs in Stego  
Tim is incorrect here, unless he's implicitly narrowing his argument to the case
where the eavesdropper has no better model of noise than the sender,
or if he's only concerned about the eavesdropper reading the message,
not about the attacker detecting its presence.
The problem is that a good stream of cyphertext will have a 50% ones density
with no apparent correlation patterns, while the real noise may look
much different, and XORing the two gives 50% uncorrelated.
For two simple cases, consider "LSB is always 0" and "LSB has 75% of the bits = 1"; Tim's stegotext would be detected in both these cases.  Real cases are more likely to resemble "noise limited to X kHz, Y dB",
though they're of course much more computational effort to test for,
and therefore less likely to be tested for.
Peter Wayner's work on Mimic Functions provides some good methods
for transforming messages into stegotext that meets arbitrary grammars,
so you can pass automated tests for stego.  That doesn't mean a
human reader won't be able to detect that something's wrong,
but if you've got human eavesdroppers trying to read every message you send or
receive, you're probably under suspicion already.
Audio is tough to use as stego cover, because it's usually compressed,
removing much of the available noise and redundancy,
either with a human speech model (cellphones, VOIP, etc.)
or with MP3s for music, so hiding messages in it is likely to have
a major impact on the sound.  Doesn't mean you can't do it,
or can't start your messages with "Hi, Bob, I'm calling from the subway" or
label your music file "Live Phish concert, 1/1/01, audience tape from nosebleed seats",
and you're better off using less aggressive compression (e.g. 32kbps ADPCM
instead of  6.5kbps cellphone algorithms.)
          Bill
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
               Thanks;
                     Bill Stewart <bill.stewart at pob

@_date: 2001-07-22 18:02:26
@_author: billstewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: NetCurrents: Echelon for the Private Sector 
However, unlike Echelon, they're probably monitoring only conversations
in public spaces, like an extended higher-priced version of Google/DejaNews.
There's nothing there you wouldn't be able to find on Blacknet :-)
                    John Doe
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-07-24 00:04:17
@_author: billstewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Air Force Turns 747 Into Holster for Giant Laser (washingtonpost.com) 
At least one of the propaganda articles said the kill mechanism was to
make a hole in the hull near the fuel tank.   High albedo may help the
missile here as well as the warhead, though it's probably harder
to deploy decoys at launch and boost phase than re-entry.
The primary purpose of demos is to create public pressure
to get increased funding, plus to remind the public that we still have a nuclear-war-industrial-complex that's Protecting Our Country Against Somebody,
so in case EastAsia ever becomes a credible threat to Oceania,
Our Brave Military will have the infrastructure to do something about it.
Meanwhile of course, any foreign terrorist that wants to nuke the US
with a physically small weapon only needs to pack it in cocaine
and bring it in with the regular shipments, while Rogue Nations that can only make large Fat Boy style weapons
need cruder methods, like bribing a crane operator to load the wrong
container on a ship bound for New York or Los Angelese harbor.
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-07-24 01:05:55
@_author: billstewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: FW: Internet Piracy of Planet of the Apes (fwd) 
Sorry Measl, but by posting this information on a computer system,
you are providing a computerized mechanism that simplifies the
pirating process for Potential Infringers who might not have realized that they
could use your "Download Planet Of The Apes From The Internet" technique
to pirate that movie.  This is in violation of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act,
so you're busted!  Go to jail, go directly to jail, do not pass go, do not collect $200.
And your Unindicted Co-Conspirator "Fox Anti-Piracy' too...
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart

@_date: 2001-07-24 01:36:17
@_author: billstewart@pobox.com 
@_subject: Vengeance Against Adobe 
The Feds may be in a maze of twisty little press releases, all different,
but if they drop it, I'd bet it's not Adobe 'abandoning" them, but
Adobe *asking* them to drop it, quietly in the back room,
trying to stop bad PR against Adobe.  It doesn't really bother the Feds -
they can get credit for being responsive to urgent requests,
they've gotten publicity for busting yet another hacker copyright thief,
and they don't have to take any heat for backing down because
they can spin it all as "Adobe's Dropping Charges".
If they *do* continue,
it's because they're getting pressure from other DMCA pushers -
they'll need to do a bit more spin, but they can handle it,
and most of the people who would object already didn't respect them.
Won't bother their public image much.  My guess - a couple more days in custody, and they kick him out of the US.
X-Authenticated-User: idiom
    Bill Stewart
