
@_date: 2001-04-16 22:46:25
@_author: weeklymag at HRCAMPAIGNS.COM 
@_subject: HR.com's eBulletin for the Week of April 16, 2001 
HR.com's eBulletin for the Week of April 16, 2001
TABLE OFCONTENTS:
          -  Wise words from...
           Robert S. Kaplan
      -  Articles to help you
      -  Featured Product
         of the Week
      -  HR.com
         Communities
          -  Research Reports
        eMarketplace
        offers you:
 Assessment
        Tools
        Applicant Tracking
        Payroll Solutions
        Relocation Tools
        B to B Solutions
          If you know someone who'd like to readthis eBulletin,please forwardit to them.
Need an answer?
        Here!
If you have a burningquestion and can'tfind the answer,send
us an email toAsk HR.comto get FREE help/suggestions
onHR matters.
            good plan,             violently executed             now, is better than             a perfect plan next week. "
~ General George               S. Patton
 eMarketplace
          Center
          HR.com
        THIS
        a vendor
        who'd like to reach
        HR decision makers,
        email us at
sales at hr.com.
        TO HR.com's eBULLETIN
        THE WEEK OF: April 16, 2001
We are your free
        resource for HR. Our eBulletin gives you a taste of what's new on
        site this week.         WISE WORDS FROM...Robert S. Kaplan "You don't
        to put a dollar value on human capital to make it comparable to
        or accounts receivable. However, you do want to quantify human
        you do want to measure it in terms that are appropriate for what you
        accomplishing with the HR function" Robert S. Kaplan is
        a professor of Accounting and Control at Harvard Business School,
        his insights on linking strategy to HR are invaluable. I strongly
        HR professionals pay attention to what Dr. Kaplan has to say.         a break, have a laugh,         check out this week's HR.comic"
ARTICLES TO HELP YOU
          need to develop high-level consulting skills. This week we begin a
          of articles on becoming a trusted advisor. This articles are insightful,
          helpful and even inspiring. I hope you enjoy them.
There are
          lessons everywhere in life. Find out what Bob Delaney learned on
          way to the daycare in this week's guest editorial.
Are you a
          boomer with hard earned wisdom to share? If do David Creelman
          to know you. Read this week's editorial.
Don't miss
          week's Biz Fiction and your Horoscope.
        PRODUCT OF THE WEEK         Development Plan Video         Two new skills model videos will add important content and process
        your mentoring orientations.
        "Discussing Your Development Plan" models a protege
        both her mentor and manager in developing her action plan. In less
        six minutes, this video shows the key steps in this important
        Your Mentoring Agreement" is the foundation for a
successful mentoring
        experience. You will see a protï¿½gï¿½ and mentor negotiate the critical
        in a mentoring agreement.  New
        features @ HR.com         We have more editorial, more content and more features. Effective
        1st our product reviews are getting more analytic and in-depth. In
        we are launching the following new features across our 8
        Event         High level profiles of upcoming events that are of interest to HR
        and Tidbits         "Need to Know" trends for the HR Professional including graphs,
        hints and facts that are updated weekly.         Jobs         HR Careers: top jobs available in each community.         Products          Leading edge products tested by HR.com researchers and recommended
        use.         Communities
 Comp
        + Ben
This Week's
Features: 
        Business, People and Rewards: Surviving and Thriving in the New
        (4)
        Executive Compensation Tactics for the Next Economy
Product Review: Online
        Benefits Provider (3/3)         The final article of the series discusses common problems and what
        expectations should be with web-based applications.  HR
        Management
This Week's
Features: 
        Restructuring Can Present One of HR's Toughest Tasks: Layoffs
        Helping Dad have More Time at Home. Product Review: The
        FCRA and CRA's (3/3)         This article discusses the things you should know when you're
        a CRA.  Labor
        Relations
This Week's
        EEOC Guidance on the Handling of Retaliation         What is Stress? Product Review:  !Trak-It
        Grievance         As a stand-alone product or a part of !Trak-It HR, !Trak-It
        manages your grievance needs.  Legal
This Week's
        Cybersnooping: Potential New Claims Leave Employers With Tough
        High Tech Work Complicates FLSA Classification of Computer Employees
Product Review: IHR
        IHRadvisor helps company's manage their international assignment
This Week's
Features: 
        Rebuilding the Fire: From Burnout to Breakout
        The Career Couple Challenge. Product Review: Knowledge
        Pool         Read about Europe's leading e-Learning vendor and their new Career
        and Training application.  Staffing
This Week's
        Technology Tactics for a Human Capital-Centric World
        Is it a Conversation or an Interview? Product Review: Fitability.com
        Recruiting sales staff? Fitability can help you pick the best.
This Week's
Features: 
        What you need to Know About HR In The New Economy- Do You Measure
        Server Boxes are Shrinking to Blades Product Review: My
        HRIS Info.com         This new small business application helps keep track of your HR and
        administration.  Training
This Week's
Features: 
        Off The Shelf Interactive Training: Are we Settling for Mediocracy?
        The Training Goldmine Product Review: Leadership
        Experience Series (Managing Stress)         Learn how managers and employers can help employees manage stress in
        workplace.         for HR.com Members
        Career Center - Connecting Careers for HR
        With over 135,000 members, one of the largest online memberships for
        Professionals, HR.com is launching a member job board.
        you're looking for a job or looking at hiring someone in HR, the HR
        Center provides you with a one-stop resource for all your
        needs. To post a job or begin your job search click
        here.         Research:  Web-Based
        Benefits Administration ($25) is a
hot topic.
        This study helps you understand why web-based benefits
        is so popular.  Save yourself
        and money by reading the latest research on Internet recruiting. HR.com's
        Definitive Guide to Internet Sourcing ($650) reviews your
        options for sourcing and tracking candidates and provides helpful
        on which sites to use in various situations.  If you do not
        to receive our eBulletin, please reply to this email with
        in the subject line and be sure to indicate the email address you
        removed, especially if your mail is consolidated at a mailbox other
        the one to which we've addressed this HR.com eBulletin.  (c) Copyright 2000, HR.com. All Rights Reserved.
 cypherpunks at CYBERPASS.NET 28409
