
@_date: 1996-04-18 08:37:27
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Fascist takes another bite 
: : Information on how to construct a similar bomb is available to anyone
: around the world with Internet access.
... or US Gov't training manuals or _Still Life With Woodpecker_ by
Tom Robbins.
:      : The sect is also believed to have been looking to procure samples of the
: lethal ebola virus.
Context-type: virus/lethal ???
:      : About 5,000 other commuters where taken ill in the incident.
:      Clinton also told the news conference that in the next 20 years "every
: great nation will have to face" the question of terrorist access to the
: Internet.
 anyone?

@_date: 1996-04-18 10:35:28
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
: : Another example: What if I selected a nonsense passphrase, : "Dagmar shaved Howard's cocker spaniel"  Not great, but adequate for my needs.
: If, by some wild coindence, a book by that title became a best seller, I would : change my passphrase.  A cryptanalyst who knew that was my feeling could
: simplify : his cracking by not bothering to search for best selling book titles.  On
: the other : hand, a cryptanalyst who was not so convinced of my paranoia, and who DID check : book titles, would not find my passphrase.  I assume that BOTH philosophies : would be used in a serious attack.  When I do the math, it says that, assuming : BOTH types of attack are done, it is better to have a passphrase that is not : the title of a book. By the same token, if an admin runs crack on /etc/passwd to weed out poor
passwords isn't going to be faulted for reducing the key space for user's
passwords. The question is, how much of the keyspace should be eliminated
as "obviously a poor choice"?
Also, how much of this falls under "security through obscurity"?  If an
attacker knows what you omit .. his/her job is a bit easier.
Is it possible to find a percentage of the key space to eliminate that
will optimize security assuming that the attacker will try the easy
stuff first (and is it possible to quantify "easy stuff")?

@_date: 1996-04-23 14:55:52
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: OpenSoft ExpressMail 
I've been a bit behind with the mail, so I don't know if anyone brought this up yet.  We just got a beta copy of OpenSoft ExpressMail.
It's a DLL that plugs in as a messaging service for the Win95 desktop
Inbox.  The sheet that comes with it mentions the following:
Compatible with:
The problem is, I can't seem to get it working.  There is no setup app (which I hope they plan to put in the production model ... for
their sakes).  The Macro$loth Mail system doesn't seem to like the idea
of using the DLL.  I'm going to see if I have any luck with the Mail
server that came with it (I forgot to mention that this is a whole
client/server combo).  The client is for Win95, the server for Win95/NT.
Another added nicety is that there is supposedly a free standalone decoder
app.  I'm going to see if I can get my hands on it (if it is past vapor
I hope I can get this functional, cuz I wanna play, dammit!

@_date: 1996-05-01 12:42:29
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: LolitaWatch v1.1 
: : >[ Newt Gingrich and his ilk being the mensches they are, I expect v2.0 may  ]
: >[ add support for the "Jew," "Nigger," "Kike," "Fag," "Nerd" and "Wop" bits ]
: >[  -dave                                                                    ]
: >
: : Slick Willie and his ilk being the copraphagic cretins they are, I expect
: v2.0 may
: add support for the "religion", African-American, "Person of the Jewish Faith",
: "Lesbian", "Gay man", "Itellectually enhanced but socially challenged", and
: "Euro-American" bits.
: : DCF
I hear that a proposal for v1.2b is to AND this bit field with 0xFFFF.  If
the result is 0, the packet is assumed to come from an oppressor and is
I am unsure if this will be supported in Livingston's ChoiceNet.

@_date: 1996-07-04 08:02:22
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: CWD -- Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port 
: : I've wondered .. could a creative child circumvent these filter programs
: using a URL-redirecter, like where you see something like
: : or are they not URL-based?
I would assume that the filters look for regexp's in the query string, too.
How about a nice little Nutscape plugin that uses a rot13'd query string?
Hmmm, no bad words in the query string.  Of course the filter package would
start looking for rot13'd stuff in the next release.  So the next logical
step is to use the URL encrypted with the redirector's public key ... or
better yet, a dynamically generated key.  Just convert it to radix64 so
as to avoid ?'s &'s or ='s, and use that as the query string.  The plug-in would only be necessary to generate the first request.  Any
URL preparation could be handled by passing the output of netcat through
a stream filter before sending it to the client.
Now, if I can get the time, maybe I will write a nice little redirector
to do this.  (hehehehehehe ... right ... get the time ... good one)

@_date: 1996-07-06 03:16:39
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: CWD -- Jacking in from the "Keys to the Kingdom" Port 
: : >	That "creative child" would have to be pretty damn smart to do
: >what you described.
: : It would actually take less creativity to do the other things, bypass the
: config.sys, etc. The child would thus be perhaps a little TOO creative. :)
: 2 short replies in one post:
A)  Who said anything about a creative child?  How about a creative
    c'punk?
B)  Forget the CONFIG.SYS ... what about kids using Macs or some future
    "Kid Safe" system that has the filters in an eeprom?  I'm talking
    about bypassing the censorship on the client-server level.  Relatively
    platform independent.

@_date: 1996-07-09 09:21:31
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: The Net and Terrorism 
: : (Note: For various cultural and image reasons, science and technology are
: _not_ emphasized as careers for black children. Contrast the image of
: science in predominantly black environments with the image of science in,
: say, predominantly Jewish environments. The result is clear: blacks are
: severely underrepresented in these areas, and Jews are overrepresented in
: these same areas. Hey, I'm just citing a basic truth of our times, at least
: in this country. Similar statistics apply to Asians, with more than half of
: all U.C. Berkeley science and engineering undergrad students being Asian,
: and something less than 3% of them being black. The figures for who
: _graduates_ are even more skewed. There are various reasons for this. One
: of my pet peeves is how the terms "dweeb," "nerd," and "geek" are used to
: characterize science and engineering majors and professionals. Hardly terms
: that are likely to make a brother in the hood consider studying science!)
: I attended a school in the Pittsburgh area that had an active recruiting
effort centered in Philadelphia.  Thus, most of the black students were
from inner-city Philly.  What I noticed about their failure to show up in
upper level math/science classes was that they had to spend too much time in
remedial classes to undo the damage done by city schools.
Considering the percentage of America's black population that lives in
urban areas, that seems to explain the lack of black representation.
Even more distressing on the whole was the lack of female students in
the Comp. Sci. department ... but that's another story.
As for the slang, I don't think it's going to attract white kids from
the suburbs either.  Screw the stereotypes, it's a little too close
to the "They could but they don't have the drive/will/intelligence" arguments
to say that Dilbert cartoons are going to turn off a "brother in the hood"
to math/science.  Also, most of the Asian students at my school were not US citizens.  Most were
from China or Japan.

@_date: 1996-06-08 15:21:55
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: Clinton To Cipher Whitewater Video (fwd) 
X-Sender: freematt at bronze.coil.com
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0
President Clinton is scheduled to video-tape his testimony in
the second Whitewater trial.  He will do so from the oval office
in July.  The first video taped testimony he sent to an Arkansas
court room was scrambled in order to protect his personal and
political privacy.  One can only assume that the President will
also encrypt his second testimony for the same reasons.  I have
no problem with the President exercising his rights to use
encryption.  That is what the defensive technology is for.
However, President Clinton is also engaged in an effort to
deny that very same right from ordinary citizens.
The Clinton administration has tried for several years to ban or
remove all defensive encryption security from computers,
stressing that crime had a higher priority over privacy.  His
latest Clipper III proposal would require all U.S. citizens to
turn over their keys (escrow) so that the FBI can ensure that no
one is using their computer for criminal activities.  In effect,
the proposal would invalidate the First, Fourth and Fifth
amendments.  Escrow is the modern equal to the FBI demanding
your house key.  This is so the FBI can check in every now and
then.  Yet, instead of making life safer, the proposal will
leave us wide open for hacker attack.
It is a fact that the Clinton record of computer security is so
poor that the GAO reported over 160,000 successful penetrations
against just the Defense Department in 1995.  In fact, during
one incident, a 16 year old hacker could have started a war
between North Korea and America (Rome NY USAF Base/Korean Atomic
Research Facility 1995). Please note - DOD has the best computer
security record of all government agencies!  That means the
situation at the FBI, BATF, FAA, HUD and IRS is worse.  Much
worse.  The computers that control the military, financial,
industrial, medical and political heart of America are waiting
for a Digital Pearl Harbor, left undefended by Presidental
order.  His proposal also assumes that a huge bureaucracy
erected to monitor escrowed keys would be more secure than our
nuclear arsenal.  Ridiculous.
President Clinton has risked global nuclear war to push
intrusive and obsolete ideas which protect nothing.  Instead,
President Clinton should heed the GAO report which concluded
that securing million dollar military computers with no
encryption software, no firewalls and untrained, part-timers, is
the wrong thing to do.  President Clinton demands his personal
and legal privacy but refuses to support the same for you and
me.  President Clinton has risked our personal safety and our
common democracy in order to create a large bureaucracy of
lawyers who will do nothing but count bits.  The President
should take a lesson from his own actions, cipher thyself, and
protect America.  He should join Senator Bob Dole and a whole
crowd of Bi-partisan elected officals in supporting the PROCODE
bill (S. 1726).  This bill gives every American the right to
encrypt.  The right to personal privacy.  The same right Bill
Clinton enjoyed during the last video session at the Whitehouse.
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - Encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR  Richmond, VA  PCYPHER signature:
Subscribe to Freematt's Alerts: Pro-Individual Rights Issues
Send a blank message to: freematt at coil.com with the words subscribe FA
on the subject line. List is private and moderated (7-30 messages per week)
Matthew Gaylor,1933 E. Dublin-Granville Rd., Columbus, OH  43229

@_date: 1996-06-11 10:00:55
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: Anti-Scientologists 
: : Would you describe Christianity as a cult?  If not, why not?
: Cult == "The church down the street"

@_date: 1996-06-26 08:20:42
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: domain name zapping threat by Internic 
: : Nothing stops anyone from running their own name server.  However, the root
: servers are what 99% of the nameservers out there point at.  No one is going
: to use dns.joe.schmoe.org as their primary nameserver.
: Except of course schmoe.org.  Primary name service is usually provided
by the organization's own nameserver.  The secondary name server should
(as per the rfc whose number I forget at the moment) be on a separate
network segment.  Anyone who lists a machine from root-servers.net as their
primary needs to learn a bit more about DNS.  Root servers exist to provide
an authoritative starting point for recursive lookups, they do not provide
name service for anything other than top level domains (com. edu. net. etc.).
The NIC has the power to remove domains based upon it's authority among the root servers.

@_date: 1996-06-26 08:56:47
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: domain name zapping threat by Internic 
: : Nothing stops anyone from running their own name server.  However, the root
: servers are what 99% of the nameservers out there point at.  No one is going
: to use dns.joe.schmoe.org as their primary nameserver.
: Except of course schmoe.org.  Primary name service is usually provided
by the organization's own nameserver.  The secondary name server should
(as per the rfc whose number I forget at the moment) be on a separate
network segment.  Anyone who lists a machine from root-servers.net as their
primary needs to learn a bit more about DNS.  Root servers exist to provide
an authoritative starting point for recursive lookups, they do not provide
name service for anything other than top level domains (com. edu. net. etc.).
The NIC has the power to remove domains based upon it's authority among the root servers.

@_date: 1996-06-27 06:44:12
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: domain name zapping threat by Internic 
: : Perhaps I'm misunderstanding your point.  Because the root nameservers
: provide name service for the top level domains, if you want to find : schmoe.org, you need to ask a nameserver for .org where it is, and to find
:  you need to ask a nameserver for .org where to find a : primary or secondary nameserver for schmoe.org - so if the .org folks
: decide to drop you, you become hard to reach, even if you've got
: the primary and secondary name servers working just fine.
The org. folks ARE the InterNIC.  The machines on ROOT-SERVERS.NET are all
fed by the NIC.  My problem with the original statement was the implication
that using your own nameserver as having zone authority was a bad idea.
Not only is it a good idea, it is standard operating procedure.  You're absolutely right about being "hard to reach" (a bit understated) if the
NIC drops your record.  Any recursive lookups will fail.
: Now, you can improve your odds a bit by getting popular systems, such as
: aol.com and compuserve.com to act as secondary nameservers for you -
: you may lose connectivity to Europe, but you're in the cache for half
: the Net that way...
Well, if you decide to use AOL as your secondary, you will only be accessible
(by name) outside of aol.com for about 48 hours after the NIC drops your records.  After that, only users who use one of aol.com's name servers
will be able to access your domain.  Then, when someone else registers your
domain, AOL will probably drop you like a bad habit (if they don't when the NIC
drops you).  I'm sure that AOL (or Compuserve, etc.) are not too keen on being
the odd man out when the NIC and the rest of the world say XYZ.COM is owned
by your competitor and AOL says it is owned by you.

@_date: 1996-06-27 08:21:24
@_author: Herr Wendigo 
@_subject: Alternic.net (was domain zapping) 
: : With all the talk about InterNIC zapping domains, there should be
: some talk about other registries, Alternic.net : : is offering an alpha test for registering new TLD's and the prices
: are considerably less expensive than the Internic.
: ALTERNIC.NIC is a couple of kids with a few Linux boxes.  It's rather amusing,
but they did go through a lot of trouble to make it look good.  Sure,
the new TLD's work if you use their name server.
I thought about actually registering NSA.TEL and MCI.ATT with them for
shits and giggles.  I love the TLD's they have ... BSA, XXX, CAT, DOG ...
it was a good laugh, but it's way past April 1st.

@_date: 1996-05-24 16:08:54
@_author: Rev. Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: VIRUS ALERT: Java virus that affects Netscape 2.0 & 2.01. 
: : We've reached urban legend time for Java...?   : : There is no Java virus known as "Black Widow".  There was a melodramatic
: web article about Java security that used the title "Black Widow", a pun
: on the web.  The article focused mostly on the danger of denial-of-service
"Black Widow" was the calling card of a little script called 'latro' that
exploited the stupidity of certain webmasters who put perl.exe in the
cgi-bin directory on PC-based webservers.  The default code to execute
on the remote machine was:
print "If I were nasty, you'd be spiderfood by now.\n";
print "\n\n\t--the black widow\n";
