
@_date: 1997-12-05 13:03:24
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: (Borders) 
: :  "Borders is opening new stores almost
: every week. If there's not one near you now, there will
: be soon."
: : This is depressing. Something has to be done about
: "free"-market capitalism. It is as destructive as
: government, and built on the same lies.
: And what, exactly, would these lies be?  Other than any claims that
one of these "Mothership" chains will be healthy for the local economy.
I used to live in Indiana, PA, where the unemployment rate was about 12%.
A big ol' WalMart plopped down just outside of town in my last year there.
Via the power of sheer bulk-buying, they undercut EVERY local business they
competed with.  Despite the overwhelming roar of money being sucked out of the region, I fail to see any underhandedness.  They were honest androids.

@_date: 1997-11-04 13:48:44
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: SynCrypt: the new PGP? 
Hash: SHA1
: : You mean Microsoft.  It's foolish to reject encryption software because
: it runs on the OS used by 90% of its customers.
If the software is only available for Windoze, I think it's safe to say
that 100% of it's users use Windoze.  Nonetheless, open standards are a very good thing indeed.  This message having reached you is proof of it.
: > No source no security.
: : You don't trust Schneier?  You've seen the limitations of source code
: release.  Experts like Schneier and his team designing the crypto is
: worth more than a bunch of know nothings scratching their heads and
: wondering where to begin with 1000+ pages of source code.
If the source were available, there would be no need to trust Schneier.
I trust his expertise, but have no basis (or inclination) to make guesses
about his character.  No matter how many people refer to Applied Crypto as
"a Bible", it's not the kind of book that encourages blind faith.

@_date: 1997-11-26 13:01:00
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Anonymity at any cost, from The Netly News 
Hash: SHA1
: :         Making the cookie read only and erasing previous additions does the
: same thing for free. Cottrell is PT Barnum speaking. : Considering that the bulk of the online population doesn't even know how to
use the 'attrib' command, that's a useless argument.  Anyway, that's only one
aspect of the Anonimizer service.

@_date: 1997-10-02 09:23:30
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Hash: SHA1
: : I agree wholeheartedly.  Uncontrolled guns do not solve problems, they : create them.  If most households have at least one firearm, it makes it : that much easier for a criminal to obtain one by stealing yours while you : are at work.
So take your gun to work ;)  Yeah, I know ... that's not the point.
: : IMNSHO the best way to fight crime is not with bigger guns than the "bad
: guys", but with better social programs such as universal health care, and
: improved day care so single parents can show their kids what a productive
: lifestyle looks like.  This takes longer than blowing the brains out of some
: teenager that feels his only path to a better life is through crime, and it
: doesn't give the same adrenalin rush.  However, it works at the source of
: crime, and not the consequences. I agree, but here's the catch:  once you place the responsibility in the
hands of the gov't, the system comes to a screeching halt.  That which is mandated is corrupt, inefficient, and utterly useless.  I'll tell you the first step to reducing crime ... get to know your neighbors.  The problem
that we have here in the U.S. is mobile society.  How many Americans know
the people on their street or in their complex?  We have very little community left.  A cow-orker of mine lives in the Oranges (near Newark, NJ),
and she doesn't feel fearful when she walks through her complex at night.
The tenants meet at least once a month on a semi-social basis, and so they
know each other.  It makes a big difference.  I don't see most gov't
funded social programs making even that amount of difference.  The change
has to be internal to the community, essentially decentralized.  You can
seed the ideas, but you have to understand that simply improving day care
and health care isn't going to solve the problem, there has to be the
internal process.

@_date: 1997-10-02 23:54:47
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Forwarded mail... 
Hash: SHA1
: :  ... nothing personal, but why is it people keep deluding themselves
: with the idea that they can shoot to wound. You cannot know what a
Because that's what all the cops on TV do.  Most people see non-lethal
leg shots on TV all the time, so they assume that it's probable.  Even
worse was "The A-Team" where hundreds of rounds were fired, but no one
ever got hurt.  It was intended to reduce the amount of violence on TV,
but (in my opinion) only made gunplay seem like a safe recreational
Most of the people who talk about non-lethal wounding have very little
experience with firearms.  A few years ago, I was in school in a small
PA town.  The local cops shot and killed a kid who rushed at them with a
knife.  Most of the people I knew couldn't understand why the cop (who
was in no way a gung-ho type, but competent and stable) didn't "just shoot
him in the leg".  I would ask them if they knew what shooting a moving
target, in an uncertain situation, in the middle of the night was like.
Most of them had never even held a gun, but they had seen the cop show
last night and KNEW it was possible.

@_date: 1997-10-05 11:15:19
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or cryp 
Hash: SHA1
: Agreed.  There are also dedicated, hard-working, community-oriented : policemen out there. (I'm probably going to get flamed for daring to : say that, but tough.)
: There are some cops who I have known or had dealings with (even ones
who have given me a citation) who I consider very principled and generally
good people ... they actually "serve and protect".  However, from my
experience with cops in general, even the sight of a cruiser knocks
the adrenalin into gear.  I have seen friends harrassed and even beaten
by cops.  I don't trust a cop to protect my well being any more than I
trust my mechanic to protect my well being.  Big difference is, I can
choose my mechanic.

@_date: 1997-10-09 10:05:48
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Internet Via Electric Lines? 
Hash: SHA1
: In the Netherlands, every house is hooked to the natural gas network. I've
: heard rumours about them guys testing literally blowing fiber into your
: house through the gas pipes (hook fiber to a shuttle, let it loose - gas
: pressure does the rest). Never heard how they're gonna do the steering on
: junctions, though...
Or how they plan on doing it without filling up the target domicile with
lots of stinky gas.

@_date: 1997-10-09 11:55:41
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: your mail 
Hash: SHA1
: : Have you ever realized that this list is for straight-up (used loosely) : losers?
Didn't you receive the welcome message that specifically said "If you
are not a loser, unsubscribe NOW!"?
This apparent error will be sent to Customer Service right away.
: : The government is not planning to murder everyone.  The Government is : not keeping aliens in the 'basement'.  The X-Files are not real.  The : government is not murdering public figures, and setting-up pore, : civilian saps to take the fall.  The only thing that the Government is : doing is running our country the best it can.
1) Killing everyone, aside from being a public relations hassle, would
   reduce tax revenues.  Just not feasible.
2) I'm pretty sure Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny get a paycheck from
   some entity, so the X-Files (a TV show) does indeed exist.
3) The government is NOT murdering public figures and setting up porous
   saps to take the fall (spongiforms take comfort in this fact!).  The
   government IS murdering public figures and building widespread support
   for their actions via manipulation of the media.  Hey, we're 4) Unfortunately, the gov't IS running this country the best it can.
   That's what scares us silly.
: : All you are doing for the Government, is finding fault and conspiracy in : every action.  You are destroying the Government, and are thereby : destroying America.
Even assuming that the nature of an entire nation is defined by the
government that holds power, I fail to see how criticism is interpreted
as being destructive against a government based upon the association of
open criticism and discussion with the proper functioning of government.
: : By even being a part of this list, you are confirming to the : mindlessness that you so hard are trying not to do.
Ahhhh, throwing me off balance through the use of an alien syntax.
Your Jedi tricks will not work on me!
: None of you have my pity.  I spit upon you all.
: Thanks for the warm fuzzies.

@_date: 1997-10-24 06:52:38
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: US Senator Lott Criticizes FBI Crypto Plans (fwd) 
X-Sender: freematt at bronze.coil.com
Message-Id: Mime-Version: 1.0
URL: Fight-Censorship is at To join send "subscribe" to fight-censorship-request at vorlon.mit.edu
In a statement entered into the Congressional Record, Senator Lott urged
his Senate colleagues to "deal with reality" by passing legislation to
relax cold-war era export controls on encryption, and to reject FBI efforts
to impose new domestic law enforcement access requirements.
Full text from:

@_date: 1997-10-27 14:44:52
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Orthogonal (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
: I can see the union 'build complicated things out of basic building blocks'
: and the use of Occam's Razor (I'm as lazy as any other programmer) but fail
: to see how this maps to anything relating to the concept of orthogonal.
: Which clearly doesn't have any inherent minimalist cast.
: Minimalism is merely a by-product of orthogonality.  A language is considered
orthogonal if builtin functions do not provide overlapping functionality.
So the term orthogonal probably refers to the fact that there is no
point of intersection in the functionality of the language (or system, as
the thread started out).
And I will not argue about vector spaces until I get bookshelves and actually
dig my Linear Algebra texts out of the boxes around my apartment.

@_date: 1997-10-29 15:58:46
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Orthogonal (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
: : How did the word get there, NOT what the word means. I KNOW what and how
: to use the word.
I agree with Jim, we have shown WHAT orthogonal means to the fields of
programming languages, computer theory, and software engineering.  The
question is WHY it was adopted.
: : Some of you people are fucking worthless for anything other than baiting.
Oh, come now, any human has many uses if you put your mind to it.
A cheap, renewable replacement for ballistic test gelatin, maybe? ;)

@_date: 1997-10-30 15:05:06
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Killing those who need killing (fwd) 
Content-Length: 773       -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
: : (Personally, were I to be arrested and held on such false charges, I'd
: consider it necessary to kill those who illegally held me. Preferably from
: a safe distance, with a sniper rifle. But then I'm a right wing libertarian
: whacko.)
Right wing, left wing, friggin' wingless ... the above comment still indicates a sociopath.

@_date: 1997-10-31 10:54:27
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Killing those who need killing (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
: >:
: >: (Personally, were I to be arrested and held on such false charges, I'd
: >: consider it necessary to kill those who illegally held me. Preferably from
: >: a safe distance, with a sniper rifle. But then I'm a right wing libertarian
: >: whacko.)
: >
: >Right wing, left wing, friggin' wingless ... the above comment still
: >indicates a sociopath.
: : Perhaps, but is being a sociopath that bad?  When those who administer the
: justice system in society are out-of-control, or have consciously decided
: to ignore the constitutional protections they are charged with upholding
: then strong, extra-legal, measures may be called for in order to right the
: apple cart.
While being an eloquent statement of support for gang warfare, it still disagrees with the old adage of "two wrongs don't make a right" [1].  It does
indicate that this concept of justice causes any traces of "law" to go right
down the drain anytime one person oversteps the boundary.  If Tim were justified in breaking the law because a (hypothetical) LEO broke his end of
the Constitutional bargain, wouldn't that make the "law" in question moot?
I'm not attacking your ideals, or Tim's, I'm just wondering if this sort
of reactionary violence is valid.  If Tim were arrested on some bogus charge
[2] and were held as a political prisoner, let's say he does as he says he would ... leaving a corpse in jackboots.  Wouldn't that add more fuel to the
fires of the political reptiles, resulting in more oppresive law enforcement?
I'm not saying that he should just turn the other cheek, I'm just wondering if
there aren't more effective ways of dealing with an out of control government.
The American public won't be roused to open revolution quite so easily.  They
have jobs, cars, houses, kids, dogs, digital watches [3] and lots of other
things that they do not want to lose.  Revolution is untidy, and Americans
know this, so does the government ... this gives them a BIG advantage, it
makes the citizenry very compliant.
How do you see Tim's stance as being practical?
: : "Those who prefer security over liberty deserve neither."
I agree.
[1] but three rights make a left.
[2] plenty to pick from here.
[3] well, most of them do.

@_date: 1997-10-31 10:55:18
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Rules for a successful society 
Hash: SHA1
: : Q: Don't want to be beaten about the head and shoulders with a large club?
: : A: Stay off my property unless invited.
I just had the laugh of my life imagining Jim shouting this through a
bullhorn on a South Dakota Indian Reservation.
: : The PRIMARY rule of a successful society:
: : Treat others the way you want to be treated, NO EXCEPTIONS.
That would be why it was considered Golden, eh?

@_date: 1997-11-01 07:13:18
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Killing those who need killing (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
: : > Right wing, left wing, friggin' wingless ... the above comment still : > indicates a sociopath.
: : 	And the problem with that is...
: : : 	You must live in such a nice world, where the sky is always blue,
: the grass always green, and the police eager and willing to serve a happy
: populace. : : 	Can I come live in your world?
: Get a grip.  My world is just has the same ugly grey patina of reality
as yours.  I should have qualified my comment a bit more.  Ranting
about sniper rifles in a public forum is only going to set you up for a losing battle. I actually agree with Tim about the justification for extreme
measures, I just don't necessarily think that setting yourself up as a target
for some gung-ho BATF agents is a good way to see justice served.
"Eagles may soar, but weasels never get sucked into jet engines"

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:15:42
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: None 
Hash: SHA1
: : That vile salamander Gingrich, squeaker of the
: House, is slobbering about a drug-free America
: by the year 2001. What a dreary prospect! Of
: course this does not include alcohol and tobacco,
: That should read:  ... free of drugs that cannot be taxed or

@_date: 1997-09-27 15:21:43
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Stel 
Hash: SHA1
Has anyone heard anything recently about CERT-IT's STEL?  I like it much
better than deslogin (although, I can't seem to get steld working on Linux
boxes ...), and have been waiting for the protocol to catch on.  It's been beta for over a year now.

@_date: 1998-02-10 10:06:00
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Driver Licenses 
: : How exactly can they require for the DL to be magnetized if only a few
: states do that? My NE license is just a piece of photographed paper
: encased in plastic. The only thing that "protects" it from forgery is a
: "Don't Drink and drive" and "buckle up Nebraska" silvery warnings that can
: be seen under certain angles. I don't see them changing it anytime
: soon...thank gods for slow ppl ;) So...seems like there can and will be a
: lawsuit against such practices.
: Nice to see D'Jinn jumping in ...
Here in the Peoples Republik ov NJ, the DL's have no magstrips.  But, being that it is NJ, they're probably not far away.  An interesting point
is that, when I moved (intrastate), the MVS sent a decal with the new
address to stick on the back.  No re-issue necessary, which is good, since
most bars/liquor stores will not accept licenses marked DUP.  But, they
will accept passports.
Also interesting is that PA has recently (within the past 2-4 years) been
issuing DL's with the driver's SSN.

@_date: 1998-01-08 12:30:41
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: a good example of bad crypto hype 
Hash: SHA1
: 	
: at : you can test your critical thinking skills...
: - From the first paragraph, which offers this indisputable nugget:
  "At no point in time does the ORIGINAL DATA    ever gets encrypted or transferred
   in any form or shape."
I haven't laughed so hard in a long time.  And the grammar adds an even
better tinge to the spiel.

@_date: 1998-01-09 12:21:47
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: [Humor] Kennedy's New Legislation 
: : >"Evolution in action."
: >Thank you, Michael Kennedy, for improving humanity's gene pool.
: : It's only evolution in action if it gets them before they've reproduced...
: Actually, natural selection in action ...

@_date: 1998-01-16 10:03:40
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Personal webpages can get you fired [CNN] 
: : Forwarded message:
: : >      TRAVERSE CITY, Michigan (AP) -- Hired to teach computer technology
: >      at a marketing company, Cameron Barrett suggested his trainees check
: >      out his Web page, where he published his own fiction.
: >      : >      Some women staff members did, and were shocked by the violent and
: >      sexually explicit passages.
: >      : >      They complained to their boss, and Barrett was fired.
Not all that surprising.  If Barrett suggested his pages as an example,
that makes them part of his curriculum.  Curriculums that don't fit in
with the Diversity model are usually pretty short-lived.  That's a big
"Duh" on his part.

@_date: 1998-01-16 13:50:05
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: Personal webpages can get you fired [CNN] 
: : And as with the AOL case of Timothy McVeigh (no, not _that_ one) being
: kicked out of the Navy for labelling himself as "gay" and as a "boy hunter"
: on one of his AOL profiles, there are already calls for new privacy laws.
: : Which misses the point. By illegalizing the keeping or disclosing of
: lawfully obtained information, greater harm is done.
: : I heard Nadine Strossen of the ACLU arguing today that more laws are needed
: to "prevent" these "abuses." In fact, more _technology_ is what's needed.
: The technology of Web proxies, remailers, nyms, and such.
: This issue was covered in _The Right to Privacy_ by Ellen Alderman and
Carolyn Kennedy.  The book was misplaced during my recent move, and I didn't
get very far through it.  I do remember that the current legal standard for
invasion of privacy depended upon whether the information was gathered from
a public medium.  A psychiatric evaluation or Telco records would not be
considered a public forum, so could not be used by an employer (unless the
evaluation was given by the employer, I guess).  A web page, on the other hand
is about as public as you can get.
I would agree that with the right technologies (proxies, remailers, etc) there
would be a de facto protection of privacy, and (insert the not-even-close-to-
a-lawyer disclaimer here) that there should be some legal basis that since
the effort was made to hide the True Name, the content could not be used, if
there were a compromise.  Looks like a win-win.
It still doesn't deal with morons who *provide* their employers with the ammo to terminate employment.  You can make a system foolproof, but you can't
make it damnfoolproof.

@_date: 1998-01-22 04:40:55
@_author: Mark Rogaski 
@_subject: $50 encryption policy contest 
: :  3. (**important**) The page of submitted questions must have a means
:     by which anyone can score the quality of the question on a scale
:     of 1 to 5 (say, by clicking on the appropriate score button), with
:     5 being the highest score.  For each question, its median score
:     must be displayed.  Questions must be listed in order of
:     decreasing median scores.  : I'm amused by how this requirement was thrown in.  Never even mentioned
in the overview.
So, what you're looking for is some kid who will work for peanuts writing
some CGI scripts for you.  This comes off as an insult.
