
@_date: 2000-11-04 19:08:18
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Hushmail>>Email Portal (got Flustered...) 
Greetings All,
I just got flustered with HushCom not being able to develop quality code or
systems (HushMail.com/etc), and hacked up a simple applet that will Get all
of your hushmail content (recursive on all folders and messages) and pipe
them transparently to your preferred local mail server and account. (If
local mail host, security is retained. -- as if there is any to begin with.)
In short, its a merger of basic smtp and a hacked version of the most
recent hush client. -- I simply got aggrivated with their persistant
failures and inability to implement basic components. Only thing not covered is the getting of attachments and sub-messages,
which is more effective by hand. All internal variables, data, etc, are
otherwise included in header or content. (Incl keys)
Only requirements are fixing browser security to allow multiple server
contact (applet host, hushmail.com, mail server ) and if you use a local
mail server, no compromise of data security. (localhost)
Works fine for my accounts, should be ok for everything.
Please email me directly for url or more info/code/etc...
("Wilfred at Cryogen.com")Only took a few minutes, and can be easily enhanced,
however this is merely an informal project to get my personal email off of
their damned servers.
Wont even comment on their security issues now... :) Have to wait 10 years
and see what type of bs comes out similar to the pgp stuff a few weeks
ago... eh?
So lets go rescue our hushmail :)
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2000-11-09 21:02:35
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Where indeed is John Young? 
Given the reality and postings to the list, I wouldn't doubt the fbfeds or
local police picked him up for pre-meditated stalking.
Also of note, its a private sub division, and the info was posted publicly
(observations) without auth from the people nor auth to inspect the
property, among other things. Depends on state laws there.
I dont see how people can be so blatently stupid, esp when they are
expected to have a slight hint of competance... Why not call on the phone and ask them? But public statement of intent and
then to actually go out there most definitely got someone arrested for
being stupid.
Why is the world being so dumb?
Oh well. Lets hope its a quick review and fine, nothing more. (My personal
statement was "dumba.." upon reading the 11/4 post...)
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
[ Because I have nothing better to do than laugh at woolies... ]
predicament.  I

@_date: 2000-09-09 18:55:17
@_author: Wilfred  Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Algebra.com Dysfunction? 
cyph relay CDR on Algebra.com has been sending null messages from owner-etc since Friday the 8th, 13:42 cst last coherent message.
Has there been failure/problems with the algebra.com server, or is there known reasons for these strange messages rather than the relay?
(I do not know the scope of this problem, nor if CDR admins are aware of the problem, hopefully so, if not, I have a nice log of 50 or so messages from the algebra.com server with null content and otherwise useless purpose :) )
(Since Algebra.com is sending out null messages, please respond directly)

@_date: 2000-09-13 01:29:04
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: [PGP:] Are you all this Blind? [Resent.] 
CP: This message was distributed from Algebra.com as NULL content back on
Sunday, 27 August, 2000. It, and postant null and erred content from
various nodes triggered questions over the last week, numerous admins have
checked on the issue of problems, apparently. [There have been no changes
to this text since the original post, simply re-sent now. -WLG]
[PGP]: Are you all this blind?
Regarding the "New Realization" of the PGP "fixes"...
This short denouncement of performance is directed to all those of
semi-competence and awareness and understanding of the reality. For the rest of "us" sheep, Let "us" learn from 'their' mistakes.
I do not know who in their right mind --who actually comprehends the basis
of _this_ intellectual environment and the surrounding realities in which
we operate-- could possibly not comprehend the legitimacy and security
issues surrounding the PGP projects after the fixes were introduced.
As we *ALL* _SHOULD_ know, PGP releases prior the original release of 2.6.2
and (there may be a legitimate interim version, however its life span was
limited) prior the introduction of external influences and the release of
the 5.*+ series and the replaced 2.6.2 distributions, are the only
semi-secure and legitimate releases of the PGP algos/code.
You should ALSO know that all versions 5.*+ are severely defective, and
altered versions of 2.* replaced legitimate public distributions of 2.*
during the same time frame.
I will refuse to accept the apparent "realization" that is currently
circulating the public media.
Are those of you on this list, and involved in any and all related fields,
claiming to be so blind sighted that *YOU* did not notice the variance in
code, that *YOU* did not "bother" to examine or check the totally faulted
releases of anything from these sources after the fixes? Are *YOU* going to tell us that you "didn't notice" the variance in code
structures in the server-distributed versions of 2.6.2 releases immediately
after the fixing? Nor any of the more obvious transitions?
Granted, although for obvious reasons, no one immediately put up alarms due
to their full comprehension of the situations the PGP project was faced
with during this time period... BUT... Why is it only NOW, _years_later_,
that it is such a revelation? Why is it only now that there is a release of a statement of
common-knowledge reality? Or is the fact that no one with any comprehension
or ability to recognise the issues bothered to elucidate the reality to the
rest of the world?
This is the epitome of failure, on one of many fronts.
I am thoroughly disappointed that the current public understanding of the
PGP code and algos has thought it to be stable and legitimate encryption,
especially when there are thousands+ of individuals capable of simple
review that *SHOULD* have looked at the code upon release and prior their
use. How many did? Most. And?
Now, how many PGP sigs in this list (and others) are explicitly tag lined
with a statement resembling "2.6.2 _ORIGINAL_ PGP" or similar?
I will continue to refuse to believe that we have gone (for how many
years?) failing to exhibit the faulted PGP versions circulating publicly
and no one publicly questioning it?
Granted, the sheep are supposed to be dumb for a reason, but, in this
regard, has anyone ever bothered to teach them a more complex "baah!" ?
Or, are we to assume that our friendly spooks have failed so miserably that
only now have they created a computational system capable of analysing the
real PGP systems? This would be a statement of pathetic failure on their
behalf... I would expect the damned spooks to at least know how to run
simple (untraditional) numerics on data sets and not have any problem with
any common-use encryption to date... How can they fail so miserably? [This
assumes the common "let the sheep 'baah' after we have countered it"
Generally, I feel this is a pathetic failure on the part of all competent
individuals who most certainly analysed and reviewed the code and noticed
the blatant flaws many years ago (yes, they are blatantly obvious), yet
*CHOOSE* to *NEVER* elucidate this reality to the common environment?
Let us take this awareness and insight ("Learn from your Mistakes and
Failures") so that we do not consistently allow this type of global
stupidity to propagate for _SO_LONG_ without cross-checks... Please.
I bid you good wishes on your quest for intellectual freedom, yet also
distribute cynical remarks to all of "us" who FAILED to audience the simple
reality and stir the crowds years ago in this excessively basic issue...
What about all the others?
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
[You really expect a PGP sig here?]
---------- Original Message ----------------------------------

@_date: 2000-09-15 18:40:26
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Archive Resurrection Potentials... 
Archive Resurrection Potentials...
[Relevance: Censorship, Restrictions and Usurption, Archives, Havenco,
Modern Fluff]
Whilest working on a simple project this afternoon, I came across the need
for multiple old files and programs which would serve ideally without
having to recode stuff we did years ago...
 Historically, these elements would be easily found on places like
ILF.net, LordSomer's, BroncBuster's, Silicon Toad's, and numerous other
related sites (Specialized in various fields)... Now, logic indicates that these files should be present on our heavily
censored phoney info-distribution centers managed by "you cant know what we
know" mentality orgs like Kroll and whatnot... But??? (The rest are quite
limited overall)
After further pondering, and some simple "research", I quickly confirmed
that current software developers (especially those requiring large $$ to
even use) have paid absolutely NO heed to their intellectual predecessors'
research and whatnot... Vulnerabilities cleaned prior 3+ years ago are now again open all over,
techniques and methods utilized in the most simple analysis long ago are
again even more potent and valid now, and such resurrection of these basic
technologies and methods into the current (obviously less aware) common
reality might serve quite well at refreshing the memory of those who
produce software and so easily forget that their "new" toy/system was once
the epitome of 'amusement' as it was ripped to shreds years ago... But how
would they know?
There are two complications here now... The finding of all related archives
may be quite taxing, as everyone has lost or eliminated data and archives
over time, however, I believe it would be quite beneficial to re-up various
file and website archives for common education...
We know that ILF.net's drive failure lost a majority of the server long
ago, however, there are absolutely no public caches of the contents of this
VERY Significant host (in the history of technology)... Various other
archives have long since been taken offline, yet there is a HIGH
probability that the community may be able to recompile the majority of
archives and information.
Although in most probability, there will be holes in each individual
archive, there are no holes across the collaborative...
I will assume the owners of places like "Infinity Void" and whatnot still
have at least some remnants of these projects? ;) (I have parts of others,
but not much of anything any more...)
Now... Logic states that re-awakening these old projects will come with
some potential problems from many sides... Although they are mere files,
all of which can be hosted on one physical server easily, there is need for
some type of centralized and impervious (haven) location for this array of
The resulting logic is obvious... Especially with the heavy
cross-involvement of each of the old entities with various modern projects...
What sayist the community to such a pursuit? I believe it would be ideal in
the common interest, and do nothing less than benefit the community as a
whole. (Even if limited in capability, such old code and archives may
easily serve both the (re?)education and nostalgia of the community...)
Shall we find all these old drives and ship data somewhere for an archive
to be parsed and sites resurrected?
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2000-09-27 16:24:52
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
[If this is a duplicate, I appologise, ssz didnt accept first attempt ]
-=|[ Relevance: Backdoor Systems, Spook penetration Tools, etc... ]|=-
I believe it would be good to throw in some additional toys for analysis:
Recently (many months ago) we came across a version of the TSAdBot system,
produced by Conducent (  ), which very easily
utilized its given backdoors in various windows {95,98,98b,NT5/2000,etc}
installations, heedless of any 3rd party security or protection system.
In short, we watched this little deamon run streight through the first tier
of Win 'security' and then begin iterative/enumerative analysis of registry
entries at system level to conjure up a coherent (probibly bitmapped and
cyphered) representation of the os and installed components, then to be
sent off to a central server, which responeded back with the algo for the
next level of penetration. Truthfully, with publicly available tools, you
can watch the TsAdBot system and its multi-purpose components rip streight
through your system, 'compromise' all personal and internal data in your
registry, and then proceed to interact with its central control server for
next-phase penetration instructions. Upon completion of this first task,
the infiltration system is housed nicely amongst core system dll and other
files, has numerous tautologic registry routes to ensure its stability and
operation, and is among the first systems to be loaded by the os upon next
boot... What it does while running? How should we know, it merely does ADVERTISING,
right? ;)
One version we analysed used a variety of old methods of simple ghosting
and self-protection mechanisms, including a killable daemon which told the
higher level system (which, after 3rd pass of infiltration, your user-level
tools are no longer able to see within the win system components it has
compromised) of its demise, thus allowing the higher-functioning code --
running invisbly in most of your systems at this moment -- to maintain its
spooky existance.
Various tactful methods are used by the system to be self-supporting;
TsAdBot easily penetrates low-level system bounds (admin level/passwds/etc)
and starts acting at the system level upon the commencement of its
operation, but also uses a variety of hidden features (cloning,
self-checking, and self-protecting mechanisms) to ensure its stability, but
moreso used an interesting mechanism of registry re-routing that allowed
the penetration code to be nestled within any number of system components,
yet not visible due to cyphered and other round-about routes of accessing
and activating itself upon reboot.
In short, within a few flops, this system penetrates windows security and
lodges at least one copy of itself in 'untouchable' space, contacts
external servers for second phase penetration instructions, and moreso,
disguises itself as a simple ADVERTISING CLIENT in most major software
We recall what happened to Aureate systems when they were disclosed,
however, Conducent seems to have some additional support structures... How
else would they know the intentional m$ provided backdoors, and moreso been
able to easily introduce the package into 90% of business workstations and
personal computers without the assistance of some overbearing entity?
Now, I state here basic overview, possibly 'speculation' and nothing more.
You are expected to review the various versions of this advanced Conducent
system and its reality. Note: The version I worked with primarily was
recovered a few months ago, and no formal report has been made regarding
its mechanisms. Do note, especially, their press releases... such things as stating that
the method and strange communication are harmless to the user, and other
such bullshit which is most obviously frivilous sheep-talk.
most of the articles I recall are still on their website.
I would quote directly, but this is already a heavy message.
Of other notes, Vmware and bochs/etc have imaging of fake drives, How about
someone using their brain and runing some simulations on various versions?
Simple code reversing is not that complex either. I personally won't go
there at this second, but would be happy to inform anyone interested in the
pursuit... Its not hard to map out and reverse a process... This is a
fairly well coded operation and system, and it serves its purpose to
penetrate your computer security quite well, however, there is nothing we
cant fix, and this, dear friends, is something the non-affiliated public
should very quickly act upon.
Note: I have not analysed the current TsAdBot systems nor any other from
this source recently, as their internal structure, mechanisms, or versions
may have changed, but, I definitely still have on record a variety of the
old versions for analysis... Its merely an advertising client, isnt it?...
Regardless, the listing of software which uses the system is quite easily
accessable on their site, including demo packages and whatnot for review.
I strongly suggest, if you value the integrity of your winx systems, that
you not run any programs on it until you have reviewed the realities. You
probibly already have, though...
I leave it at that. Open for 'speculation' and 'review'... however I expect
'review' to be quite a prominant element in the near future.
Good day, dear friend sheeps :)
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
[SideNote: Originally, the code looked like something the FBfeds would come
up with, but after more recent review, I truthfully cant speculate on the
origin, its merely code, but talking to centralized servers and being so
obvious is now a common trait of most of the organizations...]

@_date: 2000-09-27 16:29:42
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CDR: Re: Lions and Tigers and Backdoors, oh, my... 
-=|[ Relevance: Backdoor Systems, Spook penetration Tools, etc... ]|=-
I believe it would be good to throw in some additional toys for analysis:
Recently (many months ago) we came across a version of the TSAdBot system,
produced by Conducent (  ), which very easily
utilized its given backdoors in various windows {95,98,98b,NT5/2000,etc}
installations, heedless of any 3rd party security or protection system.
In short, we watched this little deamon run streight through the first tier
of Win 'security' and then begin iterative/enumerative analysis of registry
entries at system level to conjure up a coherent (probibly bitmapped and
cyphered) representation of the os and installed components, then to be
sent off to a central server, which responeded back with the algo for the
next level of penetration. Truthfully, with publicly available tools, you
can watch the TsAdBot system and its multi-purpose components rip streight
through your system, 'compromise' all personal and internal data in your
registry, and then proceed to interact with its central control server for
next-phase penetration instructions. Upon completion of this first task,
the infiltration system is housed nicely amongst core system dll and other
files, has numerous tautologic registry routes to ensure its stability and
operation, and is among the first systems to be loaded by the os upon next
boot... What it does while running? How should we know, it merely does ADVERTISING,
right? ;)
One version we analysed used a variety of old methods of simple ghosting
and self-protection mechanisms, including a killable daemon which told the
higher level system (which, after 3rd pass of infiltration, your user-level
tools are no longer able to see within the win system components it has
compromised) of its demise, thus allowing the higher-functioning code --
running invisbly in most of your systems at this moment -- to maintain its
spooky existance.
Various tactful methods are used by the system to be self-supporting;
TsAdBot easily penetrates low-level system bounds (admin level/passwds/etc)
and starts acting at the system level upon the commencement of its
operation, but also uses a variety of hidden features (cloning,
self-checking, and self-protecting mechanisms) to ensure its stability, but
moreso used an interesting mechanism of registry re-routing that allowed
the penetration code to be nestled within any number of system components,
yet not visible due to cyphered and other round-about routes of accessing
and activating itself upon reboot.
In short, within a few flops, this system penetrates windows security and
lodges at least one copy of itself in 'untouchable' space, contacts
external servers for second phase penetration instructions, and moreso,
disguises itself as a simple ADVERTISING CLIENT in most major software
We recall what happened to Aureate systems when they were disclosed,
however, Conducent seems to have some additional support structures... How
else would they know the intentional m$ provided backdoors, and moreso been
able to easily introduce the package into 90% of business workstations and
personal computers without the assistance of some overbearing entity?
Now, I state here basic overview, possibly 'speculation' and nothing more.
You are expected to review the various versions of this advanced Conducent
system and its reality. Note: The version I worked with primarily was
recovered a few months ago, and no formal report has been made regarding
its mechanisms. Do note, especially, their press releases... such things as stating that
the method and strange communication are harmless to the user, and other
such bullshit which is most obviously frivilous sheep-talk.
most of the articles I recall are still on their website.
I would quote directly, but this is already a heavy message.
Of other notes, Vmware and bochs/etc have imaging of fake drives, How about
someone using their brain and runing some simulations on various versions?
Simple code reversing is not that complex either. I personally won't go
there at this second, but would be happy to inform anyone interested in the
pursuit... Its not hard to map out and reverse a process... This is a
fairly well coded operation and system, and it serves its purpose to
penetrate your computer security quite well, however, there is nothing we
cant fix, and this, dear friends, is something the non-affiliated public
should very quickly act upon.
Note: I have not analysed the current TsAdBot systems nor any other from
this source recently, as their internal structure, mechanisms, or versions
may have changed, but, I definitely still have on record a variety of the
old versions for analysis... Its merely an advertising client, isnt it?...
Regardless, the listing of software which uses the system is quite easily
accessable on their site, including demo packages and whatnot for review.
I strongly suggest, if you value the integrity of your winx systems, that
you not run any programs on it until you have reviewed the realities. You
probibly already have, though...
I leave it at that. Open for 'speculation' and 'review'... however I expect
'review' to be quite a prominant element in the near future.
Good day, dear friend sheeps :)
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
[SideNote: Originally, the code looked like something the FBfeds would come
up with, but after more recent review, I truthfully cant speculate on the
origin, its merely code, but talking to centralized servers and being so
obvious is now a common trait of most of the organizations...]

@_date: 2001-08-03 18:03:26
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CodeRed Fix 
Greetings all...
I ask a simple and profoundly obvious question... With eeye and others releaseing codeRed src almost a month ago, has anyone
bothered to modify the worm and bother distributing (by force) the file
checked by the current worm which will suppress its operation?
This is such an obvious fix, however noone seems to have yet had a clue to
do it?
Now that some of my boxes are being bothered with CRed noise, I'm prone to
creating a secondary replacement worm, mass distributing it, and using it
to squelch the bullshit of this one... If that many can be infected by using a psuedo-random sequence, this could
be easily traced or more effectively a far more effective sequencing
pattern for the disbersal could be utilized... Moreso, if noone is competant to have yet done this, can anyone provide an
EXTREMELY stable high-load capacity box which can accept reporting of
infected hosts? -- This would be highly useful in the target analysis of
the worm's progress... Granted, this is a distributed infiltration mechanism, however, I somehow
doubt the stateside feds and other morons would be contradicting of ceasing
a distributed attack, even if we do not bother to stop the wh.gov
targeting... It's wasting our resources, hastling all of us, etc.
So... two things:
A:	 Has anyone bothered to do this yet.
B:	 If I am personally gonna have to deal with this bs, can anyone offer a
logging-server target to send reports to?
I shall await reply to the CDR lists, or direct to "Wilfred at Cryogen.com" ...

@_date: 2001-08-03 18:48:43
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CodeRed Fix B 
I have found no obvious work on fixes yet... Resolve: Time to fix this annoyance and be done with it.
Need a "Simple" set of *instructions* to "paste" a line to apache/etc
server control settings so that other individuals who are running an
apache/etc server may cease "attacks" on their boxes. Basicly, I request
from the community a simple set of 1.2.3.4.. style instructions which will
allow apache/etc admins to redirect the /stupid.ida requests to a cgi or
another operation (Cgi easiest to implement) which will then both report
the assault to a central server (mine) and send a sequence of infallable
retaliation worms (or multiple instances of one) to the 'evil' box (simple
cgi open socket/etc) and therefore target and cease the moronic box's noise.
Additionally, this design would require a 'heavy' server which accepts
connections via tcpip GET on port 80 (known pass-through for fwall due to
problem itself) of a simple report, most probibly /aa.bb.cc.dd/ee.ff.gg.hh
or similar reporting that a..d has been fixed by e..h ... log of all
connection feeds would be sufficient, need box.
This is problematic, as us-fed and international authorities may percieve
this logging operation as authorization to attack *it* as a
threat...(idiots) This bullshit shall not be tolerated, therefore I suggest
and request a server be made available in a politicly and logisticly
neutral realm. Havenco have any interest in testing available bw/connection capability?
Anyone else?
I shall personally produce both a basic cgi and a revision of this VERY LOW
QUALITY worm code for distribution shortly, unless someone informs that
such has already been completed.
Note, the quality of the code is horrible, im not gonna optimize it, but
it's just VERY badly written. Too bad the origin cant even code an attack
correctly, more bad is the fact that SOMEONE cant even code an os/server
correctly... Oh well.
The motivation is to both squelch by voluntary operation (from
script-capable servers) any hostile attacks on these private boxes, but
also neutralize quickly this annoyance.
It will be expected that the next generation of annoyances will eliminate
the file-crosscheck mechanisms, and will thus require a complete system
penetration to disable and isolate the server... Sorry M$hit, but your
failures warrent elimination of your products by force. Your failures
threaten the operation of the global data infrastructure, we eliminate your
software from operation (since it has already been disabled prior this
We may tend to this as it comes...
Assuming noone has completed this task, I will tend to coding this basic
fix now, and hopefully someone will come forward with a central logging
system capable of post-process analysis review.
Additionally, it will be requested that all isp/datasec admins allow full
outgoing packet flow to this target box/array for single-direction
reporting. It is probible that a large number of "firewalled" failures in
corporate networks are creating additional annoyances, all requiring fix.
The cgi response script, if utilized, can have the option of reporting,
reporting what, etc for compatibility with security issues.
As for the wh.gov attack... I could care less. If these morons and their
excess of IC and technical resources can not come up with such a basic fix
and remedy, why should we care about their interests? Moronics not tolerated.
So... Can someone please prepare an instruction of how to set apache and other
servers up to route /*n.threat requests to a cgi/script/module/etc so we
can immediately release this remedy...
Im sick of the level of stupidity in this world. Time to start replacing
the failed components.
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-08-04 00:24:48
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CodeRed Fix Prepared (20 mins) 
[00.00 EST, 04.08.2001; 11.35 EST 03.08.2001 to now (release).]
I just spent 20-30 mins doing a basic tweak of the CodeRed worm. I need now a known faulty IIS server (or list thereof) preferably with
admin to track the success of the process.
The tweaked code basicly fixes a couple flow sequences, sends a packet to a
loggerbox, and then utilizes the worm's capabilities for distribution and
neutralisation... I would like to test this (mostly to ensure box isnt eliminated if it might
still have the capacity to do something else) on a known target quickly, so
if anyone has a suitable simulation target, please contact me directly.
Obviously, we need to confirm the successful operation, and ensure it does
indeed stall the codeRed process... If anything, this will merely head off any not-yet-bothered servers, but
will at least lock out the old codeRed worm from further propogation.
I may be inclined to construct a more advanced derivative (As this code is
SEVERELY horrible, CR could be done successfully in half the weight) which
would allow shutdown of targets within the faulty M$ servers and other
various hostiles, though not a high priority in any regard. Is there
value/worth for this?
Also, would like to allow for accurate logging, so need a target box which
can accept connections for monitoring, caida/etc as others have suggested
would be ideal, though contact is required with/from them or another party.
I have some basic scripts which can be used to clean out any originating
server, basicly 5 line pump scripts for perl to feed the cleaner worm back
to the noisy server.
This is a quick fix, but will at least quiet down the adverse and excess
traffic and noise... It is self-limiting, and will not propogate from
previously-cleaned boxes.
So, if we can have a couple targets and ensure it works, we can then help
out this hastle effectively... I wouldnt mind a controlled simulation with
mutual intent of both cleaning as well as simulation/analysis in the real
world... We need this.
Till someone's response with a target/etc :)
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-08-04 11:13:23
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: CodeRed Fix ~ Logistics 
References: <3.0.3.32.20010803180326.0154af78
Valid points, though I open for discussion the following logistic issues:
Though the various new policies of various political bodies may have
fluctuated recently, historicly there has been a loophole for which an
attacked entity can respond with due intent to cease the attack via
appropriate means.
In this case, I see random IIS servers "attacking" my server, as do others.
With this being the case, and their initiation of transaction, it should be
appropriate to cease their inappropriate activities.
This would dictate a mechanism capable of ceasing the origin of the attack,
in this case, defective code in the IIS servers.
My impression, is that direct isolation of an attacking facility for
disabling purposes only, with intent to maintain the stability of the
attacked host/subnet is well within historic legal bounds.
Inversely, has there been any alteration of this policy recently? What is
the current situation?
... On the other hand, I wouldnt be contrary to the development of a
breach-utilizing derivative of the TSADBot systems and their fed-protected
recon capabilities and transparent m$ security, combined with various inlet
portals in typical security faults, and capable of directed and automated
"Cleaning" of dysfunctional machines. Basicly, the ultimate breach system
with intent of eliminating future braches. (We've done this for high
security networks, server arrays, etc,) however a mass implementation with
intent to fix or replace defective product code would be highly effective.
What say the world to doing things right for once? "Baaah."
Oh well.
Again, response regarding policy issues would be appreciated.
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-08-05 21:30:51
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Yahoo - Code Red foreshadows evolution of cyber 
Well, if "code red", most easily identified by buffer string 'N' is now
gone, care to address the issue of what this 'X' version is? -- Mine was a
'W' for obvious reasons, but was never released openly... What say the
fed/M$/etc to reality now?

@_date: 2001-08-05 21:49:15
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Code-I Moronics 
[ Re: Code-255RandomCharacters. ]
Ok, Time to fix this correctly.
Someone already upgraded the old one, at least 2 others have been released
recently... I personally do NOT tolerate M$ products to do anything relevant in my
environment, so if anyone can help us out by answering a few questions, we
will have to fix M$ the hard way... First, does the IIS server have any auto-update mechanism, if so, is this
dictated by a moronic registry value, variable setting, etc?
If not, what is the quickest and most effective method to update (by hand
and manual access) an IIS server installation?
Are there any alternate methods than [this] to update the IIS server software?
Other Suggestions?
[ Yes, creation of exe on disk or in process, get of file from m$, and
running of it with /autobullshit would work too. ]
Now, for any competant individual on this planet, you would already realize
that the intent now, if i feel like wasting time fixing the rest of the
world's incompetance, is to generate a forceful update and force all of
these foolish IIS servers to reinstall the newer version (with only a few
less problems)... At the rate of ideal propogation, this security breach and hastle can be
remedied in full in less than a week. I would strongly suggest an open
petition of inquiry as to why msoft is so incapable of basic software design.
In this regard, I see at least 8 totally independant mechanisms of
completing this process, however, because I personally do not tolerate
moronics, I will not personally create additional code until someone gives
me a good reason to do so.
Unless, of course, everyone continues to fail, I may waste the time, in
which case i will need an individual in a politicly and logisticly neutral
environment who has a simple modem, to instantiate the fix.
Inversely, if everything fails, we eliminate the servers from operation. A
far better solution.
All I shall do is provide operational code, if so desired. Im not up for
the bullshit that will result from other antics.
So, anyone care to fix the world, or shall we all play incompetant sheep as
always and give no heed to the potential benefits of doing something
relevant or competant for once in our lives?
I leave you with this... -Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-01-05 20:03:02
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: NSA LookingGlass Facility (media) 
jan 05 2001
News article referencing NSA lookingglass facility, etc... Of both general,
technical, "esch--" and location oriented interest.
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-01-06 19:17:53
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: FWD from W@C.c: NSA abandons wondrous stuff 
References: -=|[ NASA/NSA and PARI, etc ]|=-
Of first note, remind me not to use any fool 'send this to friend'
buttons... :) -- sorry for message weight above...
Secondly, has anyone done the simple mapping and can post a terraserver
link for the facility itself?
Additionally, although located off "Government Road" out in the forrest,
there are a number of other facilities in that area, due east, we have
lookingGlass mountain and whatnot (with related facilities), due west a
short distance is one of the new facilities (for nsa), within proximinity
are prooving and operations grounds for numerous other entities, and
although nicely centralized, if they are transfering the old nasa facility
to a private entity (although with logistic lockdown), it is
logical/feasible that other such facilities will be becoming available in
the near future? -- theres not much use for them now...
Has anyone compiled a 'theorhetical' list or set of basic maps that outline
the physical presence of various entities for public review? This would be
an interesting project now, especially with the open-ness of public
sat/aerial photography, as well as the availability and non-cold-war type
security and new potential for visitors to see the places...
Sidenote: article references an 'exchange' of the astronomers' previous
land to DOD/NSA, possibly such is an interesting facet for potential research?
I would though, like to see an archive and index/lookup of all facilities,
their operations, interactions, etc, just for education/ammusement,
especially with the most recent phase of declassification, im sure 'public
enlightenment' is a high priority of our grey-realm friends... Anyone want
to toss together a script, or provide a host for something i'll easily
build to accomodate the info?
Anyways, back to other ammusements :)
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
welcome any

@_date: 2001-01-13 00:25:18
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: NONSTOP Crypto Query 
References: <20010112225629.A26805
-=|[ duuh... ]|=-
"NONSTOP" is moreso a protocol and general criteria for operations. It is
not soley restricted to physical, TEMPEST, hij/abduct, intel, crypto, or
any other specific protection mechanism.
NONSTOP is more a general idea and concept, with implications and
implementations across all interrelated elements which probibly 'shouldn't
JYA has an email from me directly with more basic info/'theory'. (he will
review and use whatever content desired thereof)
You note NONSTOP"" with hijack type associated logic... Although these
phrases refer to some unknown ic/dod/etc protocols, it is also quite well
founded in reality... NONSTOP protections prevent hijack. End of point. How? Research this.
A previous cp CDR message about a year ago referenced HIJACK/NONSTOP
training at the afb in san-antonio TX... It had TEMPEST shielding protocol
as a parallel course to NONSTOP... Any logical speculation as to why?

@_date: 2001-07-16 23:05:05
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: BUSINESS  PROPOSAL(URGENT) Bullshit 
Though the name, origin isp, info, sender, etc are all coherent. Too bad its highly implausible for such contact in reality... I wouldn't
even be adverse to countering political usurption, regardless of party,
benefits, and help out...
Oh well.

@_date: 2001-07-24 16:19:06
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Persistance of [was: Urgent Business Proposal.] 
This is like the 30th Nigerian bullshit solicitation in the last 2 weeks.
I wish someone would just go down there and clear the assholes out so their
country can regain some sort of integrity... Possibly when G8 is done, the forces can be sent to africa to bonk the
fraudsters with canisters over the head or something.
or, possibly, they can be led to solicit themselves to all fly to the us
where they will be instantly arrested for doing ungood, as opposed to
recent ruskiis who engage intellectual activities (which though are
distasteful due to finances) and are now suppressed... Too bad... What a disgraceful world...

@_date: 2001-03-30 19:46:16
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: [null] (Meeting Techniques) 
References: Basicly, the reality suggests that you should assume everything and
anything is known by any party interested. The complexities of this
knowledge and correlation database are far more vast than your
comprehension of yourself. Assume All is known.
Based on this, any highly-public or open location is best suited for
discussions on theorhetical or conceptual activities, however the
assumption here is that your ability to cognise and PRODUCE/ACTIVATE the
desired operation is far supperior than the ability of the 'others' to
deduce your operations.
You work on your primary project or activity, they must deal with a far
more vast structure of heirchy or tactical information. Your internal logic
and connections with your affiliates is a direct link at higher complexity
than the surface appearance. "What exactly did he mean by that?" Is the key
question that will arise in an external analysis. You comprehend what you
do, they must deduce it before comprehending.
On the inverse, any attempt to disguise or 'hide' activities will generate
additional interest in the thing, due to technologies available, there are
very few "secure" environments or capacities in which to disguise or ghost
operations. You may assume that any attempt to hide will result in more
expediant review and higher concentrations of resources (intellectual or
otherwise) expended on your analysis.
Unless you have a perfect environment, which with current techology on the
public market, none such exist (no less that tech which we have not
formally seen).
Therefore the intellectual war becomes truely intellectual. Who can
produce, accomplish, or otherwise activate the desired operation in a
manner supperior to another?
In context, it is your head against mine. If you stimulate my interest by
hiding, you reduce your obscurity. If you do not waste my time and tell me what you are doing (which I can
deduce within a short duration of analysis), then no undue heed will be
taken to your activities, other than a routine analysis and notation. ["I"
is conceptual]
The existance of reality is based on a ballence. This must be sustained so
as to not disrupt the perceptions of "sheep" or "good"/"bad" ... If you
have a legitimate antagonistic project, your activities may be more
desirable than not. If you stimulate 'competition' or whatnot, your chances
of success are far higher than being eliminated due to unknown motivations
for doing something. Intellectia is the goal, there is no reason to hide,
there is reason to do, effeciently.
Contrary, if you have a production project, it would be best to utilize
semi-secure mediums and context so your low-level competitors do not usurp
your work. On the broader spectrum, any competant logistic or intellectual
activity will be reconstructable by infinitely many parties. Assume they
know what you do, and strive to do something new rather than waste
everyone's time hiding or suppressing common knowledge.
All is known. Technology prevents total secrecy. Conceptual secrecy is the
remaining factor, and the utilization of this concept is of highest
importance in any activity.
Can you function quicker, more efficiently, or more optimally than others?
If you are concerned about the others and are not dilusional, then you have
a high chance of completing the operation in a far more ideal manner.
Let be known what will be known, however if something is more advanced than
common comprehension, keep it quiet, yet not evasive in proportion, and
allow reality to flow. The chances that others can reproduce what you think
of in YOUR head as effectively as you can think on your own, is highly
unlikely with 'current' technology.
As such, ignore the threat of others' knowledge, your perception of this is
dilusional. If you know it, someone else does. If you came up with it, it
is probible that at least some other entity was able to do the same thing.
If not, then you can expect to incorporate their capacities with your new
revelations. Such is modern reality.
Where is the best meeting place? -- Such is no longer relevant if all is
known. How you utilize your choice of meeting place definitely is.
In the pursuit of a competant reality...
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-10-14 18:11:23
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: tesla papers 
Lets just say, check out the staff list and 'reasoning' at  ... I doubt all would be classified military ppl with a scapegoat engineer if
there wasnt a reason... Also 'inductive thrust {capacator/generator/etc}' might be an effective
Note that em fields on power lines are significantly stronger, yet very
similar to those found around all physical objects, such as the earth,
etc... Relevance?
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2001-09-19 00:27:25
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: NIMDA / Moronic Feds. 
References: <200109182005.QAA15052
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
  <5.0.2.1.1.20010918093041.038e5150
  <200109182005.QAA15052
More worm derivatives... And to think we could have killed off all derivatives as well as all the
"harborer of incompetance" units long, long ago, but no... our wonderful
feds here in the states indicate that release of a repair bot (regardless
of where from) would be appropriate merit to be assholes and
arrest/imprison the simpleton sheep willing to fix other moronics and
prevent these horrendous antics... As my various servers are being hit at over a hundred persistant requests a
second, probibing for cmd.exe/etc and related failures in basic system
design... Too bad said boxes have never run faulty code.
Oh well... Who is actually at fault? Possibly the feds can again raise
their hands in this case, eh? ... Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-08-05 14:55:56
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Personal Mind Control Devices  
Looks like these could be the gateway to personalized mind control devices...
We all know about the various pattern components of neural cognition,
however, to have a personal device with such capabilities could not only
serve the psychostimulative purposes as suggested, but also prove as a
gateway accessor to lower-level cognition modifiers...
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
AIM/MSN/YP: "WilfredGuerin"
(New Orleans)

@_date: 2002-08-13 15:37:40
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: [WLG]: Regarding HAARP Technologies 
[Repost Openly.]
Though my knowledge of various technologies that are sometimes called
"HAARP" type weapons or technologies associated thereto due to
technological similarities is vast, some recent events should be thoroughly
examined and publicised in order to prevent large-scale mass-destruction
issues or stimulators of global conflict.
Let us start with an examination of fact:
Pull up NOAA Weather maps for the weeks around the 1st of August, 2002.
Notice a large "Tropical storm" in the northern Gulf Coast (South-eastern
USA), one that does not move for over a week.
Notice, in this storm development, that regardless of strong jetstream,
altitude winds to the east/etc in significant force for cloud motion in all
other regions in parallel fashion, this storm cluster did NOT move or
change physical arrangement for almost a whole week.
Note, in the storm layout, 3 distinct clusters of high-energy storms,
static in their position and relation to each other.
During this time period, *Vatican* arrives in New Orleans with full
enterage, after a trip through Mexico, and has both ground teams and
"highly relevant people" blanketing the city. So extensive were their
operations, that on numerous occasions in my wanderings through the
Quarter, was I almost hit by a speeding Vatican security transport vehicle.
Vatican had, at the least, 4 *Large* ships, and a number of "support"
vessels, off the coast of New Orleans and Biloxi (MS).
In addition, 4 independant religious groups had additional large vessels
within the same region, some "restocking" for missionary operations
southward, others with unknown relevance. (Not even including the typical
few hundred industrial and transport vessels.)
More Facts:
Historicly, the city of New Orleans has a number of significant social,
business, and mainly religious purposes.
New Orleans is founded as the Catholic and Protest churches of europe
engage large-scale war and whatnot, as a haven and secure location for the
storage of both the individuals of high religious significance and their
genetic lines, as well as a LARGE ammount of physical items "stolen" from
the religious facilities and placed away in safe keeping.
These facts of the city's history are public knowledge; charged with the
protectorate thereof, are a LARGE number of social organizations and
related business operations, of global scale, typically considered
"undesirable" entities for cover, many engagued in the global drug empires
and Stateside illicit operations {MOB/Mafia - type operations, covert
intel, counter-intel groups within the FBI, CIA, DEA/DOJ, etc
(Counter-FEDERAL), and a plethra of others. A large majority of corporate
research divisions and related high-industry are also logisticly controlled
from social central groups from/of this city. No less the Media industry.)
The religious implications, are that by definition in a LARGE number of
religious texts, ranging from the Bible through Far-East prophecies, and
all in between, the primary trigger to indicate the "End of the World" is
the *flooding* of a major city designed and charged with the protection and
safety of these various above things.
New Orleans, intentionally, is built below sea level, has a massive vault
and storage structure extending hundreds of feet below the old city, and
remains home to the majority of counter-intel operatives while not on
active duty, no less being a primary port of transport for narcotics
distribution into a majority of the US under federal operations (top level
pre-cut distribution).
I shall let you connect the logic here, but I suggest you review the
*latest* year's worth of mass-media content, most specificly, the Music and
Music Video industries.
Music Videos: the most effective distribution mechanism of concepts and
whatnot immediately into the core of the social population of the US/etc.
Let us check, for example, "Creed" "My Sacrifice" and related videos, their
website has the video available, if you don't see it elsewhere.
The theater, is "State Pallace Theater" (which in reality, currently has no
sign in front), the rest of the buildings there, are all Canal Street of
New Orleans, LA, USA.
Profetic? Not unless someone floods the city.
The relevance extends to approximately 80% of the current mass-media
releases, beit explicit video references such as this, or in
word-interpretation of the vocal tracks.
Now lets just say, with the culmination of a LOT of issues that week, would
it not be effective for such entities as christianity's largest church,
coupled with the current dictatorship of the USA, to effectively flood out
a religious-based city in order to start a massive religious war?
War is good for churchs. The current Nazi regime seems to be failing in
starting large-scale religious-motivated wars. ("Islam did it!")
Why not try to flood out a city of known significance? (Im concerned with
the numerous physical devices left both upstream and on the backwater by
the Vatican and their affiliates under religious guise, which most likely
include LARGE explosive charges.)
Now go back to your weather maps...
How, do tell, could 3 storms exist in exactly the same location and layout
for over a week naturally?
Now, if per chance, you stuck a stick vertically into a stream, would there
not be "trailing" ripples from doing such?
What if this "stick" is an artificial cloud generating apparatus or
resulting physical ramifications thereof?
Do you see windward trailing ripples in the satilite and weather imagry?
Now, granted I publicly started referencing these issues that week, and
directly to some of the priest-type people (Im not gonna say covert, but
they sure as hell weren't serving as tourists...) wandering around that
I'll leave out the rest of the more pertinant issues, and allow you to
ponder the above.
Ponder this publicly.
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-08-19 15:02:35
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: get me the fuck out of oz 
death to narnians
death to lookies
death to lambs and sheep
death to nosepickers
death to all others undesirable...
possibly even death to praetorians.
get me the fuck out of oz, and away from this god forsaken continent.
advise ultra-heavy response.
I hear the ukraine has nice dark portallous places and devices? Only a
suggestion. Any options other than south are viable.
-Wilfred Lee Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-08-20 12:25:47
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: [WLG] Hostile Threats, Wilfred Lee Guerin 
Too all recipients:
I have been threatened in a hostile manner on numerous occasions over the
past recent time period by numerous family members, whos associations are
extensive and include various undesirable parties both in New Orleans and
throughout the region.
There are currently family members

@_date: 2002-07-25 22:57:05
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Domain Usurption WRH >> ideal cleaning 
WhatReallyHappened.com USURPTION resolves to:
64.156.139.237 via 64.200.142.162 aka iicinternet.com
NOTE, this is FBI/usDoJ blockspace.
jobs at idealcleaningsvc.com or you can fax your resume to 516-352-0333.
Ideal Cleaning, nyc, ny, usa

@_date: 2002-06-15 04:36:52
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Emergency Indicators, Current Events 
[Please CC "Wilfred at Cryogen.com" all responses.]
In light of the forthcoming Tyrany/Dictatorship with the all-honest
fed-gestapo, and resulting from Fox's display of (attached image) upon the
takedown of their entire server array immediately after posting
*legitimate* inquiry/articles, I search and notice a severe lack of
publicised listings of the conventional emergency indicator images, the old
cold-war type warning symbols, and there is absolutely no publication
(disappeared, with a *heck* of a lot of other "safety" and
counter-hostility information) of any of the response directives, nor can
we find openly a listing of the symbols and their interpretations
whatsoever... This, along with the current events and other issues, indicate a heightened
expectation for public outcry with the forthcoming events, some of which
are apparently delayed/late, as the common populus has not yet revolted
about the oil profit federal terrorists, nor other issues... The concern, is for the 40% population who comprehends the existance of
emergency response protocol, and the 2% that will actually do something
about it, there is absolutely no publications currently with any
information on this topic. FEMA has eliminated print/stock, the nuke
warning symbols are still posted, but only for power-plant issues. CD/etc
are all whitewashed... Now, with this said... I know this symbol (from Fox) as being a warning
that the xmit arrays and content feeds have been compromised... It has been
standard since half a centuary ago... Applied, theorhetically, to the
server array, if corporate isnt under siege.
Now in the current time of war, when most of this is actually going to be
put to use for the first time, and we need it (prior, of course, to going
to the concentration camps (see '90's policy)) ... it is very obvious that
*someone*gestapo*terrorist*feds* has eliminated virtually all digital
information on all emergency, logistic, and any other related topic
whatsoever... Google looses content constantly, we know what happened to
archive.org's repositories from last fall, etc... And the only thing I have left of the CD/EMS indicators is an old photocopy
with a few of the generic decals... So what does a simple human do when entities start declaring omega
privleges in attempt to save the population?
Or have the doomsday logistics been effectively terminated by the feds as
I'm gonna bet hanging an amerikan flag upside down is now treason and
punnishable by on-site rifle blasts to the back of the head.
For discussion... -Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-06-15 04:39:00
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Emergency Indicators, Current Events 
[Please CC "Wilfred at Cryogen.com" all responses.]
In light of the forthcoming Tyrany/Dictatorship with the all-honest
fed-gestapo, and resulting from Fox's display of (attached image) upon the
takedown of their entire server array immediately after posting
*legitimate* inquiry/articles, I search and notice a severe lack of
publicised listings of the conventional emergency indicator images, the old
cold-war type warning symbols, and there is absolutely no publication
(disappeared, with a *heck* of a lot of other "safety" and
counter-hostility information) of any of the response directives, nor can
we find openly a listing of the symbols and their interpretations
whatsoever... This, along with the current events and other issues, indicate a heightened
expectation for public outcry with the forthcoming events, some of which
are apparently delayed/late, as the common populus has not yet revolted
about the oil profit federal terrorists, nor other issues... The concern, is for the 40% population who comprehends the existance of
emergency response protocol, and the 2% that will actually do something
about it, there is absolutely no publications currently with any
information on this topic. FEMA has eliminated print/stock, the nuke
warning symbols are still posted, but only for power-plant issues. CD/etc
are all whitewashed... Now, with this said... I know this symbol (from Fox) as being a warning
that the xmit arrays and content feeds have been compromised... It has been
standard since half a centuary ago... Applied, theorhetically, to the
server array, if corporate isnt under siege.
Now in the current time of war, when most of this is actually going to be
put to use for the first time, and we need it (prior, of course, to going
to the concentration camps (see '90's policy)) ... it is very obvious that
*someone*gestapo*terrorist*feds* has eliminated virtually all digital
information on all emergency, logistic, and any other related topic
whatsoever... Google looses content constantly, we know what happened to
archive.org's repositories from last fall, etc... And the only thing I have left of the CD/EMS indicators is an old photocopy
with a few of the generic decals... So what does a simple human do when entities start declaring omega
privleges in attempt to save the population?
Or have the doomsday logistics been effectively terminated by the feds as
I'm gonna bet hanging an amerikan flag upside down is now treason and
punnishable by on-site rifle blasts to the back of the head.
For discussion... -Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-06-15 04:42:06
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Emergency Indicators, Current Events 
[Please CC "Wilfred at Cryogen.com" all responses.]
In light of the forthcoming Tyrany/Dictatorship with the all-honest
fed-gestapo, and resulting from Fox's display of (attached image) upon the
takedown of their entire server array immediately after posting
*legitimate* inquiry/articles, I search and notice a severe lack of
publicised listings of the conventional emergency indicator images, the old
cold-war type warning symbols, and there is absolutely no publication
(disappeared, with a *heck* of a lot of other "safety" and
counter-hostility information) of any of the response directives, nor can
we find openly a listing of the symbols and their interpretations
whatsoever... This, along with the current events and other issues, indicate a heightened
expectation for public outcry with the forthcoming events, some of which
are apparently delayed/late, as the common populus has not yet revolted
about the oil profit federal terrorists, nor other issues... The concern, is for the 40% population who comprehends the existance of
emergency response protocol, and the 2% that will actually do something
about it, there is absolutely no publications currently with any
information on this topic. FEMA has eliminated print/stock, the nuke
warning symbols are still posted, but only for power-plant issues. CD/etc
are all whitewashed... Now, with this said... I know this symbol (from Fox) as being a warning
that the xmit arrays and content feeds have been compromised... It has been
standard since half a centuary ago... Applied, theorhetically, to the
server array, if corporate isnt under siege.
Now in the current time of war, when most of this is actually going to be
put to use for the first time, and we need it (prior, of course, to going
to the concentration camps (see '90's policy)) ... it is very obvious that
*someone*gestapo*terrorist*feds* has eliminated virtually all digital
information on all emergency, logistic, and any other related topic
whatsoever... Google looses content constantly, we know what happened to
archive.org's repositories from last fall, etc... And the only thing I have left of the CD/EMS indicators is an old photocopy
with a few of the generic decals... So what does a simple human do when entities start declaring omega
privleges in attempt to save the population?
Or have the doomsday logistics been effectively terminated by the feds as
I'm gonna bet hanging an amerikan flag upside down is now treason and
punnishable by on-site rifle blasts to the back of the head.
For discussion... -Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com
[demime 0.97c removed an attachment of type image/gif which had a name of sec_emergency02.gif"; x-mac-type="47494666"; x-mac-creator="4A565752]

@_date: 2002-06-19 02:45:27
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: Castro NewYorker Add (Room Lists) 
In regard to the NewYorker add... I believe the complete floor-list is as follows: (the 3823-back hall is
most relevant.)
SUITE		
3800 (Balcony) 	"The Real World"
3801 (Conference Center)
3802	"Entities who wish to further Humanity"
3803	"Proactive Entities"
3804	"Competant People"
3806-3814	"Signs: 'PROHIBITED BY AMERIKAN POLICY, REPORT TO YOUR ASSIGNED
CONCENTRATION FACILITIES, (per execuitive order 3815	"NA - International IC"
3816	"NA - International IC"
3817	"NA - International IC"
3818	"NA - International IC"
3819	"Mossad"
3820	"?"
3821	"CIA"
3822	"Castro"
3823	"FBI"
3824	"Fake Terrorists"
3827	"Commies"
3825	"Bush's Financial Advisor"
3826	"Oil Companies Consortium, (also representing those interested in
financial profits only)."
3828	"Nazis"
3829	"Bush"
3830	[Cordoned off, apparently black hole to largest consumer of
combustable fuel products, extreme negative altitude.]
Just a Guess... Worth the 30 seconds to write it out...
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-06-20 20:51:42
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: McVeigh is Islamic Terrorist?  
Oh yes, and the truely convincing propoganda flows... Tim McVeigh is an Islamic Terrorist... Yes In Deed, a Deed for oil stock.
Possibly it is time to realize he is actually a FBI affiliate, and go to
the munitions store, can someone come pick me up?
I'm not exactly in a position to be the last taken to the concentration
camps, yaknow... Till the next issue...
-Wilfred L. Guerin
Wilfred at Cryogen.com

@_date: 2002-06-25 15:06:50
@_author: Wilfred L. Guerin 
@_subject: $US$ Financial Termination, Implications? 
Here is the treasury info:
DATA: [day# \t value, in millions $$ us]
128	5903323
129	5908064
130	5919484
133	5919899
134	5921164
135	5947373
136	5949975
137	5949975
138	5949975
139	5949975
175	5949975
176	5949975
The mandatory debt cap is 5,950,000.
This is OBVIOUSLY not a legitimate numerical representation. Standard
derivative increase is expected. (Reality)
Upon breach of this value, federal govt shuts down, and a bunch of problems
ensue... Anyone with knowledge on the topic care to explain?
What actually is SUPPOSED to happen? What WILL happen?
As elucidated also here:
-Wilfred L. Guerin
