
@_date: 2001-11-27 17:13:44
@_author: William Hitzke 
@_subject: pipenet padding 
i'm constructing a pipenet application and
one of the biggest headaches is traffic padding.
end-to-end traffic padding is too costly, so its outta the question.
another similar problem to traffic padding is connection establishment
and tear-down. w/o significant enough traffic, you can't
really do it in mixmaster style.
my idea for link padding (between adjacent nodes/switches)
started w/ the idea of a bi-di 14400 bps, to make hosting an
anonnet server (my pipenet implementation) palatable to the
person who cuts the checks for bandwidth (such as myself).
14400 connections would force people to open many connections
for, say, looking at a website (multiple connections for the page,
images, etc). this would help w/ the mixmaster connection requests,
and allow hosters to better control bandwidth.
then i thought about allowing multiple "virtual links" to be connected
at the end node/receiver, so that traffic could be spread
across them. aside from latancy and ordering issues, this could
really up the through-put.
just recently (after reading an attack from wei dai on
the freedom network), i was thinking how these multiple "channels" could
be used to guard against the active attacks that are exposed
absent end-to-end padding.
if the traffic did not fill all the channels, and traffic was
randomly distributed across the channels, wouldn't/couldn't
this make attacks on the system much more difficult. especially
if different nodes randomly sent null packets to the receiver,
and vice-versa (to reduce possible collusion between the end node
and a middle node).
assuming the end node is trustworthy (more so than the set
of nodes used), then an attack on any link between the beginning
and end gives far less information to be used in tracing
a route, because its is unknown what the distributiuon of
traffic is.
it makes things more hairy, having to deal w/ out of
order packets (each single channel is still mac'd and sequenced
properly). but, it widens the security margins, no?
this design seems to me to be a win-win. it makes high[er]-throughput,
beneficial link padding possible, while (per the low
per-channel bandwidth cost) giving the host of a pipenet/anonnet
node more control (finer granularity) over traffic usage
thus making hosting less costly.
any comments, suggestions? i'm really looking for somebody
to tell me whether allowing multiple channels like this
exposts the design to more attacks than have been pointer
out w/ link padding schemes. otherwise, at the very least
it makes the application more practical.

@_date: 2001-11-28 15:47:09
@_author: William Hitzke 
@_subject: pipenet padding 
astiglic on Wed, Nov 28, 2001 at 04:49:53PM -0800
References: <5jd1u9.7eo.ln
  <003901c1786f$c2310520$6200a8c0
that's a *great* summary.
the attack summary leaves me thinking, tho:
if you take the pipenet model (w/ end-to-end padding replaced by
link padding), and layer on top of that a virtual circuit that is a
composite of multiple routes through the pipenet, than are you
not resistant to traffic analysis w/o being burdened by the risk of DoS?
rather than having a circuit being a single
route that can be easily analyzed, you utilize multiple routes,
and distribute traffic over those routes both in a fashion
meant to guard against passive latency attacks and route tracing,
but also capable (given cooperation between the end nodes) of
responding to active attacks on any sub-set of the routes?
this seems similar to the mix-net mentioned on page 4, but i
haven't read much on those. could somebody point to some material?
hmmmm, also, w/ multiple channels, you have more room
to randomly tear-down channels (rather than all at once).
if incoming traffic can be queued at the end node (which
i'm trying to do, so that even if somebody has lost all
channels, they have a small period of time to reconnect to
the end node and revive a session), you can reduce the benefit
of manipulating latancy within some fixed local time period
(at least for semi-realtime applications like http). iow,
how long is an attacker willing to wait for his manipulations
to manifest? it buys time for the network to react. i guess
the basic idea i have is to move away from a static,
synchronous network, and to utilize synchrnous routes w/ an
intelligent asynchronous layer on top.

@_date: 2001-11-28 16:02:41
@_author: William Hitzke 
@_subject: pipenet padding 
References: <5jd1u9.7eo.ln <003901c1786f$c2310520$6200a8c0
ahhh, nevermind 'bout request for info on mix-nets.... i mis-read.
i thought they were something new.
