
@_date: 1998-09-10 18:18:36
@_author: win at winwinwin.com 
@_subject: You and your guest could be the lucky winners. 
Win a FREE vacation at:                  *****  WIN A FREE VACATION  ****
You and your guest could be the lucky winners.
Through this online registration service, you may register daily for vacations to Puerto Vallarta, Disney World, Palm Springs, and many other With the help of our reputable Sponsors, winwinwin.com is pleased to offer this incredible Free Vacation Giveaway! There is no purchase necessary and entering the sweepstakes is easy.
Point your browser to  and register now!
This web site now uses "Cookies Technology".  What this means is that once you have successfully registered to win a Free Vacation, all of your information will be saved in our database, and as long as your "Cookies" are active you will not need to re-enter any information into the submit form.  Also, every time you visit one of our sponsors you will automatically be registered again to win a Free Vacation!  WOW!  A free entry every time you visit one of our sponsors!  So, please...  visit as many sponsors as you would like, because it will increase your chances of being chosen.
To our winners: we have made arrangements for you and someone special
to enjoy your choice of several FREE deluxe Hotel Accommodation Packages.
We are aware of the rigmarole of your complex and busy lives. That is why we have found a solution that will help ease your stress by allowing you the opportunity to choose from a selection of resort retreat-spots.
So, please... sit back and be free of worries! Take advantage of this free
online service. Who knows... before you know it, you might just be basking
on the beach or "playing it up" in Atlantic City.
You are welcome to come back and re-submit as often as you please, however
players are limited to only one entry per day (and NOW, you can re-submit
once per day per sponsor).
In return for this great service, we would like to ask that you please spread the word. There are plenty of vacations available...  please tell your friends and family to give us a visit.
Visit us at  today.
For more information or to get started as an authorized Sponsor of
WinWinWin.com, email us at sponsors at glaid.com. We will be glad to discuss
the entire program with you in detail and help you get started!
The WinWinWin.com Team
EMAIL:  info at winwinwin.com
WEB:
