
@_date: 1998-06-14 02:24:02
@_author: wingsaffiliate at neworleans.org 
@_subject: Aviation Internet Marketer 
Succeed by association with PILOT SHOPS, the hot new Aviation  Affiliate Opportunity from U.S.WINGS INC. U.S.Wings, Inc. is featured in the new, McGraw Hill book due out September 1:
"StrikingItRich.com: Profiles of 23 Incredibly Successful Websites...That You've Probably Never Heard Of"
by Jaclyn Easton
Foreword by Jeff Bezos, Founder & CEO, Amazon.com, Inc.
Become a PILOT SHOPS Affiliate today and I'll send you an autographed copy of the new book at my cost after September 1. The U.S Wings PILOT SHOPS affiliate program pays you 8.1/3 % on all sales referred from your site. All you have to do is display the GOLD WINGS logo and PILOT SHOPS link (below) on your main There's no risk and no cost. Your ongoing income could be The PILOT SHOPS offers an extensive line of genuine leather jackets, peacoats and aviation ball caps.  A line of Aviation theme T-shirts and computer mouse pads will be added in the next few weeks with plans to expand all lines as time progresses.
Please check it out.
Come shop at the...
Get started now and profit by association in the success in U.S. Wings, Inc.
Become a U.S. Wings PILOT SHOPS Affiliate today.
No cost. No risk. It's easy!
Simply REPLY with the information requested below. U.S. WINGS PILOT SHOPS   ~ Affiliate Application ~
    _X_  YES!  I wish to become a U.S Wings Pilot Shop Affiliate.
    _ _  Sorry. I cannot participate at this time.
    Company name:
    Contact name:
    Address:
    City:
    State/Province:
    Postal code:
    Country:
    URLs of your web sites:
    E-mail address of contact:
    Phone with area code:
    Comments / Questions:
Upon receiving your PILOT SHOPS application, U.S. Wings will email you an Associate ID which is to be substituted into the source code in the indicated position as described above...  that's it!  It's too easy.
Entry into the PILOT SHOPS will ONLY be through GOLD WINGS links on associates' web pages.  There will be no other direct access to the site! Get started now and begin sharing in U.S. Wings' phenomenal Best regards,
Sgt. Hack, CEO
U.S. Wings, Inc.
Pilot Shops Internet Affiliate Program
I hope you enjoyed reading about our new PilotShops.
However, if you'd rather not receive any future notices from US Wings, please send an e-mail message to mailto:no_no_thanku at mailexcite.com with DELETE in the Subject to be immediately removed from any future US Wings Aviation offerings.
Thank you.
