
@_date: 2011-10-20 11:43:10
@_author: Terry Winograd 
@_subject: [liberationtech] Stanford MobiSocial Seminar: Commotion, Democracy, 
(People interested should RSVP toB Darlene at csl.stanford.edu, to make
sureB there is
enough lunch.)
B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B MobiSocial Seminar
B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  Monday, October 24, 2011
B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B 12:15 PM, **Gates 415**
B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  Lunch will be served at Noon
"Commotion, Democracy, and Disruptive Technologies"
B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  B  Josh King
Commotion is an open source bdevice-as-infrastructureb communication
platform that challenges conventional communication infrastructures both
domestically and abroad. This new technology integrates usersb existing
cell phones, Wi-Fi enabled computers, and other wireless-capable
personal devices to create anonymous, peer-to-peer (mesh) communications
networks. Deployment of Commotion is potentially as valuable for
dissidents wishing to circumvent repressive regimes as for local
activists wishing to support autonomous, low-cost communicative spaces.
Josh King, lead technologist for the Open Technology Initiative at the
New America Foundation, will discuss the architecture, opportunities,
and challenges--both social and technical--of creating a distributed
secure network.
Josh King is technical lead for the Open Technology Initiative at the
New America Foundation. Prior to joining New America, he was a Systems
Engineer for OJC Technologies and also served as an Americorps VISTA
Leader. Josh volunteered as a lead technology worker within the
Indymedia movement in Central Illinois.
liberationtech mailing list
liberationtech at lists.stanford.edu
Should you need to change your subscription options, please go to:
If you would like to receive a daily digest, click "yes" (once you click above) next to "would you like to receive list mail batched in a daily digest?"
You will need the user name and password you receive from the list moderator in monthly reminders.
Should you need immediate assistance, please contact the list moderator.
Please don't forget to follow us on
