
@_date: 1996-12-31 20:07:21
@_author: Howard W Campbell 
@_subject: FinCEN reports from GAO 
A GAO report to congress "MONEY LAUNDERING- Progress Report on
Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network"(GAO/GGD-94-30) is
available  by snail mail free of charge for the first copy. All one
needs to do is cut-and-paste the form below and send it to the address provided. The report gives a general overview complete with a few details
describing methodologies. Of particular interest is the "Source
Database" which  "is designed to facilitate coordiation and cooperation
among agencies that might be investigating the same suspects. The
database serves as a central repository for information on suspects
requested from FinCEN as well as ..."
No doubt this will be part of the FAA/Airlines/Law enforcement data
matching scheme when it is eventually implemented. The second report(GAO/GGD -95-156) supposedly details changes that the
FinCEN people have suggested as needed improvements in the reporting
system. I just recently requested the second report and haven't read it. email to : orders at gao.gov
just fill out the name and address sections Customer ID Number*:
(* If using ID you ONLY need to provide your name)
(**See FAQ Section 2.1 - Customer ID - for details.)
First Name:      Last Name:
Room Street Address:
Country (if not USA):
----  DOCUMENT/REPORT NUMBERS
For example: HEHS-95-58 (You do not need to include leading
                                               DATE*
Report Report  -95-156
Report Report Report

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:07:59
@_author: Howard Campbell 
@_subject: fighting the cybercensor 
A recent publication "The Sovereign Individual"('97) discusses many of the issues discussed on Cypherpunks. The authors, James Dale Davidson and Lord William Rees-Mogg, sketch the likely totalitarian  scenarios that will emerge in the coming years. Just as we see every day in the media, they predict that we ain't seen nothing yet when it comes to the attempts to regulate cyberspace, cryptography,  and the content of online information. Portraying cellular phone triangulation as a public health concern, etc.,  are just the beginning. The authors also  paint a bleak picture for blanc's  'True Believer' types. They will continue to be milked "as a farmer milks his cows" while those with  techno-savvy and  'extranational' savoir faire will  grow wings and take their wealth and marketable skills to other jurisdictions where predatory taxmen and arbitrary civil forfeiture laws don't exist. The book is sort of Toffleresque, but written better and full of historical parallels that help the reader to understand social upheavals of the past and  how the demise of failing contemporary institutions are likely to affect Joe windowz95. Example: chapter 4- "The Last Days of Politics: Parallels Betwen the Senile Decline of the Holy Mother Church and the Nanny State".

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:57:47
@_author: Howard Campbell 
@_subject: fighting the cybercensor 
A recent publication "The Sovereign Individual"('97) discusses many of the issues discussed on Cypherpunks. The authors, James Dale Davidson and Lord William Rees-Mogg, sketch the likely totalitarian  scenarios that will emerge in the coming years. Just as we see every day in the media, they predict that we ain't seen nothing yet when it comes to the attempts to regulate cyberspace, cryptography,  and the content of online information. Portraying cellular phone triangulation as a public health concern, etc.,  are just the beginning. The authors also  paint a bleak picture for blanc's  'True Believer' types. They will continue to be milked "as a farmer milks his cows" while those with  techno-savvy and  'extranational' savoir faire will  grow wings and take their wealth and marketable skills to other jurisdictions where predatory taxmen and arbitrary civil forfeiture laws don't exist. The book is sort of Toffleresque, but written better and full of historical parallels that help the reader to understand social upheavals of the past and  how the demise of failing contemporary institutions are likely to affect Joe windowz95. Example: chapter 4- "The Last Days of Politics: Parallels Betwen the Senile Decline of the Holy Mother Church and the Nanny State".
