
@_date: 2019-12-10 03:18:25
@_author: WORLDwIDEwEBPros at cs.com 
@_subject: Simple java script will eliminate the right click function 
Answer :    To eliminate the right click function from Internet Explorer, Netscape, and Netscape 6.0, paste this simple JavaScript into your BODY tag on your page; Be sure to visit my website for more ideas, that I will gladly share. Yours Truly, Len Seider wORLDwIDEwEB Productions.com  Tel: 954-683-3269 Fax: 954-532-5542 Examine carefully - those with email addresses included WILL
trade links with you, you are encouraged to contact them. And,
there are many ways to build a successful business. Just look at
these successful sites/programs other members are involved in...
If you have a product, service, opportunity and/or quality
merchandise that appeals to people worldwide, reach your
target audience!
For a fraction of what other large newsletters charge you
can exhibit your website here for only $8 CPM. Why?...
Because as a valuable member we want you to be successful!
Order today - Exhibits are limited and published on a
first come, first serve basis. Visit these sites, look for what you like and any suggestions
you can offer, and send your critique to MyInput
And, after reviewing three sites, your web site will be added to
the list! It's fun, easy, and it's a great opportunity to give
some help and receive an informative review of your own site.
Plus, you can also win a chance to have y our site chosen for
a free website redesign. One randomly drawn winner each month!
SITES TO REVIEW:
Site   info at traces.nu
Site   April Williams
xena6 at bellsouth.net
Site   healthychoice at earthlink.net
Site   MDegaston at aol.com
Site   Carol Hall
carol at floridarental.co.uk
SITE  REVIEWED!
Comments on Site   N Venugopal Rao
nvengo at rediffmail.com
Not a bad site, it loaded reasonably quickly, and got to the point
right away.   Although the background was dark, the text
easy to read.   The site wants you to sign up for multiple
paid to
read email programs and predicts that you can earn $10,000 a month
if you market it properly.
However, it does not offer to replicate the site for you, which means
that it could be very hard to achieve that income, as you would have
to recruit mainly from friends and family, or build your own page.
This is perhaps the biggest drawback of the site, at least as far as
I am concerned.  If there were a way to replicate it, so the new
up could get credit for referrals, I think it would work better.
Great information on making money with free programs. Good
copy on how it all works. Would like a breakdown of which
companies paid the most to get that $10,000 a month.
On the edollars site, the content was good, but the layout and
design needs some work.  Try using a header size font for the
important stuff, like a header "How does this work?" and putting
the explanations in a smaller font. Use the same color font for all
headers, and one different color for all the text.  Put the links
to the
programs on a different page, but link to it both from your side
column menu and at the bottom of the home page after telling how
it works.
The banners at the bottom of the home page overlap, so you may
want to also create a link page, and trade links with other people
and also but banners for recommended programs there.
When you have a mailing list subscribe form, it is best to put a link
to this on your home page, and put information about what you
cover in your mailings (why they should subscribe & benefits),
subscribe form, and a privacy policy all on the same page so the
information is all there in one place.
Although the words stand out well on the black background, it is
very hard on the eyes to read in this format.  The length of the
makes it even harder.
The update script you use put the "this page was updated 'today's
date'" language under the get paid to click link at the bottom. 
also showed up twice in small black print behind some of the wording
in the bottom of your fourth paragraph.
The readclick.com link on  is missing.  You forgot to put in
link...but the words readclick.com are there.  This means people
copy and paste the link, but it won't be to your referral page and
won't get paid.
Your banners at the bottom are jumbled and overlapping.  The bottom
right ad, the really big one in the frame, needs to be scrolled to
be read.
No one will read it. After you write your ad copy, use spell check
grammar check.  It is possible to spell words correctly that are
incorrectly and spell check will not catch it.
I don't care for the black background, but that's personal preference.
I didn't find any contact information, and saw some spelling errors
I wasn't impressed with the site. I think it is just too much information
to scroll thru.
This is one really long home page.  I would recommend breaking
the information, maybe list the pay for email programs on a separate
page. Also, by using a smaller font, and sticking to one or two colors
it wouldn't appear like the visitor had to conquer Mt. Everest - a
mountain of information to read through everything. It looks like you
have a left column menu set up, but the button links are blank. Use
those to separate the information.
Separate the paid to read email programs from the other programs.
Go through the home page and check for typos. I saw lots of them
and they are even more noticable in the large font. For example,
under  "Sign up for free newsletters a paid..." should be "Sign up
for free newsletters and get paid..."
under  "Get paid $2 to signp" should be "Get paid $2 to sign up"
Some of your numbered programs are in caps, some using lower
case.  Try to make these all the same, preferable using lower
The page uses a horizontal scroll bar because of placement of some
of the banners at the bottom of the page. Set your page up so the
information fits in the screen width.
Good information, very focused, you just need to make it easier
for people to view your information.
posting:   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Send posts and questions (or your answers) to:
   MyInput at AEOpublishing.com
Please send suggestions and comments to:
   Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
To change your subscribed address, send both new
and old address to Moderator at AEOpublishing.com
See below for unsubscribe instructions.
Copyright 2001 AEOpublishing
----- End of Your Membership Exchange
This email was sent to cypherpunks at cyberpass.net, at your request, by Your Membership Newsletter Services.
