
@_date: 2006-05-27 08:10:08
@_author: Kip Stark 
@_subject: last night I won 5 grands 
I'm sitting here with tears in my eyes...
I still hardly believe it - so I have to keep reminding myself:
this is my new reality. This is my new life.
After never owning a TV over 27 inches,
growing up without even being able to afford cable,
and working 70 hours a week...I am now free.
You can be too!
It all started on the first of may
I'll never forget that date for as long as I live!
..when my older brother Allen told me about this site I couldnt believe it at first.... then-after I joined
(I think it was around 11:30)-and got my 888$ bonus -
things started happening realy fast -
by the end of the first night-just 4 hours later -
I won 11,233 $!!!
man - I couldnt wait for my wife to wake up
Deep inside- I still couldnt believe it!
Is this a scam?? - I asked myself over and over again
then-3 hours later-on that very morning I recieved the money- ONLY THEN I realized its FOR REAL!
My wife is so happy NOW I WAS ABLE TO BUY her a brand new kitchen set.
one that she and many wives dream of having in their homes...
stainless steel refrigerator, matching stove and microwave. When asked if I would like to use my Lowes card to finance, I proudly said ...."No".
AND FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MY LIFE-  I paid cash!!
THEN, I decided to treat myself - after all - I deserve it so
I took a trip to Fry's Electronics here in dallas and purchased a $5,000 Samsung 1080p 56" DLP T V. For those of you not familiar with all of those specs, it's the best quality TV available today.
by the way ----  I paid cash.
Since that day - I've been playing every night -
SURE- I've lost some money too -
but by the end of the first month -
I earned a whooping 31,783$
JUST THINK ABOUT IT FOR A MOMENT-WHAT WOULD U DO WITH 31K's?
Hard to believe? You bet! But it=92s a fact!
YOU can be a winner too.
I'm sharing all of this with you today because you are someone on
my personal email list, and this is personal news which I think can
inspire others to go for it, and get, their dreams COME TRUE. Whether  a new car, a new house, more money, GIRLS, or happiness in this moment, all is possible.
you might need an extra kick in the seat of your pants to get you going right now-
and change your future forever!
but man-for your own good-
your gonna thank me for this one-I PROMISE!
heres what you need to do RIGHT NOW-
GO TO :
AND START LIVING YOUR DREAMS...just like me!
Best of luck
Your friend,
Kip Stark,
