
@_date: 2000-10-16 12:31:48
@_author: Hi There... 
@_subject: CDR: Boost your internet connection and PC's speed.. 
Wish you had a faster system and Internet connection? Join the club. We all turn on
our computers and log in to the net, sometimes for hours every day. When you add up
all the time you're plugged in and online, it's amazing how much more productivity
(and free time!) you could gain if your computer and Internet connection
weren't holding you back from what you *really* want to be doing.
But at what cost? A high-speed Internet connection can cost
hundreds or thousands of dollars annually, and the latest high-end systems start
at $3,000. If you don't want to shell out, what can you do instead?
The secret lies in Windows, which (not surprisingly) has built-in "bottlenecks"
that clog the travel of data through your system's internal pathways,
seriously slowing down your computer and Internet connection.
Windows arrives on your computer "optimized" for a large corporate LAN.
That makes sense for Microsoft, which has to meet the expectations of
demanding corporate buyers who extensively test new systems on the LAN before
making a purchasing decision.
But where does it leave the home user? You've shelled out good money for your
computer and Internet connection, but you can't use it to its full potential because
you're not on a large corporate network.
Fortunately, there's software to optimize how Windows uses *your* system hardware and
Internet connection, boosting your computer and Internet performance.
Optimize your computer and Internet connection as part of your
occasional maintenance routine, like defragmenting your hard drive.
Ascentive SpeedPak
- Bundle includes webROCKET Internet Optimizer and winROCKET Computer Optimizer.
- Guaranteed speed boost for your computer and Internet connection.
- Includes lifetime technical support via phone and email.
- Very easy to install and use. You'll be up and running in 5 minutes.
- One-click QuickOptimize button takes care of most users, and experts will appreciate
the custom Detailed Optimization screen.
- None that we could find.
Note: You are receiving this email because you subscribed to DailyOnline, one of the
Internet's most popular email lists.  To cancel your e-subscription, send an email to zedder2000 at yahoo.com with 'unsubscribe' in the subject line.
