
@_date: 2001-04-02 00:43:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Save Me From the Child Sex Predators 
Not content with denouncing Joe Cypherpunk as a "child sex predator
and child pornographer," our favorite Network Vigilante tries to drum up a massive letter-writing campaign to keep his new ISP
from TOSing his Bovine Effluvia.
Note that everyone who has ever disagreed with Mr. Echols is
by definition a "child sex predator and child pornographer" and
winds up having any personal information Mr. Echols can scrape
up on them placed on Mr. Echols Web site of "child sex
predators and child pornographers."  Any animosity directed
at Mr. Echols by individuals thus libeled merely serves to reinforce Mr. Echols' delusions that he is continuously under
attack by "child sex predators and child pornographers" for
his fabulous work in protecting children from "child sex predators and child pornographers."
Bear in mind most of the individuals on Mr. Echols' list are
not alleged to have committed any misdeads, other than expressing
their opinions on the various forums Mr. Echols and his dittoheads
continually monitor for what he considers to be signs of "child
sex predators and child pornographers."
Mr. Echols, who supports himself by writing trashy fictionalized
adaptations of famous boy sodomy cases, on the other hand, has
a rap sheet as long as your arm, which includes convictions for
breaking and entering, child abuse, making terrorist threats, and being a fugitive.  Mr. Echols was once characterized by
a US Governor as "a man with no respect for the law."
Mr. Echols, who once commented on the phone that "kids have been getting fucked since the dawn of time.  It's about time
someone made some money off of it" has certainly demonstrated
that one cannot only make money off kids getting fucked, but
one can have ones very own Tax Exempt IRS 501(c)(3) organization
from which to conduct such activities, thus including the taxpayer in the growing list of individuals whose fucking
provides Mr. Echols with a career. So without further ago, we bring you the latest message from
BAM, everyones favorite child advocacy organization.
Dear Friends of Better A Millstone:
As you know, early the morning of March 7th, Better A Millstone's IP host
server in Santa Monica, California, was attacked by hackers using the IP
host servers owned by the major pedophile domain "ivan.net" in Montreal,
Canada, and shut down.  On March 16th we located a new IP host server and
over the next few days our multiple web pages went back up on Direclynx.net
in Hot Springs, Arkansas.
On Boy Chit-Chat at  some child sex
predators and pornographers have begun to impersonate me and members of
Better A Millstone as making threats to kill them, threats to encourage
illegal hacker attacks on their IP host servers, and even claiming that I
have died of a heart attack.  (I am alive and well!)
And now these child sex predators and child pornographers against whom we
battle to protect children have mounted a campaign to flood emails to the
customers of Direclynx.net to pressure them to quit hosting BAM's web domain
because these criminals claim that our web domain shadow-net.com "provides a
forum for libel, defamation, the incitement of harassment, and the
intimidation of law-abiding individuals into not exercising their First
Amendment free speech rights."
As you know, in truth Better A Millstone members lurk on the Internet to
identify and locate child sex predators and child pornographers, many of
whom we find to be criminally sexually assaulting children.  We provide that
information and intelligence freely to law enforcement agencies and the
public via email, phone, and on our web pages, and in so doing these
perverts are often intimidated to the extent that they do not feel safe
conversing on the Internet with other perverts about their desires to have
sex with children and, in some cases, their having sexually assaulted
children and manufactured child pornography.
With the major Internet chat board these sick individuals normally use
temporarily shut down (i.e., Boy Chat at ), these
perverts are now communicating on the board Boy Chit-Chat at
, Boy Talk Net at
, the Danish Pedophile
Association at , and the temporary board for
Girl Chat (the regular URL is ) which is in Russia
at .
Would you please write a brief email to the President and Technical Director
of Direclynx.net thanking them for hosting BAM's web site for free and
urging them to continue to do for the sake of the children in spite of the
clamor by the child sex predators and child pornographers?
Their names, titles, and email addresses are:
Mr. Larry Womack, President Mr. Ben VanWagner, Technical Director Thank you very, very much!
Very truly yours,
Mike Echols, Founder & Executive Director of Better A Millstone, Inc.
484-B Washington St.,  Monterey, California 93940 USA
BAM is an I.R.S. Tax Exempt Organization - Toll Free Voice Mail in the U.S.:  1-800-971-7818
Voice Mail from Other Countries:  area code 831, 887-3362
Mike Echols' Direct Home/Office Phone Number:  area code 831, 444-6647
BAM's Main Index Page:  BAM's "For Kids" Page:
