
@_date: 1997-08-03 10:25:53
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym "Dr. Dmitri Vulis, KOTM " typed:
You guys are all forgetting the second part of the protocol-- receiver receives message, reads it and decides whether he wants to receive more mail like this one from this sender.  If
so, receiver sends the token back.
It's called "good faith deposit".

@_date: 1997-08-03 18:55:03
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: spam is good for you 
I like it when spam is sent to the cpunks list because it makes the list
less accessible to lamers and wanna-be censors while not really
hurting its value to people who are familiar with configurable/
scriptable mail agents.
(Heck, I've considered 99% of cpunks traffic to be about the
same flavor as spam on my palate for years, so I'm already
comfortable with using heavy filtering as a matter of course.)
In other news, I'm going to  HIP  and I'm thinking I should have a t-shirt made to piss off the
self-righteous socialist anti-spam activists.  My favorite slogan so far is "I may disagree with every spam you send, but
I will defend to the death your right to spam it. --Voltaire".
I consider this to be a powerful meme to broadcast at those
low-tech lawmongers, but it isn't sufficiently.. um.. offensive.
Any suggestions from the peanut gallery?
Of course I have to include my e-mail address on the shirt so
that those who are offended by my advocacy of absolute freedom
of speech can try to mailbomb me.

@_date: 1997-08-12 01:10:05
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: HIP hip hooray 
HIP rocked.  I'm still trying to adjust to the mundanity
of everyday life.  I loved meeting some cpunks in Real
Here are a couple of relevant URLs.

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:14:06
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: I am not a cracker 
Several journalists have approached me at HIP and afterwards for quotes about cracking.  It is interesting that merely by showing up at HIP and by having a suspiciously pseudonym-like name (hey, my parents were inspired by New Age psychology or something, okay?) I have apparently gained the instant reputation of being into cracking.
So in case any journalists out there were considering asking me
how to crack Tamagotchis (I kid you not-- that was the topic):
I work in computer security.  I devise systems.  I write code.
I examine systems for weaknesses.  I test systems.  But I don't
crack.  The last time I wrote a Trojan log-in screen was in 9th
grade.  When I made a phone call at HIP I used my pre-paid phone card instead of using the cracked phone booth for free. I pay for most of my software, other than Microsoft operating So look elsewhere for your cracker quotes.
Zooko, Journeyman Hacker

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:17:17
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: HIP hip hooray 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym  "Mark Grant " typed:
Wow.  Oh how the mighty have fallen, from an adulatory spread in Wired to a mention in The Independent.  And to think that Lucky was the fellow who was supposed to get the most benefit from the situation in the first place!
I sound like an idiot, so I'm glad she mispelled my name.
Also that's a pretty darn loose quote.  The "--" there, for example, spans several sentences of conversation...
Did the article print her e-mail address?

@_date: 1997-08-13 18:57:17
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: journalism, travel and manufacturing 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym  "Dr. Dmitri Vulis, KOTM " typed:
I appreciate the invitation.  I'll be sure to do so when I'm in
In other news, I made some t-shirts at HIP.  On the front they
have an excerpt of an e-mail message looking something like   From: Stan   To: Winston <1072SmithW at citizenunits.org>
  Subject: MAKE FREEDOM FAST!!!
  "I may disagree with every spam you send,
   but I will defend to the death your right
   to send it."
                      -- Voltaire
On the back they have the following slogans:
                MAKE FREEDOM FAST!!!
                  Spam is Speech.
              Censorship is Censorship.
And at the hem there is the legend:    This is: AN OFFICIAL SPAM DEFENSE T-SHIRT
   Manufactured at: HIP, 1997
   By: Zooko Industries
I gave one shirt to Alex de Joode and one to Joichi Ito, and I kept one for myself.  That leaves one, which I originally intended to snail mail to Dr. Dmitri M. Vulis, KOTM.  But if you don't want it then I'll auction it off via cypherpunks.  (Currencies accepted will include PGP-signed letters stating your undying adoration of and loyalty to Zooko.)

@_date: 1997-08-19 00:48:09
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: write up AP for FC++ 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym
 "Steve Schear " typed:
Um, as soon as you broaden AP from libertarian fantasy into rigorous hypothesis, it turns out that it _isn't_ _anything_
but Idea Futures/insurance/ABPs/(payee-anonymous) contract markets plus the murderous daydream junk.
That is to say, from the rigorous (technical) point of view, AP _IS_ Idea Futures _IS_ ABPs _IS_ contract markets _IS_ TCMay has mentioned before that AP is nothing new...
If you want some scholarly exposition, write up some definitive
treatise on AP/IF/I/ABPs/CMs as such so that in the future crackpots who semi-independently come up with the idea won't be
able to tie it to political fantasies or other specific would-be-applications in the (un-)popular consciousness.
Zooko, whose prose is JYA'ifying in frustration
P.S.  Allow me to repeat in simple words:  "'ASSASSINATION POLITICS' IS NOTHING BUT IDEA FUTURES PLUS CRACKPOT POLITICAL P.P.S.  I am not a cypherpunk.  I'm only a guest!  I didn't know there was marijuana in the brownies, officer!  I didn't PGP sign this message.  Nobody saw me do it -- you can't prove

@_date: 1997-08-19 03:37:04
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: Alex le Heux 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym
 "Alex le Heux " typed:
Hey HEY!  It's the man who nearly managed to single-handedly derail the PGP legal export hack by playing the block rocking beats (all vinyl) which inspired the vacationing hackers to spill the drinks on the source books.
But in his defense, he also nurtured the cpunks network in between sets.
Welcome to the list!
Zooko the Mysterieux
P.S.  MP3 is coooool.  CDNow.com needs to start selling MP3's in return for digital cash small change!
P.P.S.  No really-- I'm _not_ a cypherpunk, because cypherpunks appear to be overwhelmed with blind, self-destructive bloodlust since 1996 or so.  I'm just here to try talking some
sense into the salvageable ones.

@_date: 1997-08-19 23:38:58
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: write up AP for FC++ 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym
 "Ian Grigg " typed:
Indeed there _is_ more to many ideas.  Unfortunately, there is
no more to this one.
Zooko, Bane of Bogus Daydreams Posing As Ideas

@_date: 1997-08-22 01:27:03
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: heart 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym
 "Ray Arachelian " typed:
BULL SHIT.
This is a cop-out, used by emotionally stunted men to excuse themselves from their solemn responsibility to ethically justify their own actions and to deal fairly with their fellow
By reciting mantras to one another emphasizing their sense of having been mistreated and their sense of having _unquestionable_ moral superiority, people in this situation persuade each other to become more and more fanatical in their attitudes, less and less in touch with reality, and less and less compassionate towards the "others" who have been demonized
in the process.
Note that this process _always_ includes a group of other humans which are demonized in order to serve as a scapegoat and
as a concrete focus for the participant's negative emotions.
This process is objectively identical to the process experienced by _all_ hate groups, gangs and nationalists.
You are standing in the auditorium, Louis Freeh's face is displayed on the screen, interposed with film of jackbooted thugs breaking down your door, and you are screaming wordlessly
at him along with all of your brethren during the Two Minutes THAT should give you pause for thought, Ray.
Listen to me:  I might take up arms in the trenches next to you
someday, if it comes to that.  I might murder enemies or civilians in their sleep, if I were convinced that it was the only way to preserve the people and the ideals that I love.  I might work to deploy ideas and technologies that threaten to
induce social chaos, if I believed that those ideas and technologies were the only way to ensure the blessings of liberty and prosperity for my children.
But I will _never_ take one of these actions while intoxicated
by a cloud of hatred and self-righteousness.  I will _never_ tell myself that I am part of a sacred jihad which absolves me
of all guilt, and I will _never_ re-classify my enemies as sub-human in order to justify my treatment of them.
So take a fucking BREAK man.  Just get up from the computer and
go for a fucking walk in the mountains and think about your fucking family and loved ones.

@_date: 1997-08-29 18:36:09
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: DigiCash issuers 
You might be a bit behind the times on this issue.  Recently MTB announced new lower fees: Are these the ones you consider excessive?
Note that if you consider the new fees to be reasonable, then you are now obliged to open account as per your publically posted exclamation quoted above.  :-)
Also check out Advance Bank in Australia:
I anticipate continually cheaper ecash fees as banks start to compete for selective, price-conscious customers like Feanor here.  :-)

@_date: 1997-12-04 17:42:46
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: words have value, for good or ill 
I didn't write this, but I wish I had.  It is exactly correct,
and well-done.  If I had written I would've attached a nym in an attempt to accrue some reputation capital.  (The author should e-mail me so I can credit her repcap account. :-) )
Actually I think we are discussing the morality of words, not of thoughts.  Words are actions in my book.  (ObDcashPunks: Note that the right words to the effect of "I hereby give you this cash token.  Signed, Alice" _are_ the same as the action of giving the person the cash token.  :-) )
I don't speak for Anonymous (:-)), but what _I_ propose is that
the meme of "it was okay/justified/right for me to say it because it should be legal for me to say it" shall eradicated from cypherpunks discourse.
The rightness of one's actions is independent from the legality
of those actions.  (Except, of course, that it is sometimes wise to avoid doing something illegal out of pragmatic concern
for consequences.)
If a cypherpunk is accused by her fellows of a wrong act, it is
completely irrelevant and out of character for her to reply by
stating that the act is legal.
This is a such an obvious truth that I'm surprised no-one, including myself, has brought it up before Anonymous did.
Software engineer for hire.

@_date: 1997-07-17 22:29:53
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: i miss carol anne cyphergrrl 
or whatever her name was.
A dangerous radical named Steve allegedly typed:
The problem is economic.  During info-peace-time non-
robust networks are cheaper.  Redundancy and other robustness techniques are an expense that doesn't pay back.
During info-peace-time.
Under duress-- be it accidents, load, or info-war-- such designs are inadequate.
What's the solution?  I dunno.
Here're some options:
A.  Make design which is robust under attack but still cheap for everyday use.  Not sure if it is feasible.
B.  Convince people to spend more on robustness of systems.  But this is infeasible on a huge scale and in anarchic and uncoordinated social system e.g. Internet.
C.  Hire info-warriors to attack systems, hopefully doing as little permanent damage as possible but achieving enough penetration to convince even the most thick-headed manager that
his system is weak.
Hence I propose a fund, The Randall Schwartz Memorial Cracking
Reward Fund, which will regularly award dcash payments to the cracker who most illustriously exposed the weaknesses of system.  Scaring the pants off of the managers and leaders is a plus.  Enlightening the public about the dangers of a specific system or technique is a plus.  Scaring the public into thinking that all systems/networks/computers/software are
dangerous is arguably a plus or a minus.  :-)
Doing permanent damage or unnecessary disruption of service is
a big minus.  Usually a calling card saying "Soo Do Nym was here" is sufficient.
The pay-off could be instituted by way of an "Assassination Systemics" scheme (which is merely an application of Idea Futures, of course), in which the bettor who most accurately predicted the time and other details of the target system's penetration receives the bulk of the winnings.
I hereby bet 10 cyberbucks that no clever hacker will be able to redirect " to point to AlterNIC.
Zooko Journeyman
"We are an internation of code and not of laws."

@_date: 1997-07-18 20:02:26
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: spawn of Vulis 
You need to help him set up a pseudonym, Dmitri.  Think about 10 or 20 years down the road when he wants to get a contract/
join a phyle/avoid an enemy or whatever, and his entire childhood e-mail and virtual-community history is greppable via
a 2-second, 2-cent search.  This would give his employers/
partners/competitors/enemies/governments a great deal of leverage over him in various ways.  Also it might be very embarassing socially, which is no less important.
Get him a pseudonym.  You can always (more or less) claim the reputation capital that your pseudonym accumulated, but you can
never (probably) lose history accumulated under your True Name.
Of course he could always change his name/adopt a strong 'nym in the future in order to get a clean start, but this might not
be easy, especially since people can find him through you and perhaps other of his relatives or friends.
Zooko Journeynym

@_date: 1997-07-21 18:55:20
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: thought for the day, and my IRS Investigations report 
My interaction with Jim Bell pretty much amounted to condemning
him and telling him to go to hell, CC'ed to cypherpunks.  And I haven't received any IRS Investigations notes, so perhaps my
e-mail address wasn't included in Jim's little black book.
"There are two major forces in the universe:  evolution and

@_date: 1997-07-24 00:08:00
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: custom and privacy 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym "T.C. May" typed:
The infinitive "to control" here confuses force with contract, coercion with civil pressure, and law with custom.
I believe Bill Frantz's original article made the distinction,
and I believe it stated that his thoughts were in the context of the latter.  Unfortunately cypherpunks sometimes seem unable
to preserve such contexts in follow-up articles.
In a free society, such as the one that I enjoy with my colleagues, friends, compatriots, acquaintances, enemies and perfect strangers on the Net, it is indeed possible and acceptable to exert individual and collective social pressure to influence the use and dissemination of information.  I could, but won't, give many examples of people requesting that maintain certain privacy bits attached to information they
gave me, and people graciously respecting the privacy bits that I transmitted along with my information.  Sometimes these people were friends or acquaintances of mine, other times they
were perfect strangers who acted out of professional self-
interest, reputation-preservation, casual generosity, and/or--
as per Bill Frantz's article-- familiarity with and respect for
I applaud Bill Frantz's effort to direct the minds of cypherpunks towards a topic which is valuable and relevant, but
which is not reducible to the convenient mental shortcut of "government BAD, not-government GOOD".
Zooko, Journeyman

@_date: 1997-07-24 18:55:07
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: sober reflection 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym "Bill Frantz" typed:
See " "TRUSTe", although I thought it used to be called "eTrust"?
Zooko Journeyman
[WE INTERRUPT THIS ARTICLE FOR A SPECIAL ARTICLE RATING:  Hey,
Dmitri M. Vulis!  The article entitled "Spawn of Vulis" was not
a flame or insult.  If you deleted it without reading it, I encourage you to go retrieve it again and read it.]

@_date: 1997-07-28 17:12:24
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: NSA leak magic 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym "Ian Goldberg" typed:
4.  It takes 33 minutes to view the satellite images, wiretaps,
and TEMPEST recordings, and bribe, threaten, cajole or torture
the subject's friends and business partners, and run the "stupid passphrase/weak random seed" cracker.
I believe it.
who is still trying to grok how the girl scouts figure in.
"You're a thought criminal!"

@_date: 1997-11-14 01:57:16
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: John Young, stegonym 
Most pseudonym users cope with the possibility that Mallet
will hate what they say by ensuring that he can't figure out their True Name.  JY is the next step-- Mallet can't figure
out what he is saying, or if it is serious, so J remains safe.
P.S.  Sorry to blow your cover, there, John...
P.P.S.  Of course "True Name" is a confusing, abused concept. There are three possible ideas-- (A): given a name "N", people
can map from N to your physical body, thus exposing you to the risk of extortion, assassination, etc., or (B): given an individual "I", people can find a name "M" such that they are sure I is the brain directly behind M.  Alternately, (C): given
a name "O" and a name "P", people can be sure that the brain directly behind O is not also the brain directly behind P.  Both N and M and occasionally are sometimes thought of as "True
Names".  (B) and (C) can sometimes be desirable, but unfortunately most implementations of (B) and/or (C) imply (A).
(A) is never desirable.
P.P.P.S.  TCM is the opposite (regressive?)-- he goes out of his way to give a clear impression, to Mallet as well as to friends and strangers, that he is dangerous, violent, racist, homophobic, bigoted, emotionally disturbed, and irrational.  We
know better, but unfortunately not everyone is so perceptive.
P.P.P.P.S.  I know TCM likes discussing the True Name concepts
when he is in a good mood, but I hereby promise not to give him
the satisfaction of conversation until he writes 100 times on the blackboard "I am not a threat to myself, my neighbors, or the authorities.".

@_date: 1997-12-01 08:35:21
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: launch memes 
Cypherpunks reject politics.  They know that it is unnecessary,
counter-productive, and wrong.
Terrorism and violent confrontation are the ultimate form of
Cypherpunks don't fixate on their enemies, real or imagined.
Reactionary Christians do.  Reactionary Muslims do.  Wacko
leftists do.  Wacko rightists do.  In fact, probably every
penny-ante cult and fringe political movement does.  Perhaps
it makes it easier to avoid doubt by thinking and feeling
about your enemies (real or imagined) in order to keep from
thinking about your self.
But cypherpunks don't fixate on their enemies.  They have more
important things to worry about.
Cypherpunks think strategically.  Cypherpunks act strategically.

@_date: 1997-10-02 20:04:08
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you.  anonymous assholes are your friend 
I just got through reading another hilarious post from Anonymous, and I realized that instead of filtering anonymous posts _out_ of my reading list like I used to, I've gradually started filtering them _in_.
I was thinking about why, and it illustrates a counter-
intuitive hypothesis that's been germinating in my head for a few days/months/years.  I'll call it "Zooko's Law of Evolutionary, Counter-Intuitive, Painful Serendipity":
     In an evolving ecosystem, things which appear to do harm      often result in benefit.
For example, if you consider having lots of healthy, happy bunnies to be a benefit, you might consider an influx of voracious wolves to be bad news.  But in many cases the selective pressure exerted by the wolf population will result in stronger bunny genes, healthier bunnies, more bunny babies and cetera.  In the case that the wolves leave again, or some other aspect of the environment changes (winter comes, etc.) then the population of passive grass-nibbling bunnies will turn
out to be disappointingly fragile compared to the population of
well-exercised wolf-fleeing bunnies.
Now you might complain that I am not playing fair by tossing in
these hypothetical environment changes late in the game.  If we
are evaluating _just_ the influx of wolves, and not some possible developments such as the wolves passing on, winter coming and so forth, then "obviously" the bunnies were better off without wolves.
But perhaps that's just the point.  In an evolving ecosystem, you _can't_ measure success without considering the likelihood
of continual change.
You might also object that I am sneaking in some unfounded Platonic concept of "bunny goodness" which only holds in certain contexts.  I.e. maybe the environment will change in a
way that penalizes bunnies with sinewy muscles and fast hearts
and rewards big fat stupid bunnies who only think of the next Okay.  Maybe I am.  But my intuition tells me that this isn't some human-prejudice Platonic Ideal slipping in, but that in fact competition _does_ usually make the competitors better suited for all sorts of likely environmental changes.
Now why do the cpunks care?  Because I think the invasion of flaming, spamming Vulisses and "Graham-John Buellers" was good
for the cpunks list.  It drives away people with too little
intelligence, stomache-strength, technical know-how or egostic
attitude manage their own list input without depending on group
dynamics to manage it for them.
Okay, so like all "natural" selections, it takes out a few of the good guys too.  I still miss Perry Metzger's involvement, but if we had to lose Perry in order to lose a few dozen clueless loudmouths, then so be it.
Anyway, I consider it a Bad Thing that anonymous remailers are
so difficult to learn and use.  I would approve if point-n-
click remailers and remailer clients were widely distributed. But in another application of Zooko's Law of Evolutionary Serendipity, the fact that remailers are hard to use means that
the people who use them are smarter than average.
So maybe _that's_ why I've found it rewarding to select _for_ anonymous posts instead of against in recent times.  And why I toy with the notion of fomenting the kind of infowar
"war games" that Phill Hallam-Baker hates.
Damn, I wish Daniel Dennett were reading this list.
Zooko Journeyman
P.S.  Just to tie up one loose end-- you might notice that I counted the flame-invasion as a goodness because it drove off
"clueless loudmouths".  But what's the difference between a "Graham-John Buellers" and a normal crypto-groupie?  Is this a
double-standard?  Not at all.  The clueless loudmouths that I am glad to be rid of are an insidious sort, like William H. Geiger III, Paul Bradley, and rest-his-soul Jim Bell who are on-topic and sane enough to attract attention from the real thinkers, but who are prolific and mediocre enough to pull down
the over-all quality of discourse.  Apologies to the named people for hurting your feelings.  It's nothing personal, but I have to call 'em like I see 'em.  Cut down the volume of your
output to just the very best of your articles, and maybe I'll stop filtering you out.

@_date: 1997-10-11 07:16:23
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: GAK, CAP, "escrow", "recovery" -- Minitru has us so confused we fight amongst ourselves 
The whole goal of the hijacking of the phrase "key escrow" to camoflage GAK was to obscure the difference between voluntary and involuntary participation.
Unfortunately, while Clipper and successors have been policy failures, that initial push to conquer important conceptual ground has been a devastating success.  Now good guys from
both sides of the PGP CAP debate appear to have forgotten
this essential distinction.  Jon, I started reading your list
of ways that PGP CAP differs from USG GAK, and it was about
"software versus hardware" or something.  Screw that-- is it
voluntary or is it not?
Of course it is voluntary.  PGP, Inc. has no deal with USG or any other agency to the effect that user's secrets will be involuntarily (by threat, force or secrecy) copied.  So forget
about all those details and make the point-- PGP helps people
control their own data, including voluntarily sharing their data with others.  This is almost entirely unrelated to GAK.
One more time for the slow folks at home (journalists especially, listen up!):
Escrow is when you voluntarily choose to share your property with someone else, especially as part of a business contract that you have with that person to the effect that she won't use your property for anything but will merely hold your
property in order to give it back to you or to a third party in response to certain events transpiring.
The word "escrow", coined sometime in the 16th or early 17th centuries, has held this meaning and only this meaning throughout the intervening centuries.
Someone getting access to your secrets against your will, whether by trickery, threat of force, or burglary is not escrow.  At least, not until the USG deliberately chose to abuse that word to throw a mask of legitimacy upon its rotten idea of mandatory wiretapping for all digital communication.
Damn, but it is frustrating to see such a bare-faced newspeak
gambit succeed so brilliantly against otherwise literate people.  Everyone should read George Orwell's paper on (ab)use of language in politics.  None of the examples he cites are
nearly as worthy of Minitru as is this single conceptual P.S.  Of course there are subtleties that I omitted from this rant.  It wouldn't be a good rant if I calmly enumerated the
various legitimate perspectives now would it?  Maybe PGP CAP is
a bad idea.  Maybe it will lead to GAK.  Maybe corporations are
a bad idea.  Maybe they will lead to governments.  But whether
or no, use of PGP and PGP features (including escrow features)
is voluntary.  GAK is not voluntary.  GAK is not escrow.  Please help me put a stake through the heart of this vile meme.

@_date: 1997-10-13 00:10:05
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: Is Adam Back falling for one of Minitru's tricks? 
Dammit Adam.  I respect your opinion and your knowlege about
these issues, but I think that you've been fooled by Minitru's
Minitru would _like_ for the world's businessmen to be presented with a choice between "brittle" crypto-- private keys
held solely by owners, plaintext available solely to recipient,
where every forgotten password, missed keystroke or disgruntled
saboteur means the company loses valuable data permanently-- or
GAKked crypto where these problems of brittleness are solved by
Big Brother paternally providing backups when you find yourself
in need.
In reality neither of these is an acceptable alternative for serious use of strong crypto in business.  Escrow is a valuable business concept, which was invented by businessmen centuries ago and has been used ever since because it provides significant value to the participants who voluntarily
enter into the escrow contracts.  In the context of the information age and crypto, escrow will be one of the basic building blocks of the new era, both for basic business purposes-- serving the same purpose that escrow has always served but with heightened importance to pseudonymous, global commerce-- and for building cryptosystems which are robust in
the context of data being shared among many people (e.g. a The issue is not how many people are given access to your keys
or your data.  The issue is whether you maintain your right to
control who those people are (including, but not limited to, your right to decide that you will be the only person with access), or whether others with delusions of grandeur and obedient police forces can compel you or trick you into giving
them access.
Don't let Minitru continue to confuse the issue-- you'll be left with nothing but false alternatives.  Escrow is good and necessary and inevitable-- ask any businessman.  GAK is not
escrow.  Escrow is not GAK.

@_date: 1997-10-14 19:17:16
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: commercial data recovery 
[Note-- I am not subscribed to ietf-open-pgp at this time.  My
 apologies if this submission from a non-subscriber is  unwanted.  I will be brief.  --Zooko]
Adam, I applaud your effort to steer discourse toward productive work re: GAK, CMR, CDR.  I haven't thought about your idea enough to have a definite opinion, but at first blush
it seems a promising strategy to design high-security and forward-secrecy for communication but recovery/sharing features
for stored data.
I wonder if it is too much early-days to start talking about
advanced protocols e.g. secret-splitting in IETF-Open-PGP?  Probably so.  Better just punch out a standard with current
Hm.  What about the idea of storing your data remotely (for
cost-efficiency, safety, etc.) using encryption to maintain your privacy?  In that case, the distinction between comms and
storage keys is blurred.  A company may choose to e.g. store all long-term data at Zooko's Backup Server, encrypted in such
a way that some combination of corporate keys (controlled by individual employees and/or departments) is necessary to decrypt each package of data.  This would open the door, as you
fear, for a government to mandate that _its_ key be added to each set, with authority to open any package even without the cooperation of any corporate keys.
I'm not sure how to weigh the relative risks and benefits.  I (ever so humbly) think that Zooko's Backup Server would be a
great value for businesses, and that part of that value would
be the ability to make data unlockable by various keys, both
for administrative/internal security purposes and for robustness against accidents and saboteurs.
Zooko's Backup Server can be physically located in a country free of such intrusive organizations, but of course it is the
intrusive organizations of the _client's_ country that become
important with that kind of protocol...
P.S.  There is already a company whose name I have forgotten that offers hard-drive backups over TCP/IP.  They use some encryption but I don't know how strong.

@_date: 1997-10-21 19:29:25
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: everybody wants a piece of Microsoft's monopoly 
If you thought Microsoft and Bill Gates were bad for the
evolution of our precious technology, you'll _love_ the
new "Guvsoft", lead by everyone's favorite businesswoman
Janet Reno.
The race to see who can play "Little Mister Gates" best
and earn a cut of the action is accelerating.  Pundits
are already taking bets on Scott "Now Selling Licenses For 100% Pure Anything-Non-Microsoft" McNealy, Steve
"Competition Is Great As Long It Doesn't Actually Affect Us"
Jobs, and Janet "I've Already Demonstrated My Grasp Of Tactics
And Tact" Reno.
I mean, _sure_ Microsoft is an oppressive monopoly, but then what the hell is the USG?

@_date: 1997-10-24 17:59:58
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: spoofing as performance art 
Tim C. May allegedly typed something like:
Hey, the jokes from Anonymous(ses) and Dmitri M. Vulis are the
only reason I _read_ cpunks anymore!  Oh yeah-- and that hilarious spoof about PGP, Inc. putting GAK-friendly features
into their product.  It's so funny that people fall for that
old "PGP is in with the government" gag every time it comes
Also, I'm looking for a job, I think.  Or else a good university to go to.
But mostly I'm just reading the hilarious Anonymous posts and

@_date: 1997-10-26 01:11:23
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: in celebration of informational "vandalism" 
Forgeries motivate people to adopt digital signature technology!  Spam motivates people to develop better filtering techniques!  Cracks motivate people to adopt secure systems and
to back-up their important data!  Mailbombs and SYN floods motivate people to acquire denial-of-service-attack-resistant services!  Trolling a la D.M.Vulis separates the tough and realistic from the fragile psyche and nascent censor!
In the world of physical interaction, attacks or acts of vandalism are the components of evolutionarily stable
(more or less) strategies of extortion and oppression.
But in the world of information exchange, no such strategy
is evolutionarily stable, and each attack is best regarded
as an opportunity to up your tech and improve your capabilities
while simultaneously defending against further attacks.

@_date: 1997-09-12 00:20:53
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: Dear Scott Adams: I hear you need a fresh target... 
You could do the world a favor by making fun of recent
GAK (Government Accesst to Keys) proposals which are
currently circulating in the organs of power under
newspeak names like "key escrow" and "key recovery".
Also, it's an easy target, and a big issue with a lot
of your techie readers.
Have some leader on television announce that henceforth
all e-mail will be scanned by federal investigatory gremlins in the name of public safety, but never fear!!
For your privacy will be PERSONALLY GUARANTEED by the
new Privacy Czar...
Or Dogbert.  Or Ratbert, heck.  Or Bob!  Lots of your characters make good government leaders.
Zooko, Journeyman Wizard
P.S.  I think I'll Cc: this to the cypherpunks.  No doubt they will hack your account and send you death threats and make me regret it, but heck, maybe you can get some good mileage out of making fun of THEM, too.

@_date: 1997-09-12 00:26:59
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: How to use PGP without wasting your time 
The trick is:
1. don't go overboard with security.  For example, I sometimes
use PGP keys without passphrases.  This is secure _enough_ for
my more innocuous messages, and it is a lot more convenient.
2. get a scriptable/configurable e-mail agent which you can
train (or have me or some cypherpunk train) to do PGP for you Zooko, Journeyman Cryptorebel

@_date: 1997-09-12 00:27:05
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
Anonymous  mumbled:
Lest any naive readers who aren't familiar with the details of
the event buy this kind of spin-doctoring, please be aware that
the woman in question was probably not visible to the sniper, and it is almost certain that he was aiming at her armed husband who was shooting back.  The bullet travelled through a
door or some such obstruction I think (I forget the details) before hitting the victim.
You could more reasonably blame the husband for having the stupidity or carelessness to get in a firefight with his wife and child in the building.
More generally, don't buy any of the spin that anonymous cypherpunks (and plenty of named ones) like to put on such stories without reading the more balanced accounts yourself.
Anonymous, above, would _like_ you to think of the FBI sniper Lon Horiuchi as a murderous baby-killer who chuckled gleefully
when he saw his opportunity to take out a toddler.  Anonymous is no different from hatemongering pamphleteers and propaganda ministers in any penny-ante revolution or Orwellian minitru.  Perhaps he's on the side of the good guys, but his tactics have the same stink that I recognize from reading the propaganda blurbs of the bad guys.
Zooko, Journeyman Engineer

@_date: 1997-09-12 16:57:27
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: in defense of Lon Horiuchi 
When I posted "in defense of Lon Horiuchi" I had intended not
to follow up on the thread, but the several responses I've
read (which were more reasoned and polite than I had expected--
thanks guys) indicate that I didn't explain myself clearly.
It was not my intention to argue that Lon Horiuchi is a good
guy, that he fulfilled his responsibilities with appropriate care, that he's a good shot, that he worked in an honorable profession, that he is blameless in the death of the child, or
such.  (I may or may not _believe_ some of these propositions,
but I'll spare you for you the full littany of my opinions.)  All I intended to assert was that Lon Horiuchi is almost certainly not the malicious baby-killing murderer that Anonymous portrayed.
There are many issues one could legitimately argue regarding
a policeman who accidentally kills a non-combatant bystander
during a fight.  But comparing such a policemen to a
terrorist who deliberately targets non-combatants with a bomb
is beyond the pale.  That, but for my interruption, this
comparison would have passed unremarked among the cypherpunks
crowd is damning.
Why I'm posting:
I don't expect that merely because of my contradiction the
more rabid cypherpunks will suddenly throw off their twin
blinders of ideology and hatred.  Neither do I desire that
they retreat into closed conversation where they can continue
their self-inflaming rants without fear of interruption.  My
motivation in posting critical articles like these is primarily
because there are a great number of silent readers of the cpunks list, and some of these people, perhaps being young or
inexperienced, may consider such vile slanders to be self-evident truths if they continually see them pass

@_date: 1997-09-22 23:37:27
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: side effects of techno-arms-races considered beneficial 
A million monkeys operating under the pseudonym "Will Rodger " typed:
Cypherpunks know the underlying math.  Cypherpunks have seen the future-- in the long run, privacy wins the techno-arms race (barring quantum computation etc.).  So if the battle goes
to the techno ground, we win, and everyone who values their privacy wins.  (_Not_ just the techie elite.  Tech comes to the
masses, too, including privacy tech.)
If the battle takes place in the Byzantine halls of power and opinion, then I'd say the outcome is anyone's guess.  See the
current U.S. legislative debacle.
* Creation of laws is likely to do more harm than good -- this
 is one reason to abjure legislation and lobbyism and work on  coding and distributing.
This much is already known to my readers.  I'd like to add another detail:  Techno arms races have positive side effects!
Ratings systems, reputations, markets, scripting languages, CPU
tech, distributed computing, information security and smart agents technologies which enhance our privacy tech, or which are enhanced by our privacy tech, or both.
* Even a _good_ law which _solves_ a problem interferes with  the development of technological solution to the problem.  A  solution which might have had broader applications.  This is  another reason to abjure such kludges.
Zooko, Journeyman Hacker
P.S.  Anybody remember that stupid phrase from Wired: "To hack
politics down to its component parts and fix it."?  Egh.  I'd sooner code a critical system in COBOL while stupid and/or malicious strangers edit my code and my development environment
without warning.  Which is to say:  I wouldn't try!
P.P.S.  Because "Techno arms races have positive side effects."
is why I like spam.  It forces people to learn about killfiles,
digital authentication, resource management, denial-of-service
attacks and suchlike.  Unless a law manages to silence the
offensive speakers and return the masses to their inflexible,
insecure environments.

@_date: 1997-09-23 18:48:27
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: MatchPseudonym Technology / Re: encouraging digital pseudonyms 
You are the greatest!  I look forward to spreading and evolution of your software.

@_date: 1997-09-29 01:22:38
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: quote 
Igor Chudov contributed a quote from some government manual:
Couldn't've said it better myself.
I see the same pattern in cypherpunks and in my non- (or barely-) 'Netted extremist friends of the right, the libertarian, and the left varieties.
I've argued with myself for years about whether the spread of the Net would connect these people back to their fellow humans,
by offering uncensorable, violence-free communication channels,
or whether it help them to make virtual communities consisting
solely of people who reinforce their own beliefs.
I'm still hoping for the former...
Z, hopeful cynic

@_date: 1998-02-11 13:51:28
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: Deriving economic profits from writing FREE software? 
I have an idea for a model for deriving economic profits from writing free software.  It requires dcash (specifically,
some money that is cheaply and easily transferrable in small People submit requests for changes to a "wishlist"/"bug report list".  Along with these requests they send dcash.  Various
mechanisms of market and/or trusted intermediary ensure that,
on the whole, the hackers who satisfy the most highly valued
wishes get the most money.  See  Grigg 1997
for one good idea of how such a market could operate.
We already have extensive networks of wishlists, bug tracking systems, and the rest of an integrated open, distributed software development system (e.g. Linux, Debian, many others).
Given the ability to pay (perhaps credit cards could be made to
work here?  Low cost credit card transactions?  Cybercash?),
we could start trying to add this kind of flow of cash to some
such systems.  Unfortunately, i fear that such attempts may
fail and disrupt currently working systems...
P.S.  Hi, y'all.  I've switched continents, contexts, CPUs,
sensitivities and perhaps more, but i'm fine.  Thanks for missing me.
p.p.s.  as per  this slashdot.org article, it is called "Open Software" from now on, not "Free Software".  Tell the kids.

@_date: 1998-01-28 08:47:33
@_author: Zooko Journeyman 
@_subject: No Subject 
(A letter to Andy Patrizio of TechWeb,  Cc: to
cypherpunks at toad.com, malda at slashdot.org and gnu at gnu.org.  May
I remind the audience to use the technique which will benefit
your goals rather than harm them:  politeness.)
I beg to differ regarding your assertion in
" that open
source code has little value.  While your article makes the
very good point that a higher level of abstraction (the API
level) is a better platform for most "interoperation" or
"extension" uses, you omit several important considerations.
I will attempt to describe three of those considerations here.
The first consideraton is that open source code is of
unparalleled value in ensuring security and stability of a
complex system.
Witness the fact that when the Pentium "F00F" bug was
discovered last year, the Linux operating system had a fix
distributed within 7 calendar days, while Microsoft took more
than twice as long to issue a fix.
This is doubly important for mission-critical systems and
triply so for security-critical systems which may be subject to
hostile attack.  Indeed, many computer security professionals
of my acquaintance say that they _will_ _not_ use a system to
protect valuable data unless they and their peers are able to
examine the source code.
The second consideration is that an open software development
model can (sometimes) generate a surprising amount of quality
code at high speed.  The pre-eminent example of this phenomenon
is the Linux operating system, which in many ways has      outstripped comparable proprietary operating systems in    performance, features, stability, _and_ in time-to-market.
The third value in open source code is more controversial-- it
gives your users more control over the product.  An all-too-
common business tactic in the software industry is, as Scott
McNealy calls it, "proprietary lock-in", in which a company
deliberately makes their product incompatible with competing
products in order to ensure that the customer can't use that
product in conjunction with a competitor's product.  With the
current trend towards a convergence of interoperating software
products, this tactic is becoming increasingly oppressive to
customers.                                                   This tactic is not possible with open source code,
because competitors, customers, or free-lance hackers can use
the open source in order to make the two products              interoperable.                                               Needless to say, not all in the business community would
consider this last feature to be a benefit.  (Although I think
that all in the business community would consider the first two
features to be a benefit.)
I hope that this letter has been of interest to you.  I have
been a software developer, industry-watcher, and open-source-
code enthusiast for years, and I was grieved to think that your
article might deter open-minded readers from considering the
full implications of an open source code strategy.
The idea of open source code has been a "fringe" concept for
decades (see seminal open-source advocate and hacker Richard
Stallman,  and I'm delighted to think that with
Netscape's move, and with the rumored possibility that Sun will
open some of its Java source, that this idea could finally get
a fair hearing before the business community.
Zooko, Journeyman Hacker
P.S.  Among software professionals that I know, the only ones
who make USD 100K/year or more are the ones who consider
themselves to be "hackers".  :-)

@_date: 1998-06-10 15:23:36
@_author: Zane Lewkowicz 
@_subject: [SPAM]  No really.  It _is_ spam.  It's spam, i tell you.  You've been warned! 
Would you like to send someone a letter from Bangkok?
Well, you can! Put the letter to be remailed in a larger envelope with US$3 cash and I will post it from Bangkok bearing a Bangkok postmark to any country in the world. If you want the letter to go registered then enclose US$4 cash. I will pay the postage from the enclosed fee. The letter must be lightweight air-mail only containing not more than 2 sheets of writing paper. Here's the address...
P.O. Box 3,
10704, Bang Orr, Bangkok, Thailand.
Please register your mail to me.
