
@_date: 1993-03-02 16:25:13
@_author: Giuseppe Cimmino 
@_subject: PGP distribution 
OK, a short note.  I'm willing to round up some old 3 1/2" 720K floppies and
time on a disk duplicator to facilitate PGP distribution at Interop here in DC
next week.  To be specific:  If someone wants to organize the distribution, I'll
help in the production.

@_date: 1993-04-21 16:25:05
@_author: Giuseppe Cimmino 
@_subject: Re: Meets 'n Greets 
DC's 26oo meetings are held in the food court of a local mall.  The location
doesn't require scheduling, can be gotten to via Metro and while private
property, usually doesn't run into problems with peaceful gathering.  A National
Park would solve (for the time being) the later problem (perhaps the park in
front of the White House?).
Any other DC folks interested?

@_date: 1993-06-16 13:13:36
@_author: Giuseppe Cimmino 
@_subject: YAA (yet another article) 
PC Week - June 14, 1993
"Clipper security scheme criticized"
By Kimberly Patch
A proposed National Security Agency standard for voice and data encryption is
not winning votes among U.S. executives concerned with security issues.
Executives attending hearings held by the federal Computer Systems Security and
Privacy Advisory Board earlier this month said the proposed Clipper chip
encryption standard does not meet their technical or export needs.
Under the Clipper guidelines, PCs would be outfitted with a board that contains
the encryption chip, while the U.S. government would be privy to a pair of
software "escrow keys" used to unlock the encryption.
Although the Clipper chip uses an 80-bit encryption scheme, executives said it
would be more expensive and slower than more popular software encryption
schemes.  Moreover, some expressed concern about its security since NSA is
keeping the details of how it works secret.
"Why would any law-abiding corporation buy equipment that has escrow keys that
[allow] the government to [decrypt information] whenever they want without
telling the corporation?" asked Ed Zeitler, a vice president at Fidelity
Investments, a financial-services firm in Boston.
An NSA spokeswoman in Fort Meade, MD., defended the scheme, claiming the keys
would be protected and law-enforcement agencies would have to go through a
formal legal process to decrypt messages.  "People will only have access if they
have a legal need for it," she said.
Corporate users, however, objected. "[The government] wants [the Clipper
standard] to be widely used so that law-enforcement people can listen in on
things that are used by criminals," said Steven Walker, president of Trusted
Information Systems, Inc., a Boston software company. "The criminals will find
some other way to do it, which is the irony of this.  It's not going to
accomplish what [that government] wants, no matter what."
One problem with today's encryption business is that U.S. firms are restrained
from exporting software that offers powerful encryption capabilities, the
executives said.
Currently, U.S. firms can only export products that use a 40-bit key, which
would take a fast computer about two and a half weeks to crack, said Zeitler. By contrast, the Data Encryption Standard -- a 56-bit key scheme not approved
for export -- would take the same computer 2,200 years to crack, while the
proposed Clipper chip, an 80-bit scheme, would take even longer.

@_date: 1993-12-06 11:40:06
@_author: Giuseppe Cimmino 
@_subject: We interrupt this LD thread with CCC'93 
are any of the TENTACLES planning on attending CCC'93 in the FLESH?  i'd be
interested in hooking up over there.  vergiss nicht diene PSEUDOSPOOF pgp key

@_date: 1994-03-15 13:39:59
@_author: Giuseppe Cimmino 
@_subject: PC Week article 
Copyright (c) PC Week - Reproduced without permission
Volume 11, Number 10 - March 14, 1994
Jim Seymour's column The Corporate Micro
Businesses would be Clipper victims, too
This Clipper-chip stuff is getting out of hand.  A manifestly bad idea that
seemed likely to sink of its own weight has taken on a life of its own as
government officials offer ever more specious arguments for its desirability.
Many corporate computing managers tell me they haven't thought about Clipper
much, because they aren't interested in politics.  That's naive.  Ignore this
one at your own - and at your company's - very substantial risk.
In case you've been on Mars for the past few months, the Clinton administration
is pushing for adoption of a data-encryption standard using an embedded chip in
every piece of communications equipment.
Decryption by any entity other than the intended recipient of the data would be
impossible - except by the government, under strict limitations:  The necessary
keys would be held in trust by a government agency, which would deliver them to
a law enforcement agency only after issuance of a court order based on probable
The government expects that by requiring Clipper chips in every piece of
communications equipment it buys, Clipper chips will become ubiquitous.  There
is also talk about barring data that is not encrypted by the Clipper standard
from any national information superhighway, further assuring its universal use.
Uncle Sam assures us this is the best ever data-security system and that we have
nothing to worry about from government snooping which just wouldn't happen.
This whole proposition is so ludicrous that it seemed unlikely to make it to the
congressional hearings on a new telecom act.  But it did, and now our servants
in Washington are considering making this the law of the land.
Which has led to the spectacle of FBI Director George Orwell - oops, make that
Louis Freech - saying that Americans should be willing to give up some of their
freedoms to become more secure.  What's next, Lou, viewscreens in every room?
Organizations from Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility to Wired
magazine are sponsoring petitions and letter-writing campaigns to try to end
this craziness.  You can't get on the Internet these days without being asked to
sign a petition.
All that is well and good; the personal-privacy arguments are powerful and
appropriate.  But in the flag-waiving over potential government snooping, we're
missing a compelling business argument against the Clipper standard.  If the
image of Uncle Sam as a snoop doesn't move you to action, maybe this one will.
Say Clipper becomes the standard and your company's electronic communication is
Clipperized.  How secure from interception and decoding by competitors do you
think your data will be?
Beyond the press-release smoke about how limited access to Clipper decryption
keys will be, the fact is that ordinary people will be responsible for
safeguarding them.  And people can be bribed, and can take impetuous and
spiteful actions.
It's not a question of whether a scandal will erupt when critical and highly
confidential corporate information is invaded - only how long it will be before
that happens.
You and I break our backs devising super-secure communications systems.  Our
livelihoods depend upon our expertise and commitment to that goal.  Do you
really want to undermine that work and commitment with this kind of insane
back-door risk?
Jim Seymour can be reached via MCI Mail at 336-5687.
