
@_date: 1994-06-18 00:44:54
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Tracking cellular phones (OJ reference) 
About the earlier note on tracking cell phones.  It isn't hard.  In fact, the network HAS TO do it, essentially.  A cell phone has a pager in it that signals when it is getting a call, what cell to go for, and frequencies (check out the old Bell System Technical Journals from when cell technology was a research project at what is now Ameritech).  Cell receiver stations are arranged in a hex
about 8 miles on a face.  When a signal gets weak (it can tell signal strengths), the phone is handed off to a better cell; it can go a good round of local cells until it actually hits a stronger receiver site.  Using this, you can bounce the phone around to different cell receivers, test signal strength (none of this actually activates the phone, it is part of the standard polling),
and get a fairly good fix on location.  After that it is simply a matter of flooding the area with enough black and whites to find the phone (in this case, the car that OJ was driving around in, which they did pick up from a helo).  No real need for special gear, other than what it might take to track a signal through triangulation on a local basis; standard FCC gear for hunting pirate radio and video bands, and easily available for law enforcement.  So think of your cell phone as a leash, 'cause that's what it is.
Anyone else notice a serious *lack* of usage of cyberpunk style journalism in this one?  Scanners to track police, listening in on 911 reports, hunting down the local cell phones to listen to them, a directional mic to hear negotiations.
The local LAPD didn't even know how to pull the number of their own cell phone.
Back to lurking...  ;)
[A special note to our friends in the intelligence community out there...
 Tag, you're it!
 With love, The Nemesis Group]

@_date: 1994-06-25 21:41:13
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: One man's view on Clipper... 
Cypherpunks...  just thought I would contribute my two cents on the recent developments, by showing you a response I wrote to a friend on the issue recently.  I've been building anti-Clipper sentiment in some 'old school' businessmen friends of mine, since my belief is in free markets and money The politics of Clipper are insidious.  If it actually gets passed off as the standard, it will show up in pretty much any standard product that will hook into the grid.  Most people, since there is already encryption built into the products they use, won't advocate the use of anything else, and more importantly, won't PAY for anything additional.  I can tell you from experience,
people won't buy security products, there is no security market; security is something that people expect to get built in to a system.  The only reason that there is any market to speak of at all is a symptom of just how bad the current security situation is--essentially, most systems, including critical ones, are wide open, and you can certainly say that secure communications make up less than 1% of the total amount of traffic on the grid.
So what happens when Clipper gets in?  People once again abdicate responsibility
for handling their own security and secure communications.  Why pay more (money,
time, effort) when it is already taken care of?  The market for competing products dries up; interest dies.  If there is no money, how can you expect to pursue a product or create a market?  There is no perceived need to address.  And so Big Brother wins; they once again become the only experts in the field, since they are the only ones with the money to continue playing the game.  Direct outlawing of the technology would only make martyrs of the people trying to present it.  Instead, the government is striking in a much more intelligent and, from my viewpoint, dangerous strategy.  Their [govt] encryption scheme is good enough...  Yes, there are holes, but only to 'hackers'...  People who want to have secrets must have something to hide...  Only criminals will need to protect themselves, and have additional security and cryptography....  The folks
at NSA have struck a blow from a very advanced PsyOps perspective, rather than a
cryptographic one.  They destroy the marketplace, and also attack any popular support that could be put to good use by the opposition [cypherpunks].  Does this outlaw other cryptographic methods?  Not at all; there is the fiction of choice still available (the old game of "let them hold free elections as long as
we get to choose the candidates").  Cypherpunks and others who are concerned will be the 'lunatic fringe.'  And their more secure traffic will stand out like
a sore thumb; somebody somewhere will be making lists.
So at this stage, I am increasingly convinced that the solution, actually the groundrules of the game, are not technical at all, but belong solidly in the realm of political warfare.  It just so happens that I know more than a little about that game.
The rest of the communication is confidential, but I thought you folks would appreciate some additional thoughts.
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
An old hand at political warfare...

@_date: 1994-06-26 20:48:49
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: More of one man's opinion 
Hello again Cypherpunks...
A fast follow up to the previous note I dropped at the list...  I was asked by a
group of businessmen to explain, following up my previous message, why the government was restricting exports on crypto gear/software/knowledge when everything else in the inventory was being shoved out the door, as well as why the media wasn't getting into the picture.  My answers:
If the domestic market dries up for a product [alternative cryptographic solutions besides Clipper], then traditionally a provider will look to export his products to available markets overseas.  With the requirement of a munitions
license to deal in these products, few software or hardware houses are going to attempt to get approval and deal with the problems of selling the product overseas.  It fits into the strategy of market denial--create apathy at home so people can't support the advances there, and prevent them from making money overseas.  Consider it 'follow the money'' in reverse--watch what happens when there is no money to be made in an area.  Classic 'die-back.'
As for media coverage on the issue, look at what we are talking about.  Can you explain it in 4th grade language?  Can you put the issues on a 3x5 card?  Where is the 'sizzle,' as they say in the news biz?  A new product release of PGP?  So
what.  Barlow or other EFF members write an article or speak?  So what.  Phil makes a comment?  So what.  Where is the blood, the arrests, the kicking in of doors, the things that make for news?  Nada.  To sustain interest, you have to have 'developments,' witness the Simpson fiasco.  Why does that so dominate the attention of the media and the public?  Because the lid gets peeled back and people get to hear more dirt every day.  Just try to peel back the lid at NSA, I
dare you.
What is the solution?  There isn't one.  There was all sorts of noise when it first became an issue.  That noise was in fact detrimental to the cause.  Now a news organization will say "we covered that already, so what's new...  nothing? drop it."  The only thing that can be done is by the continuing effort to discover 'developments' and make those known.  Find the holes.  Tell people.  Keep the situation buzzing.  Right now, there is a lot of 'preaching to the choir' going on; lots of high-fives and back-slapping, and when it all is said and done, the government still gets its way.  Push on the issue and expand it; demonstrate how strong crypto can be used for secure operating systems and viral
protection (don't look for viral signatures, MAC executables and look for changes).  Is Clipper the choice of the National Information Infrastructure?  If
it is, kiss any effort at ANY other form of crypto good-bye.  Develop alternates
that are more appealing to the market for NII.  Push stories of how international industrial espionage is attacking American business, and how strong crypto is needed for commercial enterprise (site the French attacks on companies such as IBM, where the DST [French intel] was the perpetrator, and they could break Clipper).  Cypherpunks write code, but they also need to wage political war against the enemy.
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
[A special note to the government 'stoolie'; tell the boys back at McLean and Meade that their purchases through the Maryland Procurement Office are in public
databases, and are quite revealing!  Tag, you're it!]

@_date: 1994-06-27 02:01:16
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: RE: Is the NSA competent? 
I think that this message betrays a serious misconception that a number of people likely share, and that has to do with the levels of security offered by commercial versus military methods.
NSA has never portrayed themselves as having any role in the creation of commercial systems until recently (the last few years) when in-fighting developed between their organization and NBS now NIST (NSA wanted DES to remain the standard, NBS wanted to change).  NSA-CSC will evaluate commercial security products to give them an Orange Book rating (a rating which was meaningless when
it was created, thanks to viral/worm technology), but keep to themselves as an arm of the military.  The cryptosystems that the anonymous author notes are all commercial level systems; NSA concentrates on cryptosystems that have greater requirements than the free market.  It is widely rumoured that they had public key systems for secure key management before Diffie-Hellman.  Their role in engineering the S-boxes for FDES is documented.
The assistance they gave to commercial organizations to provide system integration style 'one shot' systems for military use created a number of companies, such as the Honeywell Secure Computing Technology Center, as well as a number of DARPA funded groups such as Cray and Thinking Machines.
As the saying in the intelligence community goes, their successes are never known, but they will always be judged by their failures.  Don't assume that you have probed the depths of the NSA's abilities by their unwillingness to play on the commercial playing field; underestimating an opponent will lead you into gross miscalculations.
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
[Today's Fun Math Problem:  Given an exhaustive search method, how long would it
take to discover the key of a standard DES financial transaction using four Connection Machines?  There are more than that in the basement at Fort Meade, or
at least they purchased that many during the time period they used the Maryland Procurement Office to buy them.]

@_date: 1994-06-27 12:45:23
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: RE: NSA and competence 
An anonymous author comments on my comments...
I always love it when they try to get a personal attack in first; be that as it may, I prefer to think my reading competence is quite adequate, thank you.  As for there not being any branches of mathematics that differentiate between application, you make a serious error when you fall into the standard academic 'if they didn't publish it, they didn't do it' mentality.  Unlike corporations such as AT&T with the old Bell System Technical Journal or IBM with their internal publication of their own filed patents (and technical papers designed to act as prior art to prevent *others* from filing patents), NSA and the others
who make advances do not publish, but build systems that stay in the defense sector and remain classified.  If you want an interesting clue as to what sort of things they will leak into the commercial domain every so often, research the
creation of relational databases and the involvement of CIA; it is quite As for their making advances, they have done it on a number of occassions, and I
think you would benefit by reading a good primer on the history of the topic and
organizations.  Kahn or Bamford would do nicely.  As for rumours...  I am uncertain of which rock you have been hiding under, but until recently, they weren't even officially recognized, and capabilities that we know about are known more from leaks or defectors.  NSA is a military organization and is run as one; the snake pit that the anonymous author works in may operate on rumour, but these people do not.
Actually, the argument they are truly using is one of 'the child down the street
can listen to your portable and cell phone conversations, and this will stop that.'  What Skipjack and Clipper provide is a higher floor for the average person; it also, incidentally, kills the viability of the marketplace for alternate solutions.  No money, no advances.  Life gets simpler for them.  I have pointed this out in my two earlier posts, which you in fact are commenting NSA didn't get anyone to do anything; the situation is status quo--crypto wasn't
liberalized for export, which is what Cypherpunks want, and would have constituted a change.  NSA has a very real function, which I would like to remind you of--they are responsible for the introduction of technology security into the Defense Department.  Based on track record, from 'spy birds' capable of
picking up a conversation on the ground, to creating the first evaluation rigor of computer security (even though Orange was out of date when instituted), they have been doing it.  As for political ability, of course they are no slouch; they view it much as I do, a form or warfare, which they are very good at.  Has their mission gone away?  Not in the least; they are still the watchdog of the airwaves.  People who think that NSA and CIA have no remaining mission are people who have no understanding of what they do.
as I don't think you know *how* they use the gear they have, so I recommend you don't make comments that you are not informed to make.  My awe of NSA comes from
viewing them as a powerful opponent with incredible resources, but as one who is
limited by their own tradecraft; a healthy respect, but we hold our own.
You do raise an interesting point, and that is the ability of groups such as NSA
to abuse their Classification priviledge.  They do.  Everyone in the intelligence community does.  Far too much material is considered classified.  The hazards of professional intelligence organizations stem from classification;
they aren't open to outside review, analyses can end up driven by political agendas rather than available facts (see Casey and his positions vis a vis terrorism and State sponsorship by the Sovs and Libyans, neither of which is accurate), and sometimes gross errors are covered by the same cloak of secrecy. Do not, however, assume that they do not know and perform their job to the best of their abilities, or you will be in the position of the mark talking to a cardsharp:  'I'm not any good at cards, but I sure do like to play for money.'
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
[The Maryland Procurement Office, which was the shell used to purchase budgeted items of a 'black' nature by the intelligence community, actually published (by accident) their complete records during the hottest part of the Cold War.  You can find them if you look in the right place, and see what it was that NSA, CIA,
etc. were spending their money on.  Capability is augmented by resource, including such hardware, and so this gives vital clues as to the lines they were
developing themselves along.]

@_date: 1994-07-01 16:07:21
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Politics and crypto 
There seems to be a debate floating through here on how an individual's political beliefs may influence their usage of cryptography.
When I was first formulating my personal beliefs regarding politics, it seemed that Western democratic nations had created an artificial dichotomy for themselves. The political Left had the belief that while you, an individual, should have the right to do what you want with your body (free choice, free speech, substance use, etc.), they wanted to control what you did with your money (social programs, playing field leveling, etc.). The political Right had the belief that you should have the right to do what you want with your money (free markets, minimal taxation, etc.), but not with your body (right to life, war on drugs, etc.). The 'lunatic fringe' opinion, that there was no dichotomy, and that you should be able to do what you want with your money/body because they are the same thing, was the Libertarian position.
Personally, I feel that a perfect world should be Libertarian. In reality, I believe that political systems evolve, and that the supporting infrastructure of
the region in question will dictate the most efficient form of government for it
(I'm sorry, but regions in South and Central America do not have the supporting economy to actually afford the luxury of democracy). Politics are a tool for control, but as a system, they are subject to the same evolutionary pressures as
organic systems.
Just as lower life forms in simple ecological niches evolve into higher life forms in more complex niches, political systems evolve as well. There is a good reason why revolutionaries in very poor nations tend to espouse socialist or communist rhetoric--those are political systems that can raise the quality of life considerably and immediately, a necessity for partisan support. Only once there is a strong enough foundation in place can a Nation (not Empire) support the freedoms and inefficiencies of a democracy; when the time is right, it will happen on its own (witness the collapse of the Soviet Union--the well educated population in central, controlling regions decided they wanted a better lifestyle). Sadly, this is why many American attempts to foster democratic tendencies in satellite nations or in countries in turmoil have failed. It would
be like trying to build a self-sustaining aircraft manufacturing plant in primitive Africa. In such a case, it is easy to understand how anomalous this is--there is no infrastructure to support the plant, and there is no point in having the planes that it would produce. Thus the lack of a political doctrine here--it would be inappropriate. Who can tell the proper order of things? Who can say that it wasn't a natural occurrence that the USSR brought the region from a backward agrarian economy into the industrial age and could go no farther? Who can say if the 'top of the food chain' is really a representative democracy? Not I. Note that this does not reflect the need, at all levels, for basic human rights (Maslow's hierarchy).
Cypherpunks need to view political beliefs as orthogonal to what they doing.  For propaganda purposes (read 'psychological warfare'), arguments do need to be structured along lines that the target audience can understand. When talking to the Western Left, push examples that stress the emotional human rights; arguments for the Right should be reasoned on an economic basis.  Libertarians will understand either. Anarchists will appreciate the 'sand in the gearworks' appeal of strong crypto.
As a side note, the Clinton Administration seems to be veering off into dangerous territory for citizens of America. They seem to want centralized control of both aspects, a person's body *and* money; programs such as healthcare, Clipper, national ID cards, national information infrastructures, and so forth are all direct yet subtle attacks on such basic freedoms. It creates both the motive *and* mechanism for tyrrany.
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
An old hand at political engineering...

@_date: 1994-07-02 12:36:10
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Passwords, passphrases, etc. 
The evolution of the discussion here regarding passwords or passphrases is a telling indicator, and one which people here should think about, because you are
reinventing the NSA.
You start with a desire for privacy/secrecy, and so you create a package as a functional cryptosystem.  The requirements of the cryptosystem, however, makes memorization of the cryptographic key non-trivial (and nobody here suggests offline storage, as the NSA primarily uses); this causes you to use an access control mechanism that protects the key on a local basis.  This then makes you think about armoured operating systems, physical security of the site, biometric
security, signals emission, coersion methods, etc.  It is a capsule history of the enemy, and I hope it helps you understand what created them; the major difference was that they had an available budget and potent adversaries.  Imagine the cypherpunks sitting around and attacking their own system and others
(Clipper, for instance), getting paid to write code, build hardware, whatever necessary to attack/defend, and with operational support and infrastructure.  Quite educational, isn't it?
Another brief observation you might want to think about in regards to the implications; the data in the public domain for cryptanalysis tends to be based primarily in the English language (frequency tables, dictionary attacks, etc.). Isn't it striking that so little of similar data has leaked out for what one can
assume were the real targets--Russian, Arabic, German, etc.?  Seems to be quite an effort to attack English-based systems.  There also seems to be an unusual silence on what one would consider to be important cryptanalysis data--if you were NSA, wouldn't you be certain to suppress data that helped your adversary?  Just food for thought.  Is this a true emphasis or a Potemkin village?
One benefit of being multilingual; all access codes that I need to remember are obscure phrases in little known dialects.  I imagine they would look like gibberish to the uninitiated.
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
[I hope that the record of purchases made through the Maryland Procurement group
are making their way from systems such as Mead Data and into private systems for
analysis; warning, access of such data is expensive.]

@_date: 1994-07-02 16:00:37
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: 'Black' budget purchases 
I didn't comment before on Michael Wilson's revelations about the
Maryland Procurement Office (and how it revealed NSA purchases). But I
will now.
Actually, there are much cheaper way to get even more accurate data.
Gunter Ahrendt has been the compiler of a list of supercomputer sites,
a list which he publishes weekly in comp.sys.super. (I haven't seen it
recently, so it may be dormant for the summer.)
Here's an excerpt for the NSA and CSS:
2) 83.73 - (02-JUN-1993) [NSA]
        National Security Agency,California,US
        1) 3 * Cray C916-512  83.73
3) 69.79 - (22-JUL-1993) [CSS]
        National Computing Security Center,Central Security
        Security Agency Headquarters,Fort George G Meade,Maryland,US,
        postmaster
        1)     TMC CM-5/512     ~35.04  {linearly scaled from a 64CPU
        2) 5 * Cray Y-MP/8-256   34.75
I don't discount the possibility that NSA, CSS, NRO, etc. try to hide
some of their purchases--certainly in budgets, if not physically. But
in general they have little to gain by hiding the fact that they have,
for example, 8 Connection Machines. After all, Thinking Machines knows
(purchase, service), and word gets out.
Ahrendt has had good accuracy.
In any case, the number of supercomputers the NSA and its related
affiliate agencies have is not too worrisome to me.
--Tim May
---	end of inclusion	---
The data from the Maryland Procurement Office that is stored in certain databases (and removed from others, as I have just discovered when I checked) provides the complete 'black' budget purchases of the intelligence community, not just their purchases of supercomputers.  Such raw data goes a long way towards confirming other bits of intelligence, such as the establishment by NSA of its own chip manufacturing facility owing to a lack of trust in undocumented sections of commercial silicon.  This data is useful beyond knowing the numbers of supercomputers available (although it does help provide an upper boundary on raw processing power, useful for quantifying tolerances).
What we find interesting regarding the number of supercomputers at NSA is what they do to the keyspace; a supposition of ours from the early period of commercial public key was an attack on the domain of potential keys.  Given a known keylength, a powerful systematic search for primes that fit that range can, over time, begin to damage the strength of the system.  Careful analysis of
technical resource also allows one to speculate--are CM platforms (pardon the pun) used for exhaustive systematic search for keys, while Cray systems are used
for attacks on the keyspace?  Differentiation of parallel versus scalar processing towards attack domains is interesting.
Additionally, having such information is useful beyond its application towards analysis.  Operationally, it is useful for an adversary to know, for instance, that photo recon analysis is performed on NeXT workstations.  This knowledge provides specifications on just what can achieved in the way of image enhancements, etc.  It also opens up a realm of options in informational warfare; knowledge of the target platform is critical toward building a tailored
attack mechanism to cripple their capability, while knowledge of their providers
supplies an adversary with the introduction mechanism (there is no such thing as
an isolated system).
Michael Wilson
Managing Director, The Nemesis Group
The Adversary

@_date: 1994-07-02 18:05:16
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Reply to Tim May's comments 
Tim May wrote (reply comments offset by leading '***'):
NSA undocumented numbers That the NSA contracted National Semiconductor to build a facility
on-site has been common knowledge since 1989-90. The fab is not state
of the art (i.e., is not 1.8 micron or better) and is believed to be
used for the very reasonable purpose of producing keying material in a
secure environment (ROMs, PROMs, fuse-linked micros, PLAs, etc.). It
is unlikely--but possible--that high-performance micros are being
manufactured there.
*** We were tracking NSA purchases of material over a decade ago; as for their usage of the technology, my statement was simply that they felt, after serious analysis, that they couldn't trust commercial silicon.  The issue was trust, not
computation power.
on This is nonsense. A typical 1024-bit RSA system uses p and q close to
512 bits each, e.g., 511 and 513. Whatever.
Now a 512-bit number is a 150-plus decimal digit number. About .5-1%
of all of these numbers are prime (by the Prime Number Theorem, or
somesuch...about 1/N of all N-digit numbers are prime, as I recall).
How big a keyspace is this to start searching "systematically"?
Considering that there are "only" about 10^73 particles of all kinds
in the entire universe (based on our best estimate of the size of the
universe, the density of galaxies, gas clouds, etc.), this means that
if every particle in the universe were searching for and recording the
primes they discovered, each particle would have to store 10^77
So much for "a powerful systematic search for primes that fit that
*** You assume that your selection of primes is random; it is the case, particularly in the initial usages of public-key systems, that attacks could be made on keyspaces based on the prime generation method.  A point that number-crunch jockeys tend to forget is that psychology and systems analysis provide greater in-roads against secure systems than brute force.
"Parallel versus scalar processing"? Parallelism means nothing at
these scales...see the above point.
*** Your point is orthogonal to our point.  The two systems are used for different attacks--parallelism can be used for exhaustive search, such as for DES keys, while scalar processing can be used for testing primality.
--Tim May
*** TNG

@_date: 1994-07-09 00:49:19
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: National Highways to National Information Infrastructure 
Mr. May brought up the interesting correlation between the two project;
many of you may not be old enough to note that the first project mentioned,
that of the national highway system in the United States, was sponsored
by your current Vice President Gore's father, the OTHER Senator Gore.  It
was what is politely termed 'pork' then, just as NII is pork now.  Just how
much money do you think companies are making off the new export liberalization
and stand to make from the NII?  Who profits, or as came from the Watergate
era, follow the money.  No wonder the politically active players seem to
be rolling over on some issues; they are being given an annuity for the next
twenty years.

@_date: 1996-04-06 07:56:14
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Was Cohen the first? 
I ran across the following article, and it set me to wondering--did
Dr. Cohen actually publish on 'computer viruses' before anybody else?
He continues to use it as the bedrock of his reputation capital, so if
this pre-dates his 'seminal' article, please let me know.
Included message:
For Liz Bass or Reg Gale
9:31 AM Friday, April 5, 1996
By Lou Dolinar
 This is still my favorite computer story.  I'm not saying it was the first
piece ever written about computer viruses, but I won't say that it isn't.  I
still have the original, dated  April 16, 1985.  In some ways I wish I hadn't
written it, because it was posted and reposted on bulltetin boards all over
the U.S., and seems to have subsequently inspired a whole generation of virus
writers.  Note to kids: back then, most computers didn't have hard disks, and started
up from floppies, hence floppy based viruses were a big deal.
 As usual, The Hacker wasn't paying for his midnight phone call; he had
stolen the line from one of the long distance phone services.
 What's up? I asked. The 17-year-old snickered. Doom was ahead for all Apple
II owners.  "Don't engage in casual disk-copying with strangers," he said.
 "You might catch an operating-system virus."
 Now the hacker has a pretty hefty national rep in the computer underground,
so when he talks about this crazy stuff, it's worth listening.   I've seen
whole collections of pirated games software bearing his nom de hack, and his
black-bag jobs on mainframes would curl your hair.
 In case you're not familiar with software piracy, manufacturers build
protection schemes into their programs to prevent people from making illegal
copies and siphoning their profits.  Dedicated pirates like my friend spend
hours, sometimes days, cracking these schemes then release them, illegally,
free, to the public over a network of electronic bulletin boards that can be
reached with a phone, a computer and a modem.
 The Hacker always imprinted his name, electronically, on the game that he
cracked ("Cracked by The Hacker, July 4, 1978"). And therein lies this tale.
 A couple of years back, he recalled, some teenagers in the Milwaukee area
stole his stolen programs and released them under their own names.  Why
bother, you ask?  Because the hacker whose name the stolen program bears
receives the "credit" for having cracked the piracy protected program and,
thus, is viewed with some degree of appreciation by similarly larcenous
wizards in the computer underground.
 The Hacker was outraged and plotted a diabolical revenge: A wizard of code,
he constructed ted what he calls an "operating system virus" for the Apple II
computer.  The operating system, you may know, loads into the computer before
the program and controls the functions of the computer.
 The Hacker modified the operating system  erase whatever disks were in the
computer after they had been used 25 times.  Not only that, but the "virus"
would attache itself to any other discs that were loaded during the
particular session of computer use.  Thus,k if you played a "virus" carrying
pirated game, and then went on to use your $495 word processor and $795
data-base program, these too would be infected and would cash after their
25th use--and in the meantime, they would be spreading the "virus."
 Like any disease, then, Killer-DOS, as The Hacker dubbed it, has a latency
period, which allowed it to spread to other "victims" He inserted it into a
recently cracked games program, put it on an electronic bulletin board
frequented by the Minneapolis crowd, and sat back to watch the fun.  A couple
of months later, whole libraries of disks were begin wiped out as the
 "disease" spread.
 Now Killer-DOS is common knowledge in the underground, it it wasn't the
reason The Hacker called.  It seems he had, in a frenzy of anti-social
behavior, created a particularly virulent form of Killer-DOS that didn't
crash until it had been loaded 150 times---with a longer latency period, the
potential number of victims rises geometrically.  But conscience prevailed.
 The Hacker decided not to release the bug.
 Then, however, just like the Andromeda Strain, the bug got loose anyway--the
Killer-DOS disk got mixed in with "healthy" programs, disks that he has been
handing out for the last couple of years and are now all over the country. So
if you find a worm in your Apple, don't say you haven't been warned.

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:05:01
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Remailer chain design docs? 
Would somebody be so kind as to point me at the design documentation for
remailers and chain remailers?  I feel a need to code, and want to see
the design on the current systems before I jump in.  Danke, MW

@_date: 1997-05-11 07:31:26
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Political action and cypherpunks 
Given the recent comments on cypherpunks, I thought I would point out
a potentially useful resource:
It might give the more 'political action' minded some useful ideas.
Hierarchical organizations of all sorts orient around a monopoly. That
monopoly may be of force (as in 'gunpowder empires'), information
(particularly in intelligence organizations), command (as in military or
political structures), benefit (family or religious structures, where the
hierarchical control comes from the ability to dispense food, wealth,
etc.), interpretation (as in the Soviet State, which was the arbiter of
the dialectic), etc. Monopoly reservation or control of some resource
automatically equates to a dependency. What does this say about the
battle to control cryptography?
This is my PGP key; there are many like it, but this one is mine:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1997-05-14 01:16:48
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Infowar, war, and cpunks 
If any cpunk is interested in infowar, but with a strong crypto
perspective, help yourself to:

@_date: 1997-05-19 05:39:05
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Re: Crypto, C4 Explosives, and Destroying the Infrastructure 
I would assume that anyone considering the potential of infrastructural
warfare attacks in a dramatic setting would have to handicap the moves
of the opposition force--the mechanisms of tradecraft in the modern
age are such that the anti- and counter-terror forces are whistling
in the dark as they pass the graveyard.
The modern terrorist or opposition force will use whatever makes them
the most effective--if that means, on the cost/benefit curve, that
they use explosives, then by all means they will.  Terrorism evolves
under pressures much the way any other social element does; in this
case, evolutionary pressures are those of environment and predators.
As the security increases or improves, terrorists have historically
advanced as well (guns to explosives when airport security improved,
and the coming shift to chemical or biological weapons, as thermal
neutron analysis comes on-line).  Predators, such as intelligence or
law enforcement, merely serve to cull the herd a bit, which is why
you see fewer but more effective terrorist attacks, even as narrowly
defined in the recent U.S. State Dept. reports.  As for publication or
other expansion on the subject matter, let me point out my own work on
the topic (always pro strong crypto, pro cypherpunks, incidentally).
Infrastructural warfare is a field that should interest cypherpunks--
it has been my strongest argument for getting government out of the
security and cryptography business for a number of years now.  Feel
free to reference the URL:
Particularly of interest to cypherpunks (or anyone with an interest
in how to run an untraceable opposition force that could give most of
the infrastructure a good thrashing):
Waging IWAR (1997)
"So as not to alarm the reader, let me advise you that this paper is
intended as an informal presentation of the material, very much in the
spirit of 'let us conspire!' What has been sorely lacking in
treatments of the infrastructural warfare (IWAR) subject matter has
been a practical, personal approach of thinking about, planning, and
waging IWAR operations. Given the nature of most of the professionals
acting as documentarists, the published materials are strong on theory
and speculation, and short on practical guidelines. I shall attempt to
begin to fill that gap, and I hope the reader will accept a temporary
'partnership in crime' as we work through the problems facing an
opposition force (OpFor) together.
This paper is be broken into four sections:
-Definitions, assumptions, and theory; the conceptual basis of
IWAR is important to review;
-Exploration of OpFor as a practical matter;
-A set of IWAR potential operations, for which I have chosen a
variety of examples;
-Defense-In-Depth, battling IWAR."
Infrastructural Warfare Threat Model (1997)
A threat model is essential to proving the validity of the threat
posed by infrastructural and information warfare (I2WAR); exploration
of the scope/activities of the threat are essential to understanding
the threat and mounting a defense against it. An opposition force' is
postulated and explored for its intent, organization, communications,
recruiting, armament, intelligence gathering and analysis, and
funding. A methodology for defining the infrastructure and
dependencies is proposed. I2WAR is defined as conflict oriented around
denial of service attacks on physical infrastructure elements
(including targets such as communications, public utilities, financial
organizations, transportation mechanisms, public facilities/events,
emergency management services, commerce, and government), denial of
service attacks on virtual' infrastructure elements (information
warfare), psychological warfare operations (attacks on decision
processes), and technologically augmented political warfare
(agitation, subversion, rioting; propaganda). Conclusions are drawn,
including suggestions for a defense-in-depth.
Battle for the Soul of Information Warfare: Pearl Harbor vs. the
Hashishim (1997)
Infowar has at least two distinct camps, each operating with different
basic assumptions on the threat. As these assumptions are critical to
threat modeling and defense strategies, comparing the differences is
essential. The assumptions of the Pearl Harbor' mass denial-of-service
infowar attack are contrasted with those of the Hashishim,' subtle
efforts of perversion; the historical case is presented to demonstrate
the reasoning regarding the labels. Contrasted are assumptions
regarding opposition force approach, intent, focus, targets, scale of
attack, resources of opposition force, management, command and
control, organization, funding, intelligence, defensive focus, and
political view of the problem.
Considering the Net as an Intelligence Tool (1996)
An exploration of the fitness of the net for intelligence gathering
and operational support; this is usually an assumption made by many of
the theorists on the subject, but I thought a detailed explanation
worth engaging in.
Michael Wilson

@_date: 1997-05-20 03:41:24
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: [PROJECT] Virtual c'punks forum 
Tim May recently made some comments that it might be a good idea to
avoid having any physical meetings of cypherpunks for the near future,
given the Jim Bell circumstance.  This ties in with a project that I
am currently undertaking, and I thought I would solicit assistance
from the cypherpunks
Those of you familiar with the mechanisms of the net may be familiar
with the concept of MUSHes (a variant of the Multi User Domain or
MUD).  While email/lists are a wonderful asynchronous communication
tool, the value of an interactive medium which provides real-time
discussion is a piece of the overall communication spectrum that has
been overlooked (mostly).  New efforts to move audio or video are
interesting, but the net bandwidth needed is extreme at this stage,
and frankly 'a word is worth a thousand pictures.'
Myself and a friend would like to initiate a MUSH oriented around
creating a virtual meeting place for virtual organizations, such as
the cypherpunks.  Chat systems like IRC don't provide a context,
or some of the nifty features you can build into a MUSH.  We can
provide the coding muscle (although help is always welcome--MUSHcode
is a bastard variant similar to C or PASCAL, with some LISPy list
processing), but we need a host to provide us with a machine.  If
you might be interested, drop me a line, I can feed you the MUSH
requirements (light--~20M disk space, and light processing, since
you're just moving text).
A MUSH for a virtual organization will provide benefits:

@_date: 1997-05-22 01:47:10
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Cypherpunk criminalization 
The occasion of Jim Bell's arrest provides an opportunity to consider
a number of points:
Are Federal Agents Evil?
Why is there an attempt to persecute Jim Bell, one that has many
similarities to the Olympic Park Bombing rush-to-judgment, Ruby
Ridge, Waco, OK City, etc.?  Are we to believe that government
agents are 'evil,' or True Believers that _we_ (those who are _not_
true believers) are evil?  I personally think not.  I think we are
seeing a phenomenon that is rather simple--government agents will tend
to pursue cases that may get them recognition or promotion.  People
like Jim Bell pass some mobile threshold where their case is media
'hot' or sexy enough to make it worth pursuing--the Feds get a collar
and media attention, a prosecutor gets similar benefits, judges are
notoriously easy to inflame for the proper paperwork to be obtained,
etc.  Are the rest of the cypherpunks at risk?  Looking at it with
my game theorist hat on, I suspect not--while Tim May has been
pushing the envelope recently, I don't think he's crossed any line
would allow the appearance of a 'good bust,' nor has anyone else on
the list (to my direct knowledge).  I think we're witnessing a bit
of the same mentality that literally did allow the operation of the
Nazis--they're just doing their job, just following orders, just
being part of their bureaucracy, with perhaps a few True Believers
to leaven the mix.
Technology vs. Public Relations/Propaganda
Cypherpunks write code, we hear it often enough as the credo of the
'movement.'  On the other hand, as valuable a social service as it
actually has been, the war is being fought on other terms.  Crypto
has been characterized as 'offensive' technology, in two senses of
the term--a regulated weapons technology, and a socially unacceptable
act.  This manifests in the 'what have you got to hide' mentality,
coupled with the trotting out of the Four+ Horsemen.  We're losing this
part of the war, and the cutting of more code isn't going to help us
one bit.  We need to turn the public perception around.  What we're
seeing in this case is a rather rapid erosion of the legal principles
of an expectation of privacy (I won't engage in the rather lengthy
discussion of this, but I recommend the interested parties do take
the time to read in a good law library, or hunt down the materials on
the Bork nomination to the Supreme Court).  We've become a society
that is expected to publicly air our dirty laundry, to march onto a
television talk-show and expose our faults, foibles, and felonies.
We need to fight back in ways that communicate to Joe Sixpack, also
known as the Common Man--we all have secrets, we all have things we
don't want people to know.  Build the database!  Get the testimonials!
Let me briefly mention some of the sorts of need for privacy, secrecy,
anonymity that are socially acceptable, and which we need to use to
reinforce our own message:
--AIDS testing;
--Illness diagnosis, such as cancer;
--Financial information: credit card numbers, bank balances, net worth;
--Dropping the dime on crime: mob witnesses, corporations, your noisy
neighbor who abuses their kids but owns a shotgun;
--Donations to needy causes, but not wanting everyone to have their
hand out;
--Personal habits: alcoholism, drug use, gambling addiction, sexual
--Common law privileges: confessional, physician or attorney relation
to their client.
In short, we all have things we want to remain secret, and we certainly
don't want them to be 'exposed,' or to fall into the wrong hands. We
need to take the issue back from the criminalization of having secrets
to a place where crypto is viewed as a defensive technology--we're
entitled to it, and our privacy.
Crypto vs. the Government
This is the biggest area of contention.  The cypherpunk case is that
strong, unescrowed cryptography is essential--we have no reason to
assume that government is our friend (pull out the file of long-term
government abuses here, from using the IRS to pursue political
targets to the mail-opening programs of the FBI/CIA), and more to the
point, this isn't a 'local' issue that is categorized by a singular
stance on the part of the U.S. government.  The cryptosystems we
build and promote are used in places where they protect human rights
workers, economic security and competitiveness, privacy, etc.  The
Internet and the tools are global, so we're on a battlefield that also
-Europe, including the Former Soviet Republics and Bosnia, where strong
crypto is critical for freedom-loving movements;
-Asia, where users of strong crypto use it to prevent competitive
intelligence or organized espionage programs from impacting on their
business, in particular, from actions of those U.S. 'allies' Japan,
Korea, China;
-the Middle East, where strong crypto protects human rights workers,
businesses, and individuals who have an un-Islamic taste for things
like pornography, or news; see 'rogue' States like Iran, but also
U.S. 'allies' like Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Israel, Kuwait, etc.
And the global battle means that we have to set an example, allow access,
and fight those efforts on our own turf (does anyone really think that
Asian or European competitive intelligence or espionage efforts don't
also take place on American soil?).
The U.S. government has made good use of the insinuation that if we
have things to hide, then in a free and open democracy, we must be
actively engaged in criminal activity.  Certainly, strong cryptography
of many sorts is being used to protect criminal activity.  It is also
a principle upon which the American system is based that you don't
deprive the rights and freedom of the majority, those who have not
committed any crime, merely in an effort to pursue the felonious.
This is why you still need a properly executed warrant to search an
area which has an expectation of privacy (which _is_ being slowly
eroded as a legal principle, which we need to point out as a trend).
As Tim May likes to point out, there are an increasing number of laws
that individuals can be pursued under, with ever more general levels
of interpretation.  Convictions make convicts.  Bureaucracies tend
to grow, seeking more power for themselves, until 'that which is not
compulsory is illegal, and that which is not illegal is compulsory.'
Students of history are well aware of what comes next in the cycle--
revolution.  My only observation on this is that America has always
been willing to speed through trend curves, and it looks like she is
flooring the accelerator in this case--from growing State, to global
Power, to dying Empire.  Think of it like an organic system, and
like any entity, it reacts poorly to what it rightly views as being
a threat to its own survival--cypherpunks among many.
Sign me:
A Man With Many Secrets and Much to Hide
Michael Wilson

@_date: 1997-09-12 05:40:56
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Press <sarcasm> 
Perhaps we should start suggesting to members of the press that they
ask the U.S. Congress members how far they take the position of key
After all, the primary government utilization of cryptography is in
the military and intelligence community.  Given the long, colourful
history of rogue operations and criminal actions hidden under the
cover of secrecy (including the usage of strong cryptographic systems),
we might propose that the U.S. and other governments escrow their own
keys--how about the UN, with the Security Council members having the
right to decipher messages, or InterPol, or the World Court.
After all, if individuals have no right to privacy, why should any
organization have one?  Is the right to privacy and secrecy something
that comes from additive rights?  Does it come from possession of
military force, up to and including nuclear weapons?  What's the line?
I personally wouldn't mind knowing the threshold I need to cross to
have a 'right' to privacy.  It gives me a goal.
What is not good for the swarm is not good for the bee. --Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Michael Wilson

@_date: 1997-09-15 08:05:57
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Escrow system design query 
Does anyone know of a solid document out there in the web that actually
describes the proposed key escrow backbone network?  After wading through
considerable junk in the search engines (my, but the net is wordy on the
topic), I didn't turn up anything that looked like architecture.

@_date: 1997-09-16 04:19:44
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Attacking GAK--team effort assembling 
Given that the U.S. and E.U. governments seem to be moving toward a
policy of key escrow/recovery, 7Pillars Partners is starting a team
effort to demonstrate the practical problems in implementing such a
system.  The plan is to have the team block out the probable design
of the infrastructure, with as many of the options available outlined
and discussed (e.g., 'escrow' itself--will a copy of the secret key
need to be sent to the escrow agent, will it be created by the agent
and assigned to the device, will the method be the use of two receiver
keys (one packet to the intended party, one to the escrow agent), will
the method be to implement a 'back door' into the cryptosystem itself),
and then a thorough expansion on all possible methods of attack on the
various elements of the infrastructure (denial, flooding, espionage,
The intent of this project is two-fold: it will provide a practical
guide that I hope will demonstrate that any key escrow/recovery system
and infrastructure, no matter how secure/safe, will fall to attack; if
such a system does end up being implemented and come into operation,
the analysis will serve as a first-approximation guide for resistance.
We could use a solid outside cryptographer, as well as an attorney
to work through the probable legal elements involved in the system.
Interest in being on the team should be indicated to:
Michael Wilson, 5514706 or partners

@_date: 1997-11-07 02:33:16
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Govt. key escrow justification 
I'm attaching the Nando and NYT pieces on the President's Commission
on Critical Infrastructure Protection.  As feared yet expected, their
effort is turning into another key escrow justification.  Anyone who
is interested, let me know, I've commented the PCCIP summary report
(the full report is classified).  I'm one of the few public strong-
crypto supporters who also happens to be a professional in the field
of infrastructural attacks, so this makes things even more lonely.
Michael Wilson
   ________________________________________________________________________
               U.S. cyberterrorism report hit on encryption stance
  ____________________________________________________________________________
      Copyright ) 1997 Nando.net
      Copyright ) 1997 Reuters
   WASHINGTON (November 6, 1997 00:53 a.m. EST  - The
   U.S. commission on critical infrastructure drew strong criticism
   Wednesday for endorsing the Clinton administration's controversial
   policy that would require government access to all private computer
   data.
   Sen. Patrick Leahy, Democrat of Vermont, said significant questions had
   been raised about the costs and feasibility of so-called key recovery
   systems.
   "Until those significant questions are fully considered and answered, we
   should be cautious in adopting grand key recovery encryption schemes
   that may only exacerbate system vulnerabilities," Leahy said in a
   statement.
   The commission's report, delivered to President Clinton last month and
   later released to the public in declassified form, warned that critical
   telephone, power, water and financial systems were becoming increasingly
   vulnerable to computer attack.
   The commission also said it favored greater use of computer encryption
   programs, which use mathematical formulas to scramble information and
   render it unreadable without a password or software "key."
   Encryption programs could be used to prevent hackers or terrorists from
   infiltrating computer networks that run critical infrastructure systems,
   for example.
   But the commission backed use of key recovery, a technology to allow law
   enforcement officials to decode any encrypted message covertly.
   "Key recovery is needed to provide business access to data when
   encryption keys are lost or maliciously misplaced, and court-authorized
   law enforcement access to the plain text of criminal related
   communications and data lawfully seized," the report said.
   FBI director Louis Freeh and other law enforcement officials back
   legislation to require all encryption products to include such features,
   but many high-tech companies, scientists, and civil libertarians oppose
   mandatory back-door access to coded information.
   The Center for Democracy and Technology, an Internet advocacy group,
   noted that a recent report by cryptography experts found that key
   recovery features added numerous new vulnerabilities to computer
   systems.
   "Key recovery is inconsistent with the (commission's) own calls for
   greater security in our nation's critical infrastructures," the group
   said.
   Robert Marsh, who chaired the commission, defended the report to
   reporters after a hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee's
   technology and terrorism subcommittee.
   Marsh contended the report took a balanced view of the encryption
   debate. "We didn't get into the encryption debate and all the nuances
   and individual decisions," he said. "We simply came on strong for
   encryption."
   In its formal recommendations, the commission urged the government to
   speed up pilot programs on key recovery, promote efforts to plan for
   implementing large-scale key recovery systems and encourage
   private-sector key recovery efforts.
     ___________________________________________________________________
      November 6, 1997
Head of Cyber-Terrorism Panel Says Encryption Rules May Be Needed
      By JERI CLAUSING Bio
     WASHINGTON The head of a presidential commission on cyber-terrorism
     on Wednesday told a Senate panel that a mandatory system guaranteeing
     third-party access to scrambled computer communications may be
     necessary if industry does not embrace the Clinton administration's
     plan for a voluntary encryption decoding system.
       ________________________________________________________________
     Robert T. Marsh, an aerospace consultant and retired Air Force
     general who is chairman of the President's Commission on Critical
     Infrastructure Protection, made the remarks in his first
     non-classified report on the commission's 15-month study and its
     recommendations for protecting the nation's computer networks from
     high-tech terrorism.
     The commission recommended a variety of proposals, including
     increased private-public partnership and information sharing, more
     comprehensive background checks on people who hold sensitive
     positions, strengthening of government computer systems and spending
     more on research to improve network security.
     But the key to national security, Marsh said, is strong encryption
     coupled with a back-door access for law enforcement officials to
     sensitive communications.
     "We want to see that adopted over all the critical control functions
     at an early date," he told the Senate Judiciary Committee's
     Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism and Government Information.
     The commission's recommendation for a voluntary system that would
     give law enforcement officials the ability to decode electronic
     messages, called a key-recovery system, mirrors that of the
     administration, which says it wants ensure such officials can gain
     access to the coded communications of suspected criminals and
     terrorists.
     Encryption policy has been a volatile topic on Capitol Hill this
     year, where bills ranging from an industry-backed ban on key recovery
     to an FBI-supported mandatory key-recovery scheme have passed various
     House committees. The Clinton administration insists it supports a
     Senate bill establishing voluntary key recovery.
     "We didn't get into the encryption debate and all the nuances of
     individual positions," Marsh said. "We simply came on strong for
     encryption. We must have encryption."
     He told the panel that "we must lower the temperature of the
     encryption debate" long enough to complete pilot projects on key
     recovery that will prove to industry that such systems can work.
     Various agencies of the federal government currently are developing
     13 key recovery pilot projects, which were on display Wednesday at a
     Government Information Technology Services conference. Marsh said the
     National Security Agency and the National Institutes for Standards
     and Technology should head efforts to perfect those systems and set
     standards for a national infrastructure protection office to carry
     out.
     Asked by the subcommittee's chairman, Jon Kyl, an Arizona Republican,
     if those controls should be mandated, Marsh responded: "We think
     businessmen will find it in their best interest to incorporate these
     controls. ... Of course, in due time, that may be an option if they
     are not willing to accept them."
     Critics blasted the report as premature and contradictory.
     "I am concerned that the report's recommendations that large-scale
     key-recovery encryption systems which allow for surreptitious
     decryption by law enforcement be deployed for use by federal agencies
     and the private sector is premature," said Senator Patrick Leahy, a
     Vermont Democrat who has sponsored a bill to relax controls on
     encryption technology."
     "Significant questions have been raised by leading cryptographers
     about the security risks inherent in large-scale key recovery
     systems, which introduce new vulnerabilities and targets for attack,
     as well as about the costs and feasibility of implementing such
     systems."
     The Center for Democracy and Technology said the "increasing
     vulnerabilities," "increasing dependence on critical infrastructure,"
     and "wide spectrum of threats" identified by the commission all
     provide powerful arguments against the deployment of the vastly
     complex and insecure systems for back-door access that key recovery
     requires.
     The center cited a recent study by 11 expert cryptographers and
     computer security experts, "The Risks of Key Recovery, Key Escrow,
     and Trusted Third Parties," which identifies numerous risks in the
     widespread deployment of such key-recovery plans. Among those risks
     is insider abuse, which Marsh said so far has been the chief culprit
     in computer-related crimes.
     Marsh said a separate section of the report makes "recommendations
     that try to equip us better to deal with the insider threat, that's a
     separate problem."
       ________________________________________________________________
    Jeri Clausing at jeri welcomes your comments and
    suggestions.
       ________________________________________________________________
                  Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company
For those who want to track this issue further, the PCCIP is at

@_date: 1997-11-24 04:58:05
@_author: Michael Wilson 
@_subject: Iraq and computers 
As you see from the news bit attached, I wonder if we'll need to worry
about 'disk escrow,' or perhaps a requirement that disks be of an
unusually large size (thus making them easier to detect), or a requirement
for diskless machines...
   ________________________________________________________________________
             Iraq reportedly hiding arms data on U.S.-made computers
  ____________________________________________________________________________
      Copyright ) 1997 Nando.net
      Copyright ) 1997 Reuters
   WASHINGTON (November 23, 1997 02:35 a.m. EST  - To
   conceal its deadliest arms from U.N. weapons inspectors, Iraq has
   increasingly turned to U.S.-made computers sold in Baghdad since the end
   of the 1991 Gulf War in violation of international sanctions, the Los
   Angeles Times reported in its Sunday editions.
   Quoting U.S. officials and U.N. diplomats, the newspaper said that Iraqi
   scientists and defense officials are using Western-made computers to
   transfer data from bulky papers to small disks that can be easily
   dispersed, making the information difficult for inspectors to track.
   In addition, they are using computers for research and development in
   the four categories specifically forbidden under the U.N. resolution
   ending the war -- nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and
   long-range missiles.
   U.N. sources did not disclose the brands or quantity of U.S.-made
   computers, except to say they make up a significant percentage of what
   was in use in Iraq, the paper said.
   "There are not garden-variety computers that you can go down to Radio
   Shack and buy," the paper said, quoting a former U.S. diplomat. "This
   requires specialized equipment and programs only available in certain
   places.
   Most of the U.S. equipment was probably purchased through third parties
   to circumvent U.S. companies' more rigorous monitoring of such illegal
   sales, U.N. and U.S. sources said, according to the newspaper.
   The use of high-tech equipment underscored how Baghdad continued to keep
   data beyond the reach of the United Nations, the paper said, adding that
   President Saddam Hussein's regime was widely suspected of using the
   three-week gap while U.N. inspectors were out of the country to further
   disperse data on disks.
   The use of computers also reflected the way Iraq used its limited
   sources to modernize its military capability rather than address
   humanitarian issues, U.S. and U.N. officials said, according to the
   report.
