
@_date: 1996-03-05 22:28:43
@_author: Tim Fulbright 
@_subject: Re: Truelly Random Numbers 
Now I, a lurker for two months, am truelly confused!  L. Deitweiler must be
right.   Surely one of you cyperpunk fellows could hack together a dongle with
some kind of AD converter and buffer ram to gather a Truelly Random Bitstream
off the environment every couple of milliseconds easier than this raindrop
scheme or recording the fan, you're haviung me on!.  Let's go back fifty  years
and get a  vacuum tube to  fitfully flicker?  I who know next to nothing about
electronics suspect  there is surely enough noise present in electornic devices
to gather a random bitstream that you could chop anywya you needed? Anyway,  y
would you need a WAN for constant raindrop number generation  when you could
just set up your random number node out in LaPush  or up in Volcano sampling
every minute ot so   : ) ?  My second overall question is, isn't the emphasis on
encryption of e-mail and e-mail emposters somewhat shortsighted?  What if, for
the masses which is all that counts,  e-mail migrates to voicemail?   The issues
aren't the same with voicemail, eg PK validation problems go out the window
since voicemail  validation could take the form of an PK encrypted voicegram. .
Something the matter with that?   It might also prevent robots from posing as
persons while still allowing aliases..    Please pardon this interruption!   I
really do admire the frankness and quality of your newslist, its democratic open
discussion on the most vital political issues facing our time ; but after
reading your mail I think that either I need seriously wising up,  or, somebody
must know where the real newsgroup is!
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2i
Comment: Requires PGP version 2.6 or later.
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-03-20 16:20:08
@_author: Tim Fulbright 
@_subject: Mr Emmett Page, Asst. Sect. Defense, CCCI 
I think you or someone here recently remarked  the U.S.Government has the only
_real_ capability to wage world  terrorism on the internet, and after I read
Frank Sowa's  feb. Boardwatch article I'm beginning to wonder.   I suppose
quoting the article at length will be at least as good as some of the other
traffic around here... just in case anybody missed it, Sowa reviewed 35 federal
reports, and quotes Page saying "As a result, we've had no choice but to create
an offensive capability in cyberspace.  I can't discuss it ... However, you'd
feel good and feel safe and secure if you knew about it"  (yeah, really)
Further, Sowa reports the Natl Defense U is forming an elite Information Corps,
'a F0rce whose scope is to fight the battles of "Information Warfare from the
Pentagon war room to the home PCs" according to DOD' (p90-92).... And further,
RAND corp is using an "all out cyberwar simulator at their research center in
Santa Monica" and... oh well,  the whole article is just crammed with stuff!
Yikes!   I would sure like to know what people think about it. thanks.
