
@_date: 1993-04-13 17:27:44
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: Encrypted Cordless phones 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
At the Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting, I mentioned two cordless
telephones that encrypt between the handset and the base unit.
Here is some information about them.
VTech Tropez 900DX
Transmits signal digitally between handset and base unit on one
of 20 channels in the 900 MHz band.  Automatically selects one of
over 65,000 digital security codes each time handset is returned
to the base unit.  Range is up to 800 meters; with up to 4.5
hours of continuous talk time.  Suggested retail cost is $349.95.
For more information:  Steve Johnson, (503) 643-8981.
PhoneMate 2910
Transmits signal digitally between handset and base unit on one
of 10 channels in the 900 MHz band.  Automatically selects one of
over 1,000 digital security codes each time handset is returned
to the base unit.  Range is up to probably about the same as the
VTech.  No figures are given for talk time.  Suggested retail
price is $219.95.  For more information:  Suzanne Nastaskin,
(310) 314-6649.
Both phones have all the usual advanced features like auto-redial
and such.  Neither company's literature tells what encryption
technology they uses.
 S a n d y
PLEASE RESPOND TO: ssandfort (except from CompuServe)

@_date: 1993-04-16 20:12:35
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: IMPORTANT--WE WON 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
FIRST, THE BAD NEWS--The government wants to control encryption.
Though they are playing coy about it, it's clear that eventually
they will try to ban "the good stuff."  It's clear Zimmermann,
and others, have gotten their attention.
NOW, THE GOOD NEWS--I t  d o e s  n o t  m a t t e r.  The game
is over.  We won.  The government may engage in holding actions,
but it still doesn't matter.  What we have here, is the State's
pitiful attempt to make the best of a bad situation.  This
amazing "policy" announcement is a tacit admission of defeat.
HOW CAN I BE SO SURE?--The cat is out of the bag.  Free, mil spec
data encryption is readily available to all.  Within a year,
equivalent voice encryption freeware will join it.  There is no
way the government can stuff the encryption cat back in the bag.
They can pass their laws.  We will do as we please--and they will
help us.
THEY WILL *HELP* US?--The Administration's plan will have one,
unintended, result.  It will give legitimacy to privacy through
encryption.  Legitimacy will beget usage.  And usage will mean
TRAFFIC.  Our securely encrypted messages will be hidden in plain
sight.  Whispers in a wind tunnel.  One digitally encrypted phone
call sound just like another--no matter what algorithm is used.
A PLOY FOR THE PARANOID--Still think the Secret Service is going
to get you?  No problem.  Just *PRE-encrypt* your phone or data
communications with your home-made encryption unit, before you
re-encrypt it using the government approved model.  ("Hey, I
don't know why you couldn't use your back door key to eavesdrop
on my secure phone.  Sounds like a personal problem to me.")
THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION IS RIGHT, TOO--Yes, we can
rejoice because we won.  But it is still important to continue
the fight against the State's last gasps.  Even when the
government is in random-walk mode, it's still possible to get
stepped on.  They have lost, but they can still do us plenty of
damage.  We should continue to press them on all fronts to secure
our victory.  But never doubt it,  W E   H A V E   W O N.
 S a n d y
PLEASE RESPOND TO: ssandfort (except from CompuServe)

@_date: 1993-04-22 11:47:22
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: AT&T/SUITS 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
AT&T:  CO-CONSPIRATORS
At the last physical San Francisco meeting, I mentioned a curious
conversation I had with an AT&T representative.  I had called him
for info about the ATT Secure Phone 3600.  What I reported to the
meeting was that while the representative would not "confirm or
deny" that the 3600 had a backdoor, his demeanor suggested to me
that it did.  Now in reviewing the conversation in my memory, I
realize that what I was hearing from him was a SMUGNESS.  It had
the flavor of the cat that swallowed the canary.  He obviously
knew about the upcoming announcement.  In retrospect, I see that
he was playing with me by dropping hints such as:  "If the NSA
were to ask us to put a backdoor in the 3600, of course we would
have to cooperate."  Talk about your "secret government."  Where
are Slick Willie's "town hall meetings" when you need them?
SUITS ME
Let a hundred flowers blossom.  Those of us who wish to fight the
good fight in suits, should do so.  Likewise, those who wish to
remain long-haired, maggot-infested, dope-smoking hippies, should
follow their hearts.  I have no problem with the "Cypherpunks"
moniker.  It hasn't hurt us, and it has brought us some favorable
publicity.  I think Perry is being an alarmist.
In one point, though, Perry is right.  He said people will listen
to unconventional folks who present reasonable ideas.  But it
appears that Perry thinks our support of freedom and privacy is
somehow unreasonable in the eyes of Joe Lunchbucket.  I
respectfully disagree.  I think we represent the essence of
American values.  All we have to do is put it in terms the are
immediate and personally relevant to the average American.
For the record though, as Tim May can attest, I am bi-cultural.
I have gotten in touch with the Suit inside me.  If Cypherpunks
ever needs a spokesperson in a "dress for success" suit, I'll be glad to volunteer.  There is one condition, however.  I will only
do it if I'm teamed with someone not in a suit; preferably with long hair and wearing tie-dyed.  Think of the photo op!
 S a n d y
PLEASE RESPOND TO: ssandfort (except from CompuServe)

@_date: 1993-04-23 11:52:49
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: MYKOTRONX 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
Following Harry Shapiro's lead, I did some research on Mykotronx
by calling up the California Franchise Tax Board.
The bureaurats told me Mykotronx is a California corporation
( in good standing.  Incorporated in April of '87, its
address is 357 Van Ness Way; Torrence, CA.  They could not tell
me if Mykotronx were publicly traded.  Its filings with the State
are not available for public inspection.
 S a n d y
PLEASE RESPOND TO: ssandfort (except from CompuServe)

@_date: 1993-04-28 10:02:19
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CLIPPER SOUND BITES 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
No matter what you think of our current and former presidents,
associating the Clipper chip with them might work in our favor.
Asking the following question might cause their supporters to
have second thoughts:
"Why haven't Clinton and Gore had a "town meeting" about the
Reagan-Bush Wiretap Chip?  Didn't they run on a platform of
change?  This sounds like business-as-usual to me."
Presumably, Reagan-Bush supporters will smell a rat--Clinton--and
oppose Clipper to thwart the new administration.  Clinton fans
will oppose Clipper because it is a leftover symbol of the hated
Reagan-Bush era.
 S a n d y
PLEASE RESPOND TO: ssandfort (except from CompuServe)

@_date: 1993-04-30 22:02:24
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: OUTDIAL SERVICE 
SANDY SANDFORT                          ssandfort
    ". . . has anyone ever given consideration to creating
    an "outdial" service?  If I could dial long distance
    into the States, and then be able to dial a 1-800 number
    that I cannot dial direct from Canada (which is most)
    this would extremely useful."
At least one service, similar to what you describe, already
exists.  It was created primarily to take advantage of the low
long distance/international rates available only from the US.
Incoming calls to the US typically cost 2-3 times as much as
outgoing calls to the same countries.
Once you have an account, you can call a special number in the
US, key in your private code, and hang up.  You will immediately
be called back by the service.  When you answer, you will here an
American dial tone.  You may then dial any number in the world.
The service charges you a fee that is substantially less than the
international rates charges in your home country.  Of course, it
also allows you to call US 800 numbers, as well.
The company, ITS, offers other services including programs for
Americans (or anybody) travelling abroad.  For more information,
              International Telephone Services, Inc.
              1750 K Street, N.W., Suite 380
              Washington, DC 20006
              Tel: 202 223 1307
              Fax: 202 296 1643
 S a n d y
         Please respond ONLY to:  ssandfort

@_date: 1993-05-11 15:52:39
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CALLER ID? 
SANDY SANDFORT                          ssandfort
You think CALLER ID isn't available where you live?  Think again.
Any time you call an 800 number, regardless of where you live,
your number is captured by ANI (Automatic Number Identification)
and given to the owners of the 800 number.  This includes the
various "crime stopper" snitch lines that claim "we don't want
your name, just the pusher's."
A special 800 number has been set up to demonstrate this.  It's:
                         1-800-235-1414
Call it, and it will recite your phone number back to you.  It
then gives a pitch for two worthwhile items--a 900 phone number
service that lets you make calls which cannot be traced by ANI,
and FULL DISCLOSURE, a privacy oriented magazine.  If you leave
your name and address, you will be sent FULL DISCLOSURE info.
Check it out,
 S a n d y  (arbitration volunteer)

@_date: 1993-05-18 12:42:45
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CALLER ID? 
SANDY SANDFORT                          ssandfort
I think some of you are seriously missing the point about the ANI
capture of telephone numbers on calls made to 800 numbers.  Yes,
yes, yes, we are all smart cookies on this list.  We can avoid
having ANI capture our number if we want to.  SO WHAT?
The insidious thing about the use of ANI is that the *general
public* has no idea it exists.  And this is because of the of
lack of candor on the part of telcos and 800 companies.  As an
example, the Bank of America includes a newsletter with their
statement.  In a recent issue there was an item about WeTip, an
800 hotline.  Here is an excerpt of what it said:
    "If you want to report information about any criminal
    activity, call WeTip at 1-800-78-CRIME and remember,
    DON'T give the interviewer your name.  You will be
    assigned a code name and number."
Now, WE know all that "code name" BS is just a smoke screen to
make the mark think he is anonymous.  Unfortunately, most folks
don't know what we know.  (Did YOU know your 800 calls were
compromised, before I posted the callback number?)
The folks at 1-800-STOPPER and FULL DISCLOSURE tell me that while
most cellular phone systems currently release only trunk numbers
to ANI, this is changing.  One by one, they are being programmed
to release the number of the actual cellular phone.  Presumably,
this is being done in preparation for Caller ID (and maybe to
assist *legitimate* law enforcement needs?).
 S a n d y  (arbitration volunteer)

@_date: 1993-05-22 10:42:43
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: PHONECARDS 
SANDY SANDFORT                          ssandfort
Eric wrote about phonecards:
    ". . . I *can't* get an account with them because I
    don't have a phone line to tie it to.  There is a phone
    where I stay, but it's not mine.
    So, I'm stuck with US Splint."
Au contraire, several companies offer anonymous phonecards.  See
my upcoming "Norman French" article in MONDO 2000, issue  S a n d y  (arbitration volunteer)

@_date: 1993-05-30 09:39:23
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: >>>>>s 
SANDY SANDFORT                          ssandfort
    " . . . So in summary, what d' y'all think of trying to
    cut down on the swarms of >>>>>>>>>>> lengthy
    full-paragraph quotes and replace them with something a
    bit more compact, eh...?"
Like that, George?
You know folks, George is right.  It isn't necessary, however, to
re-invent the wheel.  Literary conventions for text presentation
have existed for decades--if not centuries.  "NetSpeak" can be oh
so clever, but often, it's not very conducive to communication.
Almost everyone on this list took English in school (-especially-
those NOT educated in the US).  If you don't remember your
English grammar, spelling or style; buy some books.  (Or as we
say in NetSpeak, "RTFM"!)
RELATED GRIPE:  For all the excessive IQ on this list, I see lots
of poor reading skills.  As an example, I don't know how many of
you have sent responses to me at my CompuServe address, even
though I clearly request otherwise at the end of every one of my
posts.  (Didn't you get that far?)
Often, I see responses to posts that focus on what the reader
-thought- was said, rather than what was -actually- said.  Before
you go shooting from the hip, be sure you are responding to more
than just some emotionally loaded key words.  Also, I'm sure not
all of you read -your own- posts before you launch them into
 S a n d y
P.S.  Some of you may think this is not a relevant topic for
Cypherpunks.  If so, I suggest you think again.  I leave the
proof of relevance as an exercise for the student.

@_date: 1993-06-08 14:32:37
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CERT 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I would guess that the intent of the letter Eric Hughes got from
CERT was to intimidate rather than to raise some arguable issue.
I hope Eric plans to ask Ms. Katherine T. Fithen, directly, who
the tipster was ("I'm sorry, we do not divulge the names of our
confidential informants"), why someone at CERT didn't contact
Eric first, what specific allegations were made, etc.  I would
like to see a copy of such an e-mail message and its response, if
any.  What say, friend, Eric?
Intrudingly yours,
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-06-29 22:11:03
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: SEARCH ME 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Duncan Frissell's experience with the "drain police" reminded me
of a similar experience I had some years ago.  I found out that
the "building police" in Kansas City would be inspecting homes in
my neighborhood looking for "code violations."  I had put in some
electrical plugs without benefit of an electrician.  Also, I was
still in law school, so naturally I felt like raising some
(legal) hell with the Powers That Be.
When the inspector showed up, I said "no thank you" when he asked
if he could inspect my house.  If I had poll-axed him, he
couldn't have looked more surprised.  Apparently, nobody had
*ever* said "no."
After he recovered, he asked me why not.  I mentioned the Fourth
Amendment and the -See- and -Camara- decisions in the Supreme
Court.  He never came back.
I won't go into the embarrassing story of the one time I did
cooperate with the police.  Suffice it to say, I regretted it.
Both events, however, have made it clear to me that it is almost
always stupid to cooperate with the cops.
To be truthful, I strongly considered leaving out the word
*almost* in the previous sentence.  I'm afraid some of you will
outsmart yourself by thinking you can control a law enforcement
situation with "clever" cooperation.  Dream on.  If you aren't a
lawyer, it is very likely you will fuck yourself.
But shouldn't you cooperate for the little things, especially
when you know you are clean?  No, no, no, for two reasons.
First, I are you sure you are clean in the officials eyes?  The
one time I cooperated, the fact that I had 3-4 $100 bills on my
dresser made it into the cops report (though he did add, "no
other signs of drug dealing").  Are you *sure* you're clean?
Second, it's great practice.  You have a right to require a valid
warrant.  These guys (nominally) work for you.  Enjoy yourself;
make them jump through some hoops for you.  Rights are like
muscles, if you don't exercise them, they atrophy.
Use it, or loose it!
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-07-01 18:06:47
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CLIPPER IN SCIENCE NEWS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I have missed some messages because of a computer problem.
Perhaps someone has already mentioned or reprinted an article
by Ivars Peterson ("Encryption Controversy -- A Fierce Debate
Erupts over Cryptography and privacy") about the Clipper,
Capstone, et al. in June 19 issue of SCIENCE NEWS.  If not, I
would be willing to transcribe the article into ASCII and upload
it to the list if enough folks are interested.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-07-02 12:15:00
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CLIPPER IN SCIENCE NEWS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
As requested by some of you, here is the encryption article that
appeared in the 19 June issue of SCIENCE NEWS.  It's copied
without permission, for personal use of list members only, blah,
blah, blah.
 S a n d y
                          * * * * * * *
                     ENCRYPTION CONTROVERSY
                   A fierce debate erupts over
                    cryptography and privacy
                        by Ivers Peterson
With a little encryption to hide their words, Prince Charles and
Princess Diana might never have suffered the embarrassing
spectacle of having transcripts of their private telephone
conversations splashed across the front pages of newspapers
around the world.
The royal couple has not been alone in learning the painful
lesson that modern technology has made eavesdropping -- whether
officially sanctioned, inadvertent, or illegal -- remarkably
easy.  Today, cellular and cordless telephones transmit
conversations via radio waves that can be readily intercepted.
Electronic-mail messages pass openly from one computer to another
across a network accessible to innumerable people.
"We take for granted that by sealing the envelope or closing the
door, we can achieve privacy in our communications," says
Whitfield Diffie of Sun Microsystems in Mountain View, Calif.
"The challenge of modern security technology is to transplant
these familiar mechanisms from the traditional world of
face-to-face meetings and pen-and-ink communications to a world
in which digital electronic communications are the norm and the
luxury of personal encounters or handwritten messages [is] the
Modern technology has provided a solution in the form of
sophisticated schemes for encrypting digitized sounds and text.
Only a recipient with the proper key for unlocking the secret
code can hear or read the otherwise unintelligible, encrypted
string of digits.
Nonetheless, few telephones and computers used by the general
public come equipped with either software or micro-electronic
circuitry for encrypting speech or text.  Indeed, some critics
charge that the U.S. government has actively discouraged wide
dissemination of cryptographic technology.
"Conflicting signals from a succession of administrations have
led many to be very confused as to what U.S. citizens have a
right to expect from cryptographic technologies and what
capabilities the U.S. government would prefer its citizens have
available," says Stephen T. Walker, president of Trusted
Information Systems, Inc., in Glenwood, Md.
                              . . .
In April, the Clinton administration added a new ingredient that
set the cryptographic-policy pot boiling.  The White House
proposal called for the adoption of a novel encryption scheme as
a federal standard.  It would incorporate a "front door" through
which properly authorized government officials could readily
decrypt intercepted messages for reasons of law enforcement or
national security.
the proposal ignited a firestorm of protest from large segments
of the computer community.  Since then, angry debate over this
issue and the more general question of privacy in an electronic
age has dominated discourse on many electronic bulletin boards,
where individuals can post their queries and opinions on a
smorgasbord of concerns.
"Not everybody is saying this is terrible, terrible, terrible,
but nobody is happy about it," Walker says.  The list of
dissatisfied parties ranges from major computer manufacturers and
telephone companies to privacy activists belonging to
organizations such as the Electronic Frontier Foundation and
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility.
The administration's scheme has also attracted congressional
scrutiny and focused attention on the need to formulate a
coherent national cryptographic policy.  Many see the resolution
of privacy issues as one of the key elements in developing a
national information infrastructure, which would allow anyone
using a networked computer unprecedented access to libraries,
data repositories, and other information sources throughout the
United States.
"Recent years have seen a succession of technological
developments that diminish the privacy available to the
individual," Diffie stated last month in testimony before the
House science subcommittee.  "Cryptography is perhaps alone in
its promise to give us more privacy rather than less.  But here
we are told that we should forgo this technical benefit and
accept a solution in which the government will retain the power
to intercept our ever more valuable and intimate communications."
                              . . .
For many decades, cryptography remained largely a government
matter -- an arcane discipline of interest to military
organizations and to the secretive National Security Agency
(NSA), which routinely monitors foreign communications.  But the
subject also captured the attention of a few enthusiasts outside
government.  In the 1970s, the development of electronic
communication via the first national computer networks spurred
these people to look for ways to protect information in this new,
wide-open environment.
In 1975, Diffie, working with computer scientist Martin E.
Hellman of Stanford University, invented a novel, revolutionary
cryptographic technique now know as public-key cryptography.
Developed entirely outside of government, it offered a high level
of security and privacy to any individual using the system.
In conventional cryptographic schemes, the user typically has a
"key" that changes all the digits of a message into an
unintelligible string.  The recipient then uses the same key to
unscramble the code and read the message.
In a public-key system, the user has one key -- kept secret --
encrypting the message and the recipient has a different but
mathematically related key to decrypt the message.  There's no
need to keep the second key secret because, in principle, there
should be no way to figure out the private key from knowledge of
the public key.  This, everyone has a private key and a public
key, which they can then use to encrypt or decrypt messages.
Almost simultaneously, the U.S. government offered an
alternative, single-key method known as the Data Encryption
Standard (DES), for coding information.  Although experts outside
of government initially harbored suspicions that the NSA had
deliberately weakened the scheme to make code-breaking easier, 15
years of concerted effort to find flaws have failed to turn up
any serious problems.  Many banks and other institutions now
routinely use this technique to maintain the confidentiality and
integrity of communications involving financial transactions and
other matters.
                              . . .
One of the first hints of something new in the works came early
this year.  Last fall, Walker heard about a new AT&T telephone
equipped with a lightweight electronic device, basd on DES, for
turning a telephone signal into a digital stream of encrypted
information.  He ordered five of these secure telephones for his
In January, AT&T representatives told Walker they could only loan
him the telephones he wanted; something better would become
available in April, they said.  Walker noticed they no longer
mentioned DES as the encryption scheme.
"So I knew there was something coming," Walker says.  "But I
didn't know what the details were."  When the White House
announcement finally came, the details caught just about everyone
in the computer community by surprise.
In essence, the proposed "key-escrow" technology takes the form
of two specially fabricated, tamper-resistant integrated-circuit
chips -- one, known as Clipper, for encrypting digital telephone
signals and another, known as Capstone, for encrypting the output
of computers.  Information from any telephone or computer would
pass through the chip to be encrypted, and a corresponding chip
attached to the recipient's telephone or computer would decipher
the message.
However, the scheme is designed to include another key, divided
into two parts, that when reconstituted will also unlock the
message.  The administration's plan is to deposit these pieces

@_date: 1993-07-21 17:14:46
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: INTERNATIONAL ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Geoff Dale asks about statutes prohibiting the transmission of
encrypted data across international boundaries.  To the best of
my knowledge, there's no such animal.  If such exists, it is
widely violated, with impunity, by me and folks I know, on a
regular basis.
Where do these urban legends come from?  (Have I ever told you
about what happened when I put my poodle in the microwave, or
what my doberman was choking on?)
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-07-26 14:17:14
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: T-SHIRTS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Talk about synchronicity!  I just got an ad in the mail that
offers a special deal on custom *embroidered* polo shirts.  I
thought about bringing it to the next physical meeting, but
thought folks might think it was dumb.  Now with Tim May and
others raising the subject, I feel empowered.
Here's the deal.  The Queensboro Shirt Company will reproduce any
logo or design on their two-ply yarn all-cotton polo shirts.  The
special deal is the price for first-time customers--$179 for 6
shirts, $499 for 20 shirts.  I could really go for a stylized,
gold thread, "CYPHERPUNKS" on a black polo shirt.  Anyone else
interested?  I'll bring info about Queensboro and other companies
to the next physical meeting if I can make it.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-08-02 09:58:52
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: SKIPJACK PANEL 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Is it just me, or is anyone else dubious about Dorothy Dennings
and company running their various Skipjack tests ON AN *NSA*
CRAY COMPUTER?  Since many of the objections to the whole plan
arouse because of doubts about the intentions of the NSA, why
would D.D. et al. trust them to run these critical tests?  How
difficult would it be for the NSA to spoof its own computer?
Next big news items:  United Nations hires Serbian troops to
report on human rights violations in Bosnia.  Farmer Brown puts
fox in charge of henhouse.  Film at eleven.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-08-12 10:18:12
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: WIRED #4 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Paul Ferguson asks if the new WIRED is out yet.  The answer is
"yes and no."  Complimentary copies were given away at a couple
of recent conferences.  Also, subscription copies are going out
now or in a few days.  Newsstand copies should be available in
three weeks or so.
I would appreciate any Cypherpunk thoughts, opinions, questions
or raves on my article, "Intelligent Island?" which appears in
this issue.  It and William Gibson's "Disneyland with the Death
Penalty" are the lead articles in WIRED   Hope you like it.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-08-12 21:23:40
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: ATM AND IMAGE RECONGITION 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Just a minor quibble to Tim May's otherwise excellent post on ATM
cameras and image recognition.  Tim said:
    Comment: The case of banks having cameras doesn't bother
    me much at all, as the bank already knows exactly who
    its customers are. That is, the surveillance is not used
    to gather any information the bank does not already have
    immediate and complete access to.
Not quite true.  One very good privacy technique is to use an ATM
or credit card issued to someone else.  How can this be done?
Well, a friend (preferably a visiting foreigner) could do it for
you.  Or you could hire a bum (pardon; "hygienically challenged
person") to do the honors.  At any rate, you wouldn't want to get
busted by an image recognizing ATM, now would you?
 S a n d y
         "Privacy Consultation and Services since 1978"
             (Sorry Duncan, got you beat by a mile)

@_date: 1993-08-29 16:54:05
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: JURASSIC CRYPTO 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Peter Wayner quoted from an article by Jody Duncan on page 95 of
the magazine "Cinefex":
    . . . Speilberg was shooting in Europe throughout most
    of the postproduction phase, but continued to keep his
    hand in Jurassic Park through an encrypted satellite
    feed from ILM (Industrial Lights and Magic).
Maybe these folks need some stronger crypto.  I got a call from a
Cypherpunk on assignment in France.  He said that he had been
involved in an unauthorized capture and decryption some of those
very same digital dinosaurs.  He said they were "pretty cool."  I
got the impression the cracking wasn't very difficult.  Maybe
Speilberg and ILM need some expert help.  Another Cypherpunk
business opportunity?
 S a n d y
 "When crypto becomes extinct, only dinosaurs will have crypto"

@_date: 1993-08-30 11:33:47
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: JURASSIC CRYPTO 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Some of you have asked for more details about the interception of
encrypted digital dinosaurs.  Alas, I don't know much more than I
posted.  The Cypherpunk in question is still out of the country,
to the best of my knowledge.  I have no contact information for
him.  When he gets in touch with me again, I'll suggest he post
something about how the satellite feed was compromised.  To me,
the most important facts are that it could be done and that it
was done, not how it was done.  (Flame away, technoids.)
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-03 22:25:35
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: JEROME SCHNEIDER 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Just a few comments about Jerome Schneider.  In addition to the
piece in /Fortune/ magazine, there was also a segment done on him
by "60 Minutes."  During that show he did an impromptu telephone
hack for the "60 Minutes" interviewer.  At the end of the segment
when Schneider asked if he had gone straight, he answered "yes."
But when he was asked how we could be sure of that, he replied,
"you can't."  Such a kidder.
Contrary to the mythologized version of his computer crime
career, Schneider was not that technically competent.  What he
was good at was bribing telco employees to get equipment ordering
access codes and other inside information.
Because he was a juvenile when he committed his computer crimes,
he was able to have his record expunged.  He gets mad when anyone
brings up his criminal record, because, by law, he no longer has
a criminal "record."
I met Schneider a few years back when he was in the business of
selling offshore brass-plate banks.  He was in the process of
burning his bridges with government after government from the
Caribbean to the American Trust Territories.
I gave him a call a few months ago to see if he was still selling
banks through his company WFI.  He said that he was out of that
business.  He has a new company called American National
Securities which is a brokerage firm.  If you buy an offshore
bank, he will be more than happy to clear your trades through his
If Doug Merritt, or anyone else is interested in offshore banking
with a Cypherpunk twist, contact me.  I'm working with several
other Cypherpunks on some projects in that area.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-08 14:02:04
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CHAUM CHIMES IN 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
For those of you who live in darkness (i.e., don't read THE
ECONOMIST), here is a letter to the editor from David Chaum, in
the most recent issue:
    SIR--Your leader, "No hiding place", and article, "Big
    brother is clocking you" (August 7th), are to be
    commended for focusing attention on the exploding threat
    to privacy being created by piece-meal adoption of
    intrusive systems, such as automated road tolling.
    Proposing systems designed around pre-paid smart cards
    as the solution is, however, somewhat misleading.
         In French pay phones, Danish vending machines, and
    in fact all large-scale uses today, such cards must
    identify themselves during each transaction.  Even
    though your name is not on the card, it represents an
    erosion of privacy over the coins it replaces.  If you
    are once identified by even a single transaction, such
    as when you reload the card from your bank account, all
    your transaction details are linked to your identity.
         A rare few systems, however, truly do protect
    privacy.  They need not cost more, weaken security, or
    be harder to use.  The technology is described in my
    article in /Scientific American/, "Achieving Electronic
    Privacy" (August 1992).  A smart card version has
    already been demonstrated for road tolls by the Dutch
    government.  And CAFE, a project sponsored by the EC, is
    designing an electronic wallet that literally will, as
    you recommend, "leave as much control as possible in the
    hands of individuals."
    /Amsterdam/                                  DAVID CHAUM
Of course, the next letter to the editor calls for the adoption
of systems to track every vehicle at all times.  The genius who
wrote the letter, thinks it would be a good way to prevent
nuclear, biological or chemical terrorism.  Geeeeez.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-11 09:13:07
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: DIGITAL WARFARE 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Yes, strong crypto can be used for "good or evil."  That's true
of any tool.  And yes, dwelling on the darker applications may be
politically counter-productive.  But do any of you think that
curtailing such discussions will slow up the enemies of privacy
for one second?
Strong crypto is a threat to the powers that be.  Period.  We
know that, and so do they.  The will find reasons to try and stop
it.  If necessary, they will *manufacture* reasons.  They don't
care about kiddie porn or terrorism; they care about their power
base.  And their power base depends on their ability to extract
tribute.  Strong crypto and international diversification
undermine their ability to collect taxes.  They are going to
fight it no matter how innocuously we present ourselves.
I do think we should emphasize *attributes*, not particular
*applications*.  People who need strong crypto will understand
its potential.  We don't have to draw pictures.  As for the
"negative" uses, don't worry, our enemies will gladly describe
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-12 20:04:28
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: A CYPHERPUNK VISION 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
At the Bay Area physical meeting on Saturday, I gave a slightly
longer version of the following presentation.  Please make sure
you read the "call to arms" at the end.  Uncle Sandy wants you.
 S a n d y
                            *   *   *
                       A CYPHERPUNK VISION
We are fond of saying, "Cypherpunks write code," but what does
that really mean?  "Writing code" isn't just programming.  To me,
it is a metaphor for direct, personal action.  That's what Phil
Zimmermann did when he wrote the code for PGP.  But, it is also
what John Gilmore did when he sued the NSA.
Cypherpunks don't wait for other people to grant them freedom or
privacy; they do it themselves.  They use their wits and talents
to create innovative defenses and bold counter-attacks.  Cypher-
punks are the ultimate practitioners of "self-help."
So what should YOU do, to be a "real" Cypherpunk?  The answer is:
Whatever interests you.
Are you good with electronics?  How about breadboarding a voice
Can you write code?  Maybe you can make a Windows shell for PGP.
Mathematically inclined?  Tweak the algorithms.  Find the weak-
nesses; find the improvements.
Do you have a flare for writing?  Write articles or stories that
popularize the Cypherpunk world-view.
Is business or law your cup of tea?  Start a privacy consultation
business and make a buck while fighting the good fight.
Whatever you WANT to do, is what you SHOULD do.  There is more
work to be done than Cypherpunks to do it.  Any area of the
struggle that is important to you, is also important to others.
The battle for freedom and privacy is a target-rich environment.
As Marine general "Chesty" Puller said when he was told that the
North Koreans had surrounded his position, "Great, we've got them
right where we want them.  We can fire in any direction!"
So where have I decided to fire?
As many of you know, I have a background in the law and offshore
business.  Naturally, I want apply that training and experience
to fighting the technological threats to freedom and privacy that
gave rise to the Cypherpunks.  To that end, I give you my vision:
A Bank in Cyberspace.
A BANK IN CYBERSPACE
Protecting one's privacy is nothing new.  For hundreds of years,
people have protected their wealth and financial privacy by
transnationalizing themselves.  In today's world, this means
"offshore" banks and other international techniques.  In simple
terms, by diversifying internationally, you can "forum shop" for
the best deals offered by each country's laws.  Since all nations
are in competition for foreign capital, one can be played off
against another.
Low taxes and banking secrecy are two services even the poorest
of countries can offer.  As a result, tax, banking and privacy
havens are quite numerous and affordable.  Take your pick.
The trouble is, tax haven banks are often located in the world's
backwaters.  Using them just isn't convenient for most people.
The obvious answer is technology, but bankers, being conserva-
tive, have failed to plumb its enormous potential.  It's time for
a change--a Cypherpunk change.
To that end, I am introducing The Internet Digital Security Bank
and Escrow, the first bank founded in cyberspace.  The Bank would
offer interest bearing checking accounts to the 10-15 million
Internet users, plus anyone else with access to e-mail.  Unlike
traditional banks, there would be no paper checks.  All checks
would be written as encrypted and digitally signed e-mail
messages.  In the future, digital cash would also be made
available to Bank customers.
The escrow services of the Bank would be used to protect both
parties to electronic business exchanges.  The escrow services
would facilitate a wide variety of anonymous transactions.
A team of entrepreneurs, computer programers, lawyers and
financiers is currently being assembled.  If you would like to
participate in this project, please contact: Sandy Sandfort,
ssandfort  Please include your resume or other info
about your education, skills and interests.

@_date: 1993-09-15 12:49:12
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: SKIPJACK IN POPULAR SCI 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
There is a short piece about Skiptap, er, Skipjack, in the
electronics section of the October "Popular Science."  It has a
pretty good diagram and a photo of the Mykotronx chip.
It says "Bill Clinton himself decided that the U.S. government
will promote a new encoding chip for communications."  It also
quotes a guy from NIST who says, "Once you accept the fact that
law enforcement has to do its job, this is a good solution."
(Fortunately, Cypherpunks generally *don't* accept that "fact.")
A vice president at Mykotronx, John Droge, tried to create the
impression that Skipjack just sort of happened to them.  He also
gave away the real party at interest.  He said, "They [the NSA]
came to us with a neat equation and said, `Here you go.'"
The article mentioned that 85% of the comments at recent federal
hearings were hostile or skeptical.  Amazingly, the article never
quoted May, Hughes or Gilmore.  Where has this writer been?
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-21 20:18:16
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: PGP IN SF CHRONICLE 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Remind me someday to explain why I think there are only 10-20
million people in the world, max.  One "proof" is all the
"coincidences" we experience.  Anyway, here's another one.
Because I have written for MONDO 2000, WIRED and FUTURE SEX, a
friend sent me a newspaper clipping about some new culture and
technology oriented magazines.  She thought I should try to crack
FAST COMPANY sounded interesting, so I called the column's writer
to find out where it is published.  We talked for a while and he
mentioned he had an article in today's paper about the PGP
indictments, Phil Zimmermann, etc.  Hey, there are no accidents.
If I'm lyin' I'm flyin'.
The article was neutral to sympathetic.  The factual content was
okay-doke except for one misguided reference to "cypherfreaks."
Oh well, what's in a name?
The article was on the first page of the business section of the
21 September San Francisco Chronicle.  "Cypherfreak" John Gilmore
got in some good quotes.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-30 10:56:37
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Here is probably one of those dumb questions we non-technical
types ask from time to time on this list.  Please indulge me
though, in case there is something to it.
In today's America, we live under the constant threat of police
seizure of our computer equipment and other assets.  Of course,
we can encrypt the information our files, but this is, at best, a
passive solution.  Are there any positive actions we can take?
POISON PILL--What, if anything, can be done to booby-trap a
computer?  Once the cops have a machine, one would expect that
they will paw through everything in it.  In addition, they will
probably use the stolen computer for their own data processing
needs.  What could be done have the computer screw up the cop's
data days, weeks or months after the seizure?  Of course, I would
never do such a thing myself, nor would I advise anyone else to
do so.  I do, however, have a passing academic interest in the
subject.  Same for you folks too, right?
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-30 13:56:56
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: POISON PILL :-) 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    . . . What could be done have the computer screw up the
    cop's data days, weeks or months after the seizure?  Of
    course, I would never do such a thing myself, nor would
    I advise anyone else to do so.  I do, however, have a
    passing academic interest in the subject.  Same for you
    folks too, right?
Perry responded:
    Why wouldn't you? Its your machine, so what you do to it
    is perfectly legal. You are under no obligation to make
    your equipment suitable for people who wish to steal it.
Well duh, Perry.  Let me rephrase that:
    . . . nor would I advise anyone else to do so.  I do,
    however, have a passing academic interest in the
    subject.  Same for you folks too, right?
                              * *
    >>> please note! >>>>      |     <<<< please note! <<<
                             \___/
              (smiley face for the humor impaired)
But all seriousness aside, Perry also offers a suggestion about
altering the ROMs on the disk controllers and then using a
special operating system.  Sounds like a terrific idea.  Just how
hard is this to do?  How about somebody writing a how-to manual
for this?
Or maybe all we need is a sticker that says:
                           !!WARNING!!
                  This Machine is Booby-Trapped
                      Use at Your Own Risk
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-09-30 17:32:28
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Jim says I shouldn't booby-trap my computer because:
 -1 Really, really piss off those investigating you.  Nothing like
    giving people who can make your life a living hell a reason to
    want to make your life hell...
Too late, Jim, if the situations has gotten as far as warrants
and seizures, they are already making my life a living hell.
Investigation my ass; this is war!
He further states:
 -2 Opening yourself up for destruction of evidence and obstruction
    of justice charges in addition to whatever else they may have
    had on you.
Well, I haven't done the relevant legal research lately, but
that's not the way I remember things.  Plus please remember the
subject of this note--POISON PILL.  I not only want my *data*
unavailable to the bastards, I want my *computer* unavailable to
them, too.  And if possible, I would love to have it fuck up
*their data* as well.  Eh...theoretically speaking, of course.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-01 12:53:38
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: TRAVELLER'S ADVISORY 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Here's a scary (but so far imaginary) news item:
                    MILLIONAIRE HIPPIE HACKER
                     ARRESTED FOR SMUGGLING
                          WAR MATERIEL
    (San Francisco)  Silicon Valley entrepreneur and
    self-styled "cypherpunk," John Gilmore, was arrested
    today at San Francisco International Airport.
    A Secret Service spokesperson said Gilmore was
    attempting to smuggle restricted software to England
    where he was to have been a speaker at a hackers'
    conference.  The spokesperson added that the Secret
    Service has reason to believe that Gilmore intended to
    meet with members of a radical Islamic terrorist group,
    but declined to elaborate on this charge.
    Apparently, airport security personnel received an
    anonymous tip that Gilmore had hidden the software in
    his laptop computer.  The computer and several computer
    disks were seize as evidence.
Think it couldn't happen?  I'm not so sure.  It would be child's
play to plant PGP in someone's seized laptop or to put a PGP disk
in their luggage.  While they were at it, a little marijuana or
crack cocaine could be put in there too.  Think of the photo op
as John is lead away in handcuffs.  What a PR coup for the Feds.
I think this is a real danger for outspoken Cypherpunks or other
high-profile individuals such as Phil Zimmermann.  Unfortunately,
I don't have any bullet-proof solutions.  Suggestions?
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-03 11:48:57
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: POISON PILL WIMPS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I've just about had it with posts like Matthew Gream's:
    . . . attempting to play 'smart-ass' to your
    investigators is only going to result in more problems
    for you. Its a non-ideal world, and they definitely have
    the ability to cause you substantial problems.
    . . . I feel it is essential to show them everything
    that they think is there, and convince them (as they
    will not be as competent in cryptographic analysis as
    yourself [at least you hope]) that there is nothing
    hidden.
Didn't any of you appeasers and apologists read and *understand*
HACKER CRACKDOWN?  Once you are the focus of an investigation,
they are already causing you substantial problems.  Cooperation
only gives your tormentors more ammunition.  You are not going
to convince them of anything.  You cannot talk your way out of
anything.  What you can--and will--do is dig yourself in deeper.
After that, you will probably try to get off the hook by rolling
over--like a bitch in heat--on your friends and associates.
The ONLY thing that works is (a) stonewall, stonewall, stonewall
until you get competent legal representation, then (b) do what
your lawyer's says.  Period.
Consider this your wimp wakeup call.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-10 12:11:04
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Ron McCoy asked about the 1-900 number I posted some time ago.
The number is 1-900-STOPPER.
Though I originally mentioned STOPPER, I would recommend that the
better solution is to use a pre-paid calling card.  Several
companies offer them, including AT&T (buy them at AT&T Phone
Stores) and Western Union (buy them at authorized Western Union
agents).  They both charge you about sixty cents per minute for
US domestic calls (more for overseas).  They come in various
denominations ($5, $10, $20, etc.)
To use them, you dial a special 800 number.  When you get a beep,
you dial in the card's unique serial number.  When you get a
second dial tone, you dial the area code and phone number you
wish to call.  Depending upon the card you have, there will be
some method for determining how much time/money you have left
after each call.
Since I have not yet found out whether or not the issuers retain
*your* phone number (captured by ANI), or for how long, it would
be prudent to use the cards at payphones for any highly sensitive
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-14 17:20:02
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: KIDDY KRYPTO 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I was just watching cartoons on TV with my granddaughter.  I
almost missed a commercial that is right up our alley.  Casio has
come out with something called, "My Magic Diary."  It's a kids'
version of the electronic pocket planner.
What caught my attention was its password protection of the kid's
privacy.  How subversive!  Kids can now buy an encryption product
to keep their secrets, secret.  I imagine the password system is
extremely unsophisticated, but I wouldn't be surprised if it were
parent-proof.  Sure beats the hell out of those pitiful little
traditional diaries with their oh-so-pickable "locks."
Want to raise the consciousness of the next generation?  Give "My
Magic Diaries" to the kids of your anti-privacy relatives and
acquaintances.  It will empower the kids, frustrate their parents
and help pave the way for a pro-privacy future.  Like the song
says, "Teach your children well" (or your neighbor's children).
Know any cops with kids?
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-15 14:00:13
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: IRS LEARNING . . . 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    Well, obviously he should have taken tip from Ollie
    North and paid a courier to fly back and forth with
    $9500 at a time.  No laws against that.
Well, yes and no.  As Perry pointed out, there is no limit to how
much you can take out if you report it.  The trouble is, though
it is legal to take out less than $10,000 without reporting it,
you can't perform a series of such transactions in order to
ultimately move out an amount greater than $10k.  They call it
*structuring*, and it 'taint legal.
Of course, structuring may be difficult to detect, so as a
practical matter, you might get away with it.  (If, however, you
are found with $9500 in cash, they still might seize it under our
wonderful new "fruits of drug dealing" laws.)  But in any event,
there are better ways to accomplish the same result.  My favorite
*fun* solution would be to buy $80,000 in travellers cheques and
then *burn* them.  I leave the rest of the transaction as an
exercise for the student.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-15 19:37:12
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: IRS LEARNING . . . 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    Well, obviously he should have taken tip from Ollie
    North and paid a courier to fly back and forth with
    $9500 at a time.  No laws against that.
Well, yes and no.  As Perry pointed out, there is no limit to how
much you can take out if you report it.  The trouble is, though
it is legal to take out less than $10,000 without reporting it,
you can't perform a series of such transactions in order to
ultimately move out an amount greater than $10k.  They call it
*structuring*, and it 'taint legal.
Of course, structuring may be difficult to detect, so as a
practical matter, you might get away with it.  (If, however, you
are found with $9500 in cash, they still might seize it under our
wonderful new "fruits of drug dealing" laws.)  But in any event,
there are better ways to accomplish the same result.  My favorite
*fun* solution would be to buy $80,000 in travellers cheques and
then *burn* them.  I leave the rest of the transaction as an
exercise for the student.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-16 10:40:17
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: IRS LEARNING . . . 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    My favorite *fun* solution would be to buy $80,000 in
    travellers cheques and then *burn* them.
To which Phil Karn responded:
    Well, yes, I suppose you could then leave the country,
    find an **Amex** office and file a claim for the missing
    $80,000 of travelers checks, but wouldn't this generate
    precisely the kind of paper trail you're trying to
    avoid?
    . . . I do suspect that **the** government will
    eventually point to digital cash as justification for
    controlling all of cryptography.  [**emphasis** added.]
Folks, you have to stop thinking so parochially.  The world is
full of travelers check companies.  Most of them protect their
clients' privacy.  Moreover, there is no *the government*.  At
any given time, their are 100-200 competing nation-states and
other semi-autonomous political entities.
Phil went on to say:
    Or they will refuse to back it [digital cash] up in
    court as legal tender, thus helping undermine it. I know
    there's this concept called "reputation" that's supposed
    to take the place of the government enforcing contracts,
    but I have a hard time understanding just how it will
    work for very large transactions between individuals
    (like buying a house or even a used car).
Think a minute here.  What legal tender laws back up the very
travelers checks we have been discussing?  What government says
merchants must accept your Amex/Bank of American/Citibank/Thomas
Cook/etc. travelers checks?
As for "very large transactions," I again leave that as an
exercise for the student.  (Hint:  How might an escrow be used?)
I apologize to Phil for using him as an example of the provincial
nature of the Cypherpunks list.  At least, he is working with the
concepts.  The Cypherpunks list, though nominally international,
is dominated by Americans.  Unfortunately, we Yanks bring our own
peculiar form of ethnocentrism to the list.  (I also apologize to
non-US list members for belaboring the obvious.)
Punksters, we live in a transnational world.  We work and play on
the transnational Internet.  Our computers and our cryptography
transcend the evil empires.  Transnationalize yourself; and swim
like a fish through the sea of the nation-states.
With apologies to Mao,
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-17 16:26:58
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: RE:  PROBLEMS OF ANONYMOUS . . . 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    It's not even impossible that the government could
    someday try to paint the cypherpunks themselves as a
    subversive organization.
Gee, Hal, that can't be right.  I've always thought we were a
subversive *dis*organization.
According to my online dictionary:
                     THE AMERICAN HERITAGE
               DICTIONARY OF THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE
                         Third Edition
                         Copyright 1992
        Houghton Mifflin Company.  All rights reserved.
    subversive
    ========================================
    sub*ver*sive
    adjective
    (1) Intended or serving to subvert, especially intended
    to overthrow or undermine an established government:
    "Sex and creativity are often seen by dictators as
    subversive activities" Source: Erica Jong
Sounds good to me.
Say!  Do you think we could work that sex part in somehow?
("I'll show you mine, if you'll show me yours . . . public key,
that is.")
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-18 11:27:15
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: DETWEILER 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Lance Detweiler finished his most recent rant thusly:
    . . . is *this* what the Cypherpunks really stand for?
    UNFAIR INFLUENCE. ABUSE OF POWER. MANIPULATION. DECEIT.
    TREACHERY. EXPLOITATION. SECRET CONSPIRACIES.
Lance, stop frothing at the mouth and get a life.
 S a n d y  (aka Tim May, Eric Hughes, Nick Szabo, Perry Metzger,
            Duncan Frissell, Mao Tse-tung, George Herbert Walker
            Bush and a cast of thousands)

@_date: 1993-10-18 21:22:21
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: MORE PUBLICITY 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
A friend of mine gave me a copy of a newsletter called "Gary
North's REMNANT REVIEW."  It bills itself as "explicitly
Christian and pro-free market in perspective."
This issue covered the bad news:  the Waco Massacre cover-up,
mysterious death of White House attorney, Vince Foster and the
Randy Weaver case.
It also covered the good news:  Crypto Anarchy(!)  The article
was based on Kevin Kelly's piece in the "Whole Earth Review."
North paraphrased Tim May extensively and was very impressed with
the whole concept.  It was quite a valentine to Cypherpunks.  For
subscription information, call (800) 528-0559 (or -0550, it's
hard to read my copy).  I'll bring a photocopy to the SF meeting
in November.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-19 10:42:22
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: JUDGMENT PROOFING 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert J. Woodhead quoted Nate who wrote, in part:
    Imagine if all your money . . . was tied up in anonymous
    accounts and that all your property was owned by digital
    pseudonyms (from whom you rented the property).
To which Robert responded:
    . . . Do not be so quick to assume that these wonderful
    and interesting techniques we discuss will solve
    long-standing problems. . . .
No assumption necessary, Robert.  Non-digital variations of these
techniques have been used successfully for generations.  The rich
and politically savvy have always seen to it that exposure to
litigation and the burden of taxes fell only on the middle class.
Computers, the nets and crypto technology just make it easier for
the rest of us to get in on the same deal.  Once critical mass is
reached, governments can't survive.  The end, not with a bang,
but a whimper.
As for all the other nasty things governments can do to you:
Remember, they have to see you as a threat or a juicy victim
before they can focus in on you.  If you use traditional and
electronic privacy techniques, there is very little likelihood
that you will come to their attention.
                  Low Profile = Minimal Hassle
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-19 23:07:40
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: ANNONYMOUS BANK ACCOUNTS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Robert J. Woodhead suggested:
    . . . Rather than aspire to join the alleged clique of
    rich and powerful tax evaders, might it not be better to
    aspire to develop techniques that both maintain privacy
    but guarantee that they have to pay their share of the
    load. . . .
Oh Robert, the clique is hardly alleged.  Their there whether you
like the idea or not.  Strong crypto can do far more than merely
maintain privacy while we try--in vain--to fairly share the load.
It can help us *reduce and ultimately eliminate* the load for
rich and poor alike.  If you want to submit to taxes to buy
piece, go right ahead.  I'll put my faith in crypto anarchy.
Mr. Woodhead went on in another post:
    . . . the difference is that today, it's much harder to
    be discreet -- the encryption is a red flag.  "What's he
    hiding?" And as any intelligence analyst can tell you,
    even traffic analysis can tell you a _lot_. . . .
Nope, where message volume is high, encryption is lost in the
noise.  When encryption is wide-spread, it's not a read flag.  If
steganography is used, there is no flag at all.  Remailers make
traffic analysis extremely difficult or impossible.  Finally, the
traditional methods are still just as effective as always.
I'll say it again:  We have already won.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-24 19:28:39
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: A MODEST PROPOSAL 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I'm tired of playing with L. Detweiler's head on the Cypherpunks
list.  Let's up the ante.  I think we (in northern California, at
least) should play with his head in person!  I hereby pledge $20,
and ask for sufficient matching pledges, to buy Lance, Larry or
whatever his REAL name is, a ticket, etc.  to come to our next
meeting.  The offer, though, comes with certain . . . conditions.
To take advantage of this offer, Detweiler must agree first post
a list of Bay Area Cypherpunks he thinks are fictitious.  If we
can't produce those people with "official" IDs, we pay him $100
over his round trip air fare, we put him up in a nice hotel and
we get him laid.  If everyone is "real" we don't pay him squat,
and we get to "pants" him on the lawn in front of Cygnus.
To quote one of my many avatars, "Works for me."
Right, Tim?
Right, Nick?
Right, Perry!
Okay, Alvin?
 . . .
Okay, Alvin?
 . . .
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-10-25 13:29:11
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: NET REGULATION 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Apparently, T. William Wells does not understood the "Permanent
    . . . I could decide to become one of these Permanent
    Tourists. But where would I go?
    What will be my concerns?  Obviously, money will be one
    of them. But so also will be climate, people, activities
    I might not be willing to do without, and on and on.
You do not have to leave home to become a PT.  For the first time
in history, the Net provides a to work anywhere while *appearing*
to live anywhere else.
William added:
    Furthermore, other governments are, almost without
    exception, more repressive than the one I have.
For those PTs who do choose to live overseas, this simply isn't
true.  Foreigners with money to spend are almost always treated
better than the local captive audience.  Sure, there are some
repressive regimes out there, but that needn't affect the PT.
Some other material mistakes of fact by William:
    . . . in the developed world, where most governments are
    willing to cooperate to some extent in the attempt to
    collect revenues.
No they do not.  Most only give lip service to cooperating with
one another.  If Mr. PT moves to country B to avoid taxes in
country A, there is no incentive for country B to cooperate with
country A.  Why?  Because Mr. PT is spending his "ill gotten
gains" in country B.  Why screw with a good thing?
It might be argued that there are PTs from country B who are
living in country A to avoid country B's taxes.  Therefore it
would be in the best interests of both countries to cooperate.
The theory sounds great, but that's not what happens.  For
whatever reason, countries rarely cooperate in this way.
William went on:
    It is a sad fact that governments collectively possess
    the means to physically regulate all of the desirable
    real-estate and most are more willing than ours to use
    physical force to pursue their ends. So Permanent
    Tourist or not, //one can't really escape them//.
    [Emphasis added.]
It is here, William reveals himself.  I used to run into this
"you just can't win" syndrome when I was involved in libertarian
politics.  For every answer, William comes up with another
objection.  As time goes on, the objections depart further and
further from reality and reason.
There are ways to own real estate anonymously.  Force is rarely
used indiscriminately and there are ways to lower your risk. As a
practical matter, YES, YOU REALLY CAN ESCAPE THEM.
Finally, William worries about world governments focusing on us
if we become to good at taking the bread out of their mouths:
    . . . But what happens when the printing-press
    equivalents cease to stave off bankruptcy?
They go bankrupt, William.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-11-06 10:17:59
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: HE'S BACK! 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It's nice to see that Detweiler is back on his medications.
Let's hope he stays with the program.  I have no doubt he is
telling the truth when he says he and S.Boxx "are two unique
identities."  Yes Lance, but are they the same person?
I don't think any Cypherpunk will have any objections to his
voluntary name certification schemes.  On the other hand, most
Cypherpunks would probably consider it their *civic duty* to
attempt to discover the weaknesses in such protocols.  This is
called "destructive testing" in industry, and is a time honored
Lance, you will be a better writer, and will be taken much more
seriously if you, (a) tone down the purple prose, and (b) learn
some verbal economy.  You write far too much, and say far too
little.  Repetition is not a substitute for argumentation.
 S a n d y  (who is really just himself)  S a n d f o r t

@_date: 1993-11-09 14:53:15
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: ROUTE 666 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    I say we increase our attention on the Data Superhighway
    and try to kill it as well.
Sounds good to me, but if we succeed, would that be road kill?
(I'm so ashamed),
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-11-18 11:21:33
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CELL STRUCTURE 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Allan Bailey referenced "The Republic of Desire" in Gibson's
    Anyone have a ref for something that discusses guerilla
    cell organizations?
One of my all-time favorite books, Heinlein's /The Moon is a
Harsh Mistress/, has a great description of how traditional
guerilla cells are structured.  In addition, he creates a new
cell structure based on secure communications in a computer
mediated setting that foreshadowed many of the concepts we deal
with on this list every day.
Free Luna!
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-11-26 17:54:30
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: ANOTHER FAVORABLE ARTICLE 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Strong encryption got another boost from the hard money crowd.
The newsletter, /Strategic Investment/ featured an article
called, "Escape to Cypherspace [sic]: The Information Revolution
and the demise of the income tax."  It was written by James
Bennett who is the "Technology Editor of /Strategic Investment/
and is writing a book on nanotechnology for the M.I.T. Press.
Here is the first paragraph:
         Readers of /Strategic Investment/ are already aware
    of the crucial role of the microchip in eroding the
    power of governments over their citizens.  Recent
    developments herald an expansion of this role that
    promises to dwarf the effects seen to date.  Just as
    atomic theory was seen as an arcane interest in 1939, so
    this development, known as public-key encryption, is now
    familiar only to a handful of academics.  Yet in the
    coming decade, it may create consequences which change
    the life of everyone on the planet even more than the
    atomic bomb.
Following this was some history and theory of public key.  He had
several nice paragraphs about PGP, the Clipper chip and the
united front put up by "hackers and mainstream communications and
computer companies" in opposing the Clipper.
He explicitly mentions (and approves of) the threat offshore
banks using encryption technology pose to taxing authorities.
    This development [cypherspace commerce] will accelerate
    rapidly existing trends towards breakdown of large
    institutions and hierarchical structures.  Governments
    will have much of their revenue base undercut--and any
    attempt to tighten the screws on taxpayers will just
    increase the escape to Cypherspace.
But he later opines:
    Some observers of this trend predict a coming "crypto-
    anarchy" where governments fall apart entirely under the
    pressure of anonymous communication.  This is not
    likely.  Governments have shown an amazing adaptability
    over the millennia as they adjust to developments such
    as large-scale slavery, feudalism, gunpowder and
    industrialization.
Quite a favorable article, over all.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1993-11-26 17:53:56
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: THE DETWEILER PLEDGE 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I hereby take the following Pledge.  Will you take it too?
    WHEREAS, Larry Detweiler has posted long and numerous
    messages to Cypherpunks under his own name and several
    pseudonyms,
    AND WHEREAS, over time, such messages have became more
    and more unintelligible, repetitive and/or threatening,
    AND WHEREAS, attempts to respond to such messages have
    resulted in ever increasing psychotic reactions from
    Detweiler,
    I, therefore, pledge never to read, nor respond to,
    posts written by Larry Detweiler, or his pseudonyms.
    Further, I pledge never to read, nor respond to, posts
    written in response to posts by Larry Detweiler, or to
    subjects raised by Larry Detweiler.
    I offer the above pledge in the hopes that such action,
    especially in concert with others on the Cypherpunks
    list, will deprive Larry Detweiler of an audience and
    thus result in his voluntarily withdrawal from this
    forum.
    S a n d y  S a n d f o r t

@_date: 1993-11-28 18:54:39
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: STRATEGIC INVESTMENT POINTER 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
For those of you who asked, here is the contact information for
"Strategic Investment":
         Strategic Investment
         Agora, Inc.
         824 E. Baltimore St.
         Baltimore, MD 21202-4799
         (410) 234-0691
 S a n d y
 >>>>>>    Please send e-mail to:  ssandfort <<<<<<

@_date: 1994-01-02 21:18:43
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: INFORMED CONSENT 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    You know, this radiation experiment reminds me of
    another incident. A group of African-American men were
    injected, without their knowledge or consent, with live
    syphilis spirochaetes, and studied for a number of
    years.  No attempt at therapy was ever attempted, as I
    recall, for these individuals. . . .
Actually, this is wrong on two counts.  One, the men were not
injected with syphilis; they had already contracted it when they
went into the program.  Two, in most cases, they *were* given
therapy.  What was withheld was penicillin.  The subjects who
were treated, were given relatively ineffective and dangerous
mercury therapies.  Not as bad as Nobody said, but more than bad
As an aside, I was watching a documentary on this sad chapter of
American history and they interview the guy who blew the whistle
on the study.  He was a San Franciscan I have known for several
years.  In all that time, I thought he was just another Second
Amendment, gun nut, fellow traveller.  You know, you never know.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-03 17:28:57
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: TECHNOLOGY v. POLITICS 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    . . . when something fascistic like Digital Telephony or
    Clipper comes along, we have to fight it. But if we win,
    it will just return the next time something scares the
    government. There can be no permanent victory through
    politics. The only way to win permanently is to hold
    them off through politics and public opinion long enough
    so that everyone has encryption and is using it. . . .
Absolutely correct.  It reminds me of the Soldier of Fortune
                PEACE THROUGH SUPERIOR FIREPOWER
Works for me.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-11 18:01:54
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CRYPTO/TAX 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    I don't agree with the extreme position that
    cryptography will lead to the failure of the income tax
    and the destruction of the government.
    Consider: untraceable, anonymous transactions occur
    every day - not through cryptography, but through simple
    cash purchases at the local grocery store, gas station,
    department store, restaurant, and so on. There are many
    occupations which primarily involve cash transactions.
    Are these people immune from income tax?  Of course not.
Do these people pay such income tax?  Of course not.  The
government's own figures peg tax evasion at "only" 20%.  Yeah,
and Elvis lives in my closet.
    The government has many ways of extracting tax in these
    cases, ranging from periodic audits with heavy penalties
    (which keep people honest) to imputing income (as in the
    case of tip income by waiters), to fraud investigations
    for those living beyond their means.
Think "cost-benefit analysis."  Duncan has already pointed out
that the modal number of years spent in prison by tax evaders is
"zero."  Hal should get friendly with a weekend mechanic or a
waitress.  He might want to re-think his belief in the voluntary
tax compliance of alternative economy.
Perhaps Eric Hughes will recap the "crypto point-of-sale" rap he
gave at the previous Cypherpunks meeting.  (Or maybe he won't.)
What it demonstrated was that the types of economic transactions
that can benefit from crypto-privacy is much broader than Hal is
We have already won.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-12 10:42:10
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CRYPTO & TAXES 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    I can agree that cryptography will make some kinds of
    illegal private transactions easier.  What I doubt is
    that this will happen at a large enough scale to
    seriously threaten the ability of governments to fund
    themselves by taxes.
Government tax policies are extremely susceptible to the "tipping
factor."  Initially, non-compliance is addressed by simply hiking
up collections across the boards.  When non-compliance reaches
some critical factor, however, such techniques become counter-
productive.  Previously compliant taxpayers begin to chaff at
higher taxes and more aggressive collection.  More and more
become non-compliant as taxes go higher and higher.  Eventually,
the runaway chain reaction either causes the government to cut
back or the system undergoes a core melt-down.  Non-crypto
versions of this scenario have occurred repeatedly in countries
around the world.
Hal also have several specific examples of transactions he felt
demonstrated the difficulty of using crypto-anarchy techniques.
Perry and others have address some of these, but one or two
things should be added to round out the picture.
    Most of our transactions are done with businesses,
    generally corporations. Imagine taking $15,000 in cash
    to buy a new car anonymously.  I believe you will find
    that the car dealers will not cooperate, that government
    regulations (designed to crack down on drug dealers)
    will require them to get some ID from you.  Digicash
    would presumably be under the same restrictions.
Maybe, but the example begs the question.  You don't need to
*own* a car, to have the *use* of a car.  Imagine leasing a car
and using your cyberspace bank digital checks, digital money or
credit card to pay the monthly rent.  No audit trail, and no
asset to be seized.  Similar techniques can be used for virtually
all of your assets.  Don't like renting?  Well there are other
offshore techniques that can cure that problem as well.
    I don't fully understand Duncan's arguments for how
    taxes can be avoided through being a non-citizen.  I
    gather, though, that this would require me to either
    move to another country, or to go to work for a company
    that is in another country. . . .
I think Hal hasn't been reading Duncan or my posts very closely.
Here's a hint:  A Cayman Islands corporation is a non-US citizen
even if it is owned by an American.
You have questions?  We have answers.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-12 13:05:24
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CRYPTO & TAXES 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I was asked in private e-mail:
    So how does the average US citizen go about starting a
    Cayman Islands (or similar) corporation? . . .
Look in the advertising sections of international publications
such as THE ECONOMIST, THE EUROPEAN and THE INTERNATIONAL HERALD
TRIBUNE.  Every issue will contain several ads for incorporation
services.  These services exist everywhere, but for historical
and legal reasons, many have offices in the UK or Isle of Man.
Request information from every company with an ad.  You can save
big by doing a little comparison shopping.  Follow the ads for
several months, if possible, to see which companies stay around
and which are fly-by-night operations.  Even better, check back
issues from previous years to see if the same folks are still in
The following, is a fee schedule from just one such company:
    United Kingdom      B#   32              B#  150
    Hong Kong          HK$ 1200             HK$ 2500
    Ireland            IR#   10             IR#  195
    Isle of Man         B#  285              B#  250
    Gibraltar           B#  250              B#  250
    Jersey/Guernsey     B#  600              B#  500
    Turks & Caicos     US$  300             US$  500
    Brit. Virgin Is.   US$  300             US$  500
    Bahamas            US$  100             US$  500
    Liberia            US$  100             US$  750
    Panama             US$  150             US$  750
Of course, these companies offer lots of other interesting
services, as well.  Come the crypto-anarchy--or just a simple
bank in cyberspace--and everything gets a lot easier, a lot
cheaper.  (If Detweiler thinks things are "bad" now . . . )
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-17 10:36:06
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: CRYPTO & TAXES 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
It might look as though Duncan, I and others are piling on Hal
Finney.  If we are, it's because the topic of the technological
obsolescence of government is near and dear to our hearts.  We
aren't just arguing to argue, but rather believe what we are
saying with all our hearts.
I believe Hal is completely sincere in his skepticism.  I also
believe he would like to be convinced.  Therefore, I offer my
posts to help him--and others among you, with similar doubts--to
Hal quoted me about using offshore techniques to rent cars,
homes, etc. without creating an audit trail.  He than continued:
    How does this bear on the issue of government collapse
    due to failure of income tax?  This example actually
    strikes me as an unobjectionable use of cryptography,
    one in which individual privacy is protected. . . .  I
    don't see how this brings down the government.
This bears on income taxes in two ways:  One way the government
estimates your income is based on your consumption.  If public
records show you own a big house, a nice car, a boat or a plane,
this is an indication of your income.  If it looks like you are
"living beyond your means," the IRS may conclude you have more
means than you report.  Similarly, if your *US based* credit card
records show lots of expensive purchases, the same conclusion
might be drawn.  Expenditures without audit trails help you keep
a low profile.
Owning few or no seizable assets makes you effectively immune
from serious collection efforts (i.e., "judgment proof").  Unless
you have given the government some PR reason to go after you,
they will leave you alone if there is nothing for them to grab.
What all this means is that the government is denied revenue.  Do
that enough, and the state collapses or withers away.
On the issue of "de-nationalizing" one's self, I mentioned that a
Cayman Islands corporation is a non-US citizen even if it is
owned by an American.  Hal wrote in response:
    I gather that he is suggesting that people could set up
    corporations in the Cayman Islands and somehow divert
    some of their income to them, so that the income would
    be shielded from taxes.
    Can this be done today?
Can and is.  What Shell Oil did in the Netherlands Antilles, many
folks can do in Cayman or elsewhere.  Add in strong crypto, and
the entry-level threshold drops orders of magnitude.
    Can I go to my boss and ask him to start sending my
    salary to this numbered bank account in the Cayman
    Islands, and to stop troubling the U.S. government with
    information about how much he is paying me?
When you apply new technology, you get more bang for the buck if
you avoid applying it linearly.  No, you don't go to your boss
(you still have a boss?) and ask for such an arrangement.  But
when you start your new business, you base it in a tax and
privacy haven.  In the US, you will be its loyal but "low-paid"
representative.  Over time, you convert all your work to this
sort of offshore independent contractor business.
    Why doesn't everybody do it, and why will everybody
    start doing it in the future?
Because strong crypto tied into traditional privacy techniques is
just coming on line.  When digital banking is fully deployed,
people will jump on the bandwagon because it will be cheap and
easy to do so.  They will follow their own best interests.  They
will follow the money.
    . . . I am willing to accept that people will be eager
    to avoid paying taxes, but I still doubt that
    cryptography will bring down the United States
    government.  Particularly when we consider the lack of
    sophistication (both financial and technical) of the
    vast middle class . . .
Strong cryptography will be an essential part--but not the
whole--of the solution.  Don't underestimate the ability of the
middle-class to become sophisticated if it's in their interest to
do so.  Middle-class Europeans, Asians and Latin Americans have
learned similar lessons when it became advantageous.  Americans
are no less equal to the challenge.  Plus we have an ace in the
whole.  We are heirs to the American Revolution.  The only
ideologically explicit anti-government revolution in history.
Don't count us out.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-20 10:29:15
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: INTERNET BANKING 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Michael C. Berch raised several issues about digital banking
which I would like to address.  Though his post was very
thoughtful, it had some imbedded common misconceptions.
He listed four concerns he had with digital banking--Security,
    No. 1, security, is a problem with anonymized, offshore,
    network banking.  Today we rely on a combination of
    reputation and regulation . . . But in a *nonregulated*
    environment, there will have to be private deposit
    insurance which could easily have some bootstrap
    problems in building the initial market.  [Emphasis
    added.]
For the foreseeable future, all digital banking will be conducted
from some national jurisdiction--just as with current offshore
banks.  Every world jurisdiction has some degree of regulation
which is specifically aimed toward client protection.
    . . . I envision transactions ending up in two big
    buckets: card services and "cheque" services. . . . The
    card system, insecure at it is, is fast becoming
    universal; . . . I find it difficult to imagine
    large-scale displacement of institutions like VISA,
    MasterCard, and Amex, simply because they do what they
    do (provide instant POS credit authorization, guarantee
    merchants quick payment, etc.) very well.
There is no need to displace current institutions.  When a credit
(or debit) card is issued by a bank in a privacy jurisdiction,
all financial information about the card user must, by law, be
kept secret.
    . . . Because of the degree to which strong financial
    privacy threatens government power (especially taxing
    power. . .) I can easily imagine that (1) banks doing
    business in or "touching" the US and most politically
    similar sovereignties will not be able to prevent
    themselves from disclosing identity and transaction
    information about their customers, and (2) people will
    probably be prohibited from dealing with these banks if
    they are in fact beyond the reach of legal process.
Currently, there exist thousands of banks that offer strong
financial privacy.  They have little difficulty in preventing
disclosure of customer information.  Why should a digital bank be
any different?  No Western countries now prohibit their nationals
from dealing with offshore banks.  With the advent of strong
encryption-mediated communications, anonymous remailers and, of
course, digital banking, any such future prohibitions would be
nearly impossible to enforce.
The last issue Michael raised was credit.  He wants a digital
bank that will loan him money without knowing who he is.  Don't
hold your breath on this one.  Those who wish to borrow money can
probably expect that digital banks will want exactly the same
personal and financial information that traditional banks require
today.  Such is the nature of business.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-23 10:16:34
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: DIGITAL BARTER 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Primates (think about it),
Mike Ingle has been discussing the issues of barter, digital cash
and "real" money.  He has proposed a variant of commodity money
to serve as a basis for digital exchange.  He asserts that this
could perhaps lead to the elimination of money, altogether.
While interesting, I think his argument is muddled and ultimately
not logical.  It appears this is because his basic premises are
    . . . Money can either be based on a standard such as
    gold, or it can be "fiat money" which has value only
    because people accept it.
Actually, Mike has this somewhat backwards.  Fiat money has value
mostly because the government says it does.  Legal tender laws
and the elimination of, or interference with, competing moneys
artificially supports government's fiat money.  Gold or any other
form of non-governmental money has its value precisely because
people--not the state--subjectively give it such.
    Standard-based money is dependent on the standard - if
    there isn't enough gold, the economy can't grow.
This is nonsense.  Theoretically, all the world's economy could
be based on a single ounce of gold.  When the economy grows or
shrinks, all that happens is that the relative value of a given
amount of gold changes.  You have deflation in an expanding
economy; inflation in a contracting economy.  An economy does not
need more gold (or whatever) to expand.
    . . . Money has been necessary to facilitate the
    operation of the market, but it also interferes with the
    "pure" free market. Perhaps money is no longer the best
    solution.
    Instead of representing money, a digital certificate
    could directly represent a product or service.
I think these last two paragraphs represent the crux of Mike's
misunderstanding about the nature of money.  A certificate
(digital or otherwise) that represents a product or a service
*is* money, if people accept it as such.  It is, in fact, just
another form of commodity (or "standard") money.  It is not some
new critter.  As former Secretary of the Treasury, William Simon,
answered when asked to define money:  "If the dog eats it, it's
dog food."
There is certainly nothing wrong with this form of digital money.
Mike, however, took it one step too far, in my opinion:
    . . . Everyone would, in effect, print their own money.
    Its value would be determined by their reputation.
    If you work for one company, you would be paid in coins
    representing the products or services of that company.
    If you are self-employed, you would create your own
    coins for whatever type of work you do, and spend them
    directly. . . . The buying and selling would be done
    through a huge, distributed international network,
    similar to the over-the-counter stock market.
    The value of all coins would be determined by the
    market, using reputation banks. . . .
    The negotiation and reputation lookups involved in any
    purchase would be far too complex for the person to
    handle in real time. . . .
Never happen in a million years.  As Mike correctly pointed out
in his post, money was created to eliminate the inefficiencies of
barter.  What Mike proposes is nothing more than the elevation of
barter's inefficiencies to a computational nightmare of truly
epic proportions.  Even fiat money would be better than this.
By all means, let's have commodity or even serviced based
(digital) money.  But we don't smelt our own metal ores nor
butcher our own livestock.  Why, then, should we each issue our
own money?  Let's leave this banking function to the "bankers"
and other specialists in the money business.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-01-25 22:12:03
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: ENCRYPTED DOCUMENT SERVER 
SANDY SANDFORT               Reply to:  ssandfort
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
    . . . Somebody could create a Document Server to store
    encrypted documents.  Users would somehow get an
    anonymous Document Server account number when they
    subscribe to the service.  Users would use the remailer
    system to send encrypted documents to the Document
    Server. . . .
    Given a Document Server, the problem now becomes:  How
    can you prevent the government from proving you use a
    Document Server.  This seems like a strictly technical
    problem, unlike the "can they compel you to reveal your
    key" problem.
that of a "spendthrift trust."  In that case, the trustee has
complete discretion whether or to releases money to the
beneficiary.  Trustees NEVER release funds to the taxman or other
If your Document Server is located in a foreign jurisdiction, and
you instruct its operator NOT to release your files--even to
you--if you are incarcerated or otherwise under duress, there's
nothing the government can do.  Just be sure you take all the
necessary steps *prior* to coming under a court's jurisdiction.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-02-13 15:51:16
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I would like to start a new thread.  I want to know what the
people on this list intend to do with cryptography in the "real
world."  There are a number of Cypherpunk projects on the drawing
board or already deployed:  Stego, encrypted phones, encrypted
and anonymous remailers, stealth PGP, a digital bank, etc.  Do
the folks on this list intend to use these tools, or is your
interest only theoretical?
I'm not looking for simple "yes" or "no" comments, however.  I'm
interested in finding out how much you are willing to reorganize
your life in order to take advantage of these techniques.  I want
to know what factors would increase or decrease your use of
cryptographic products and services.  What do you want? What do
you fear?
My interest is more than academic.  I am one of the Cypherpunks
involved in creating a digital bank.  If the 700 or so people on
this list wouldn't open an account in a digital bank, chances are
no one else would either.  The same goes, of course, for secure
phones, encrypted e-mail, and all the rest.
What Real World concerns you have about crypto?
Talk to me.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-02-17 17:40:54
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Boy, am I glad I started the REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION thread.  The
responses I *didn't* expect were, of course, the most useful.
Some of your assumptions and thoughts really took me by surprise.
As a result, I will be posting a few follow-up messages to
clarify some of the concepts my digital bank compatriots and I
expect to implement in our bank project.
DIGITAL MONEY--One of the assumptions many of you made, was that
"digital money" is some sort of replacement for national
currencies.  It is not.  As Eric Hughes indicated in his recent
post, digital money (or "cryptocash" as Eric said it) is
transactional money.  It's just a way of moving money.
I think it was a misunderstanding of this point that lead someone
to ask if separate digital banks would offer "different digital
money."  When other digital banks open their doors, we will
negotiate procedures to clear inter-bank digital transactions.
This would be done much in the same way that banks now accept
each others' checks.  procedures.  In addition, We have plans for
an even more imaginative solution to this issue.
I will address some other topics in subsequent posts.
 S a n d y
P.S.  For the time being, please send UNencrypted private e-mail
      to my CRL address (sandfort  Please send PGP
      encrypted private e-mail to my AT&T address
      (ssandfort
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-02-17 18:40:54
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Here is a further explanation how a digital bank would work in
REAL WORLD INTERFACE--Several of you expressed concern that
digital money could *only* be spent in "cyberspace" or would
otherwise be largely unavailable to you.  Not so.  Through the
use of bank issued debit and ATM cards, you could access their
account funds anonymously, in local currency, from cash machines
throughout the world.  In addition, we will offer our clients
other services which will allow them to "end run" around the need
for cash.
What is a "debit" card?  It is just like a credit card, except
that it is used to debit your bank account immediately rather
than extend you credit--at interest--for later repayment.  They
are issued by Mastercard, Visa and other card companies.  They
look, and are used, just like a regular credit card.  They are
anonymous because there use creates no audit trail pointing to
you.  Further, the bank will keep its records in a jurisdiction
that protects the privacy of such business records.  For the
truly paranoid, the bank will issue corporate debit cards.
More, later.
 S a n d y
P.S.  Please send UNencrypted private e-mail to my CRL address
      (sandfort  Please send PGP encrypted private
      e-mail to my AT&T address (ssandfort

@_date: 1994-02-18 08:51:08
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Here are some more digital banking thoughts for you to chew on.
DEPOSIT INSURANCE--Private, Lloyds-type deposit insurance is
readily available internationally.  We will have such private
insurance.  In addition to guidelines mandated by our insurer, we
will also be under the regulatory oversight of the jurisdictions
in which we operate.  Finally, an more importantly, we will
operate under very conservative internal policy constrains and
will maintain extremely high reserves to avoid problems in the
first place.
Stay tuned.
 S a n d y

@_date: 1994-02-18 11:05:38
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Sadly, I think the following topic is the real crux of most
people's objections to the deployment of digital banks on the
NIGHT OF THE LIVING G-MEN--Some of you have opined that the
Federales will never give us a license and/or will go after us
once we are in business.  First, we will not have our license,
charter, offices or personnel in the USA.  We will locate our
operations only where are services are protected by the local
authorities.  Second, there is no law forbidding Americans--or
nationals of most western countries--from doing business with
foreign banks.  We and our clients will be in compliance with all
relevant laws.  Third, even if the powers-that-be don't like what
we are doing, there is very little they can do about it.  They
haven't invaded Cayman, Hongkong or the Isle of Man because of
their banking operations, I seriously doubt they will do so on
our account.
For those who will only settle for *absolute safety*, I am sorry
to say, no such thing exists in the real world.  All benefits
entail some risks.  Not creating and using digital banking,
however, may be the riskiest thing we can do.
 S a n d y
    Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate
    agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up the
    ground, they want rain without thunder and lightening.
    They want the ocean without the awful roar of its many
    waters.
                                        --Frederick Douglass
P.S.  Send UNencrypted e-mail to "sandfort and PGP
      encrypted e-mail to "ssandfort

@_date: 1994-02-18 11:56:14
@_author: Sandy 
@_subject: REAL WORLD ENCRYPTION 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
This is a belated reply to the issues raised by Tim May about
digital banking.  Also, I would like to have Tim clarify some of
the statements/assumptions he made.
    . . . how much I put [in a digital bank] would be
    dependent on the degree of "Swiss"-type services.
    Probably not many such services, I am surmising . . .
Actually, we will begin operation with a basic set of Swiss-type
services, and will bring a wide range of others on board as soon
as practical.
    . . . if I remained in
U.S., no protection.  If I left
    U.S., no _need_ for your bank.
I think this is incorrect on both counts.  If Tim remains in the
US, he absolutely needs the protection an offshore bank (digital
or otherwise) can provide.  Without one, there is no way he can
keep his assets from being at risk.  Having some of his money out
of the States is an insurance policy against extortion and/or
If Tim leaves the US, he will still have to live *someplace*, and
*someplace* might want to grab his money every bit as much as the
US government (or litigious thieves) would.  In addition, Tim
will still need a simple, quick and secure way to transact
business in the US and elsewhere.
    . . . You can't be a real digital money bank, in the
    long-range sense we've talked about.  (Total anonymity,
    Liechtenstein "anstalt"-type anonymity, digitally
    mediated.)
I don't see what is to stop us.  Perhaps Tim will elucidate.
Tim went on to say that Cypherpunks would not be enough to
financially support our bank and that "high rollers" would not be
interested.  True (though largely irrelevant) and false.  The 700
Cypherpunks are a drop in the 20 mega-user Internet.  We only
have to get a small fraction of that market to make our nut.
Without false modesty, I can safely say, I have met and dealt
with far more "high rollers" (and real tax avoiders, for that
matter) than Tim will ever know.  I know what they want.  We have
what they want.  We will get their business.  Period.
As for the Feds, privacy, regulations, etc., see my previous few
 S a n d y
             Unencrypted e-mail to sandfort
             PGP encrypted to ssandfort
             Nothing to my CompuServe acct., please
