
@_date: 1998-01-19 02:01:39
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Fastest & Easiest way to make money 
This is a one time mailing and your address has already been deleted from
our database.
Please take time to read this before you erase it!
I would like to let you in on a good idea...
I  NEVER THOUGHT I'D BE THE ONE TELLING YOU THIS....
I  ACTUALLY READ & ACTED ON A PIECE OF E-MAIL,
AND NOW I'M GOING TO EUROPE FOR THE VACATION!
My name is Jason  ; I'm a 34-year-old father, husband, and full time
office manager.  As a rule, I delete all unsolicited "junk" e-mail and use my account
primarily for  business.  I received what I assumed was this same e-mail countless times
and deleted it each time.
About two months ago I received it again and, because of the catchy subject
line, I finally read it. Afterwards, I thought, "OK, I give in, I'm going
to try
this. I can certainly afford to invest $20 and, on the other hand, there is
 nothing wrong with creating a little excess cash." I promptly mailed four
 $5 bills and, after receiving the reports paid a friend of mine a small
fee to send out some e-mail advertisements for me.  After reading the reports, I also learned how easy it is to bulk e-mail for
I was not prepared for the results.  Everyday for the last six weeks, my P.O. box has been overflowing with $5 bills; many days the excess fills up an extra mail bin and I've had to upgrade to the corporate-size box!  I am stunned by all the cash  that keeps rolling in!
I promise you, if you follow the directions in this e-mail and be prepared
eventually set aside about an hour each day to follow up (and count your
money!), you will make at least as much money as we did.  You don't need to be a wiz at the computer, but I'll bet you already are.   If you can open an envelope,remove the money, and send an e-mail message, then you're on your way to the bank. Take the time to read this so you'll understand how easy it is. Believe me,
                                                       GO FOR IT NOW!
The following is a copy of the e-mail I read:
This is a LEGAL, LOW-COST, MONEY-MAKING PHENOMENON.
PRINT this letter, read the directions, THEN GET STARTED TODAY!
You are about to embark on the most profitable and unique program you may
ever see.  Many times over, it has demonstrated and proven its ability to
generate large amounts of cash.  This program is showing fantastic appeal
 with a huge and ever-growing on-line population desirous of additional
This is a legitimate, LEGAL, money-making opportunity.  It does not require
you to come in contact with people, do any hard work, and best of all, you
have to leave the house, except to get the mail and go to the bank!
This truly is that lucky break you've been waiting for!  Simply follow the
easy instructions in this letter, and your financial dreams will come true! When
followed correctly, this electronic, multi-level marketing program works
perfectly... 100% OF THE TIME!
Thousands of people have used this program to:
    -  Raise capital to start their own business
    -  Pay off debts
    -  Buy homes, cars, etc.,
    -  Even retire!
This is your chance, so read on and get started today!
