
@_date: 1995-08-02 03:36:56
@_author: was: of a hole in PGP 
@_subject: some discussion of rannos in PGP (was: of a hole in PGP) 
Fred Cohen  writes on cpunks:
: PGP is a product that is specifically disliked by the powers that be
: because it provides free access to strong cryptography which is against
: the public policy of the US government.  That means that people in that
: same said government likely feel it is their duty to make certain that
: they can still read PGP mail.
Certainly granted!  Hence persecution of Phil Z.
A bit difficult to achieve in the presence of available source code, I
(and many others) are using PGP compiled by themselves.  That doesn't
prove there are no subtle back-doors but it rules out unsophisticated
backdoors in distributed executables.  (Even such things could be
checked if someone got suspicious, things can be reverse engineered).
Now to the question of what can be done practically to help further
validate PGPs authenticity, and freeness from back-doors.
The way I see it the only attack which you could reasonably expect to
pull off in terms of being subtle enough to hope to get away with
given full access to source is the random number generator.
The code which actually generates the random primes, and converts them
to PGP output format is reasonably short and well defined.  Wouldn't
take long to single step that and watch that nothing happened on the
way out to file.
Encryption is a similarly simple operation, M ^ e % n you could easily
check that manually (with a certain small piece of perl even).  Same
for generation of IDEA keys.
I don't really feel qualified to comment properly on the random number
generation, but to me (I looked at the source in fair detail) it looks
I mean there is real entropy being generated (timing key strokes
against a high speed clock on PCs lower on UNIX systems typically)
and the stirring operation looks good, MD5 + XOR on key.
Presuming that the MD5 implementation is correct?  Seems a pretty good
likelihood to be, it's been given enough real world tests that you
could do a very nice probablistic statistical confidence test on it.
Which would easily say that it was correct to some huge degree of
The legitimacy of using a high frequency clock to time intervals
between key strokes, seems a very good way of generating random
numbers.  I mean there is most definately *some* entropy being
generated, PGP makes reasonably conservative estimates of the amount
of entropy generated, and stirs the whole number in (not just the
expected entropy).
I'm not saying your comments aren't useful; they are, and analysis and
critique of the random number generation in particular is very
important.  Indeed given the sheer cost of factoring a 2048 bit RSA
modulus, or of brute forcing a 128bit IDEA key, it is indeed a
pertinent question as to whether any kind of brute force attack could
be generated on the random number generation, which could be slighly
cheaper than either of these.  128bits is a lot to play with.
To me it looks good, but then I'm not a cryptographer, and also there
is the kind of "NP problem aspect" to it all in that for reasonably
complex code it will not be apparent whether a proof is possible with
out looking at the specifics.
Still I think some analysis of the random number generation code would
be useful work.  I'm not expecting to see a flaw, but doesn't mean it
shouldn't be entered into with an open mind.
I think it does not fall in the same league as the apparent difficulty
of having a secure sendmail (you said a compromising couple of bugs
seem to get found a couple of times a year), for at least two reasons,
one is that with sendmail the code being examined must take input from
Charlie who is trying to mess the system up.  So a deliberate attempt
to foul the works, examining the source, looking for any kind of
subtle weakness, or weird combination of inputs (which would almost
certainly never occur by accident during normal usage) which could
cause it to compromise security.  For PGP for the section we are
talking about (key generation) the only input comes from *you*, the
person who is presumably trying to obtain security, not trying to
generate a weak key through some tortuous input string.  So things
like the stack over flow with carefully crafted machine code for the
particular architecture which was exploited with finger in the fave
old example of the worm of yore, is not the kind of attack you need to
be worried about (IMO).
The second aspect in which analysing PGPs ran no generation, is
different to sendmail or http type problems is that what PGP is doing
with it's random no generation is well defined, contained in few
lines of code, and only really relying on a couple of assertions:
1) Heh, not a lot you can do about that.  Is it or isn't it?  Time
will tell.
2) Seems pretty likely to me there are test strings which come with
the RFC implemenation, and it would be unbelievably unlikely that it
should produce the complete set of tests and yet somehow still be
flawed.  Given that there are _no_ branches in the algorithm (ie just
various permutations and bit twidlings based on the key info, which
get mangled into the digest.
3) Pretty good I think, especially on a PC, which has a higher speed
timer.  Some entropy is surely generated, and with safe entropy
estimation, and cryptographically secure stirring, it sounds pretty
good to me.
4) For RSA keys, I don't think so, unless you believe that strong
primes will agains become important.  For current factoring algorithms
strong primes are just as hard to factor as a completely randomly
generated prime, except for certain primes which are in any have an
infinitesimal chance of occurring.  For IDEA keys there is little
value added over a striaght ran no, as there are no special properties
which an IDEA key must have.
5) I would assert is relatively trivial to demonstrate, a couple of
hours with a debugger should demonstrate that.  You could do testing
more rigourously, test every branch, so that you have checked that the
outcome is that the key gets written to the keyfile, with various
options, not utterly fool proof of course, but pretty darn good given
the simplicity.
On the more philosophical side, with the idea that you can never be
sure that folks aren't NSA agents with hidden agendas etc, well you
can't be sure.
But the open source and sheer number of folks reading is the best
argument against this.  That means that at least some true blue
cpunks, "live free or die" types will read it in earnest, and examine
very carefully.
Another philosophical argument against PGP having any cleverly hidden
"back-doors" in the form of purposefully weakened ran-no generators or
what have you is that the NSA et all hate PGP with such vehemence.
Heh if they don't like it, it must be good :-)
And remember, say NO to key escrow :-)
(It's no good having an ultra carefully validated PGP if you go to
jail for being caught with a copy on your HD, welcome to the Land of
the Freeh, and all you know.  May happens sooner than expected, then
the only folks using crypto will be the "live free or die" folks, plus
of course the criminals who figure they have more to hide and would
get in more trouble for what they are really up to than for a
"possesion of crypto" charge.)
PS to any folks who may have sent me mail in the last couple of days,
note the temporary change of email addr to: A.Back due to
local hw failure, similarly the same m/c was the WWW server, should
all return to normal in a couple of days.  (Talk about single point of
failure, all the X-terms booted off it too).

@_date: 1995-08-27 01:39:50
@_author: DigiCash c$ 
@_subject: SSL trouble 
We are talking real money, the guy who hit the key will shortly be
getting c$ 442.30 (DigiCash c$), the amount of c$ donated for the 2nd
challenge on this page:
Now collecting donations for the 3rd challenge which I guess Piete
will be hoping to do in the next few weeks, after a few software
improvements have been made.
You can buy US$ with these on the unofficial digicash exchange:
The current exchange rate is around 100 c$ = 5 US$, so that's ~22 US$,
not a huge prize, but all it needs is more donors to get a bigger
prize fund, if you want to join in to make the prize fund bigger, sign
up for the digicash trial (you get 100 c$ free):
and buy some c$ on the unofficial exchange.

@_date: 1995-08-29 11:33:19
@_author: quite some time ago now, ~4 months? 
@_subject: Joel's RSA-t's 
He made an announce on the netstuff mailing list a couple of weeks
ago, and also made a statement about the reasons for delays on the
group alt.fan.joel-furr, here's what he said ... (darn it's expired
from news spool), what he said was that he hoped to get the all of the
shirts shipped by the end of this month I think.  Don't quote me on
that cos it's from memory.  But basically his printer moved, causing
1.5 months delay, and he got more orders than anticipated 1500 would
you believe!
Ah... there's more on his current netstuff page:
Should answer your question, A: RSN.
HAVE *YOU* EXPORTED RSA TODAY? --> TRY: rsa -k=3 -n=7537d365 < msg | rsa -d -k=4e243e33 -n=7537d365

@_date: 1995-10-04 04:19:00
@_author: s 
@_subject: Re: More forged cancels 
[someone crossposting to a ton of alt groups about spam, the headers:
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,
It's started already.  This is because of "mail.cypherpunks" in the
huge newsgroup line?  A news to mail gateway pointing at
Any chances of disabling this before it gets out of hand?
Who runs the gateway(s)?  Make it read only please!  Or change the
gateway so it doesn't forward if there are other groups on the
newsgroup line or something.

@_date: 1995-11-13 13:16:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Who needs time vaults anyway? 
Suppose you get "silenced", or carted off by big brother for thought
crime.  A defense: if you try to silence me, this info gets plastered
all over the net.
Suppose you discovered a polynomial time factoring algorithm (dream
on:-), and wanted to sell it to the highest bidder - what odds that
the NSA would try to obtain it and silence you?  Time-release would be
useful for such things.

@_date: 1995-11-23 02:19:53
@_author: was: rand-test 
@_subject: PROPOSAL: cypherpunks-news@toad.com? (was: rand-test) 
I am inclined to agree with Perry in as much as the volume of posts to
the cypherpunks list is greatly increased by reposts of news from
other mailing lists, USENET newsgroups, WWW sources, newspapers, TV
programs, films, books, talks, etc.  While some of the information
posted is interesting, and relevant, some others are less relevant,
bordering on noise.
It is much more efficient of list bandwidth to post short pointers
only, of the style John Young  posts.  Or an
alternative I have been thinking might be useful: a separate list.
The proposal: a separate list for current-event reports/news/reposts.
I think it would be useful if a separate mailing list were set up on
toad.com, called say "cypherpunks-news (or whatever) to
distinguish it from the main cypherpunks list.
That way people who aren't interested to read reposts just don't
subscribe to cypherpunks-news, and those who want to catch up on
cypherpunks related current events, media reports etc, can browse
through the archives for cypherpunks-news.
What do others think?

@_date: 1996-05-14 01:29:36
@_author: was Re: found nym-differentiation!... 
@_subject: tamper proofed cpus & police states (was Re: found nym-differentiation!...) 
On tamper proofing cpus as a tool of a police state...
A cpu which was tamper proofed and had public key crypto for key
receipt (so that it could receive software which it's owner could not
decrypt), and could decrypt instructions on the fly using a symmetric
key stream cipher to execute them would be a start.
Of course this assumes that tamper proofing is ultimately possible...
but perhaps as fabrication technology progresses this might be
possible due to quantum effects (if you even look at one particle in
the internals of the cpu, it self destructs -- gross speculation as I
know next to nothing about cpu fab, but perhaps someone who does know
about chip fab would care to comment on whether the job of tamper
proofing is headed in the favour the breaker or the other way around).
Such a tamper proof cpu would also be excellent for the copyright
warriors, you would buy your copy of microsoft word, microsoft would
encrypt it for your cpus public key and send it to you.  The software
would be useless on any cpu but your own, and without breaking the
tamper proofing, or cryptanlysing the keys you wouldn't be able to
copy the software.
Still what about using software from the FSF?  Or that you wrote your
self?  Or that PRZ wrote?  How would a police state disable this?
They could make the system so that it would only run software signed
by the NSA software authorisation service :-) Any software to be
vetted and only runable on once authorised.  Development machines
would need to be strictly licensed.
But even then you could probably write PGP in microsoft word basic if
you really had to (?)  Checking for non-approved crypto in
communication beween machines would ultimately fail though because
even if a rabid police state required only standard formats you could
super encrypt or use steganography and then superencrypt in your word
basic implementation of PGP.
The legal requirement for standardised communications encodings, and
the NSA software authorisation aren't going to happen any time soon
IMO.  Tamper resistant CPUs with public key and on the fly decryption of
memory accesses feasible I suppose for software copyright, might even
have some positive uses like providing a framework in which to embed
chaum's observers for off-line anonymous ecash.  If the option was
selectable per thread so that you could run both encrypted and normal
code on it, and when in encrypted mode it would not allow any debug
modes it would seem feasible enough for copyright purposes.
All pretty negative aspects IMO though.
 -sp0777i<X+d*lMLa^*lN%0]dsXx++lMlN/dsM0<j]dsj
$/=unpack('H*',$_);$_=`echo 16dio\U$k"SK$/SM$n\EsN0p[lN*1
lK[d2%Sa2/d0$^Ixp"|dc`;s/\W//g;$_=pack('H*',/((..)*)$/)   # <- export violation

@_date: 1996-05-31 20:49:09
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: opinions on book "The Truth Machine" 
Anyone read this book?  Available on line:
The book is a possible future world scenario exploring the social
implications of another new potential technology, a 100% reliable
truth test.  What would society do with such a device?
The book explores the direction in which it is no longer possible to
speak untruthfully without detection.  A different approach to AP to
ensuring honesty in politicians.
The political climate has moved to a situation were the population
accepts a world government and loss of privacy for the payback of near
zero crime rate.
Is this utopia or has free will been removed?
Certainly many of the premises in the book are contrary to cypherpunk
goals in that privacy is erroded (you can not lie, and truth tests
with the question as to wether you have committed a crime at routine
points, for example when you need to renew a driving license, etc).
Government regulation of many aspects of life have been increased.
Position escrow or some near-relative is in there too, for the purpose
of allowing one to prove what was said, the video stream is sent and
encrypted in real time.  Also cryogenics, and nano-tech.
Interesting technology for cypherpunks to think about the
implications, likelihood, desirability etc.
