
@_date: 1997-08-09 22:45:10
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: This Is Working!!!!Now!! 
Dear Friend,
The following opportunity is one you may be interested in taking a look at. It can be started with  MINIMAL OUTLAY and the income return is Tremendous!
                             "The computer what an amazing machine"....
You are about to make at least $50,000- in less than 90 days
Please read the enclosed program then read it again.
You are looking at the most amazing program you have ever seen! I received
this E-Mail at least 2 times read it and deleted it. The third time I received it....
I knew I had to give this a chance. I was right. THIS IS WORKING NOW!
This is a money making PHENOMENON. Print this letter for future use.
Read the Program......Then Read It Again<<<
This is a legitimate legal money making opportunity. It does not require you to come
in contact with people. Or to perform any task that you can not easily master.
It has demonstrated and proven its ability to generate large sums of money.
This program is showing fantastic appeal with an ever increasing population That just continues to expand. This is probably not the first time you are seeing
this which is obviously  one of the most, indeed maybe the most, exciting proof
that this program is working right now. Couple that with these easily verifiable facts.
1- Only 35% of all the homes in the US have a computer in them as of now.
2-100,000 people are joining us online every month.
3-The last two facts quoted continue to rise steadily.
Thousands of people have used this program to raise capital to start their own business, pay off debts, buy homes, cars, etc., even retire!
This is your chance ! So don't pass it up. Remember this is not a chain letter, It can not be broken, It works 100% every time.
How ever you must follow the instructions exactly for the best results. Change nothing
this works exceedingly well as it is now. I sincerely hope that you will choose to experience in the next 2 to 3 months what I have been experiencing for the past
3 months. Do you have any idea what it is like to be suddenly able to say, Hold
everything, I am taking some control of my own life back for the pure and simple reason that now thanks to this program I am financially able to do just that. Alter
the course of my life..
THREW IT AWAY
"I had received this program before. I threw it away, But later wondered if I shouldnt have given it a try. Of course I had no Idea who to contact to get a copy, So I had to wait
until I was E-mailed another copy of the program. Eleven months passed,
Then it came. I DIDN'T throw this one away. I made $41,000 on the first try."
                                                                                                     Dawn W., Evansville, IN
NO FREE LUNCH
"My late father always told me, "remember Alan, There is no free lunch in life.
You get out of life what you put into it " Through Trial and Error and a somewhat
frustrating start, I finally figured it out. The Program works very well, I just had to find the right target group of people to e-mail it to. So far this year I have made over
 $63,000 using this program. I know my dad would have been very proud of me.
                                                                                                     Alan B., Philadelphia, PA
"Do you have any idea what 11,700 $5 bills ($58,000) look like piled up on a kitchen
table? Its AWESOME.
                                                                                                 Christopher Erickson.
         A Personal Note From The Originator Of This Program
 By the time you have read the enclosed information and looked over the enclosed
program and reports. You should have concluded that such a program,and one that is legal, Could not have been created by an amateur.
Let me tell you a little about my self. I had a profitable business for ten years. Then in
1979 my business began falling off. I was doing the same things that were previously successful for me, but it wasn't working.Finally, I figured out. It was the economy. Inflation and recession had replaced the stable economy that had been with us since 1945. I don't have to tel you what happened to the unemployment rate... because many of you know from first hand experience. There were more failures and bankruptcies than ever before.
   The middle class was vanishing. those who knew what they were doing invested wisely and moved up. Those who did not, including those who never had anything to save or invest, were moving down into the ranks of the poor. As the saying goes
"THE RICH GET RICHER AND THE POOR GET POORER". The traditional methods of making money will never allow you to "move up" or "get rich", inflation will see to that.
You have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life, with "NO RISK" and "JUST A LITTLE BIT OF EFFORT". You can make more
money in the next few months than you have ever imagined. Follow the program EXACTLY AS INSTRUCTED. Do not change it in any way.
It works exceedingly well as is now . Remember to E-mail a copy of this exciting program to every one that you can think of.
One of the people you send this may send out 50,000...and your name will be on everyone of them!. Remember though, the more you send out , the more potential customers you will reach.
So my friend, I have given you the ideas,information,materials and opportunity to become financially independent, IT'S UP TO YOU NOW!
                   HERES HOW THIS AMAZING PROGRAM will MAKE YOU$$$$$$$
Lets say that you decide to start small, just to see how it goes and we'll assume you
and all those involved send out 2000 programs each. Lets also assume that the mailing receives a .5% response. Using a good list the response could be much better. Also many people will send out hundreds of thousands of programs instead
of 2000. But continuing with this example, You send out only 2000 programs with
a 5% response, That is only 10 orders for REPORT those ten people respond by sending out 2000 programs each for a total of 20,000. Out of those .5%, 100 people
respond and order REPORT Those 100 mail out 2000 programs each for a total of 200,000. The.5% response to that is 1000 orders for REPORT Those 1000 send out 2000 programs each for a 2,000,000 total. The .5% response to that is 10,000 orders for REPORT That's 10,000 Five Dollar Bills for you. CASH!!!!
Your total income in this example is $50 +$500+5000+ $50,000
 for a total of  $55,550 !!!!!!!!
REMEMBER FRIEND, THIS IS ASSUMING THAT 1990 OUT OF 2000 PEOPLE YOU
MAIL TO DO ABSOLUTELY NOTHING......AND TRASH THIS PROGRAM! DARE TO THINK FOR A MOMENT WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF EVERYONE OR HALF SENT OUT
100,000 PROGRAMS INSTEAD OF 2000.
Believe me, many people will do that and more,! by the way, your cost to participate in this is practically nothing. You obviously already have an internet connection and E-mail is FREE!!!  REPORT Will show you the best methods for Bulk E-Mailing
and purchasing E-Mail lists.
        THIS IS A LEGITIMATE, LEGAL, MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY
It does not require you to come into contact with people , do any hard work, and best
of all, you never have to leave the house except to get the mail. If you Believe that some day you will get that big break that you have been waiting for,THIS IS IT!
Simply follow the instructions, And your dream will come true.
this Multi Level E-Mail order marketing program works perfectly...100%EVERY TIME.
E-Mail is the sales tool of the future. Take advantage of this non commercialized
method of advertising NOW!!!!! The longer you wait, the more people will be doing business using E-mail. Get your piece of this action!!!
MULTI-LEVEL MARKETING has finally gained respectability. It is being taught in the
Harvard Business School, And both Stanford research and the Wall Street Journal
have stated that between 50% and 65% of all goods and services will be sold throughout Multi Level Methods by the mid to late 1990's.
This is a Multi-Billion Dollar industry and of 500,000 millionaires in the US, 20% (100,000) Made their fortune in the last several years in MLM. Moreover, Statistics
show 45 people become Millionaires everyday through Multi-Level Marketing.
You are now reading a method of raising capital that works 100% EVERY TIME.
Please read the program carefully.
Step 1: Order all FOUR REPORTS (4) Listed by Name and Number
do this by ordering the REPORT from each of the four(4) names listed on the next
page. For each REPORT, send $5 CASH and a Self Addressed Stamped Envelope,
BUSINESS SIZE  To the person listed for the SPECIFIC REPORT. it is essential
that you specify the NAME and NUMBER of the report requested to the person you are ordering from. You will need ALL FOUR REPORTS because you will be REPRINTING and RESELLING them. DO NOT alter the names or sequence other than what the instructions say. IMPORTANT : always provide same day service on all orders.
Step 2: Replace the name and address under REPORT with yours, moving the one that was there down to REPORT drop the name and address under REPORT
to REPORT moving the one that was there to REPORT The name and address that was under REPORT is dropped from the list and this party is no doubt on the
way to the bank. When doing this, Make sure you type the names and addresses
DO NOT MIX UP MOVING PRODUCT/REPORT POSITIONS!!!!!!
Step 3: Having made the required changes in the NAME list save it as a text (.txt) file
in It's own directory to be used with what ever E-Mail program you like. Again, REPORT will tell you the best methods of Bulk E-mailing and acquiring e-mail
Step 4: E -mail a copy of the entire program(all of this is very important) to everyone
whose address you can get your hands on. Start with friends and relatives since you can encourage them to take advantage of this fabulous money making opportunity. That's what I did and they love me now, more than ever. Then, E -mail
to any one and everyone! use your imagination! You can get E-mail addresses from
companies on the internet who specialize in E-Mail mailing lists. These are very cheap, 100,000 addresses for around $35.
You will not get a good response if you use old lists, So always request a FRESH, NEW list. You will find out where to purchase these lists when you order all FOUR REPORTS.
REQUIRED REPORTS
*** Order each REPORT by NUMBER and NAME***
ALWAYS SEND A SELF ADDRESSED STAMPED ENVELOPE AND $5 CASH FOR EACH ORDER REQUESTING THE SPECIFIC REPORT BY NAME AND NUMBER.
