
@_date: 1996-09-26 21:51:57
@_author: Aaron 
@_subject: Re: Global Alert: GERMAN GOVERNMENT PUSHES BLOCKAGE OF NETHERLANDS WEB SITES 
I am writing in reference to the document, Global Alert: GERMAN GOVERNMENT
PUSHES BLOCKAGE OF NETHERLANDS WEB SITES, which is available on the web as
, with links to
related documents and information at
I think that information about the German government's attacks on the web,
and on revolutionary publications, should be propogated as widely as
possible, and I encourage those who have not seen the 'Global Alert' and
related documents to download and read them.  I am very disturbed, however,
by some of the formulations in the 'Alert', and I want to make my
criticisms widely known as well, since I believe that the issues I raise
are very important for defenders of free communication.  I understand that
others may disagree about both the correctness and importance of my
criticisms. So be it.
Here are the offending passages and my criticisms:
This reference to 'offending criminals' seems to imply that those who
create 'offensive expression' may properly be regarded as 'criminals' and
prosecuted on account of that expression, in case some government has
decided to criminalize such expression.
This implies that censorship which targets a specific user might be alright!
This is the most disturbing statement in the document. It apparently
threatens to turn over users of the system to the police if they are (by
whose definition?) 'online criminals abusing the xs4all system'.
Is it appropriate to advise the German government how to carry out its
attacks on left media in a less 'futile' manner? Do you want to say that
the German government has a right to ask for assistance from the Dutch
government in carrying out these attacks? Are you sure that the Dutch
government will not, in the not-so-distant future, be willing to help them?
P.S. I am a news broadcaster and commentator with Free Radio Berkeley, a
well-known unlicensed radio station. I will continue to report on this
story until the German government gives up its attempts to suppress Radikal
and other revolutionary publications.

@_date: 1996-10-04 20:27:30
@_author: Aaron 
@_subject: Uruguayan 'pirate' radio seized 
I thought that I had sent this out already to my various private lists, but
it appears that I haven't.  From my perspective of involvement in Free
Radio and support for armed struggle, I consider it important.
Feel free to redistribute this.  If you can improve the translation, or
find additional information, please send me a copy.
The Spanish original follows my translation.
La Jornada (Mexico), 23 September 1996
Uruguayan pirate radio equipment seized; transmitted EZLN messages.
Ap y Dpa, Montevideo, 22 de septiembre.  Uruguayan military intelligence
services confiscated the transmission equipment of a clandestine radio
station that broadcast messages of Mexico's EZLN, according to the Defense
Minister, Raúl Iturria. He speculated that it could have involved the
promotion of collective armed uprisings, and possible terrorist acts.
According to a report in the Uruguayan periodical El País, the raid on the
broadcaster 'La Intrusa', located in the Montevideo suburban barrio of La
Teja, allowed the discovery of "subversive plans" and radio messages sent
from the Lacandon jungle and from Nicaragua, although not 'codified' by the
military intelligence services. [Can any Spanish speakers clarify the last
clause? See original below.--Aaron]
The Nicaraguan instructional materials contained formulas, systems of
putting together explosives, and some suggestions for illegally obtaining
the various materials necessery for the armaments to reach their maximum
The instructions were put to music, with Central American rhythm,
explaining directly and even joyfully the means of equipping any group.
In the international communications broadcast by the pirate radio,
reporters, presumably Uruguayan, reported from the Mexican jungle "whole
chapters of tactics useful for confronting the enemy", and these made
reference to impending contact with unidentified inserrectional forces of
Chile, according to the newspaper.
According to a Uruguayan broadcast official, the police operation also
allowed the seizure of propaganda material and materials for making molotov
cocktails that  were used by members of the pirate radio station against
patrol vehicles in their area of operation.
La Jornada 23 de septiembre de 1996
Confiscaron en Uruguay equipo de radio que difundía mensajes del EZLN.
Ap y Dpa, Montevideo, 22 de septiembre.  Los servicios de inteligencia
militar de Uruguay confiscaron los equipos de transmisión de una estación
de radio clandestina que difundía mensajes del movimiento rebelde Ejército
Zapatista de Liberación Nacional, de México, informó hoy el ministro de
Defensa, Raúl Iturria, quien especuló que podría tratarse de la promoción
de alzamientos armados colectivos, y eventuales acciones terroristas.
De acuerdo con información del periódico matutino uruguayo El País, el
allanamiento a la radiodifusora La Intrusa, ubicada en el barrio suburbano
La Teja, de Montevideo, permitió descubrir ``planes subversivos'' y
mensajes radiales enviados desde la Selva Lacandona y de Nicaragua, aún no
codificados por los servicios de inteligencia militar.
El material instructivo nigaragüense contenía fórmulas, sistemas de
ensamblado para explosivos y algunas sugerencias para la obtención ilegal
de los distintos materiales necesarios para que el armamento alcanzara su
máxima potencia.
Las indicaciones eran musicalizadas, con ritmo centroamericano, dijo, al
explicar directa y hasta alegremente el modo de pertrechar a cualuqier
En las comunicaciones internacionales difundidas por la radioemisora
pirata, reporteros, presumiblemente uruguayos, informaban desde la selva
mexicana ``capítulos enteros de tácticas ejecutables para enfrentar al
enemigo'', y en ellos se hacía referencia a un próximo contacto con fuerzas
insurrectas de Chile aún no identificadas, precisó el diario.
Así, el operativo policial permitió incautar, además, material de
propaganda y elementos para la fabricación de cocteles molotov que, según
dijo el director nacional de Comunicaciones de Uruguay, Ernesto Dhel, eran
utilizados por los miembros de la radioemisora ilegal, contra los vehículos
de patrullaje instalados en su área de acción.

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:40:23
@_author: Aaron 
@_subject: Solidarity with Peruvian Guerrilla! 
** See list of useful Web sites at end of this post! **
I am writing this while I am tired and should be asleep, since I think that
this matter is too urgent to delay. I apologize for any careless
By now, you all know that the Peruvian guerrilla group MRTA (Movimiento
Revolucionario Tupac Amaru) has occupied the mansion of the Japanese
ambassador in Lima and is holding several hundred prisoners. Unless you are
in an unusual part of the world, you also have seen how the bourgeois media
are discussing the matter as a problem of how to deal with 'terrorists.'
For the working people and all the oppressed and exploited of the world,
and for socialists, communists, and anarchists, the seizure of the
ambassador's residence along with about 400 bourgeois dinner guests is a
great accomplishment. It is a blow against the terrorism of the Peruvian
state and its imperialist patrons! Those captured in the raid include many
members of the Peruvian and international ruling elite, including the head
of Peru's secret police! It will be politically very difficult for the
Peruvian state to launch a military attack as a means of resolving the
crisis, since that would create quite a few 'illustrious corpses' and lead
to a falling out among bourgeois sectors.. (And it would be difficult to
get the world's poor majority to join the bourgeoisie in mourning its
dead!) It seems that there is already a falling out between Fujimori and
the Japanese over Fujimori's refusal, so far, to negotiate.
It is very important that the situation in Lima not be resolved in a way
that can be seen as a victory for the bourgeoisie. It is our task to
publicize who the real criminals are in Peru and to help wring concessions
from the Peruvian dictatorship. In particular, we should demand the release
of all political prisoners and prisoners of war from Peru's hideous
torture-chamber prisons. In this context, let's not get involved in
sectarian battles among the various factions of Peru's anti-government
left. Whatever differences the groups have, and these are very serious, we
must keep in mind that the Peruvian state and its imperialist backers (in
Washington, Tokyo, London, Bonn, etc.) are the main enemy. All political
prisoners must be released, whether of MRTA, the PCP (Shining Path) or
Thanks to the widespread publicity given to the events in Lima, many more
people will be interested in what we have to say about Peru than normally
would. Let's organize demonstrations at Peruvian Embassies, Consulates,
airline offices, etc. Let's raise our voices in whatever forum may be
available to defend the heroic guerrillas and to denounce the real
--In solidarity,
--Aaron P.S. Plans are being made for a demonstration at the Peruvian Consulate in
San Francisco, California -- probably on Monday, December 23. If you live
in the area, please send me an e-mail message. Otherwise, do what you can
in your area!
SOME USEFUL WEB SITES:
Web site on the current crisis:
What Are The Goals Of Your Embassy Occupation? -- Interview With Norma
Velazco, Representative Of The Tupac Amaru Revolutionary Movement (MRTA) In
Partial list of hostages:
MRTA's web site in Europe:
Lima's best bourgeois newspaper (in Spanish):
