
@_date: 1996-10-02 11:47:05
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: White House Statement on Clipper 3.11 
Included below for your viewing pleasure is the Administration's latest
encryption proposal, released at a White House briefing this afternoon.
This statement, and more information including CDT's forthcoming analysis
of the proposal, are available at:
                Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Vice President
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT:  456-7035
TUESDAY, October 1, 1996
STATEMENT OF THE VICE PRESIDENT
President Clinton and I are committed to promoting the growth of electronic
commerce and robust, secure communications worldwide while protecting the
public safety and national security.  To that end, this Administration is
consulting with Congress, the information technology industry, state and
local law enforcement officials, and foreign governments on a major
initiative to liberalize export controls for commercial encryption
The Administration's initiative will make it easier for Americans to use
stronger encryption products -- whether at home or abroad -- to protect
their privacy, intellectual property and other valuable information.  It
will support the growth of electronic commerce, increase the security of
the global information, and sustain the economic competitiveness of U.S.
encryption product manufacturers during the transition to a key management
Under this initiative, the export of 56-bit key length encryption products
will be permitted under a general license after one-time review, and
contingent upon industry commitments to build and market future products
that support key recovery.  This policy will apply to hardware and software
products.  The relaxation of controls will last up to two years.
The Administration's initiative recognizes that an industry-led technology
strategy will expedite market acceptance of key recovery, and that the
ultimate solution must be market-driven.
Exporters of 56-bit DES or equivalent encryption products would make
commitments to develop and sell products that support the key recovery
system that I announced in July.  That vision presumes that a trusted party
(in some cases internal to the user's organization) would recover the
user's confidentiality key for the user or for law enforcement officials
acting under proper authority.  Access to keys would be provided in
accordance with destination country policies and bilateral understandings.
No key length limits or algorithm restrictions will apply to exported key
recovery products.
Domestic use of key recovery will be voluntary, and any American will
remain free to use any encryption system domestically.
The temporary relaxation of controls is one part of a broader encryption
policy initiative designed to promote electronic information security and
public safety.  For export control purposes, commercial encryption products
will no longer be treated as munitions.  After consultation with Congress,
jurisdiction for commercial encryption controls will be transferred from
the State Department to the Commerce Department.  The Administration also
will seek legislation to facilitate commercial key recovery, including
providing penalties for improper release of keys, and protecting key
recovery agents against liability when they properly release a key.
As I announced in July, the Administration will continue to expand the
purchase of key recovery products for U.S. government use, promote key
recovery arrangements in bilateral and multilateral discussions, develop
federal cryptographic and key recovery standards, and stimulate the
development of innovative key recovery products and services.
Under the relaxation, six-month general export licenses will be issued
after one-time review, contingent on commitments from exporters to explicit
benchmarks and milestones for developing and incorporating key recovery
features into their products and services, and for building the supporting
infrastructure internationally.  Initial approval will be contingent on
firms providing a plan for implementing key recovery.  The plan will
explain in detail the steps the applicant will take to develop, produce,
distribute, and/or market encryption products with key recovery features.
The specific commitments will depend on the applicant's line of business.
The government will renew the licenses for additional six-month periods if
milestones are met.  Two years from now, the export of 56-bit products that
do not support key recovery will no longer be permitted.  Currently
exportable 40-bit mass market software products will continue to be
exportable.  We will continue to support financial institutions in their
efforts to assure the recovery of encrypted financial information.  Longer
key lengths will continue to be approved for products dedicated to the
support of financial applications.
The Administration will use a formal mechanism to provide industry, users,
state and local law enforcement, and other private sector representatives
with the opportunity to advise on the future of key recovery.  Topics will
evaluating the developing global key recovery architecture
assessing lessons-learned from key recovery implementation
advising on technical confidence issues vis-a-vis access to and release of keys
addressing interoperability and standards issues
identifying other technical, policy, and program issues for governmental action.
The Administration's initiative is broadly consistent with the recent
recommendations of the National Research Council.  It also addresses many
of the objectives of pending Congressional legislation.

@_date: 1996-11-15 18:09:37
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: Re: Mirror of new export control regulations 
It gets even more interesting.  In addition to signing today's Executive
Order on encryption, the President also designated Ambassador David L.
Aaron as the new "Special Envoy for Cryptography."  (Really, I'm not making
this up.)
According to the White House, this Special Envoy will have "responsibility
to promote the growth of electronic commerce and robust, secure global
communications in a manner that protects the public safety and national
security. . . . Ambassador Aaron will promote international cooperation,
coordinate U.S. contacts with foreign governments on encryption matters and
provide a focal point for identifying and resolving bilateral and
multilateral encryption issues."
CDT's Web site also has the text of the President's Executive Order,
Presidential Memorandum on Encryption Export Policy, and letter to
Congress, at
The White House Crypto Envoy press release should be posted there shortly.
What happens next?  According to the Administration, we can expect two new
Rules -- one from the State Department, transferring its jurisdiction to
Commerce; and one from the Commerce Department, spelling out exactly how it
will approve products for export, what the requirements for approved key
recovery centers and key recovery plans will look like, etc.  That last
rule is where the rubber really hits the road.  We'll finally have a chance
to talk concretely about whether the Administration's key recovery/export
control policy meets the privacy needs of computer users.  Hopefully there
will be a comment period for concerned parties to make their views known...
Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger

@_date: 1997-05-02 08:07:05
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: SAFE Bill is a Good Thing--"Crypto For The Masses" 
The SAFE encryption bill would put more non-escrow, strong encryption in
the hands of many more people -- and mark the death knell for government
regulation of encryption. That's why CDT supports it. That's why we hope
that people who care about privacy and security online will support it too.
1. The SAFE Bill Will Bring More Strong Crypto To More People
There is a right we don't have now: The right to export strong
cryptography. The result is that strong, easy-to-use encryption is not
seamlessly integrated into most popular products, and is not accessible to
most people (who are not as technically sophisticated as the members of
this list.)
SAFE would legalize the export (to all but a few countries such as Iran, N.
Korea, and Cuba) of non-escrow encryption *of unlimited strength* that is
designed for the mass market or is in the public domain, i.e.:
                    designed for installation by the purchaser; or
                    "(ii) that is in the public domain for which
                    copyright or other protection is not available
                    under title 17, United States Code, or that is
                    available to the public because it is generally
                    accessible to the interested public in any form;"
So the export control provisions in SAFE would put a lot more strong crypto

@_date: 1997-05-22 07:27:14
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: Report: The Risks of Key Recovery 
An experts' study of the risks presented by key escrow and key recovery was
released this morning and is now available on the Web at
Thought some of you folks might find this interesting.
THE RISKS OF KEY RECOVERY, KEY ESCROW, AND TRUSTED THIRD PARTY ENCRYPTION
        Report By Leading Cryptographers and Computer Scientists Says
            Government Encryption Plan Is Risky and Impractical
On Wednesday May 21, a group of leading cryptographers and computer
scientists released a report examining the risks and implications of
government-driven key-recovery systems.
The report cautions that, "The deployment of a general key-recovery-based
encryption infrastructure to meet law enforcement's stated requirements
will result in substantial sacrifices in security and cost to the end user.
Building a secure infrastructure of the breathtaking scale and complexity
demanded by these requirements is far beyond the experience and current
competency of the field."
The report's authors, recognized leaders in the fields of cryptography and
computer science, include Hal Abelson, Ross Anderson, Steven M. Bellovin,
Josh Benaloh, Matt Blaze, Whitfield Diffie, John Gilmore, Peter G. Neumann,
Ronald L. Rivest, Jeffery I. Schiller, and Bruce Schneier.
HOW TO OBTAIN A COPY OF THE REPORT
The report is available online at and printed copies will also be available through the Center for
Democracy and Technology.
FOR MORE INFORMATION
If you have any questions or would like additional information, please
contact Alan Davidson at CDT, 202.637.9800 .

@_date: 1997-06-17 06:47:02
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: Re: IBM sues critics? 
To the best of my knowledge neither CDT nor any of the individual authors
has been served with any papers or received any other notice of a suit
regarding the key recovery report. (Available at
I suspect that the last thing IBM would want to do is give this experts'
more publicity.  At this point, rumors of a lawsuit appear to be unfounded.
And remember: In libel cases, truth is always a defense.  :)
Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger

@_date: 1998-12-31 21:39:37
@_author: Alan Davidson 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Regs -- More of the Same 
Here is CDT's statement on the new regs. They should be available in the
Federal Register this morning.
Happy Holidays to all. Here's hoping for some real relief in 1999.
Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger
December 30, 1998
New Encryption Regs Fail To Change Debate
The U.S. government is expected to publish new encryption export
regulations in the Federal Register tomorrow that once again grant only
limited relief for encryption exports. The new regulations implement the
policy announcement on encryption made by the White House last September.
While providing welcome incremental relief allowing export of 56-bit
encryption, and stronger products to certain industry sectors, the
Administration's latest liberalization effort leaves individual privacy at
risk and fails to resolve the broader issues surrounding U.S. encryption
"These latest encryption regulations are like rearranging the deck chairs
on the Titanic," said CDT Staff Counsel Alan Davidson. "While any export
relief is welcome, the U.S. government continues to embrace a failed
encryption policy based on export controls and backdoor plaintext access
features that threaten privacy and prevent people from protecting
themselves online. Today's announcement does little to change the broader
policy debate over how to give people the security tools they need to
protect their privacy in the Information Age.  We expect to continue the
policy debate, and the push for sensible encryption legislation, in
Congress next year."
Major features of the September White House policy, implemented in the new
regulations, include:
* Decontrol of 56-bit DES products or equivalent (hardware and software)
* Export of higher strength products for:
  * Subsidiaries of U.S. firms
  * Sectoral relief allowing export of strong encryption products to
    insurance companies and health and medical organizations
  * Limited relief allowing export of strong encryption products to online
    merchants for certain electronic commerce server applications only.
  * License exceptions allowing export of strong encryption product if they
    contain "recovery" or other "plaintext access" features (such as "private
    doorbells") that allow law enforcement access to plaintext without the
    notice or consent of the end user.
While CDT welcomes efforts by the Administration to grant greater export
relief, the new regulations leave privacy and security concerns unresolved,
particularly for individuals. These include:
* 56-bit DES is Not Strong Enough -- Expert cryptographers have argued for
years that 56-bit encryption is not sufficient to protect privacy online.
Just last summer, a group of California researchers created a "DES Cracker"
that broke a 56-bit length encrypted message in just 56 hours, using
minimal resources. RSA, the data security company, just this week offering
a new prize to anyone who can crack DES in one day. The new Administration
policy prohibits the export of far stronger 128-bit encryption products
that are becoming the world standard for security.
* Individual End-Users are Left Vulnerable -- While the relief offered for
particular industry sectors is welcome, individuals seeking to encrypt
securely abroad face are left vulnerable. The new policy begs the
questions: When do everyday computer users get encryption relief?
* U.S Policy Continues Push for Key Recovery and "Plaintext Access" -- The new
policy continues to push for adoption of key recovery and other plaintext
access products, granting broad relief for products "that, when activated,
allow[] recovery of the plaintext of encrypted data without the assistance
of the end user." Such access systems create new vulnerable backdoors,
jeopardizing personal privacy and creating security concerns where none
need exist. (See "The Risks of Key Recovery, Key Escrow, and Trusted Third
Party Encryption" experts report, available at
CDT remains committed to seeking broad relief from export controls and to
promoting the freedom of people to use whatever encryption tools they need
to protect their privacy online. For more information on this or other
encryption policy and Internet civil liberties issues, please contact Alan
Davidson or Ari Schwartz at CDT, (202) 637-9800.
