
@_date: 1995-01-12 18:15:04
@_author: Adam Feuer 
@_subject: essential characteristics of a Data Haven 
looking thru the cyphernomicon, this is about all i could come up with
for characteristics of a data haven:
  anyone have a list of the essential characteristics of a data haven?
what differentiates a "data haven" from "reasonably secure offsite
here's my attempt at a working definition:
a "data haven"...
1. "securely" stores data files for remote users.
2. will only allow "authorized" entities to store files in the data haven.
3. will only allow "owners" of the files to withdraw their files from the       data haven. 4. differentiates "authorized" entities from "non-authorized ones, and       "owners" from "non-owners", only by means of cryptographic keys.
  terms i left undefined are "securely," authorized," and "owner." by
"secure" i imagine a DH will attempt to prevent its data from being
destroyed, or read by anyone other than the data's "owner." by
"authorized" i imagine that a DH will not want to accept data from
just anyone. (for instance, people who don't pay.) by "owner" i mean
the specific "authorized" entity that stored the data in the DH.
  i imagine that most DH's will need to accept digital cash to be able
to operate. is this an essential characteristic of a cp data haven?
what did i leave out?

@_date: 1995-01-20 17:22:20
@_author: Adam Feuer 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney? Why not a web of debt? 
Noyb asks if there are offline methods of IOU-token exchange...
  well, one way of doing it is LETS, the Local Exchange Trading System-- a
non-computerized way of exchanging value in a community. it doesn't
exactly use money. there are thousands of LETS's worldwide, i've never
used one and don't know how they work in practice, tho i'd like to find
out! they seem like a good idea. it seems like the ideas could be extended to the net-- there seems to be a synergy with digital signatures, etc.
   a good place to find info about LETS is: LETSystems - the Home Page

@_date: 1995-01-22 00:05:23
@_author: Adam Feuer 
@_subject: Re: jpunix.com and MX'ing 
canonical names:
  or, a less expensive solution if you use BSDI or Linux, set up an alias or a dummy interface (virtual interface). (under linux you also have to add a route from your real interface to it.) it's what i do.
   this also requires another IP address and hence cooperation of whoever is giving you IP numbers, but it works like a charm.
Adam Feuer

@_date: 1995-01-30 22:23:10
@_author: Adam Feuer 
@_subject: PGP/crypto XCMDs for hypercard... 
anyone know if there are any PGP or general crypto XCMDs for hypercard? i'm prototyping a front-end to control some premail stuff and some secure WWW server apps, and it would be convenient to have something like this.   on related notes, anybody know about XCMDs that talk to MacTCP...? and can someone send me status or a pointer to the PGP library for windows?
  please reply to me personally; i'll summarize to the list.
Adam Feuer
