
@_date: 1995-08-10 21:18:18
@_author: SysAdmin 
@_subject: Crypto-relevant flame interruption 
Would someone be so kind as to provide a status report on the
planned SSL attack? Last word was that codework was still underway,
but I might have missed something relevant to this project amidst
all of the noise about excessive list noise. Fred

@_date: 1995-10-20 21:46:37
@_author: SysAdmin 
@_subject: Re: textbooks 
Along the same lines, I just picked up "Cryptography, Theory and Practice" by Douglas R. Stinson (CRC Press, 1995). It seems to be very comprehensive but lacks the readability of Schneier. This is definitely not a beginner's book, but it would be useful to someone seeking greater insight into the math behind crypto.
Fred

@_date: 1996-02-10 04:21:09
@_author: Fred 
@_subject: Re: Forgery 
Well, the fact that it's a "bad signature" does a lot to assuage concerns
about forgery. Now we'll probably see another message attempting to validate this one,
which attempted to validate an earlier message about a forgery that no
one (with the possible exception of the author) cared about in the first place. David (or whoever is forging this stuff for you), you should have quit while you were ahead. It's been all downhill for you since the first
Will the real David Sternlight (and DS wanna-bees) please sit down?
Fred

@_date: 1996-03-21 04:52:31
@_author: Fred 
@_subject: Re: IPG message 
Obviously, "ABC" stands for "Already Been Cracked".
Fred

@_date: 1996-03-28 12:35:52
@_author: Fred 
@_subject: Random Number Testing 
The limitation seems to be in the testing process.
An inviolable rule of test and measurement is that the testing process
must have a higher degree of accuracy and precision than is expected from
the item under test. If all you have is a non-graduated stick one meter long, you can't measure increments of less than one meter unless you add some additional resolution to the system (such as a human's judgment
that the object is four sticks, plus about another third of a stick,
Our ability to synthesize pseudo-random data, and the degree to which
it approaches true random data, is limited by our ability to discern
between the two. If the best testing process available yields the
same results for the output of a true RNG and a particular PRNG, what
can be done to improve the randomness of the PRNG? How could we tell
the difference based on the data itself? About all you could do would be to critique the PRNG or sieving process from an empirical perspective and hope that you weren't introducing some other non-random bias to the system. I'm sure that some perfectly random data would be discarded as being non-random, especially for a small sample size. The sequence  HHHHTTTT doesn't look random, but this outcome of 8 flips is equally probable for a "perfect" coin. Do you keep this data or toss it because it doesn't "look" random? If you toss it, aren't you
removing entropy from the sample?
It may be (relatively) easy to say that radioactive decay is a truly random process and a sieve which discards certain re-occuring values is not. Improving the testing process, and increasing the size of the
data used for that testing, will improve the sieve output. However,
it looks like an asymptotic situation: the PRNG can approach, but never
quite reach, the true RNG case. As long as human analysis and discretion
is involved, there will always be a certain amount of non-randomness
in the output of a PRNG. My question: if you don't know the source of the data, how can you
_really_ determine if it's random enough for crypto use? Given any
PRNG string of a certain length, does the fact that I might be able to find that exact same data string buried in a mountain of truly random data mean that it's suitable for crypto use? If you knew that I created the data from the clock of my workstation, then maybe not. But otherwise?
Fred

@_date: 1996-07-30 12:45:23
@_author: Fred 
@_subject: Re: Parsing JYA; now others? 
Sounds like the lyrics to a YES song to me. Compare the styles:
"The silhouette will charge the view
of distant atmospheres."
Fred
