
@_date: 1993-08-25 13:05:40
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
Date: Wed, 25 Aug 93 08:37:07 -0700
   From: strick (strick -- henry strickland)
   Extracted from "FC NEWSBYTES 1.3", David Geddes  Editor,
   ____________________________________________ _ _..........
   B Y T E 4:
   Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud
   SAN FRANCISCO (AUG. 10) PR NEWSWIRE - Visa International and HNC Inc. have
   announced a strategic agreement to develop a comprehensive merchant risk
   detection system.  The new system will be designed to better control fraud at
   the merchant level by determining the risk associated with individual card
   transactions.
For those who are not familiar with the details of neural networks,  I
thought I would point out that this represents a departure from the current notion of a credit rating in two ways:
1) There is no clear way to fix your "neural credit rating" if there
   is a problem.
The neural network program which predicts the probability of fraud will
give its guess as to the probability of fraud.  If you are a cardholder
and it predicts that a transaction is likely to be fraudulent,  then
your purchase won't be accepted.  But,  unlike conventional credit reporting
firms which use a credit report,  the neural network cannot explain
anything about how it came to its decision.  With existing credit reporting
schemes,  you at least have the option of acquiring your credit report and
taking the necessary steps to repair your credit rating if there is a
problem.  With the use of neural networks,  this is no longer possible.
Given the current state of neural network research,  a percentage of the rejections will be false.  This means that a number of card users will be denied service for no other reason than the fact that neural networks make 2) You are no longer judged on your own actions,  but on the similarity
   of your purchasing patterns with those who have committed fraudulent acts.
Instead of being judged on your trustworthiness based on your past actions,
you will be judged based on whether people whose purchasing profiles are
similar to yours are trustworthy.  An example of this being problematic
is say you purchase a particular CD and the neural network decides that,
partly based on this and partly on other information,  that you won't
pay your bill because most of the people in the database who bought that
CD didn't pay their bills.

@_date: 1993-08-25 15:52:13
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
From: bill (T. William Wells)
   Date: Wed, 25 Aug 1993 21:04:05 GMT
   In article <9308252001.AA14017
   : [mostly bogus stuff]
   That is irrelevant to cypherpunks, as I understand the list.
The prospect of the impossibility of anonymity and the uses
to which personal information is made in a cashless economy is not relevant?  I beg to differ.  This is exactly what digital
cash is meant to prevent.
   There is no technology, including that of privacy, that cannot be
   used for ill. We don't know how they're going to be using the
   neural network. They could, as was suggested, abandon their minds
   and and rely on the neural net. I don't think they will because
   doing so would be a really bad business decision. Furthermore, on
   the evidence, the neural network output will only be used as one
   datum in a process involving many inputs and a human making the
   final decision. Finally, in the examples I'm familiar with (from
   reading AI Expert), when a neural net is used as a decision
   element, precisely because of its error rate, the decision isn't
   "go/no go" but "go/refer the problem to a human".
The problem with referring a neural network's decision to a human
is that the neural network gives no information other than the probability of fraud.  It does not tell the human why it determined
the transaction was likely to be flawed,  like a system based on rules or case-based reasoning would be able to do.  There is not any good way to combine the judgement of the neural net with that of a
human for that reason.
With respect,  I have found AI Expert to consist more of marketing
hype than correct and useful information on artificial intelligence

@_date: 1993-08-26 12:22:32
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
From: bill (T. William Wells)
   Date: Thu, 26 Aug 1993 01:21:03 GMT
   [...]
   But that wasn't what you were writing about. You were writing
   about bad business decisions, not violations of privacy.
No, you were writing about bad business decisions.  I was providing
a few details on how credit/charge-card information is used in this
process and a few potential problems resulting from it.
   For that matter, your notions on neural networks seem
   contradictory. On the one hand, you complain about a violation of
   privacy and on the other you complain that a neural network won't
   tell you how it reached its conclusions!
You are deliberately confusing two different points: 1) the fact that
neural networks do not provide useful explanations of how they arrived
at a particular decision,  and 2) some potential problems that arise
from this fact that concern privacy issues.
   :                I beg to differ.  This is exactly what digital
   : cash is meant to prevent.
   Digital cash and the use of neural networks to authenticate
   transactions are essentially orthogonal issues.
I will reiterate that the whole point of digital cash is to provide
anonymity,  which will prevent these kinds of uses made of personal
information which are not done with the explicit approval of the
person involved.
   : The problem with referring a neural network's decision to a human
   : is that the neural network gives no information other than the
   : probability of fraud.
   1) This statement is false. It is true of some neural networks
      but not all. We have no way of knowing whether their neural
      network is among those.
It is true of all commercial applications of neural networks to my
knowledge,  and certainly true of the neural networks developed
by Hecht-Nielsen.
   :                                                     There is not any
   : good way to combine the judgement of the neural net with that of a
   : human for that reason.
   Nonsense. As the existence of rule based systems that incorporate
   neural networks shows.
That shows no such thing.  The only way to combine the judgement of
a neural network with that of a rule-based system,  or anything else,
is to see if both arrive at the same conclusion.  You cannot see the
reasoning process of the neural network to help the human understand
why it made the judgement that it did,  the marketing hype of neural
network vendors notwithstanding.
This is my last post on this thread.

@_date: 1993-08-26 12:52:32
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
Date: Wed, 25 Aug 93 22:02:04 -0600
   From: ld231782 ("L. Detweiler")
   [...]
   Furthermore, a `warning flag' system is potentially superior to the
   current system, contrary to your statement of it being a `problem' in
   that potentially no other information other than `suspicious activity
   alert' is provided. as P. Wayner indicated, the potential for simple PR
   is increased to the point that at least some customers are pleased.
I did not intend to imply that Visa's policy in particular was not to
use the neural network as a "warning flag".  I was merely pointing out
potential problems in the trend of using neural networks to make decisions
based on personal information,  including details of neural network technology that limit their usefulness as "warning flags".  I was not
commenting on the policies of Visa, Inc.,  of which I have no personal The use of AI technology by both businesses and the government to track personal and corporate transactions is a major trend.  A former colleague
who is doing classified work along this line referred to what he was doing as "building big brother."

@_date: 1993-10-27 14:38:01
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: : a desperate please 
Date: Tue, 26 Oct 1993 14:46:56 -0700 (PDT)
   From: arthurc (Arthur Chandler)
   [...]
      Isn't it tough enough to build up a rep under our real names? What is    the point to using a pseudonym? I can think of some bad reasons; but I    can't come up with any good ones, except for "fun" and "just to see what    it feels like to put out opinions not my own."  I'm sure I'm missing the    point; so, before you jump on me as a Clueless Newbie, can you run by    the reasons why you want to have alternate personas on the NET?
Here's an example:  you're a rock star,  but your rock star identity is
a pseudonymous one,  so you can function as a normal person in your true
name identity.  When you are a celebrity your life becomes limited because
of people's reactions.  There will certainly be cyberspatial equivalents
of celebrities.
Another scenario:  if you develop some notoriety in a certain field,  it
may affect how your work in another field is received.  Say, for example
you are a dominatrix and a composer of church music,  and you love to do
both.  So you have separate identities for each.
It could also be instructive to have a cyberspatial pseudonymous identity
that is of a different gender, race, species, etc.

@_date: 1993-10-28 14:43:09
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Tim May, Detweiler and Me. 
Date: Thu, 28 Oct 93 13:34:35 -0500
   From: nobody
   > Granted, Mr. Detweiler has been a royal twit.  But then, so have many
   > others on the list in reply to him.  Shame on the lot of you.
   Oh, fuck off.  Take your preaching and moralizing to the net.
   In fact, all of y'all interested in reforming our black hearts:
   get fucking lost.  I want to hear Hal Finney's description of
   DC-nets, and you are just plain in the way.        Nowhere, Man
Yo Nowhere Boy,
Come out from behind that there anonymous re-mailer,  you no-account, penny-ante, douche-swillin', hound-dog-be-hind-sniffin', cake-bakin', cant-chantin', underwear-chewin', varmint-humpin', slack-jawed,
cripple-beatin', velveeta-meltin', glue-sniffin', shit-eatin',
beady-eyed, rubber-armed, dried-drool-encrusted, paper-bag-foldin',
mind-numbin', politician-listenin', professional-help-needin',
lawyer-trustin', TV-watchin', toilet-bowl-kissin', propaganda-believin', both over- and under-edumacated, bocce-playin', reality-distortin', space-warpin', card-countin', sassafrass-sippin', channel-surfin',
ill-behaved, fume-breathin', waste-spewin', paste-tastin', goofy-lookin',
turkey-bastin', KMART-wit-implanted, coupon-clippin', rhino-horn-ridin',
Bart-Simpson-veneratin', tired-old-idea-recyclin', seaweed-smellin',
floppy-eared, donut-chompin', kudzu-entwined, se-mantically-challenged,
not-at-all-anywheres-near-tolerable purple-assed wimp!
If you're going to flame somebody, at least stand up for your own words with your own name,  or a reputable pseudonym.  Or
better yet use PRIVATE EMAIL FER YER FLAME PICNICS!  Y'stoops!
Andy, being a nanosmidgin hypocritical today on accounta life bein' grand!

@_date: 1993-11-01 11:53:49
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: ON THE ROAD TO NOSINESS... 
From: an15489 (Jack Daniels)
   Date: Sat, 30 Oct 1993 00:19:10 UTC
   >In Europe, I believe that there are highways
   >that you can speed on, and then receive a ticket in the mail
   >when the camera photographs your plate.
   This happens here in the United States.  In Campbell, California
   the police have a small van which they set up on major streets.
   If the radar thinks you're speeding, it photographs you and mails
   you a ticket.
There is a similar system in Paris, if I remember correctly.
   Jack
   -------------------------------------------------------------------------
   To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help
   Due to the double-blind, any mail replies to this message will be anonymized,
   and an anonymous id will be allocated automatically. You have been warned.
   Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin

@_date: 1993-11-12 12:29:36
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Instant check system 
From: kone
   Date: Fri, 12 Nov 1993 02:27:00 -0500
   [...]
   One final item, I do agree that weapon ownership is not the issue we should
   talk to, but how can we protect our privacy yet keep "rights-violators" from
   open access to weapons.
   William Kone
   "I have trained over a thousand young men to eat, sleep, and shoot with their
   weapon.  But, I still get worried the first time I give them the rifels."
I disagree with your premise that there is any need to keep "rights-violators"  from open access to weapons.
The Brady Bill will have no effect on crime.  It is a pathetic band-aid
solution that does nothing to address the real causes of crime.  It will
only result in more potential abuses of the rights of law-abiding citizens.
1. Criminals don't always buy weapons from liscensed dealers, and
   after the bill passes and the system is in place, they won't at all.
   But this will not keep even one criminal from getting a weapon.  You
   can get weapons easily and cheaply on the street.
2. The waiting period will have no effect other than deny law-abiding
   citizens in imminent danger the right to defend themselves.  When
   someone threatens to kill you,  they are not going to wait seven
   days before they do it.  This is especially urgent for people who
   are being stalked.  The waiting period will not keep even one    potential murderer from getting a weapon,  but will result in anyone
   who is in danger being a sitting duck for seven days.
3. Any reason other than prior convictions as grounds for denial would
   be unconstitutional.  Alleging mental illness in order to deny civil
   rights was a favorite tactic of the former Soviet Union,  and has
   been used in this country not so long ago to deny civil rights to
   homosexuals.  People with behavior patterns that don't fit the white
   bread norm do not forfeit their right to self defense.  c.f. Szasz,    "The Myth of Mental Illness".
4. Convicted murderers belong in jail.  If we didn't let them out,
   we wouldn't need to check their backgrounds.  The way to keep
   "rights-violators" from open access to weapons is to keep them
   in jail.  In order for this to happen prisons need to be privately
   held profit-making entities.
I don't think there is any need for either a backround check or a waiting
Curiously, a police officer in Cambridge told me recently that there is a law still on the books in Massachussetts that it is unlawful for a head
of household to be in public *without* a firearm on Sundays,  the rationale
being that the head of household is responsible for the defense of the
family.  I wonder if he is correct.

@_date: 1993-11-29 15:47:15
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Disruptive members 
From: hawkwind
   Date: Mon, 29 Nov 1993 16:12:13 +0900
   [...]
   I liken people such to a situation where a group of friends are sitting
   talking around a fireplace deep in creative discussion and a Felini style
   circus band starts marching through the room playing at full volume. If
   this was in your home, you would throw them out; if at a ski lodge, the
   management would throw them out; if in a public place, the police would
   disperse them for "disturbing the peace" (have you ever wondered WHY all
   civilizations have such laws?!?). Yet in cyberspace, people toss out
   phrases like "freedoms", and "rights" to excuse such behavior apparently
   without much consideration to the "responsibilities" inherent in those
   phrases.
I have seen a man arrested ostensibly for "disturbing the peace", who was
actually just giving a speech.  The charges were thrown out.  If you don't
like free speech,  don't log in.  The U.S. Constitution and the Declaration
of Independence state very clearly that our form of government is based on
the recognition of human rights,  not responsibilities.  You might be able
to find a system more to your liking in China or North Korea for a little
while longer.
   At a conference recently,  I spent over two hours talking to the fellow who
   runs a large Moo about exactly this problem. He is also faced with such
   people (although thankfully not quite so extreme), and his "society" is
   having a VERY difficult time trying to develop procedures for dealing with
   such people. He told me about a particularly nasty situation where some
   girl in his Moo was "virtually raped" by another member. The Moo was
   horrified, but could not figure out how to deal with the culprit. This is another example of the dilution of the word "rape" until it is
utterly meaningless.  You cannot rape someone via mail.  You can harass
them but that is NOT rape.  You are demeaning victims of real rapes by
using the word in an attempt to justify your authoritarian views.  I'm
sure that the victim of this harassment was upset and I'm sorry about
that,  but calling it rape is a load of crapola.
   [...]
   >From reading recent postings, I gather that many feel as I once did, that
   disruptive people will just flame out and go away. And once that was so,
   but no longer. I have seen over 15 groups laid waste in the past two years
   by such people. They did not go away, but rather gloated over the deceased
   corpse of the group. Many of the members of those groups I have not seen
   again on the nets. I now firmly believe that such chaotic people have to be
   dealt with and promptly. I am still unclear how to deal with them, but I do
   know that time is of the essence. The longer they are allowed to pollute
   your group, the deeper the cancer runs affecting everyone's perspective.
All you have to do is ignore them.  Put them in your kill file.  It works.
If people are just too stupid to use such an obvious tool,  then they
probably aren't capable of "creative discussion" anyway.  Harumph.
After all the speech criminals are rounded up, what next?  Got any ethnic
groups in mind?
   I look forward to any constructive comments.

@_date: 1993-11-29 18:02:08
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: Disruptive members 
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 93 17:10:48 PST
   From: lefty (Lefty)
   >I have seen a man arrested ostensibly for "disturbing the peace", who was
   >actually just giving a speech.  The charges were thrown out.  If you don't
   >like free speech,  don't log in.  The U.S. Constitution and the Declaration
   >of Independence state very clearly that our form of government is based on
   >the recognition of human rights,  not responsibilities.  You might be able
   >to find a system more to your liking in China or North Korea for a little
   >while longer.
   There is little I less enjoy seeing than the spectacle of someone who has
   never actually bothered to find out what the Bill of Rights says and what
   it means blathering about "free speech".
I am aware of what the Bill of Rights says,  but I am not required by
the political philosophy cops to make sure my own notion of free speech
is isomorphic to it's,  thank you just so much.
   Mr. Wilson: does my right to free speech entitle me to come into your
   living room and demand that you provide me with a podium and a megaphone in
   furtherance of my expressing my opinion?
Nope.  But you can send me unsolicited mail as long as it doesn't contain
bombs, threats or frauds.  That's all Detweiler is doing to me.  I can
turn him off just like I can turn off junk snail mail, if I take the
appropriate steps.  Not a big deal at all.  Just like turnin' off a TV
channel I find particularly asinine.
Technically cypherpunks is private since it is administered from a private
site,  but it is freely accessible.  I don't think excluding someone from
the list should be illegal,  I just think it's misguided,  like trying
to fix a leaky faucet with a revolver.
   If you think it doesn't, then you have no cause for complaint.  If, on the
   other hand, you think it _does_, then I've done you a grave misservice by
   mistaking you for nothing more than an uninformed chowderhead.  You would
   constitute, at the very least, a full-blown loon.
   >After all the speech criminals are rounded up, what next?  Got any ethnic
   >groups in mind?
   That's low.  Or, to be more precise, on a par with the rest of your little
   screed.
Not any lower than the groteseque bastardization of the word "rape" I was
responding to.  I don't have much tolerance for that kind of P.C. doggerel.
I was alarmed by the control-freak strategy of the poster I was responding
to.  Excluding "disruptive members" is a non-solution.  They'll just come
back with a different account if they really want to.  What particularly
incensed me was the crap about "rights without responsibilities".  It's
not anyone's responsiblity to make sure that their posts are entertaining
to everyone.  That's what kill files are for.
As for ignoring people not being a solution because it interferes with
"outreach",  the members of this list, and the Extropians list, include
some of the most atrocious examples of "outreach" I've encountered.
Perhaps Mr. Detweiler wouldn't have gone off the deep end if he hadn't
received death threats.  But then again perhaps he's just a dadaist...
or another one Tim May's pranks...
   --
   Lefty (lefty
   C:.M:.C:., D:.O:.D:.

@_date: 1993-11-30 17:02:16
@_author: Andy Wilson 
@_subject: What recipient-end mail filters are available? 
Date: Tue, 30 Nov 1993 18:22:15 -0600
   From: agarcia (Anthony Garcia)
   I'm aware of two mail-filtering systems that operate at the
   recipient's end, procmail and Elm filter.  Are there others?
The autokill feature in GNU Emacs.
   -Anthony Garcia
   agarcia
