
@_date: 1993-10-31 20:29:40
@_author: Alan Ruttenberg 
@_subject: Anonymous remailer with encryption (query) 
Is there a stable anonymous remailer which can encrypt any mail that
it sends to me?

@_date: 1993-11-01 16:24:51
@_author: Alan Ruttenberg 
@_subject: anonymity and privacy in email 
I've looked over the instructions for the anonymous remailer and hals'
instructions, and I have a few thoughts concerning the attempted
guarantee of anonymity and privacy.
In all cases, privacy is guaranteed only if you trust the remailer.
I'll take as a given that this is the case.
But suppose that a response is mailed in plaintext using an encrypted
return address method. The privacy of that message can be violated by
someone who had enough power and interest to monitor incoming mail to
the destination site, since mail and message are unencrypted as the
response enters its destination's mail queue. This is not very much
power to have. The sysop the destination can do this, as can a person
at any gateway between the final remailer and you.
That much can be prevented if you trust the originater of the message
and you have them encrypt their reply using your public key. But
suppose that you have a malicious respondant who wishes to expose your
identity, and has a good guess as to where you might be. Then the
responder needs to send a tagged message and their accomplice needs to
monitor incoming mail looking for that tag. The only way around this
that I see is to have a trusted remailer to which you have given a
public key to use when remailing mail addressed to you.
A second problem concerns the time ordering of incoming and outgoing
messages from a remailer. Consider the one remailer case, as I believe
that the argument holds for chained remailings as well. Suppose that
you are able to monitor the incoming and outgoing feeds of the
remailer. Further, you can identify mail which goes to the remailer
(as opposed to other persons at that site) by reading the to: header.
Suppose that you have a method to identify outgoing mail from the
remailer (from some header) such as "From: nobody
If messages are processed by the remailer in a fifo manner, then you
can identify the recipient of any incoming message assuming that you
get synchronized at some point.  One can to get around this, I think,
is by deliberately scrambling the message processing order, and
perhaps inserting enough fake messages that the monitoring agent can
no longer reliably synchronize.
I'm new to the list, and apologize if I'm repeating previous
commentary.

@_date: 1993-11-02 20:12:15
@_author: Alan Ruttenberg 
@_subject: trivia question 
A friend, (who wished to remain anonymous :) asks:
Perhaps you can forward for me a trivia question I've been trying to
get answered.
I'm pretty sure the phreak magazine "2600" is named after 2.6KHz,
which I think was a tone used for some phone billing system that
got cracked (perhaps Cap'n Crunch's whistle frequency?)
The trivia question is this: can anyone point me to a definitive
reference for what 2600 really was? An ACM article or the particular
phone system or the cracker who exploited it would suffice.

@_date: 1993-11-02 21:42:15
@_author: Alan Ruttenberg 
@_subject: Re: trivia question 
My apologies. I've only joined the list recently and was just passing on
a question which someone else thought might be answered in this forum.
Please direct any further responses to my email address.

@_date: 1993-11-09 15:03:17
@_author: Alan Ruttenberg 
@_subject: Re: Cyphergurus: Advice needed 
What I'd like to get opinions on is _should I encrypt this header information_,    since its format will be known to an attacker and, in many cases, its contents    easy to guess? My inclination is to leave it plaintext, since the worst that    can happen if a file type is known is the same type of attack that would    _always_ be possible with an encrypted header.
   Thanks to all with thoughts on the subject.
                                     -- Will
I do think that you should encrypt this information.
What if you embed the header at some random point in the file, with
the last bytes of the file being a pointer to where the header is? You
can then splice the header information out of the decrypted stream.
Cryptoexperts: Does this make it harder to use the header information
to decrypt the file? What if you embed a series of pointers: ie.
Pointer to pointer to pointer to header, all of which get spliced out
in the end.
Or how about embedding the header in an out of band stream which is
part of the file - Escape signals an out of band message and
Escape-Escape the old Escape character. Then you could also place the
header at a random point in the file. I suppose that you get
information about the frequency of the escape character (since the
file grows) but that can be masked by appending a random amount of
extraneous data in all files).
