
@_date: 1996-10-24 13:37:45
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Work on reputations 
Could somebody please forward me references to existing reputations-based
systems, and discussions of them? I read cyphernomicon and some texts on
and off the Net, but I assume there should be a lot more.

@_date: 1996-10-30 11:01:56
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Re: ITAR / S 1726 / Civil Disobedience 
[   I don't usually CC: my messages to 'president
  but since it popped up there, I'll leave it.  Feels funny though.  ]
  Writing is expressing yourself in the external medium, in order to
influence other people. So is any other non-coercive action/work.
There has never been a fundamental functional difference between
different forms of expression, but since low technology allowed only
a few of such forms, and they stood apart from each other, it *looked*
like there was a difference.  Now the space of possible ways of
expression is getting increasingly populated, which confuses the
decent thinkers who are trying to fit the richness of the new world
into the old conceptual frameworks.  Most people are not "decent
thinkers" though - and the issues debated are not semantic.
"Books", electrons (that, BTW, play a much greater role in keeping paper
together than in transmitting data over optic cables), and references
to Constitution are just traditional incantations that people use to
express their positions on who they want to have control over what.
These issues are decided by social forces and available technologies.
Distinctions in semantics and delivery methods between books and speech,
electrons and photons, descriptions, imitations or snapshots of reality,
feelings delivered through drugs or through art, etc. have little to do
with the *effects* of these actions - and that's what everybody is
fighting to control.   Making sneaky semantic constructs (e.g., "electronic
books") to make positions look more "legitimate" is a usual tactic on both
sides, but everybody is just being hypocritical pretending that these things
matter. This hypocrisy may work - a little - for both sides. However,
I think that for serious practical purposes, people should engage in
direct social action and implement necessary technologies that may change
the battleground.  Philosophically, there are lots of interesting things
to discuss here as well - and I would be very happy to take part in the
debates - but electrons, books, and Constitution have little relevance

@_date: 1996-12-11 08:51:50
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: WEB: Yahoo/Firefly Website recommendation service 
Firefly Network Inc. has just launched a public beta of our website
recommendation service on My Yahoo!  This service is the result of a
partnership between Yahoo! Inc. and Firefly Network, Inc. in application
of Automated Collaborative Filtering (ACF) technology to the Web.   It allows users to find interesting websites interest and like-minded
people, and otherwise help the user navigate the vast domain of sites
and people in an intelligent and personalized way.
To access the service, please go to  and then click
on Firefly button (top right).
The recommendation system draws its intelligence from users' ratings.
At this point, the database is still small, so you may not get
recommendations in all categories and the ones you get may not be optimal.
However, as the system collects more ratings and learns more about your
personal preferences, you will notice better and better performance.
Your ratings will be included into the initial rating database and will
help shape experience of many people who will come to the system after you,
so please be considerate rating sites.
If you have any remarks on the quality of the system or its interface,
please send a message to

@_date: 1996-12-12 08:49:52
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Re: WEB: Yahoo/Firefly Website recommendation service 
You are talking about our first site, with music and movie recommendations.
I personally rated not-at-all-mainstream movies by Kurosawa and Tarkovsky and
got a similar advice.  Though, I agree, the recommendations are not perfect.
Partly, because the most of the audience are mainstream.  Partly, because
the site  runs the first version of our ACF software server.
The website recommendation uses the feature-guided ACF server that I hoped
would solve most of the algorithmic problems we encountered in the music
and movie domains.  I'd be interested to know what you think of it.
 Also: I created a group profile, name: cypherpunk, password: group
that people on this list might use together as a common interest view,
or a joint bookmark list.

@_date: 1996-12-17 10:22:40
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: WARNING: VIRUS: [Was: Re: Encryption to the poors] 
The last message from Fuck contained a dirBomb
virus as an attachment; file name GREETS.COM
Make sure you don't execute it.  Maybe, we should execute Fuck instead.

@_date: 1996-12-26 14:48:58
@_author: Alexander Chislenko 
@_subject: Re: IDEA: "Site Cloaking" Technology 
Anybody would care to comment on this?
At 11:43 AM 12/26/96 -0800, Chris Hind   wrote on the
Extropian list:
This seems complimentary to anonymous browsing (e.g., I doubt that ciphering the site list can assure that the site can't
be found, as somebody could match incoming and outgoing requests.
A chain of "Anonymous Rewebbers" / Recloakers could help here.
An important thing here would be to make sure that the search engines can
still find the sites.  Other difficulties would be caching and getting
credits for ads.
Do you think it's worth doing?
