
@_date: 1994-09-20 16:19:33
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Hal said:
Although it does seem that the government ought to be able to track
remailer traffic, is there any evidence that they are actually doing it in
the real world?  I've seen posts on usenet which would have presumably provoked a reaction from police, but I can't remember hearing of any cases in which such surveilance occured.
Alex Strasheim

@_date: 1994-11-22 19:42:36
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: cyphertext-only remailers / cryptanlysis code ? 
I realize I can't enforce this perfectly.
My goal isn't to force people to use encryption, it's to cut down on my risk as a remailer operator.  Basically, I'm going to make sure that there are headers, a pgp version number, and that there are no obvious problems with the text (ie. no whitespace, full length lines, etc.)  Someone who really wanted to make trouble for me could still do it with my remailer, but I think that someone who wanted to mail death threats or post forbidden material would probably use another remailer as the final Your letter has brought a fairly serious flaw in my plan, though:  it's possible to simply ascii-armor a binary with PGP isn't it?  A brief scan of the pgp docs hasn't revealed the command, so I can't tell what an ascii-armored binary looks like, but I'll be it's just like cyphertext.  That means I'll probably have to read the ascii-armor if I want to do Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-22 20:47:01
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: New remailer concept. 
I hacked up some simple stuff which lets you read and send mail from a
remote unix account.  It's not exactly what you want, but it's pretty easy
to do.  (This stuff is pretty trivial, so if that bothers you, don't read
on.)  This lets you get an account on a freenet like nyx which will respect your privacy, and use that address to communicate to the rest of the world.
First of all, I used filter and a sh script called secsh which allows me
to mail and execute arbitrary sh scripts on the remote account, provided
that they bear a valid, authorized pgp signature.  If incoming mail has a
trigger word in the subject line, it gets piped into a script which checks
the sig and runs it if the sig checks out.  Here's secsh:
It's a good idea to point PGPPATH at a special pgp dir, because this will pass any script with a sig that validates with any key on your keyring.	
I use another script, mlscpt, which looks sort of like a dumb version of
the mail command.  It takes a destination address and a subject as input,
and reads incoming mail from stdin.  A sh script which extracts and mails
the letter is emitted to stdout.  Here's mlscpt:
You can use another, trivial script, to call mlscpt, sign the result, and mail it off to the remote account.  Mine uses a dummy key to encrypt the output, for no good reason:  the secret key, which isn't protected with a passphrase, is on the remote account's key ring, so it unwraps automatically.  Here trigger stands for the trigger word which causes the incoming mail to be fed into secsh:
It's also trivial to cause incoming mail to be encrypted and forwarded to your home account, but I can't find mine and I'm too lazy to look up the PGP command args which are needed.
I used to use something similar to mlscpt as a "return address" for the cp remailer system:  I'd send people a script which would append a header to their letter and send it off to the first remailer on the chain.  I quit using it because lots of sensible people were reluctant to run strange scripts which they had recieved from some anonymous guy through a Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-28 00:34:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Transparent Email (WAS disable telnet to port 25) 
Some still unformed thoughts on this subject:
The big problem with transparent encryption and signatures is key distribution:  if you've never sent a letter to me, your mailer will have to get my key (invisibly) before the mail can be sent.  The big problem with key distribution is the web of trust:  who gets to decide which keys are good?
This is a subtle advantage that systems with centralized key generation have over systems like PGP, which let users generate their own keys.  If big brother mints all the keys, then big brother can set up an authoritative keyserver.
The best answer that I can come up with for this problem is to allow for several webs of trust to function simultaneously.  Perhaps we would have a default web, which would have everyone's key in it.  The idea behind the default web is that it should be able to return a key as often as possible, so we don't want to make it too difficult to submit keys for this web.
But anyone else could devise his or her own web, and administer it however
he or she pleased.  A request to a keyserver would include a list of webs,
in order of preference, that the user would be willing to deal with.  At
the end of the list would be the default web, in case nothing better was
A web could be defined by a single top-level public key and a set of rules.  Perhaps a text based program -- a sort of "meta-pgp" -- could check chains of signatures to validate a key.
Suppose, for example, that I'm administering a web of trust.  I set up the web so that I can deputize notaries who can in turn sign user keys.  Lets further assume that all signatures are good for a year.  A keyserver would return a text file containing: (a) the user's key, concated with a header specifiying the date it was signed by the notary, and (b) the notary's key, concated with a header specifiying the date it was singed by me.
We'd want "meta-pgp" to be able to handle complex rules which would give it the flexibility to implement a wide variety of webs.  Perhaps it could use prolog-ish style induction to determine if a key was good.
Does this make sense?  Is it something that was already proposed and Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-28 11:01:09
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Transparent Email (WAS disable telnet to port 25) 
I think that the main problem with this is that it would require email addresses to be transmitted electronically.  My email address is alex and one of the nice things about it is that I can tell someone what it is, and they'll remember it.  I'd hate to have to append a fingerprint to the address when I gave it out.
The big problem with secure mail in the real world is that most people
probably aren't willing to sacrifice much in the way of convenience in
order to get security.  We really need a Eudora-style program which would
look and act like Eudora does now, with encryption and signatures going on
in the background.  A scheme which would make addresses more complicated probably won't fly.
The general approach that I was proposing was to create a lowest common
denominator web of trust, but to allow anyone to create, maintain, and use
their own webs, using whatever criteria they deem appropriate.  This is, in my understanding at least, the best way to guard against the man in the middle problem:  keys would have to be signed by someone we trust in order to be accepted.  The idea is to put a lot of flexibility in the hands of users, making a very high level of security possible, without imposing the responsibilities this involves on people who don't want or need it.
In order to do this, we'd need a general system for describing and manipulating webs.  Ideally, a web could be defined with a single top level public key and a rule set.  They keyserver would return a text file which contained a chain of signatures in a text file, and a general program, which I'm calling meta-pgp, would be able to extract and verify the user's public key using the web's top level public key and the rule The point of meta-pgp is to give people enough flexibility in administering their webs that they wouldn't feel constrained by the system.  It would work by allowing chains of signatures, and allowing supplemental information to be affixed to each key in the chain before it was signed.
Suppose, to take a simple example, I administer a web.  I decide that I'll
deputize people to sign user keys.  Each signature will be good for a
year. First of all, I'd have to sign the deputy's keys.  I'd meet with the deputies, and they'd give me their public keys in text format.  I'd prepend two fields of header information, a DEPUTY token, and a DATE 11/28/94 token to the deputy's key, and then sign it with my public key.  Then I'd return it to the deputy.
The deputy would do something similar for the user when he signed the user's public key:  he'd affix USER and DATE tokens, sign the result and give it back to the user.  He'd also prepend his own public key, signed by my top level public key.  The user would submit this to the keyserver That way when someone wants to send mail to the user, they'd query the database.  The sender would send the keyserver the email address of the recipient, along with a list of acceptable webs, in order of preference.  If the sender was willing to accept my web, the keyserver would return that chain, and the sender's meta-pgp would validate the key, based on the top level key for the web and the rule set.
The point of meta-pgp would be to allow people to use whatever kinds of webs they want, at the same time preserving the ability of generalized programs to verify keys.
The default web could be based on something simple, with comparatively low
security, allowing people to send in their keys via email and requiring
them to respond to an encrypted reply from the web administrator.  This
wouldn't be impossible to spoof, obviously, but it would allow a lot of
people to put their keys into circulation.  Those of us who would be
dissatisfied with such an insecure setup could make other arrangements.
[I'm sorry to describe the same proposal twice, but I wrote the last one in the middle of the night, and I was a little bleary...  I'm not sure how well I described it.]
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-28 15:30:02
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Transparent Email 
Ok, I should start off by saying I'm not sure I followed everything Eric said in his post, so this might not be a great answer to him.
My proposal isn't for an all inclusive, everything to all people, security system.  It certainly would't preclude people from using other, stand alone systems, from using multiple sets of keys, or whatever else they wanted to do.
My posts were predicated on the assumption that transparent encryption and signatures are worthwhile and necessary.  By "traansparent encryption and signatures", I mean email systems that work and look pretty much like the programs we're using now -- elm and eudora, for example -- but which do crypto work automatically, behind the scenes.
I think we ought to be moving in that direction, for two reasons.  The
first is that most people -- including most of us -- aren't willing to do
much work in order to sign and encrypt our email traffic.  If there's any
penalty at all in terms of convenience, most people probably won't use a
secure system.  The second reason is that I believe it's only a matter of
time until someone else institutes a transparent, reasonably secure email
system.  What would happen if Microsoft instituted a secure email system for their
online customers, but took control over keys away from users?  I think
that the result would be that everyone would embrace the new system,
because it would be a gigantic improvement over the status quo.  We would
compare the new system to an idealized vision, in which everyone has total
control over their keys, who they trust, and in which law enforcement
officials can't retrieve secret keys at will from some central repository. But everyone else would compare the new system to what we have now:  an
email system which is vulnerable to forging, and which isn't secure enough
to transmit credit card numbers.
I think that if we can't field an alternative, usable system, something that's practical and easy to use, we're going to lose by default.  I'm not under any delusion that what I've proposed is some kind of magic answer.  I'm not a heavy hitter, in a technical sense, like Eric, Hal, Tim, and many of the others here are.  But at the same time, I think there's some need for compromise.  We need a transparent system that can embrace people who aren't willing to put a lot of effort into security, but at the same time is able to accomodate people who want to take more trouble for the sake of their privacy.
I understand this criticism.  But if we abandon generality, I don't think we can achieve transparency.  And as I said before, I think a transparent system is going to come out on top.  It's true that what I proposed is complicated, but a lot of the net is pretty complicated when you take off the lid.  I think it could still be made usable.
Actually, I wasn't trying to identify keys with physical bodies, but rather with email addresses.  But the whole point of the system is that there is no need for the two correspondents to worry about exchanging keys:  it all happens automatically.  People who are doing unusual things, like creating nyms, would of course be free to take unusual I'm not sure I follow the last part of this.
Again, I go back to my goal (which wasn't stated clearly enough in my original posts, to be sure) of transparency, and of trying to get the bulk of day to day email encrypted.
I agree with this 100%.  This is part of what I was trying to accomodate.  On the low end, we have a default web of trust, which is sort of crummy because it's not terribly difficult to spoof.  Cryptographically, it's very sound, but socially, it's quite weak.
But my goal was to meet this criticism by making the system open to other webs, and to place as few restrictions as possible on people who want to create and use alternative webs.  Those alternative webs could tie email addresses and keys to physical persons, or to nyms, or to anything else they wanted.  They could be as rigid or as lax as they pleased.  And we as users could decide which webs we were willing to trust.
Could you elaborate on this?
You could still do this.  I did not phrase this well, and I can see where your concern comes from.
I have a few nyms, and I don't publish all of my public keys.  I didn't mean to imply that all public keys ought to be on the default web.  I meant that you ought to be able to get *a* public key for an aribitrary address from the default web.  I have used a couple of nyms over the past couple of years, and I haven't published those public keys or tried to associate them with my email adddresses.  That would be, as you pointed out, a bad idea.
But at the same time, I have a public key for my address here, alex that I want to publish as widely as possible.  Right now, it's available via finger at astrashe  The system I proposed is just an elaborate (probably too elaborate) substitution for getting the key via finger, with the intention of making transparent secure mail possible.
Basically, it comes down to this:  in a transparent system, if you want to mail me, somehow your mailer will have to get a copy of my key without your doing anything about it.  More importantly, your mailer will have to decide if it should trust the key it retrieves without asking you.  Otherwise, it wouldn't be transparent.
The problem is:  how do we let the machine make this decision on it's own, without imposing a single web of trust on users?  That's what I'm trying to get at.
Thanks for the thoughtful response, I appreciate it.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-28 16:18:36
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: A possible solution 
What about signatures?  You know (or at least you could) that I wrote this
note, thanks to PGP.  Crypto doesn't just hide things, it can establish
indelible trails as well.  In this particular instance, PGP has added to what you know, because the signature has added information to the post.
Crypto isn't just about secrecy:  it gives us a set of tools that allow us
to have a great deal of control over how much of a trace our actions will
leave, and who is able to see that trace.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-29 00:02:54
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Transparent Email 
I think it's a bad idea to require signatures on the list, or even to penalize people who don't use them.  People aren't signing their posts because it's too much of a hassle to do it from a dial up, netcom style, account, not because they're insufficiently committed to the cause.
It seems to me that such a rule would stifle discussion and encourage people to store their keys on insecure accounts.
The real solution is to try to build tools which will make it so easy to use crypto that there's simply no reason not to do it.
And towards that end:
I think Eric's point about separating key distribution from encryption
finally sunk in.  It's encouraging for me, because I think we're very
close to being able to implement good transparent systems, at least if we
put key distribution on the back shelf.  I haven't totally thought it
through, but it seems to me that it's almost a matter of assembling a few
existing tools into a coherent system. I've just installed Raph Levien's premail as /usr/lib/sendmail on my system, and I'm happy to report that it's running well, despite the fact that my machine is a very puny linux box.
This means that I can keep a list of addresses that ought to be encrypted in my ~/.premailrc file, and outgoing email to those destinations will be automatically encrypted and signed, no matter what mail software I happen to be using.
This leaves the problem of passphrases for outgoing signatures and
automatically decrypting incoming mail, but I think that cfs will let me
kludge something together which will get around this.  (My situation is a little unusual, because I'm running linux on a pc which
is connected to the net via a static slip account.  I don't think this
would work well in other situations.)
If, after I power on my machine, I mount an encrypted directory with cfs,
and then connect my slip, I think I can get away with keeping my key
unprotected with a passphrase as long as the keyring is stored in the
encrypted directory.  What's more, if my mail spool is stored in the
encrypted directory as well, a filter which automatically decrypts
incoming mail and deposits the plaintext in the spool would be feasible. A good filter would probably stick something in the text to let you know
that it had come with a good signature. It would be sort of ugly, but I think it would work.  I'm sort of new to
cfs, though, and I'm sure how it would deal with multiple users (root, my
main account, my cp account which recieves cypherpunk list traffic, etc.). But If it worked, I'd have a machine which:
o	talked to the rest of the email universe without difficulty, and
o	would automatically use crypto when sending mail to a list
o	would be reasonably secure when it was powered off
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-29 11:00:06
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Transparent Email 
Yes, I know this.  I have hacked up a couple of primitive scripts I use to sign my outgoing mail from elm, for example.
There is, I think, a big advantage to using premail as a
one fell swoop, I get elm, pine, /bin/mail, etc.  Email sent from trn or
tin is encrypted, (but posts are still unsigned, unfortunately.)
The thing that I'm shooting for is a unix workstation which works and acts pretty much exactly like most other workstations, at least as far as email goes, except that there's a file (in this case ~/.premailrc) with a list of people with whom encrypted and signed email ought to be exchanged, transparently.  As far as I'm concerned, as a user, I won't even be able to tell the difference between corresponding with people on the list and off the list.  It will look pretty much the same to me.
It's not a revolutionary improvement by any means, but I think it is an
evolutionary step forward.  And because it is pretty much a matter of kludging together a bunch of available pieces, it might be a good prelude to pop clients which would be more useful to the public at large, but a lot harder to implement.
I know, but I'm a little squeamish about leaving my keys unprotected.  Also, I'm not very fond of the idea that encrypted email would be decrypted when it got here and left in plaintext on the mail spool.
The main problem comes from using cfs vs. having mail come in all the
time.  A constant flow of mail necessitates having cfs dirs mounted all
the time, which sort of defeats the point of using cfs in the first place.  Of course a queue would fix this, and might tidy up some other loose ends about multiple email addresses as well.
I agree with you about it being the only advantage, but I think it's a big
enough one to justfify bringing cfs into the picture.  Otherwise it
wouldn't be practical to use this setup in an office or school
environment, because anyone could boot your machine with a floppy and
steal your key. Thanks...  yours is a lot more sophisticated than mine, though:
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-11-29 19:21:09
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: premail 0.30 
I've also installed premail as /usr/lib/sendmail, and it works fine.  I haven't had any problems with it reading my ~/.premailrc file.
I was a little queasy about installing it as sendmail, but I'm very glad I
did.  It hasn't caused any problems at all, adds a lot of functionality,
and doesn't seem to extract too high of a penalty in terms of overhead. I'm not sure how sendmail forks for incoming mail, but my impression is
that the additional instance of sendmail is created without calling
premail.  If that's true, then premail installed as sendmail doesn't add
any overhead at all for incoming mail.  This was a big concern for me, because I don't have very much memory or processor power, but so far everything's been working great.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-01 18:32:45
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: autodecrypting incoming mail 
I've been fooling around with scripts which automatically decrypt incoming
mail, and I'm curious about how others are approaching the problem.  In particular, I'm interested in how Mime gets mixed in.
A problem with using a script which acts as a PGP aware pager to display
mail is that it would choke on certain types of Mime data, an attached
binary, for example.  The best solution to this problem would be a PGP
aware Mime mailer, but that's too hard for me, so I've been playing around
with scripts which will transform mail spool files with cyphertext in them
into mail spool files which are all plaintext.
First of all, I'm assuming that premail was used to encrypt the mail
automatically.  To try to get a handle for what's going on with the
headers, I've been sending mail from elm, pine, and /bin/mail and seeing
how they vary as encryption is added.  When encryption is used, premail always uses Mime headers, with a Content-Type field that says "application/x-pgp; format = mime".  When encryption isn't used, elm doesn't use Mime headers, but Pine does.  There are a few other differences between the various mail programs as well.  Elm, for example, has header fields which say how long the body is, while Pine doesn't.
This makes me wonder if the transformation that premail uses on outgoing mail is a reversible process.  Is it possible to transform a mail spool file so that it's exactly as it would have been if premail encryption hadn't been used?  It's pretty obvious that we don't need it to be completely reversible:  all that's needed is a header that will match the plaintext body.  But what factors need to be considered when the new header is constructed?  Specifically, which header fields would have to be modified?
Signatures complicate things further, because they add information to the
letter which has to be included in the plaintext somehow.  If the same
letter is sent twice with the same software, one signed and encrypted by
premail and the other sent normally, it's not good enough to transform the
first into a copy of the second.  Somehow the user has to be told if the
signature checked out.
Is it possible to add a Mime section that would contain this information?  Suppose, for example, we use Pine to send a letter.  The letter contains normal text and an attached binary.  This would mean that it would contain two sections in the body.  Does it make sense to decrypt the letter, check the signature, and construct a new three section body, with the added section containing the results of the signature check?  If we do that, how can we make the mailer display it?
I'm sorry to ask so many basic questions, but I don't know much about Mime.  I started using elm a long time ago, and I've stuck with it because it's comfortable.  I don't have a lot of experience with Mime mailers.  (If anyone could suggest a good cutting edge unix Mime mailer, I'd appreciate the pointer:  I think just using the software would help a Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-01 23:21:13
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: CSPAN 
Although it was probably an exercise in futitility, I sent a note to CSPAN suggesting that they have PRZ as a guest on the Booknotes program that Brian Lamb hosts.  I figured that maybe they could have him on in conjunction with the book version of PGP that the MIT press is coming out In my note I made the argument that policy concerning cryto is really
policy concerning wiretapping and surveillance, and that technological
changes are eroding the status quo and forcing us to decide whether we
want a lot more surveillance (or at least the potential for it) or a lot
less, that since this is going to have a lot to do with how the police
interact with the public in the future, it's an important issue, etc.
At the end, I appended the transcript of the talk PRZ gave in NYC that was
recently posted to the list.  I found that particular text to be pretty
impressive, and I'm hoping that the folks at CSPAN will as well.  There
are a few details that I hope will go over well:  MIT's involvement, the
fact that PRZ has debated the NSA's general counsel, the quotes from the
FBI director, etc.  On top of that, the conference from which the transcript came seems like the sort of event that CSPAN would televise.
I don't know Phil, and I don't know if he'd even want to appear on the
program.  But there are two things about Booknotes that I think would make it a very good forum for the cryto debate.  First of all, Phil would have enough time to explain the issues.  That's important, because this isn't something that can be easily packed into a sound byte.  Also, although I don't know this for a fact, I would imagine that the program would probably be a pretty good way to reach people on this Hill, both members and staffers.
Anyway, I sent them Phil's phone number and his email address.
The encouraging thing is that I sent this out more than a day ago, and I haven't heard back from them yet.  Ordinarily, when you send them email you get a form letter back within an hour or two.  That gives me some hope that maybe some people over there are reading the transcript, and that perhaps they're thinking about it.
I don't know if CSPAN is open to lobbying or not, but the more I think about it, the more it seems to me that it could be a very useful forum for the debate.  I think it would be worthwhile to let them know the next time Phil's going to speak at an event similar to the one I took the transcript from, and see if they'd be willing to televise it.
My feeling is that if we can get the word out to the public at large, we're going to win.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-03 11:53:03
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
I think I'm missing something here.  Isn't the Digicash system in a
beta-phase?  At this point, aren't they just trying to work out the kinks
and show people that it works? Obviously, a system that hasn't been deployed isn't as useful as one that
has.  The question is, once Digicash is released for real, how will it compare to FV?
I don't have any Digicash software yet, but I'm very interested in it, and I wonder if anyone else feels that a Digicash beta testers mail list would be a good thing.  I'd like to hear what you guys think of it.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-03 12:21:21
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: www-buyinfo list 
I'm sorry to broadcast this to the entire list, but I haven't been able to
find the answer another way.
Does anyone know how I can join the www-buyinfo list?
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-03 18:23:47
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Couldn't we make a similar argument against digital commerce systems in general?  Most of the things I want to buy aren't available online, so what good are net based transactions?
In a sense that's true, but at the same time it seems clear that
eventually one or more systems with goods and services I want to buy (at
prices I want to pay) will emerge.  If I didn't believe that, I wouldn't
be very interested in the topic.
Unless Digicash has significant problems with banks or governments that I don't know about (always a possibility), the things I've heard about the beta test make me believe that a functional transaction system from that company will probably be released.
I can understand why you'd need Visa's permission if you're going to be
using a system that uses that credit card to process transactions.  But if
DigiCash feels their system is secure, what would stop them from just
selling digital currency on their own?  They could say that they'll sell
e-dollars for $1, and buy them for $0.95.  Assuming they keep the revenue
from currency sales in something low risk and they committ to making a
market, wouldn't that be enough to get things rolling?  Individuals or
banks all over the world could set up operations which convert e-currency
to and from $US, working inside of the buy/sell spread set up by Digicash. On top of that, they'd get the interest income on the funds that back all the digital dollars, which would be a large source of income in addition to what they would make from the software.
If there's someone I can go to who will give me cash for digital currency,
I'll take digital currency as a payment for any goods and services I sell. If someone else will give me a check for the digicash, what does my banker
have to say about it? Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-04 20:30:18
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: backing ecash 
[Standard disclaimer:  all of this may be based on some misunderstanding of the underlying situation on my part.]
I've been thinking about what Eric and others have written about the
apparent problems Digicash is having hooking up with financial partners.  I agree that it would be encouraging if some large banks or a credit card company were on board, but I'm not sure their absence is as big of a problem for a digital currency system like Digicash as it would be for other types of systems.
If a transaction system uses credit card numbers to process purchases,
then you need to have either a credit card company that's willing to
participate, or someone with a merchant account to submit purchases to the
system.  Obviously, if the credit card company doesn't want to allow the online system, they can prevent people with merchant accounts from participating, so it's important to have them onboard.
But digital currency is a commodity, or at least an incredibly lifelike simulation of one.  If someone's willing to make a market for it, it will have value, assuming the system's secure and the mint behaves responsibly.
Suppose Digicash opened up a digital currency exchange in Amsterdam.  They
agree to make a market in edollars.  Specifically, they agree to sell
edollars for $1US, and they agree to buy edollars for $0.99.  This prices
are good for all time, for all comers.  The promise to sell is easy to
keep, because they can mint as many edollars as they want.  The promise to
buy is backed up by cash reserves, which they create with revenues from
sales. Let's suppose, just for the sake of argument, that the currency exchange doesn't even conduct business over the net.  You have to walk into a storefront in Amsterdam with a floppy disk to buy or sell edollars.  Edollars would still have value here in Lincoln, NE USA.
I could find a partner and set up a local currency exchange here in
Lincoln;  my partner would set up shop in Amsterdam.  We'd offer to sell
edollars for $1.01 and buy them for $0.98.  We'd keep reserves of both
edollars and US dollars on hand, from which we'd do our trading.  If we
started to run low on edollars, my partner would go to the storefront and
buy some more.  If we started to accumulate too many, he'd sell.  The prices are set up so that we'd always make a profit, assuming our volume was high enough to cover expenses.
Now suppose that Bob, who runs a local business here in town, wants to
sell widgets over the net.  He decides to use digicash software.  Alice
lives in Hoboken, and she wants to buy a widget.  She goes to a digital
currency exchange in Hoboken and buys some edollars, and then she uses her
digicash client to transfer the funds to Bob at Widgets 'R Us.
Every day, Bob goes to the bank and deposits the day's checks at the drive
through window.  Once he started selling online, he stops at my drive through window every day on the way to the bank.  He gives me the edollars, and I give him a check.  Then he deposits my check along with all the others at the bank.
If my check is good, the bank can't say much about things one way or
another.  You don't need Visa or Citibank or anyone else onboard.  They're
not part of the loop.  You just (just?) need the government to agree to
stay out of the way. Now obviously, things would work a lot more smoothly if you didn't need me
or my digital currency exchange.  It would be nice if Bob and Alice could
buy and sell edollars from their banks online.  But it's not essential.  I
could extend credit to Alice so that she could buy edollars from me
online, without having to go out and physically buy them.  If Bob and I
have been doing business for a while, maybe he'll trust that I'll mail him
a check after he transfers edollars to me online.  I suspect that if I
started to make money, banks would decide to put people like me out of the
business by moving into it themselves.
It seems to me that one of the main strenghts of the digicash system is
that it can take off slowly as more and more people decide to use it.  It
doesn't need to be embraced by anyone except the regulators.  If it's cheaper and provides a better service, it will win.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-06 16:43:46
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: swIPe 
Has anything been happening with swIPe lately?  I seem to remember reading
a couple of months ago that the protocol was being revised (simplified?) and that a new RFC was going to be released soon.  What's the status of the project now?
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-08 12:09:51
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: cut & choose 
In Applied Cryptography, Schneier describes digital cash protocols that
depend on the cut and choose method:  Alice prepares 100 anonymous money
orders for $100, sends them all to the bank, which opens all the envelopes
except one picked at random.  If the 99 envelopes checked have money
orders for $100, then the bank is confident that the one they sign blindly
will be for $100 as well. Chaum's system uses different keys for different denominations.  Alice only sends one envelope, and the bank uses its $100 key to sign it.
I don't understand why anyone would use the cut and choose protocol over denominated keys.  Chaum's method seems a lot cleaner to me and more secure.  It obviously uses less bandwidth.  What am I missing here?
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-14 09:07:03
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Big Brother database 
There's an article in Forbes (the latest copy?) about a company that's making thermal scanning devices which can identify people via the pattern of blood vessels in their face.  The advantage of this system over fingerprinting is that it can be done without letting the target know he or she's being identified.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-15 21:23:24
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
I think Tim is getting a bad rap here.
It's one thing to make a mail system that exchanges secure mail, or allows you to put pictures in it, or whatever, and it's another thing altogether to make a mail system which does all of those things and which can actually communicate with the many millions of people out in the real world.  It's easy to say, "if everyone listened to me, and did things my way, we'd have all these new features."  That may be true, but it's not going to happen.  Even the existence of a reasonably well-accepted standard like MIME won't ensure success.  What's a standard compared to a huge base of installed software?
As influential as Tim is, it doesn't matter whether he embraces MIME or not.  If he converted tonight, there'd still be millions of people who feel the way he felt this morning.  Getting Tim to capitulate isn't going to solve the problem.
The sociology and politics of evolving standards is an important issue on
the net, and it seems to me that things are a little more complicated than
some posters are admitting.  If cypherpunks are going to have an influence
on how things turn out, we're going to have to come to terms with the
issues Tim has been raising.
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key

@_date: 1994-12-19 17:39:01
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: hiding strings in binaries 
I didn't write this program and I don't know how it works.  It was posted on the nyx freenet by kstern  When you compile and run it, it prints out the lyrics to "The Twelve Days of Christmas".  As you might imagine from looking at the code, strings doesn't find anything in it.
 char *a;
main(2,_+1,"%s %d %d\n"):9:16:t<0?t<-72?main(_,t,
; :'d*'3,}{w+K w'K:'+}e \
q i;# \
){nl]!/n{n r{ nc{nl]'/ {rw' iK{;[{nl]'/w nw' \
iwk{KK{nl]!/w{%'l i; :{nl]'/*{q \
;;{nl'-{}rw]'/+,} nr'/ ') }+}{rl ')# \
"!ek;dc i .vpbks,fxntdCeghiry"),a+1);
Alex Strasheim | finger astrashe
alex | for my PGP 2.6.1. public key
