
@_date: 1996-09-19 07:08:47
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: (fwd) Global Alert: GERMAN GOVERNMENT PUSHES BLOCKAGE OF NETHERLANDS WEB SITE 
Path: xs4all!felipe
Newsgroups: xs4all.announce
Organization: XS4ALL, networking for the masses
Lines: 118
Approved: the boss
NNTP-Posting-Host: xs1.xs4all.nl
X-XS4ALL-Date: Wed, 18 Sep 1996 19:28:31 MET DST
X-Newsreader: NN version 6.5.0                       *** GLOBAL ALERT ***
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                       SEPT. 18, 1996
-  Please redistribute this document widely
   with this banner intact
-  Redistribute only in appropriate places
   & only until 15 October 1996
        GERMAN GOVERNMENT PUSHES BLOCKAGE OF NETHERLANDS WEB SITES.
        At the behest of, and in response to legal threats from,
the German government, internet providers in Germany have blocked
the Dutch Web site Access For All ( removing German
users' access to the entire xs4all system. The German government
demanded this action because xs4all hosts a Web "home page" with
so-called left-wing political content that, though fully legal in
the Netherlands, is allegedly illegal in Germany. (see:
 As a result of this action,
*all* xs4all web sites, including several thousand that have nothing
to do with the offending home page, are unavailable to readers in
      	Please send a letter of protest to the German ambassador in
your country, ask your foreign minister to protest officially to the
German government, and distribute this alert as widely as possible
online and to the press.
        Referring to article 19(2) of the International Covenant on
Civil and Political rights, which Germany ratified in 1973, we, the
undersigned organizations, consider this censorship an illegal act.
Additionally, the value of attempting to ban content the German
government finds offensive is highly questionable. The proper response
to offensive expression is more and better expression, and prosecution
of offending criminals, not censorship.
        As a result of the overly broad censorship measure which
targets an entire Internet access provider instead of a specific
user, all 3000 and more Web site hosted by xs4all are virtually
inaccessible in Germany. The loss of clients who market in Germany
has resulted in economic damage to xs4all. The immeasurable harm of
censoring thousands of other users for the speech of one is even
        Access for All, though it has expressed willingness to assist
the Dutch police in identifying online criminals abusing the xs4all
system, has a policy against censoring its clients.
        Mirroring this position, at least one German Net provider has
responded to the government demands with skepticism, pointing out that
their compliance with the censorship request may cause them to violate
contracts with their own German users, and that the government's
liability threats are tantamount to holding a phone company liable for what
users say on the telephone.
        Instead of the futile act of censorship that has simply
drawn increased attention to the offending material and resulted
in its widespread availability on other sites throughout the
world, the German government should have acted through legal
channels and asked the authorities in the Netherlands to cooperate
in determining what legal action, if any, was appropriate.
        We are concerned that German internet providers have
cooperated so easily with government censorship efforts. Some
level of cooperation was probably assured by underhanded and
rather questionable police threats of system operator liability
for user content, but we must urge more resistance on that part
of Net access providers to such online censorship schemes. As
with libraries, there are many who would censor, but there is a
responsibility on the part of providers of access to information,
to work to protect that access, else libraries, and Internet service
providers, lose the reason for their existence.
        We ask that the German government refrain from further
restrictive measures and intimidation of internet providers and
recognize the free, democratic, world wide communications
represented by the Internet.
a local, or even national, medium, but a global medium in which
regional laws have little useful effect. "Top-down" censorship
efforts not only fail to prevent the distribution of material to
users in the local jurisdiction (material attacked in this manner
can simply be relocated to any other country), but constitutes a
direct assault on the rights and other interests of Internet users
and service providers in other jurisdictions, not subject to the
censorship law in question.
        For press contacts, and for more information about the
Internet, see the homepages for the signatories to this message:
DB-NL (Digital Citizens Foundation in the Netherlands)
        * ALCEI - Electronic Frontiers Italy * CITADEL-E F France *
CommUnity (UK) * Electronic Frontier Canada * Electronic Frontier Foundation (USA) * Electronic Frontiers Australia * Other signatures:
NLIP, Dutch Foundation for Internet Providers * Internet Providers Rotterdam * Digitaal Werknet Nederland * Foebud e.V, foundation to promote free datatraffic,
                * National Writers Union (UAW LOCAL 1981 AFL-CIO)
                * Nizkor Project * Internet Access Foundation (NL) * Digitale Stad Venlo * CSO *  Felipe Rodriquez          -  XS4ALL Internet  - finger felipe for   - Managing Director - pub pgp-key 1024/A07C02F9   pgp Key fingerprint = 32 36 C3 D9 02 42 79 C6 D1 9F 63 EB A7 30 8B 1A

@_date: 1996-09-19 10:47:37
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: Spam blacklist project 
Such a beast already exists:
A simple search for 'spam' on  reveals:
The Internet Spam Control Centre : I think the internet will be better off without any government regulation. Governments tend to make a mess of everything they regulate.
Alex Le Heux

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:04:45
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: Spam blacklist project 
I didn't say it was their setup was the setup to end all spams :)
But I never really gave it much thought. It shouldn't be to complicated to set some up like you describe though.
I usually check on Yahoo first. Alta-Vista always comes back with such an enourmous amount of links.
Ah well... Some people never learn :(

@_date: 1997-08-20 20:52:02
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: Alex le Heux 
: Hey HEY!  It's the man who nearly managed to single-handedly : derail the PGP legal export hack by playing the block rocking : beats (all vinyl) which inspired the vacationing hackers to : spill the drinks on the source books.
What's a sourcecode book without a few drinks spilled on it? :)
: Welcome to the list!
Thanks :)
: Zooko the Mysterieux
: P.S.  MP3 is coooool.  CDNow.com needs to start selling MP3's : in return for digital cash small change!
It does :) Much better than lugging all these CDs around. Or vinyl for
that matter. We actually tried to get some mixing going with the BeOS
MP3 player (which has pitch control), but it needs some more work before
it's feasable :)

@_date: 1997-08-22 23:26:27
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: Welfare Solution #389 
Kicking a drug addict out of his home, or taking away his one source of
income is not going to solve anything. It'll only make things worse. Worse
for the addict and for society. This will only serve to remove the addict
even further from society and thereby make him more of a burden for that
same society.
Here in The Netherlands we treat drug addiction more as a disease than as
a crime. We try to intergrate him/her back into the normal world of having
a house, paying rent, getting a job, etc.
I Switserland they've gone even further now, and started supplying hardcore
herion addicts with free heroin. The results were quite dramatic. Most of the
addicts gave up stealing/etc and some even managed to get and hold a normal
job. As it turned out, supplying them with free heroin was much cheaper than
having them hang around and steal/rob/etc. It also served to reduce the call
for extra police, and the call by the police for more rights/weapons/etc.
Criminalizing drug offences is a Bad Thing. Unfortunately our own government
is slowely succumbing under the international pressure, and soon we'll have
our own War On Drugs here. This will serve no one, not the addict, not the
casual user and not the general public. Probably it'll only serve the various
law enforcement agencies.

@_date: 1997-10-02 01:41:48
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
[lots of ranting deleted]
: Banning guns because criminals might use them equates to banning
: encryption because criminals might use it.  And if you really believe
: that both should be banned, then perhaps you should be banned from
: using oxygen, because criminals breath it too.
You people just don't get it do you? A gun has one purpose: To kill. Just like
any other tool, a gun, if it is available _will_ be used at some point.
So making sure there are lots of guns around only serves to make a lot of
people very dead. This is a Bad Thing.
Gun control laws are not the issue. It's a matter of mentality. In Europe,
where we have rather strict guncontrol laws, and have had them for a long
time a decent human being will not even think of shooting someone else. In the
US, where guns are tradition and part of the American way, many people would
not think twice before shooting someone. The result of this is that the
number of people getting killed by guns is enourmous, be they criminals,
little kids, old grannies, or presidents.
This sucks.
We are not trying to export our stupidity, we're just trying to explain to
you how we live. We live in a place where we don't even have to think about
getting a gun, because the chances of us encountering a gun in the hands
of an adversary are negligible.
Wake up and smell the coffee, dude. If you have lots of guns around, you're
gonna end up with lots of people getting shot.
---

@_date: 1997-10-02 02:34:36
@_author: Alex Le Heux 
@_subject: Re: "Show me an example of terrorists using the Internet or crypto" 
Maybe you haven't noticed, but seen on 2000 year scales, the entire world
is constantly in a state of war. Europe isn't special in that regard. Even
though it doesn't look like there's many countries that are about to take
war to us here, it still might happen. And even if I had my AR15 then, it
wouldn't help me a lot against guided missiles and mortar fire. And anyway,
"to defend yourself in a war" is not one of the usual arguments against gun
control. Well, we're a lot closer to it over here than you guys are over there.
