
@_date: 1995-10-27 08:59:47
@_author: Ali Bahreman 
@_subject: RE: Let's Not Merge Mailing Lists, OK? 
The problem is reducing the noise at cypherpunks list, so all communities can benefit from it, and not the "varying levels of competence" different communities may have.  What more noble cause is there than to educate others of your beliefs.  A well thought out question or cross-point is not noise but a poorly-backed false claim certainly is.
In special instances, cross-postings enable the cypherpunk community and the other communities to interact together to produce real-life solutions that real people would care to use.  Thinking on the social issues such as anonymity
and privacy with no regards to what other communities think about or have to say is simply not optimum.
Now if there is technical issues, such as mail-loops or some such thing against
cross-postings, please inform.
Being subscribed to cypherpunks is not a prerequisite for following the list;
thanks to its hypermail archive and numerous filters.

@_date: 1995-10-25 15:33:00
@_author: Ali Bahreman 
@_subject: Digital Cash, Privacy, Anonymity, Double spending protection and Cheating protection 
Let's think out loud here for a minute...  I am sending this to Cypherpunks to see if someone out there has already thought of a solution to this.
Alice wants to get a file from Bob and wants to pay him $1 using some Digital Cash scheme.
- Do we want Alice's identity to remain Anonymous (and Bob's too)? (Note that   this means that neither party knows who the other really is.  They could be   using aliases to conceal their real identity.)
- Do we want both Alice's & Bob's Privacy maintained in the interactions. (Note   the seperation of Privacy and Anonymity with the former referring to the fact
  that the transaction detail is only known between the parties involved.  The   transaction detail includes, knowledge of what was purchased, how many, and   in the ideal case between which parties!  Those parties could have used an   alias and therefore have remained Anonymous independent of whether their   Privacy was maintained.  Privacy also means more than simple confidentiality   because it may involve having a merchant, for example, not maintain a database
  of purchasing habbits, or if it does maintain such a database, keep it to   itself.)
- Do we want to prevent Alice from double spending (and Bob too)?
- Do we want to protect either party from cheating each other?
- Do we want a self-enforcing protocol?  (e.g. No need for Bob to verify the   e-coins with a Bank every time.)
- Do we want minimum book-keeping by each party for practical implementations?
- Have I missed more?  Tax, Export, etc (beyond the scope of this email ;-)
The question is can all of the above requirements be achieved?  AND Are they all required/desired? I know cryptography does wonders, but I ponder upon 1) the need to satisfy
all the above requirements, as well as 2) the feasability of such a solution.
At first glance, it appears that Anonymity and Double spending prevention are
contradictory.  You want to punish a double spender and you need to know their
identity to do that.  Also, Privacy covers a broader scope than cryptographic protocols can address (e.g. the merchant database.)  Finally, to prevent/punish cheating using a third party requires the loss of both Privacy and Anonymity as
the third party/judge is presented with the transaction details and asked to arbitrate.  Nevermind the other requirements for now... :-)
Please include me in all responses.  Thanks.

@_date: 1995-12-02 06:25:24
@_author: Ali Bahreman 
@_subject: RE: digital receipts and cash 
I have a paper on "Certified Electronic Mail" which I feel helps in your
quest to create "digital receipts".  See my home at  for
pointers.  The paper was published at the 1994 ISOC Symposium jointly with my thesis advisor, Doug Tygar.
