
@_date: 1996-11-01 08:12:29
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Eggregatious Copyright Violations 
Smart Card Bulletin: October 1996
To Regulate or Not to Regulate? By Theodore Iacobuzio US banking regulators are seeking comment on whether, and under what
circumstances, it should take action over electronic money. Though US banking regulators are focusing more and more of their
on smart cards, most insiders both at banks and at advocacy groups say
are not overly concerned with the degree of scrutiny the new technology
attracts. In fact, contradicting recent alarmist press reports, they told CI they
glad the federal government has decided to call for comment. Through a
process of public hearings and forums beginning last month, two powerful
federal agencies sought to air important regulatory issues involving all
of electronic money, with a special emphasis on smart cards as among the
most mature technologies. It is all part of an effort to find out more about the new payment system
rather than later, when it is up and running. This way, according to the
government, the industry can both educate the regulators and address
concerns before the market has become too established to change easily. "The regulatory agencies are actually working quite well to understand
technology and not to rush to regulate," said Catherine Allen, president
of the
Santa Fe Group, a New Mexico-based electronic commerce think-tank and
the former head of Citicorp's smart card initiative and board member of
Smart Card Forum. "The hearings are being held to get the issues into the open," Allen
said. "I
don't sense heightened concern from the industry." In fact, many smart card insiders more suspicious than Allen were
considerably mollified having heard Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin
address an agency-sponsored forum on electronic money on September 19. The forum, which attracted some of the nation's top bankers, concentrated
heavily on smart cards. In his keynote speech, Rubin explicitly sought to
restrict government's role in the new technologies to issues of law
enforcement: fraud, money-laundering and privacy.
"As we think about these concerns, let us put aside our ideological views
respect to regulation and take an intensely practical approach to finding
right balance so that we can minimise impediments to growth and at the
time meet the needs that I just described," Rubin said. "It seems to me that as we look at the benefits and ask the questions, we
must achieve two objectives at the same time: minimising impediments to
growth of electronic money, but at the same time, address the difficult
it raises in an appropriate fashion. "To some extent, there may be trade-off judgements that will have to be
made, but I believe to a large extent the meeting of these two objectives
be complementary." Rubin said that electronic money should increase, rather than decrease,
access to financial services and the mainstream economy for those in the
inner cities or poor rural areas. "This is a great challenge and I think an absolutely critical challenge
given that these groups lack access to computers, financial services and many
of the
benefits of our modern economy". But his comments were so vague as to
limit any discussion of possible US government intervention. While the Treasury Department meeting was also notable for Citicorp
chairman John Reed's assertion that the Internet is not yet secure enough
banking transactions, its major effect was to reassure most smart card
insiders not to expect any aggressive move by the US government to
smart cards. On the contrary, they felt the federal government's hitherto hands-off
approach is a textbook example of how regulation of a new technology
should proceed. The latest efforts at regulatory clarification come not from the Treasury
Department, but from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC),
the US banking agency established during the Great Depression that both
insures bank deposits of up to $100,000 and oversees the safety and
soundness of banking practices. The agency has sought comment on whether the funds underlying smart cards
are deposits and hence insurable under the law. It has also issued its
opinion that for most purposes, funds underlying smart cards are not in
insurable. So eager is the FDIC to air the issue, that it took the unusual step (for
a bank
regulatory body) of calling a public hearing on September 12 in
Washington. There, banks, technology vendors, card associations and industry groups
aired their opinions. And indeed, most of the bankers commenting pleaded
with the government to let the market grow before imposing any kind of
regulatory structure. The Federal Reserve Board raised a thornier issue when it recently sought
comment on its effort to exempt from Regulation E those stored- value
bearing less than $100 in value. Reg E, as it is called, establishes
responsibility for providing an audit trail for money moving through the
electronic funds process. "This is sort of technical bank-lawyer stuff that people are going to
have to
know about but that is going to have very little effect on how the market
develops as a whole," said John Wright, vice president and senior counsel
with Wells Fargo Bank and head of the legal and public affairs policy arm
the Smart Card Forum, the leading industry advocacy group. Regarding the
FDIC request for comment, he said:"It depends how you structure it. I
think that at the level of what consumers are going to do, they would be
deposits." Wright added that as it was proposed, he did not think the Reg E piece
represented something people ought to worry about.
New York Times: Monday, October 28, 1996
Regulators Vexed By Gambling Over Internet By JAMES STERNGOLD
There are few patches of legal turf the states guard more fiercely than
gambling, which is why it seemed strange this summer when the National
Association of Attorneys General urged the federal government to seize
control of wagering on the Internet -- even though hardly anyone was
it. Even more bizarre was that the recommendation, including an alarming
proposal for arresting gamblers from in front of their computers, was
down by the Justice Department.
``The department does not agree that federal law should be amended so
broadly as to cover the first-time bettor who loses $5, particularly when
Internet gaming is expected to mushroom and federal resources are
shrinking,'' John C. Keeney, an official in the criminal division at the
Department, wrote the states. The episode highlighted the growing anxiety and confusion over one of the
least developed, but potentially most vexing areas of Internet business -
gambling. The reach of the World Wide Web is erasing not only borders but
also the ability of the authorities to control wagering (not to mention
ability to tax it). And gambling over computer networks is still new
that it remains unclear exactly what is legal and what is not. ``We built it to be Russian-proof, but it turned out to be regulator
said Craig I. Fields, the former head of the Pentagon agency that helped
create the Internet during the cold war, and who is now vice chairman of
Alliance Gaming, a Las Vegas concern developing on-line gambling.
In principal, gambling by computer sounds promising, placing an
popular habit, which can quickly become a compulsion for some
within just about anyone's reach. Indeed, nearly every worker in the
with a personal computer and a few minutes to spare will soon be able to
in some blackjack, poker, slots or baccarat for money at almost
unregulated, virtual casinos. To give some notion of the potential, Americans wagered $550 billion last
year at traditional operations, from lotteries and horse races to bingo
casinos, and gambling companies had revenues of $44.4 billion. The
operators need to take only a fraction of that business to produce
growth - or explosive scams. ``In my view, gambling is the fastest way to destroy the credibility of
Internet system,'' said John Kindt, an economics professor at the
of Illinois at Champlain and a gambling critic. ``If you lose you'll
lose, and if you win you could lose because there's no way to collect from these
operations.'' He added that with personal computers now ubiquitous the on-line casinos
could prove a devastating temptation for the growing numbers of
gamblers. ``People will be trapped,'' Kindt said. ``They won't be able to
away from it.'' All that is driving some law enforcement officials crazy, especially
since the
business, though made up of a tiny number of marginal companies operating
from offshore havens like Antigua, Belize and Monaco, is on the cusp of a
major expansion. A showdown, in short, is looming in the one area of the
Internet that may well produce billions of dollars of commerce in just a
couple of years. Minnesota has sued Granite Gate Resorts, a Las Vegas company preparing
to offer sports betting on-line, called Wager Net, as a test case,
claiming that
it is a consumer fraud because the service says, improperly, it is legal.
state court hearing the suit has yet to rule on whether the state has
jurisdiction. California is attacking by threatening the telephone companies with
prosecution if they do not cut off service to Internet gambling concerns
in the
state. Several states are also insisting that they will not recognize the use of
sites if the companies are attracting American gamblers. ``We're going to
take an aggressive stand on this and we'll interpret the law as broadly
prohibitively as we can, and there will be no havens,'' said Tom Gede, a
special assistant to the attorney general of California. Sen. Jon Kyl, R-Ariz., offered a bill earier this year that would have
made all
Internet gambling explicitly illegal. Although it was killed in
committee, he has insisted he will offer it again. A National Gaming Commission was
by the Congress this year and a big focus of the study it will be
will be on-line wagering, which could also lead to legislation. And there is an even trickier issue, some believe. ``There's another I-word that really scares the government, Indian
said I. Nelson Rose, a professor at the Whittier Law School here and a
gambling law expert. ``If the Indian tribes get involved in this then the
way the law is written all sorts of sports betting and other kinds of on-line
could take place from Indian lands in an unregulated fashion.'' That has left many state officials worried, but unwilling to just wait
for the
explosion. ``The federal government is either going to want to get into it now or
be drawn into it later,'' insisted Hubert Humphrey III, the attorney
general of
Minnesota and a prime mover behind the request this summer for federal
involvement. ``This is moving so fast that we have to get out in front of
it.'' All these worries are over a business that is, at the moment at least,
underwhelming. Sue Schneider, managing editor of Rolling Good Times
On-Line, an e-zine that tracks the industry, said that there are fewer
than a
half dozen virtual casinos that are taking real bets at the moment, and
many of
the games are frustratingly slow. There are also unresolved concerns over
security of on-line transactions and whether an unlicensed casino would
maintain fair odds on the games. In fact, the established casino companies, while watching warily, appear
unfazed. ``My personal view is it's not very interesting,'' said Stephen
Bollenbach, chief executive of Hilton Hotels, the country's largest
concern. ``It's a different business than we're in.'' Nevertheless, about 40 prospective operators have set up Web sites and
many offer games that, at some point in the future, could easily be
transformed into gambling for real money. Ms. Schneider said that as many as a dozen more on-line casino or
bookmaking operations may open for business within the next few months. While all the companies are seeking essentially the same thing - to get
into the
lucrative gambling business without the costs of building casinos or
having to
pay dealers or other high-priced staff - they are taking many different
approaches because of the murky legal status of the business and the
uncertainty over just who will really want to spend their money this way.
Virtual Vegas is one of the more active on-line casinos, and one of the
cautious. The company's formula is simple: treat Internet gambling as
type of computer game, and leave the money out of it for now to avoid
hassles with the police. David Herschman, chief executive of the company, which is based in the
Venice district of Los Angeles, said Virtual Vegas had already spent $3
million developing its technology, and would spend another $10 million. It has created twists on traditional games to make them more like
games, and therefore more appealing to the people who already spend
perhaps more time than they should in front of their personal computers.
Virtual Vegas offers Turbo Black Jack and Assault Poker, which is like
combining Doom and five card stud. Virtual Vegas will be available on
Warner's cable on-line service. Peter Demos Jr., president of World Wide Web Casinos, which is based in
Orange County, said his company had decided to trust the idea that having
an offshore computer location will keep it out of jail. World Wide Web
Casinos has acquired a tiny casino on Antigua, the St. James Club. ``It
provide us with a little credibility,'' Demos said. He added: ``We want to be a huge grind joint. We're not going to attract
rollers. We're looking for someone who will blow $20 or so in an hour and
half.'' World Wide Web Casino, which will offer black jack, five kinds of
video poker and slots, is in testing and hopes to open around
Thanksgiving. Internet Gaming Technologies Inc., based in San Diego, is also using an
offshore strategy: It has a gambling license in Ecuador, acquired through
company registered in Monaco. Joseph R. Paravia, president of the company, said he is less confident in
offshore loophole, so the company will offer its games only to people
the United States, which he insisted is technically feasible. Paravia
said the
company plans to pursue known gamblers, giving them computers if
necessary. ``We didn't want to take a propeller-head and have to teach
how to gamble,'' Paravia said. ``We want to go after a known market.'' You Bet International Inc., however is what might be called an
Internet gambling company. The company, which will operate through the
New York Racing Association, offers a horse race bookmaking service that
makes only tangential use of the Internet: to register accounts and
software. ``The Internet as it exists is the wrong place for this kind of
application,'' said Stephen A. Molnar, executive vice president of the company. ``The
problem is political. We believe that at some point the government is
going to
come down on this.'' You Bet, which expects to begin taking bets in February 1997, has
constructed a private on-line service over which its account holders will
information and place their wagers. And it appears to be legal, since it
operates within New York state parimutuel betting laws.
``It's all interesting, but most of what is being bandied about is hocus
pocus this point,'' said Jason Ader, an analyst with Bear Stearns & Co. ``It's
a very
scary situation. There's no regulation. There's tremendous potential for
out there, and maybe a little fun until then.'' News Release (NationsBank): Friday, October 25, 1996
NationsBank Announces Service For Trading New And
Used Stored Value Cards Antiques are too dusty. Model cars are old news. The hot collectible
Stored Value Cards. NationsBank (NYSE: NB) today announced it will establish a collector
service to support an open, free and knowledgeable marketplace for
selling and trading new and used NationsBank Stored Value cards. "Many of our customers have told us that they wanted to collect our
value cards," said Richard F. Shaffner, NationsBank Senior Vice
"We want to respond by providing a professional service that our
and the marketplace can count on for accurate information regarding the
production and availability of new and used NationsBank cards." The NationsBank Collector Service will provide a variety of services to
collectors:

@_date: 1996-11-04 06:07:14
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
American Banker: Thursday, October 31, 1996
Two Retail Giants Sue Visa Over Debit Cards By LISA FICKENSCHER
Two of the largest retailing companies have filed a lawsuit against Visa
U.S.A., claiming the bank card association illegally forces merchants to
accept debit cards. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and The Limited Inc., in what they characterized as
class action on behalf of all retailers, accused Visa of coercing equal
treatment of Visa Check cards and credit cards. The suit, filed last Friday in U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of
New York, alleged that the tying of debit and credit card acceptance
antitrust laws. The retailers are seeking an unspecified amount in
damages. The action, a flareup of longstanding tensions between the bank card and
retailing industries, did not extend to MasterCard International, even
its policies are similar to Visa's. Industry sources speculated that
may have shielded itself through its recent cobranding agreement with
Wal-Mart, the nation's biggest retailer. But because Visa and MasterCard are owned by virtually the same banks,
the lawsuit has the same potential effect on the U.S. banking community
as if
MasterCard were named. The suit describes the approximately 2,800 banks that issue both Visa
and Visa Check cards, and some 1,000 banks that are "acquiring members"
of both Visa and MasterCard, as co-conspirators. Retailers have long argued that credit cards and debit cards should be
differently, and that they should have the freedom to decide what kinds
payments they accept. Under MasterCard and Visa rules, all their cards
be acceptable at any retail location that displays those logos,
regardless of
card type. Wal-Mart and The Limited, among others, have contended that debit cards
are more akin to cash and check transactions, which cost them less than
credit cards. Recent growth in the Visa Check program -- Visa said check
cards increased 49% in the second quarter -- led to Visa U.S.A.'s being
singled out in the lawsuit, said Wal-Mart spokeswoman Betsy Reithemeyer. The suit said Visa Check cards were used last year in approximately 556
million retail transactions, generating $22 billion in sales. The complaint estimated that merchants paid at least $250 million in fees
that activity. That total supposedly would have been less than $33
million if
processed through on-line systems such as regional automated teller
networks. (Visa Check and MasterMoney payments are cleared "off-line,"
with some delay, like credit cards). If those purchases had been made with cash, checks, or travelers checks,
those same sales would have cost "well below" the $33 million estimated,
legal filing said. "Retailers are willing to pay fees," said Paul Martaus, an electronic
consultant in Clearwater, Fla. "The issue since day one with debit is
that the
fee they pay varies with the transaction amount." The lawsuit claimed a Visa credit card transaction costs merchants 1.25%
the sale, or $1.25 on $100. The Visa Check fee on the same sale would be
1.04% plus six cents, or $1.10. On-line debit networks' fees go as low as
five cents. Visa officials, who saw the lawsuit for the first time Wednesday, said it
is  still cheaper for merchants to clear a Visa Check transaction than a
credit card
purchase. "The plaintiffs are wrong on the facts and the law," said Paul A. Allen,
executive vice president and general counsel. "The rule that is being
has been a cornerstone of the Visa product and market for the past 25
years." "Visa will pursue this with all due vigor," said Mr. Martaus. "It
their livelihood." Visa has a long and successful record of turning back such legal attacks.
beat a 1984 price-fixing suit by Nabanco, a merchant processing company
now owned by First Data Corp. In the 1990s, Dean Witter, Discover & Co.
was unable to crack Visa's exclusive bank-membership policy. In 1983 Nordstrom Inc. of Seattle stopped accepting Visa's debit card to
protest the credit-debit tying requirement, which jeopardized its status
as a
Visa merchant. Nordstrom brought, but quickly dropped, a lawsuit against
the card association -- and later offered a cobranded Visa card. One legal observer, who did not want to be named, said the Wal-Mart and
Limited claims against Visa will be difficult to prove "because the case
not fit into the traditional antitrust box. Most antitrust cases fail." The lead attorney for the retailers is Lloyd Constantine of Constantine &
Partners, New York, a former antitrust chief in the New York State
general's office. American Banker: Thursday, October 31, 1996
Microsoft's Web Software for Merchants Wins Support By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM
Six major banks and payment processors announced support Wednesday
for Microsoft Corp. software designed to promote Internet commerce. Microsoft developed the software, Merchant Server 1.0, with Verifone Inc.
It conforms to the Secure Electronic Transactions protocol for credit
payments and is said to make it easy for merchants to set up shop on the
World Wide Web in as little as a month. The financial institutions and processors that have signed on are
BankAmerica Corp., Citicorp, Wells Fargo & Co., Royal Bank of Canada,
First USA Inc., and Dean Witter, Discover & Co.'s Novus unit. They plan
handle a variety of on-line payments functions for merchants. Microsoft chairman Bill Gates conceded that Merchant Server addresses "an
area that today is very, very small," but added, "We believe there will
explosive growth." Bankers said their business customers are hankering for sales outlets on
"You have to fight them off with a stick," said Adrian Horsefield, senior
manager of alternative delivery products at Royal Bank of Canada. The
bank, Canada's largest, plans to use the Microsoft software to open a
mall" in March. Citicorp is planning a pilot program in Germany. Wells Fargo,
First USA's Paymentech unit, and Novus have agreed to recommend
Merchant Server to customers. For the banks, the software serves as "virtual bricks and mortar," said
A. Tyabji, chairman and chief executive officer of Verifone. "A lot of
the talk
(about on-line commerce) is about to be translated into reality." Michael Dusche, Microsoft's banking industry manager, said "a huge
opportunity" beckons. "There's so much apprehension whenever Microsoft does anything in the
banking community," he said. "We will let the banks remarket the product,
offering it directly to their merchants." With the banks in control of the payment system, Mr. Dusche said, a
participating institution could decide to offer incentives to merchants
consumers who used the bank's credit cards for on-line payments. Microsoft, of Redmond, Wash., and Verifone, of Redwood City., Calif.,
last summer they were collaborating on a system to ensure secure
payments, built on the bank card industry's SET standard. Verifone, the leading supplier of point of sale terminals, contributed
its VGate
and VPos systems, which securely whisk payment information between
Internet buyers and sellers. Other companies have come forward with similar offerings for merchants,
including Netscape Communications Corp., Oracle Corp., and Open Market
Inc. But several observers said the Microsoft-Verifone program appears to
be the most comprehensive and has the advantage of being backed by
companies merchants know and trust. "A whole host of people are delivering merchant server technology," said
McArdle, group executive for technology at First USA Paymentech in
Dallas, adding that the combination of Microsoft and Verifone "is
potent." "It's a more powerful product to the merchant community, and it's simple
inexpensive to use," he said. "Almost any merchant can afford to become
involved in this new channel." Scott Smith, an electronic commerce analyst at Jupiter Communications in
New York City, said that while other companies are providing
"components," Microsoft's software is "the most comprehensive so far."
"We see the merchant server as a breakthrough product," said Cathy
Medich, Verifone's marketing director. "It's really targeted to helping a
merchant run his store."
One drawback, Mr. Smith said, is that the software works only on
Microsoft's Windows NT operating system. "Like most of their offerings,
looks great, sounds great, but there are lots of hidden strings
attached," Mr.
Smith said. To date, most merchants have had to rely on a patchwork of software tools
and payment techniques to do business on-line. "It's been tough for businesses to set these sites up," Mr. Gates said.
companies have spent over a million dollars setting up an Internet
site, and many of those just aren't so compelling." Mr. Dusche said small merchants will be able to set up a virtual store
for as
little as $3,500. At more sophisticated on-line stores, shoppers will be
to see more than just a flat image of each product. "If you're looking at a handbag, you'll be able to turn it around, open
it up
and look inside," Mr. Dusche said. "It has to be a compelling experience
the user - they have to be able to see more than text." Among the first merchants using the product will be the bookstore of the
University of California at Los Angeles. The system will allow students
enter a course number and order books directly, without waiting in line.
Tower Records site will allow browsers to listen to snippets of music.
About 50 merchants have said they will use the technology to open such
stores by yearend. Jane Moy, vice president and general manager of electronic commerce at
Novus Services, called the Microsoft-Verifone merchant server "the first
step" toward ubiquitous Internet commerce.
InfoWorld: October 28, 1996
Lucent, Visa Strike Phone Banking Deal By Kristi Essick Lucent Technologies Inc. this month announced that Visa Interactive will
its phone-based voice-recognition banking software as an extension of the
Visa electronic banking and bill-paying network. Under terms of the
agreement, Lucent will provide its Intuity Conversant voice-response
which recognizes and processes natural language requests via telephone,
Visa-member financial institutions in the United States. The technology, already being used by many banks in the United States for
their own networks, will now be connected to Visa Interactive's vast
electronic banking network to enable financial institutions to offer
services via voice-recognition phone calls, according to Ry Schwark, a
Lucent spokesman. Using the service, customers will be able to make electronic payments to
businesses and individuals, receive notification of low funds, and access
accounts after entering a personal passcode. A request such as "Can I
out my balance?" or "Write check to Aunt Ethel" will be recognized by the
Intuity Conversant system and electronically processed via the Visa
bill-paying network without users ever having to write a check, said Ken
Pilecek, bank offers manager for Lucent.
To be eligible for the service, users must submit to Visa in writing a
list of
individuals and institutions. Once the service is activated, users need
only the voice system and enter a password to authorize money transfers to and
from any account, Pilecek said. The first financial institution to sign up for the bill-payment service
is City, Mo.-based UMB Financial Corp., which will make the services
available to its 130 member banks in the Midwest, Schwark said. The
Conversant software complies with Visa Interactive's Access Device
Messaging Specification, an open protocol for bill-payment services. The starting price for the software is $6,700 for small and medium-size
with an Intuity Conversant hardware system already installed. For banks
need both software and hardware, pricing starts at $18,000. Large bank
applications start at $30,000. The service is available now in the United
States, but it won't be offered internationally until next year. Users can expect to see services in Canada, the United Kingdom, and
Australia by midyear, but non-English speakers will need to wait until
releases foreign language versions of the voice-recognition software,
may take as long as a year, Pilecek said. In addition to language
considerations, Lucent and Visa must also alter the service to comply
differing international banking regulations, Pilecek said. Lucent, based in Murray Hill, N.J., can be reached at (908) 582-8500 or
Bank Automation News: October 30, 1996
Technology Provides Internet Connection Banks will be able to provide customers with better service and improve
productivity levels in their call centers as Internet technology software
improves, say consultants.
"A year ago, people said [the Internet] was a phase, now it doesn't
matter if
it is a fad, you need to be there," says Sheila McGee-Smith, director of
analysis and forecasting at the Pelorus Group in Raritan, N.J. Security First Network Bank [SFNB], of Atlanta, is implementing an
call center in three phases over the next several months to consolidate
customer inquiries received through various communication channels,
including the voice response unit and E-mail. The software will be implemented by Quintus, of Freemont, Calif., into
data center of Atlanta-based Five Paces Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary
SFNB. The center will use tracking software to identify the caller when
dial into the center from another line or E-mail the bank and transfer
inquiry to an agent. The system also will allow the initial servicing
agent to
track the request to place any follow up calls, says Lisa Green a
spokeswoman for Quintus. The service model was designed in conjunction with Palo Alto,
Hewlett-Packard, which will supply the middleware, Cambridge Technology
Partners, of Cambridge, Mass., which will help with the integration
and Little Rock, Ark.-based Alltel, which will manage the call center. Banks can establish Internet links to their call centers to give
access to account information and have an agent return their call.
telephony systems let consumers speak with an agent while viewing the
World Wide Web page over a single line, but require both the agent and
customer to have an Internet connection, sound card, Internet phone
software, a microphone and speakers, says McGee-Smith. Consider Customer Demographics First Before you implement Internet call centers or Internet telephony systems,
consider the regional and geographic differences of your customer base,
analysts. Customers at Citibank, of New York, for example, may be more
comfortable using Internet applications than those at a rural bank, says
McGee-Smith. Other equipment providers are incorporating these capabilities into their
systems. Lucent Technologies, of Basking Ridge, N.J., is planning to
Internet telephony functions to its Intuity Messaging Solutions and
Switching Systems Division, of Downers, Grove, Ill., also produced an
Internet telephony system with Netspeak, of Boca Raton, a telephone
software company. San Jose, Calif.-based Aspect Telecommunications
Corp. also has Internet telephony functions. Santa Fe, Calif.-based Edify
AT&T , of Parsippney, N.J., also are working on an Internet application.

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:05:21
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Financial Times: Tuesday, November 5, 1996
Visa Launches New Multi-Function Card By Mark Ashurst in Johannesburg
Visa International yesterday launched its first multi-function smart
cards in
partnership with two South African retail banks, First National and
Nedcor. The new cards combine debit, credit, and pre-paid facilities, by using a
microchip in place of the traditional magnetic strip. Ms Anne-L. Cobb, president of Visa Central and Eastern Europe, Middle
East and Africa, said the deal fulfilled "Visa's vision of the future of
payment products". Chip-based cards would replace paper-based and
magnetic strip-based cash systems within 20 years, she said. South
banks were "very much in the lead" in developing this technology for
and credit services. FNB and Nedcor have issued more than 200,000 multi-function cards,
under their own brands, since the South African industry agreed on an
inter-bank standard for smart cards in October, 1995. These cards will now be branded with Visa, and will be converted to
international EMV, Europay-Mastercard-Visa standards by the end of next
year. A common standard for card transactions in South Africa had been adopted
later than in many developed countries, but was already close to the
international EMV standards agreed earlier this year. The South African variant would "allow customers access to multiple
accounts at their financial institution," said Ms Cobb. In time, the
cards would
also be used to encourage loyalty programmes and to store personal
information. The Visa branding is expected to raise use of multi-function cards. Ms
Kelly, general manager of Nedcor card services, said the two banks would
invest R5bn-R7bn ( in upgrading technology at retail points
and banking machines with the aim of issuing 1m new cards within a year. In June, Visa acquired the rights to the Universal Electronic Payments
System, a software package used by South African banks to manage
inter-bank cashflows. The group was "working with the two South African
banks to implement the future platform" for global inter-operability,
said Ms
Cobb. South African banks have pioneered chip-based cards because of the
country's poor telecommunications infrastructure and an over-reliance on
cash in a society riddled with violent crime. It was initially devised by
African brewers as a safer and more efficient alternative to cash on
Less than 30 per cent of credit card transactions are authorised on-line
because of telecommunications problems. However, a microprocessor and memory chip embedded in the new cards
keeps track of clients' spending, reducing the banks' risk in card
This would make formal banking services more widely available to low
income groups, said Mr Viv Bartlett, FNB managing director. The cards, secured by personal PIN codes, enabled "off-line transactions
without the umbilical cord linking points of sale to mainframes". They could also be prepaid for use as "an electronic purse", which was a
safer alternative to cash. Ms Kelly said the South African model should not be compared with current
projects involving the use of smart cards for electronic commerce in
Australia, France and Japan. "We are not testing. We are authorising
cards and debit cards."  Asiaweek: November 8, 1996
New Competitors and Technology Shake up Card Industry
By Cesar Bacani and Julian Gearing You take pride in being a responsible credit-card user. You make sure you
never exceed your credit limit. You avoid using cash-advance privileges
in emergencies. And every month, you pay in full the outstanding balance
your card on or before the due date. A model customer?
Think again. Looking at your spotless payment record, the bank officer in
charge of your account is likely to throw up her hands in despair and
"How can we persuade this cardholder not to pay on time?"
The truth is that the people behind plastic money make the most profit
interest payments on overdue bills and cash advances. The problem: Asians
generally don't like debt. "Many of the cards used in the region are
cards, which deduct money from the holder's bank account as soon as a
purchase is made," says Niall Brady, a senior researcher and analyst with
Dublin-based financial-services research organization Lafferty Group. The number of credit cards -- plastic that allows users to pay only a
of what they owe every month -- is estimated at less than 310 million
Asia last year. That's not a lot in a region that is home to about half
humanity. But as Asians grow more affluent, card associations like Visa and
MasterCard are betting they will be willing to take on more debt to
their purchases. They see opportunities in the rising numbers of Asians
traveling overseas and the liberalization of the financial-services
New players are joining them. American Express recently introduced a new credit card in Hong Kong. GE
Capital has chosen Indonesia as the launch pad for its first card outside
U.S. "There will be a far more competitive environment in Asia for cards
five to seven years," predicts Steven Pinto, a vice-president at Citibank
Singapore. "With 2.7 billion inhabitants, this region has real potential," says
Lafferty, founder of the group that bears his name. How real? In the
which has 276 million people, there is one credit card for every person.
some governments worry that easy access to credit may erode their
traditional savings ethic, which is credited with sustaining the region's
economic boom. Last week, Finance Minister Anwar Ibrahim required cardholders in
Malaysia to pay the government an annual $20 service tax on each of their
credit cards. About 42% of $1.7-billion worth of credit-card transactions
June was overdue. Kuala Lumpur already requires every cardholder to pay
at least 15% of his outstanding balance. To understand what is happening, it helps to know how the card industry
works. The major credit-card associations, Visa and MasterCard, provide
the brand name and authorization service.
Banks and other financial institutions buy shares in one or both groups,
makes them association members and gives them the right to issue Visa and
MasterCard credit cards. The issuers make money from fees and interest on
cash advances and overdue payments levied on cardholders.
The associations are paid by issuers for every credit-card authorization
process and other services. American Express, Diner's Club and Japan's JCB issue charge cards, which
require users to pay monthly balances in full. Amex has added a
line to its traditional charge- card range. After launching its Optima
card in the U.S. in 1987, it introduced the American Express Credit Card
Britain in 1995. The Amex plastic was brought to Canada, Hong Kong and
Australia this year. Visa and MasterCard have asked their members to
twice before deciding to market the new product.
The intramurals aside, all brands face tough challenges in Asia. "It's
very easy
to think that the Asian market is homogenous, but there are major
differences," says Suresh Nanoo, regional director of brand management
Visa. Japan and Taiwan do not like debt. Malaysians, Singaporeans and
Thais are more receptive, but their governments are not.
"If everyone becomes a big spender, it could become a problem for the
whole country," says Tarisa Watanagase of the Bank of Thailand, which
this year doubled the annual salary requirement for cardholders to
$9,420. With just 14 million credit cards for its 1.2 billion people, China has
potential. But tight controls there - only state-owned banks can issue
for example - are stunting growth.
Largely unfettered by government intervention, the Philippines, Indonesia
India are considered among Asia's best credit-card prospects. Indonesia
1.4 million cards by the end of 1995. "Industry insiders believe it can
support a card base of 4 to 5 million," says Brady.
As for the Philippines, "the top five credit-card issuers, which
[together] have
averaged 33% annual growth since the early 1990s, had fewer than 700,000
cards last year" -- three times less than the potential immediate market.
its part, India is estimated to have up to 2 million cards. "The general
consensus is that this could grow to as many as 10 million by 2000," says
Brady. The problem is infrastructure. Telecommunications (for credit
and postal systems (for billing) are often unreliable. The absence of
credit-checking agencies makes screening card applications a headache.
And a nationwide merchant network is not yet in place. This is where an
international player's financial muscle and commitment make a difference.
Citibank has become the leading credit-card issuer in India and
and ranks second in the Philippines. It set up subsidiaries that focused entirely on credit-card operations, including card marketing and credit
screening. Rivals like Hongkong Bank and Standard Chartered Bank are following
Citibank's lead. "But local competitors are in the best position to
develop the
retail outlets where credit cards can be used," says Brady. "Only they
the on-the-ground presence needed to establish and service
merchant-acceptance networks." Equitable Card Network, for example,
boasts the largest merchant base -- 18,000 shops -- in the Philippines.
Because of government curbs, credit-card firms are under pressure in
Singapore (number of credit cards: 1.6 million) and increasingly so in
Malaysia and Thailand (1.8 million each). "The most draconian of
Singapore's restrictions came into force in August," says Brady. "It caps
maximum credit limit to twice the cardholder's monthly income. This also
robs charge-card issuers like American Express and Diner's Club of their
competitive weapon -- no pre-set spending limits."
The government requires all cardholders to earn at least $21,275 a year

@_date: 1996-11-12 11:06:06
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Financial Times: Friday, November 8, 1996
Credit Card Group Set for Control of Mondex By Tim Burt MasterCard International, the credit card consortium, has stepped up its
to take a leading position in the embryonic cash card business by
agreeing to
acquire a majority stake in Mondex International of the UK. Mondex is a leading developer of "electronic purses" -- plastic cards
memory chips that can be "loaded" with cash and used for small purchases.
The deal is expected to give MasterCard 51 per cent of Mondex, set up by
National Westminster and Midland of the UK but now jointly owned by 17
banks. Under the agreement, MasterCard would promote the Mondex electronic
cash card through banks which carry its franchise. The Mondex system has been piloted in Swindon, Wiltshire, and Hong
Kong. It works by storing cash on a microchip card, which can be loaded using
automatic telling machines or specially equipped telephones. Cards -- including credit, debit and store cards -- are used for payments
worth an estimated  a year. MasterCard believes Mondex could give it a greater share of that market,
although some industry observers doubt the appetite for such electronic
cards. The acquisition could exacerbate tensions between MasterCard and Visa,
main rival, in attempts to establish an industry-wide standard for chip
Visa has already done pilot tests of its electronic purse at the Atlanta
Olympic Games last summer and in Spain, Australia and Argentina.
It is understood Mondex would become a free-standing subsidiary of
MasterCard, and its existing management is expected to remain. Banking analysts said the deal could signal an admission by MasterCard
trials of its own electronic purse had not proved an unqualified success.
Yesterday, however, MasterCard said it would be conducting a full-scale
trial of its own smart card in New York next March. Electronic purses are undergoing trials elsewhere in Europe and North
America, and some of Mondex's rivals claim it does not conform to the
international standards for chip cards developed by companies such as
and Europay. Mondex has had a mixed reception among UK customers and retailers but
said this week that it had been received enthusiastically in the Far
In Hong Kong -- where Mondex was launched last month in conjunction
with HongkongBank and Hang Seng Bank -- more than 20,000 customers
and 400 stores have signed up to join the scheme at the two malls where
it is
being tested. The card is also being tested in Canada and is expected to be launched in
Australia next year. Financial Times: Friday, November 8, 1996
World Tries Out New Electronic Purse Systems
By George Graham
Ever since inventors figured out how to implant a miniature computer chip
the thickness of a standard payment card, banks have been toying with the
possibilities opened up by this extra memory and processing power. Top of most lists is the electronic purse: a way of loading money on to
card so that it can be used as a direct substitute for cash in small transactions such as buying a newspaper or a bus ticket. Mondex is among a host of electronic purses now on trial around the
Originally piloted in Swindon, England, it is also being tested in Canada
was launched this week in Hong Kong. The arrival of MasterCard, the international payment card consortium, as
prospective majority shareholder will give Mondex the opportunity to move
beyond local and national trials to, potentially, worldwide use. MasterCard had run trials of its own electronic purse in Canberra, though
reports that these proved unsatisfactory would appear to be borne out by
imminent new link with Mondex. But Mondex is not alone in the electronic
purse contest.
Visa, MasterCard's great rival, piloted its Visa Cash electronic purse at
Atlanta Olympics, and in such countries as Spain, Australia, and
Argentina. It
will be launching a trial in the UK next year. Europay, despite being
MasterCard's partner in Europe, has already launched its own purse called
the Clip. Other national electronic purses range from the disposable Danmont card
Denmark -- sold for face value and thrown away when used up, like a phone
card -- to the reloadable Quick chip in Austria, which is integrated into
customer's regular cash card. The most heavily used electronic purse so far, and arguably the only one
can yet claim to be a commercial success beyond a closed circuit such as
university, is the PMB card in Portugal. It has 170,000 cards in active
and an expected 50,000 point of sale terminals installed by the end of
year. But no winner has yet emerged. "The reason for all of these pilots is that no one has proven the
business case.
I'll be really interested to see if anyone makes money out of this," Mr
Lockhart, president of MasterCard International, said earlier this year. Banks generally like the idea of an electronic purse, which cuts out the
they run on a credit card payment of not getting paid. It is also cheaper
operate than a debit card: because the money is already loaded on the
there is no need for each transaction to be authorised by a central
computer. 'The reason for all these pilots is that no one has proven the business
weighs particularly with late night shops and with bus and taxi drivers
who do
not want to have to carry change around with them. But they do not want to install new card terminals until they are sure
what the
standard will be. The gains are much less obvious for consumers. To compete with cash, an
electronic purse has to be not only free but very widely accepted. That
threshold has so far been crossed usually in very limited geographical
such as the Sydney suburb where an electronic purse accepted at petrol
stations, shops and fast food outlets has been successfully married with
a bus
pass. Mondex's technological features make it a closer replica of cash than
competitors. Mondex money moves anonymously from one person to the
next, and can even be transferred to another individual's Mondex card,
instead of only to a shop with a special terminal. In most other systems each transaction ends up being processed through a
central computer. That leaves more of an audit trail -- a plus point with
police. But Mondex's biggest shortcoming has been that it stood alone, raising
questions on whether it would gain acceptance beyond the confines of
Swindon. Rivals say it does not conform technically to the international
standards for chip cards developed by Visa, MasterCard and Europay,
although Mondex officials have demonstrated its cards will work in
terminals. Mondex took a big step towards wider acceptance this summer, when
National Westminster Bank, its creator, sold control to a broad
consortium of banks. With MasterCard expected to take control, the
Mondex card has will be crossing another threshold toward worldwide
acceptance.

@_date: 1996-11-15 09:54:40
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Financial Times: Tuesday, November 9, 1996 Visa Set to Test 'Electronic Purse' By George Graham
Visa, the international payments card consortium, has picked Leeds for a
next year of its electronic purse, a plastic card with an embedded
chip which can be loaded with cash and used for small purchases.
The Visa Cash card was launched last year in the US and widely promoted
this summer in Atlanta during the Olympic Games. Other pilots have been
launched in Argentina, Australia, Canada, Colombia, Hong Kong, New
Zealand and Spain. The card will clash directly with the UK-developed Mondex card, another
electronic purse about to be taken over by MasterCard. Mondex is currently on trial in Swindon, and at the universities of
Exeter and
York, and a Hong Kong trial was launched this week. Visa Cash will be launched by Abbey National, Barclays Bank, the
Co-operative Bank, Halifax Building Society, Lloyds TSB and the Royal
Bank of Scotland.
Visa said it did not expect banks to charge customers for the empty card
during the pilot. It hopes that 2,000-3,000 merchants will accept the
card. Electronic purses are designed to act as a substitute for cash for
purchases such as newspapers or bus tickets. Because the money is already loaded on the card, a shop can accept it
immediately without a signature or a personal identification number, and
without a telephone call to the bank's computer for authorisation. That makes them economical for much smaller transactions than a credit or
debit card would be used for. But ordinary bank cards will soon also contain a computer chip. The
Association for Payment Clearing Services, which runs the UK's payment
systems, plans to start chip card trials next October in Bristol,
Edinburgh and
Northampton. Banks could start replacing the UK's 90m magnetic strip cards with chip
cards by next summer. The initial purpose is to produce a card that is harder to counterfeit
today's magnetic strip cards. But extra security features such as electronic signature recognition or
biometric keys -- retina scans or palm prints -- could also be loaded on
the chip. Plastic card fraud losses have halved in the last four years to year, and many banks now doubt whether chip cards will cut fraud by
enough to justify their extra cost. But bankers are also intrigued by the potential for using the chip to add
services to their payment cards. American Banker: Wednesday, November 13, 1996
Mellon Starts Internet-Based Corporate Service
By STEVEN MARJANOVIC
Mellon Bank Corp. has launched an Internet-based electronic commerce
service for its corporate customers. The service, which uses encryption and authentication software from
Premenos Technology Corp. of Concord, Calif., lets corporate customers
send payments and related information to the bank over the Internet using
standard electronic data interchange formats. The deal is a new example of how banks are slowly growing more confident
about the security of sending sensitive payment and business information
the public network. Mellon says it is confident it can conduct secure transactions over the
medium after a six-month "testing" phase of Premenos' security features. The goal of the pilot was to "try to kill the software," by cracking its
key-private key data encryption features, said Mauro DeFelice, manager of
security and technical services at Pittsburgh-based Mellon. "We wanted to make sure we knew what our risk was," he said. A rising number of banks are looking to use the Internet as a channel for
corporate banking transactions. The attraction, according to Lawrence Forman, cash management analyst at
Ernst & Young, is that the Internet is much cheaper than alternatives,
like the
automated clearing house network or value-added private networks. But he said not all banks are comfortable with the Internet yet. Further,
questioned whether Internet security issues have been adequately
and noted that many institutions, like Citicorp, remained "very wary of
it." Encryption measures are still relatively new technologies, Mr. Foreman
noted, and "as volume picks up, the incentive for criminals to break
algorithms will grow," he said. Several banks send and receive EDI payment transmissions over the
including BankAmerica Corp., and Banc One Corp. Chase Manhattan Corp. recently struck a deal with Premenos to conduct
EDI transactions with Diamond Shamrock Inc., an oil refinery based in San
Antonio, Texas. Mellon's first customer for its new service is Bell Atlantic Corp. Mellon now issues as many as 10,000 payment and payment-related
transmissions daily. The bank receives files via the Internet, processes
with its EDI translation system, and initiates ACH transactions, Fed Wire
electronic funds transfers, or issues checks. Mellon has offered customers EDI services using payment formats found on
the ACH network for five years. The Internet's advantage, aside from its
ubiquity, is cheaper transmission rates. The deal between Mellon and
Premenos is mutually beneficial. Mr. DeFelice said the bank, which licensed Premenos' software at a
discount, can offer competitive EDI services to a larger market of
customers. Premenos gets access to Mellon's extensive corporate customer
base. Bell Atlantic at one point wanted to develop EDI software for the
with Mellon. But it scrapped those plans, opting instead to use software
Premenos had already developed. Financial Times: Tuesday, November 12, 1996
US Lawyers Turn to Fraud-Busting
In murder mysteries, getting rid of the body is the biggest problem.
Fraudsters face a different dilemma: they need to lay their hands on the
once the hue and cry has calmed. Two American lawyers have set up a company to prevent them doing just
that. Mr Irving Cohen and Mr Martin Kennedy believe there are enormous
opportunities for recovering money taken illegally. "The US Treasury has estimated that $ 500bn of off-shore funds are assets
protected from creditors," says Mr Kennedy, who has worked on bad debt
recovery with banks such as CIBC and Bank of Tokyo. The reason the
money is not recovered, he says, is because "there is no understanding
deliberately hidden assets can be recovered." Interclaim plans to take advantage of that with a form of global
factoring. It is looking for debts worth at least $ 5m, and with an average value of $
20m. "This is a completely new kind of company," Mr Kennedy says, "but it is
going to open up a field where there is going to be competition in five
to 10
years." The reasons large sums lie unrecovered are a combination of financial
services regulations and psychology. A bank faced with a probable bad
is legally required to make provisions, but that act moves the debt from
profit centre to the bank's recovery or special loans department. More crucially, once the provision has been made, the bank and its
shareholders have already accepted the loss; it is written into the
and the impetus to pursue it is lost. "Institutions have lost their faith
traditional methods of recovery," Mr Kennedy say. According to KPMG,
the accountants, such methods usually recover 2-4 per cent of the debt;
Interclaim believes its recovery rates will be closer to 20 per cent. Part of that success will come from its "find, freeze and settle"
philosophy. It
aims to find the money and freeze the assets, thus immobilising the
and bringing him to the settle ment table quickly. "These individuals are not interested in complying with the rule of law,"
Irving says. "And we are not interested in grinding through the
legislation for
five or 10 years. If we find someone whose 12-year-old daughter has $ 10m
in her bank account, we can be sure she didn't get that from a paper
round." The philosophy relies on an understanding of the fraudster and his
assumptions. He is, says Mr Kennedy, not only cunning but arrogant; he
regards his victims with derision. But criminals are also usually
pragmatic. So
when faced with an adversary who outwits them, they capitulate quickly. Interclaim either buys claims outright for between 0.5 per cent to 6 per
of their value, or works with the institution in a joint venture. It will
between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 to enforce and prosecute a claim, though
the cost of recovery bears no relation to the size of the claim.

@_date: 1996-11-20 06:12:27
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Associated Press 11/19/96
STOLEN COMPUTER HAS INFORMATION ON 314,000 ACCOUNTS  Credit card holders often worry that some computer hacker will find his
or her way into their charge accounts. One thief took the low-tech route
and simply took an entire computer, its memory holding information on
hundreds of thousands of some of the best-known cards. The personal
computer was stolen earlier this month from a Visa International office
that processes charges on a number of different credit card brands, Visa
said Monday. Its memory included information on about 314,000 credit card
accounts, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and
Diners Club, said Visa spokesman David Melancon. Some issuers, like
Citibank, which had about 33,000 accounts  affected, began calling
customers about the theft early last week. Citibank canceled the cards in
question and issued new ones, said spokeswoman Maria Mendler. The
personal computer was discovered missing from Visa's data processing
center at its main office in Foster City, Calif., on the evening of Nov.
8.  American Banker, 11/19/96
MASTERCARD WILL BUY 51% OF SMART CARD FIRM MONDEX   MasterCard International said Monday it would buy 51% of Mondex
International and promised significant investments to create a global
electronic cash system. The pending deal -- one of the card industry's
worst kept secrets -- puts MasterCard in the forefront of the smart card
race. Observers had criticized  MasterCard Cash, a smart card system that
was deemed less than successful in its Australian debut. With Visa Cash
in several pilots around the globe and American Express announcing a
licensing agreement last week for the Proton smart card technology owned
by 60 Belgian banks, many industry observers said the dash for dominance
would now begin in earnest. Mondex, developed by National Westminster
Bank of London and owned by 17 banks worldwide, is to retain its board,
staff, and organizational structure, acting as an independent subsidiary.
Financial Times: Monday, November 18, 1996
Electronic Money Threat to Banks By George Graham
Central banks could lose billions of dollars of revenue if consumers
start to
jettison the traditional banknote in favour of electronic money,
from the Bank for International Settlements have warned. A report issued today by the BIS, the central bankers' central bank, says
innovations such as "electronic purses" loaded on to a smart card or
cash" used for making payments over the Internet could erode central
income from issuing banknotes. Note issue is a significant source of revenue for many central banks
the private sector must in effect make interest-free deposits to obtain
notes. The BIS cites studies estimating the loss of this "seigniorage" at more
$17bn ( for its 11 member countries if prepaid cards were to
eliminate all banknotes below $25 in value, although not all seigniorage
comes to central banks. Central banks could "consider issuing e-money value themselves" as a way
offsetting the lost income, the BIS says. Alternatively, it suggests,
they could
increase mandatory reserve requirements, although this would run counter
the trend towards lower minimum reserves. The BIS report appeared as MasterCard, one of the world's two leading
payment card consortia, prepared to expand its efforts to develop a
accepted electronic purse by taking control of Mondex, a UK-developed
smart card.
MasterCard will announce today it is taking a 51 per cent stake in
which is currently on trial in Swindon and Hong Kong. Widespread substitution of e-money for cash could make it more difficult for central
banks -- by reducing their ability to control the money supply -- to
affect interest rates. But the BIS says this is unlikely to happen.
The BIS report warns that if central banks chose to issue their own
e-money, they "could limit competition or reduce incentives to innovate".
While no restrictions are usually imposed on the issue of single-purpose
prepaid smart cards, such as telephone cards, multipurpose electronic
purses, which can be used as money in a variety of places, raise
different questions. Some central bankers view them as comparable to deposit accounts, which
in most countries can be managed only by authorised banks. Others see
as equivalent to travellers' cheques, on which few restrictions are
imposed. The BIS report warns that any decision will involve a trade-off: "If
of e-money is limited to banks, the regulatory framework already in place
be extended to cover the new products, but competition and innovation
be more limited."
Washington Post: Sunday, November 17, 1996
Smart Cards Deal Simpler Life for Cash-Phobes
By Jane Bryant Quinn
The next piece of plastic the banks think you ought to keep in your
wallet is a
smart card. These cards come in several varieties, and most aren't yet
for mass distribution. But pilot projects are forging ahead--in Atlanta,
in New
York City early next year, in Canada and in several other countries. There's no obvious consumer need for smart cards today. But the bankers
believe that you're going to love them anyway. You may even be mailed one
and urged to try it. Smart card promoters make the assumption that you hate to carry cash. You
hate fishing for bills and coins to buy a newspaper or a soda. You'd put
down plastic, instead. This plastic card has money on it, embedded in a computer chip. A $20
card, for example, will give you $20 in spending power.
If you buy a 75-cent newspaper, the seller will put your card in a
terminal and drain off 75 cents. No identification or signature is
required. You now have a card with $19.25 left on it. After spending $1 on a soda,
value of your card goes down to $18.25. If you forget the amount, you can
check it with a little portable card reader. Some readers also might list
last five things you've bought. Don't confuse a smart card with a debit card. When you pay by debit card,
money is moved automatically from your bank account into the merchant's
bank account. With a smart card, however, you first move money from your
bank account onto the card's computer chip. When you buy something, the
money moves from your card to the merchant's terminal and then,
electronically, to the merchant's bank. If every merchant, street vendor, taxi driver and bus accepted smart
you wouldn't have to carry cash. To some, that would be a huge
convenience; to others, it's a shrug. As long as some merchants took
cards and others didn't, however, you'd have to carry both. Smart cards come in three varieties, some of them more flexible than
others: - A prepaid, disposable single-purpose card. Telephone cards are a good
example. You pay $10 or $20 for a card, dial a toll-free number, give the
number of your card and then make your telephone call. Minute by minute,
the cost of the call is deducted from the value of the card. When you've
drained all the money out of the card, you throw it out. - A prepaid, disposable bank card. You buy the card at a bank and can use
it at any store that has a terminal. - A reloadable card. When your money runs out, you can take it to the
an ATM or a special kiosk and load it up again. Visa, MasterCard,
Citibank and the Chase Manhattan bank will jointly test a reloadable card
a section of New York City next year. A reloadable card could also serve
your credit card, debit card or ATM card. What's in it for the bank? Eventually (although not at first), the bank
would charge you for the card. There might be a fee when you accessed the
ATM to load it up. The merchant also would pay a fee, in return for
what is presumably a more secure transaction. What's in it for consumers? A very little bit of convenience. Putting
down a
card is a tad quicker than fishing out cash. You always have the
equivalent of
exact change. You wouldn't have to count your change (but you'd have to
use the card reader to be sure the merchant's terminal deducted the right
amount). You may or may not pay more for the card than it costs to get
from an ATM. For a while, the smart cards probably won't have any more than $100 on
them, and the limit might be lower than that. So they're strictly for
walking-around money. You'd still need your credit card, debit card or
checkbook for more serious shopping. If the card malfunctions--say, it registers $14 when you're sure you were
carrying $36--the bank can check the balance on the computer chip, says
Ron Braco, a senior vice president at Chase Manhattan. But if you lose
card, it's just like losing cash. You're out the money. Promoters of smart cards blue-sky a lot of national and international
uses that
aren't yet anywhere in sight. I'll probably wait for them. Banks have a
job to do on people like me who don't find it a nuisance to carry cash. U.S. Banker: November 18, 1996
Scott Cook Considers His Next Move By Joseph Radigan
Today's home banking market would be very different -- and a lot smaller
without Scott Cook's Intuit. But a stab at processing payments fizzled
and some banks still suspect the company wants to steal their customers. The message boards at America Online's Motley Fool investment center may
be one of the quirkiest sources for stock tips, but then individual
have always been magnets -- or suckers for unconventional advice. Anyone who logs on to AOL can find a breadth of opinions on a vast
number of publicly traded companies and funds. But in this forum -- where
sage financial advice often takes a back seat to the cyberspace
equivalent of
a food fight, there are no favorites -- not even Intuit Inc., the company
since its formation 13 years ago has quietly, steadily nursed its
home banking program, Quicken, from a cult classic into a consumer
software powerhouse. While this was taking place, bank after bank was
throwing up its hands in frustration over its inability to convince more
than a
handful of customers to do their banking by personal computer. Clearly,
Intuit founder and chairman Scott Cook, a former marketing guy from
Procter & Gamble Co., understood something about consumers' banking
habits that bankers themselves just didn't get. But lately that hasn't
bought company any favors with some of Motley Fool's regular visitors. On September 12th, just days before the company reported its results for
fiscal year, one posting exemplified the sentiments of a small group of
subscribers that had soured on Intuit's prospects: "The party is over,
There was never a chance that a $ 300-million company was going to
a multi-trillion-dollar business. To buy into that was nuts to begin
with. Those
who did, most at more than $ 65 a share, are getting a new lesson in
large-bank thinking today." To see Intuit trashed in an on-line foram is especially ironic. After
all, it one of Wall Street's hot software stocks just as the high-tech sector
soaring to undreamed of heights two years ago, and, thanks to a marketing
relationship with AOL, Quicken and its no-frills stablemate, BankNow, are
the banking options of choice for the on-line service's subscribers.
Quicken has become the preferred financial management software among the
computer-literate, and that was what persuaded nearly three dozen banks
sign marketing relationships with the company in the last 18 months. But the last 12 months have been rough on Intuit's stock. The price
at $ 89.25 in November 1995, and since the beginning of the year, it's
caught in a steady downward spiral. By mid-September, when the company
released the earnings for its July fiscal year, the stock was wallowing
at barely $ 30 a share. The price rebounded slightly on the news that
was selling its money-draining payment-processing unit, but that momentum
evaporated quickly. "The Street was clearly dropping the stock over the last six months,"
Genni Combes, a securities analyst for Hambrecht & Quist. "The back-end
processing was a big drain, and Quicken sales slowed." Cook still speaks regularly at trade shows, but his one-on-one contacts
the press are not as frequent as they once were. In a recent telephone
interview with U.S Banker, he said the stock's price gyrations had more
do with factors beyond his company's control than with the firm's
performance. A year ago, the stock market was caught up in its Internet
hysteria, and this spring, when Intuit's price started sliding, it was
because investors were finally evaluating on-line stocks with a healthy
dose of
much-needed logic. Whatever the actual cause of Intuit's share decline, the company still
plenty of fans. Most people posting messages on AOL are still bullish on
prospects, as are most of the professional analysts that follow the
for the big brokerage firms. "Their cash flow is tremendous," says David Farina, an analyst with
Blair & Co. in Chicago. Indeed, although Intuit confirmed some of the
fears of its detractors by losing $ 20 million on $ 552 million in sales
during July 1996 fiscal year, the company did generate a cash flow of $ 44
An important source of that cash flow is the nearly 10 million customers
Quicken, some of whom are almost fanatical in their enthusiasm for the
product. As recently as four years ago, Quicken was the whole franchise,
and while its market is still growing, it is now only 20% of the
sales. Much of the firm's recent growth has come from its diversification
new markets. One is tax software. In acquiring the publisher of TurboTax,
the company has a product that now accounts for 30% of revenue. Another
important segment is small business accounting, where the QuickBooks
program contributes another 20%. These products will become even more
important to Intuit because the firm's strategy is to build upon
customer base by selling its regular users other programs like TurboTax. But in the wake of the announcement that the company was selling its
processing unit, Intuit Services Corp., or ISC (the sale is expected to
close in
December), the Menlo Park, CA, software publisher finds itself at what
be one of the most important junctures in its history. In the last year, Microsoft Money picked up market share against Quicken.
Cook says Quicken has recovered some of the ground it lost, but rarely
anyone best Bill Gates in a head-to-head shootout. Several of the three dozen banks that distribute Quicken have at best a
lukewarm commitment to promoting the software, and some would rather
pursue on-line banking strategies that circumvent Intuit. The on-line world, including that segment of the population that banks
Quicken, is rushing headlong toward the Internet, where only a few
companies have established brand names. Moreover, the companies that are
succeeding on the Internet tend not to be established technology firms
Microsoft or IBM Corp., but small start-ups devoted solely to doing
business on-line. Operating costs are rising faster than revenue. Expenses are not out of
control, but marketing in the on-line world challenges even the most
players, and that is forcing more software companies to steadily spend
on marketing and software development. Intuit is no exception. Revenues rose a healthy 32% last year to $ 552 million, but that rise was
outpaced by the nearly 40% jump in expenses for customer service,
marketing and research and development. And according to analysts like
Hambrecht's Combes, R&D will continue taking a big bite out of the
company's budget. "It takes tremendous tools to design products for the Internet, and you
to spend money on employees," says Combes. "Those costs have been
grossly underestimated" throughout the software industry. No Show
Stoppers None of the challenges confronting Intuit is a show-stopper --
some opinionated AOL subscribers notwithstanding, the party is definitely
not over but 1996 had more potholes than anyone could have predicted. The
more than $ 30 million spent on repairing ISC's operations was a big
drain on
management. Another problem has been the indifference, if not downright
hostility, displayed by some banks toward promoting Quicken. Cook now
says that in the wake of the ISC sale, that attitude is changing. Yet
there are
still banks that consider the company a threat. "The jury is still out on whether the consumer puts more value on the
software or the bank," says Tom Kunz, vice president for electronic
at PNC Bank Corp. It's probably impossible for a final verdict to ever be reached on this
but because it's still undecided, some banks have ventured into
banking very gingerly. This unknown was at the heart of many banks'
suspicion of Microsoft's motives when it tried to buy Intuit, and it is
lurking as a possible scenario should cable TV firms and regional Bells
the home banking market. Should banks surrender that brand-name
identification with their customers in some on-line markets, the fear is
that loss will snowball and lead toward depository institutions becoming mere
payment-shuffling middlemen. The desire to retain customers' loyalty has been behind some bankinspired
on-line ventures, such as the Internet bank, Security First Network Bank;
five-bank partnership that purchased Meca Software Inc. from H&R Block
Inc. and the announcement in September by 16 banks that they would
process home banking payments in a joint venture with IBM Corp. With Quicken, banks can promote their logos and brand names, but only
after a customer has intentionally purchased the package from a local
software store or bought a new computer with a copy of Quicken
pre-installed. Soon after a customer starts using the program, she can
establish an on-line connection between the bank and her home computer,
provided her bank has a marketing agreement with Intuit. In the last 18
months, some three dozen banks and thrifts have done so. Another 12,000
or so haven't. The objection bankers like PNC's Kunz have had is that even after the
on-line connection between the bank and the consumer is in place, the
consumer's electronic sessions still begin with them looking at a Quicken
logo. That has always raised the unwelcome prospect that customers would
show more brand-name loyalty to the software than to the bank, and so
some of the banks that have marketing contracts with Intuit are only
promoting Quicken half-heartedly. PNC, for example, makes the software
available only to customers who specifically ask for it, and Mike King,
director of alternative banking for Michigan National Bank in Farmington
Hills, MI, says his institution, despite its signing of a processing
agreement year, "didn't aggressively promote either" Quicken or Money. "You go into some banks and you have to practically put a gun to their
to get a copy of Quicken, says Meca's president Paul Harrison. The reason
for that reluctance is that the banks that market Quicken are "clearly
themselves off from any cross-sell opportunity. You open the Intuit box,
you have to fill out the form, and the other side of that is an
application for Intuit credit card," issued by the Travelers Group's bank unit. Harrison is a direct competitor to Intuit, so it doesn't hurt him one bit
to out any disagreements between Intuit and the banks. But his point is also
borne out at the Internet site for the Quicken Financial Network, where
all of
the banks and brokerage firms that process payments through ISC are
although the listings are presented in a manner that doesn't distinguish
any one
bank from the others. Here too, along with lines for Chase Manhattan,
Citibank and Wells Fargo, there's a line for the Quicken Credit Card from
Travelers Bank and a second line for Travelers Bank. This credit card isn't all that significant, believes Jim Grant, a senior
president for First Chicago NBD Corp. There are so many card offers from
so many issuers, and Intuit's is just one more. A technology company
hijack customers' loyalty, Grant allows, "but I just haven't seen any of
He's felt for some time that the fears about Intuit's motives border on
paranoia. In the last two years, this issue of branding and positioning seemed to
become as much of a sore point for Cook as it has for the bankers who
accused him of hogging the market. Whenever he demonstrated Quicken at a
press briefing or a trade show, he was quick to point out the bank's logo
the computer screen. Cook readily acknowledges that Intuit is still trying to hang on to some
name recognition, but he said that it's something of a false issue to
argue that
the Quicken logo should permanently evaporate once a customer has
selected a given on-line banking option. After all, brand names are
shared in more familiar markets.
"When customers walk into McDonald's, they know they're ordering
Coca-Cola," Cook says. What's so bad about applying the same logic to
on-line marketing? Cook also pointed out that if banks are hesitant to have direct marketing
relationships with Quicken because there are three dozen other banks
names appear on the software program's menu, then those reluctant banks
are really going to be in for a rude awakening when Internet banking
soars off
the charts. Some 500 banks had Web pages by this fall, and if the market
forecasts are accurate, that number could increase five- or ten-fold in
next few years. He feels it's unfair to singled out Quicken for
on-line disintermediation. Some bankers may never be reconciled to Cook's presence in their
As long as somebody else is selling software to their customers, that
whether it's Gates, Cook or someone else, they are going to be looked
as interlopers who are trying to hog "ownership" of the customer
A Matter of Ownership When NationsBank chief executive Hugh McColl
addressed a retail banking conference last December, he said, "I get
every week from representatives of technology companies. They all swear
they don't intend to become banks. But they won't have to. With control
the medium, they ultimately gain the chance to own our customer
relationships." But Cook responds, "Owning the customer? I don't know what that means.
We found out with our ISC strategy, that when you don't allow the

@_date: 1996-11-25 08:51:16
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
[This should make you feel better about GAK]
New York Times: Thursday, November 21, 1996
Social Security Workers Held In Frauds Using Credit Cards
By LYNDA RICHARDSON
Federal officials announced the arrests of a group of Social Security
Administration employees Wednesday, charging them with passing
confidential information on at least 1,000 people to credit-card thieves
bribes as little as $10. Under the scheme, the employees would give out confidential information
would allow the credit-card thieves to use the cards when they made
purchases. The authorities think the thieves were able to obtain the
cards by
stealing them through the mail, in some cases.
The authorities said six current or former employees and a former
guard with the agency were arrested Tuesday in the scheme, which resulted
in at least $10 million in losses to credit card issuers from October
1995 to
this June. The credit card issuers are Citibank, Visa and Mastercard. The employees were charged with bribery and misuse of a government
computer, and face prison terms of 2 to 15 years and fines up to
$250,000. The arrests resulted from a federal investigation that began in February
what computer experts say may be one of the biggest breaches of security
federal government data on residents. Officials said 20 people have been arrested, including 10 current or
employees of the Social Security Administration. The scheme was first
detected in February by Citibank, which noticed an unusual amount of
fraudulent charges on credit cards it had mailed to customers but that
customers said they had not received, officials said. Like many banks, Citibank has a security procedure that requires
who receive new cards to activate them by calling a toll-free telephone
number and provide some personal information, like their mother's maiden
name, to activate the credit card. The bank discovered that its security system had been foiled in dozens of
cases in which cards were activated by someone who was not the cardholder
but had access to the cardholder's mother's maiden name. Investigators for the Social Security Administration, which keeps files
maternal maiden names and records the identification number of employees
who call up files, determined that an employee at the Brooklyn Social
Security office had illegally looked at the personal records of nearly
dozen people and sold the information to conspirators, who activated
cards, said Philip A. Gambino, an agency spokesman. Based on information from that employee, the agency identified several
employees who had illegally released confidential information, often in
exchange for bribes. Those arrested this week were described as low-level
workers, including claim representatives and clerks. In 1,000 cases, credit cards were activated using information illegally
provided by the government employees, Gambino said. ``Most have been fired and the others are in the process of being
fired,'' he
said. Officials said the thieves who approached the Social Security employees
already had access to Social Security numbers and wanted the numbers run
through the agency's database. Social Security numbers are the closest
to a universal identifier that Americans have, and are widely available
public sources like college and employee ID cards and hospital tags, and
even driver's licenses in more than 30 states. The investigation has resulted in the arrests of nine people, including
Nigerians, who are accused of receiving or using the stolen confidential
information to commit various types of credit card fraud, said Brian F.
Gimlett, the special agent in charge of the Secret Service in New York. He said the stolen or reissued credit cards were used to buy merchandise,
obtain cash advances and line-of-credit checks and make illegal
from automated teller machines. Gimlett said the conspirators who approached the government workers were
not part of an organized crime ring. ``Actually, most were individual operations, but doing the same type of
crime,'' he said. ``This is another example of greedy people finding new
to compromise the security systems to financially gain from credit card
and other types of fraud.'' EFT Report: November 20, 1996
Micro Card Targets U.S. Smart Card Market
Bull CP8 Transac, of France, says it wants to help U.S. banks issue smart
cards through its U.S. subsidiary, Micro Card Technologies, of Billerica,
Mass. The company believes that 60 percent of the smart card opportunity
resides here, says Gerald Hubbard, vice president of marketing. That
is expected to grow to a total of about $100 million to $200 million by
year 2000, according to industry figures. Debit and stored-value cards are targeted as the first smart-card
to be issued in the United States. As a result, Micro Card is forming alliances throughout the card industry
penetrate the U.S. market. It recently partnered with NBS, of Plainfield,
N.J., one of the nation's largest card manufacturers. Bull's strategy is similar to that of its competitors, says Ben Miller, of CardTech/SecurTech in Bethesda, Md. All the world's major smart card firm are bringing smart card
capabilities in
from offshore and have set up acquisitions or partnerships with U.S. card
manufacturers to build strength and confidence from American bankers,
Miller says. Schlumberger, also of France, recently bought Malco. The existing manufacturing facilities are secure and card association
compliant, helping the companies earn industry trust. The firms, in turn,
receive an existing revenue stream from the magnetic stripe sales, Miller
Micro Card claims it has the longest U.S. history of its competitors. It
set up
shop here in 1984 and has since participated in several smart card
closed-system initiatives. For example, U.S. Marine Corp.'s recruits in
Island, S.C., receive their pay on CP8 Micro Cards, which are accepted at
post exchanges for cash withdrawals and purchases. Micro Card also has
been selected to provide half of the card readers in the Citibank and
Manhattan Bank smart card pilot in New York. Micro Card sells readers, encoders and several different types of cards
ranging from the basic one-issuer, multiple-application system, called
to its high-end electronic purse card that can handle multiple
from several unconnected service providers, says Hubbard. Its crypto card
uses public key cryptography to secure transactions, Hubbard says. Micro Card's systems all contain microprocessors and comply with Europay,
MasterCard and Visa (EMV) standards as well as International Standards
Organization specifications, he adds. Micro Card also is partnering with
Redmond, Wash.-based Microsoft and several smart card vendors to
develop integration standards for smart cards and personal computers. Evening Standard (London): Monday, November 18, 1996
Smart Card Code is Cracked
By Flora Hunter A Cambridge scientist has broken the smart card code, casting doubt over
the card's future as the ultimate security device. Dr Ross Anderson's work, published today, has been kept secret for six
months to allow institutions such as the Bank of England to review
security. The Cambridge University computer expert claims his methods of accessing
information from smart cards, which were previously thought impenetrable,
could be used by organised criminals using simple equipment. He is warning banks and other financial institutions to rethink their
operations, as his breakthrough could lay bare the private financial
secrets of
everyone from governments to the holders of High Street bank accounts.
Smart cards are used as identity tokens in satellite TV cards and bank
They are also used as top-level security passes at nuclear installations.
Government recently announced plans to store information such as driving
licence, tax, social security and pension details on individual smart
cards. Today, Dr Anderson said: 'For a number of years these smart cards and
processors have been marketed as tamper-proof. If you try and get into
chip using whatever method, they are supposed to be inaccessible. 'We have developed techniques that can get into most of these smart cards
and I believe they can all be accessed. Banks are moving away from
magnetic cards towards smart cards to improve security but they are going
have to think again. 'They are going to have to rethink their whole security process because
have shown the security processors can be attacked with the kind of
equipment available to any undergraduate. 'Organised criminals could use
techniques to cause disaster to financial institutions.' Smart cards can store information on a tiny microchip embedded in the
plastic which lets the user access electronic and computer systems. Banks and other financial institutions must now make immediate changes to
their sophisticated security systems, which could cost millions of
pounds. In conjunction with an American colleague, Dr Anderson has perfected
techniques that could cause havoc. Dr Anderson said: 'We have been in consultation with the Bank of England
and various national intelligence agencies. We agreed to postpone
our paper to give them a chance to look at the findings. A lot of people
put all their eggs in one basket by relying on smart cards for security.
the basket has been tipped over.' American Banker: Thursday, November 21, 1996
Wells, 31 Others Ease Downloading of Account Data from
Internet By DREW CLARK
Wells Fargo & Co. and 31 community banks and credit unions announced
that their customers will be able to download account information from
Internet with the click of a button. The technology is one of the first
uses of
Microsoft Corp.'s set of standards for electronic financial connections,
were introduced last March. Called Active Statement Technology, advocates say that it will simplify
process of transferring account files from the World Wide Web to personal
financial software programs. Making data on Web sites easier to download is likely to
encourage banking customers to go to the sites, industry
observers said. That, in turn, would offer banks more
chance to promote their services on the Internet. "Today we offer both our Quicken and our Microsoft Money customers the
ability to download information into their software spreadsheets," said
Fargo spokeswoman Janet Otsuki. But the features of Microsoft's new
technology "will allow Money customers to have a more direct and more
efficient downloading experience." The benefits of that arrangement are hardly accidental from the
standpoint of
Microsoft, which has been aggressively battling Intuit Inc. for a greater
of the personal financial software market. Intuit's Quicken leads Money
75% to 20%, according to a recent independent consumer study. Microsoft offers its technology for free to all financial institutions,
and it
encourages banks to link their Web sites so that their customers will
find a
trial offer for the Money product. Competing Web browsers will be able to download financial data, but
Microsoft Money 97 is the only financial software able automatically to
receive the information.
"We expect this will be a de facto technology that any bank would want to
incorporate," said Matthew Cone, a business development manager at
Microsoft. Others familiar with Active Statement Technology said the program's
to recognize information that has already been recorded offers a crucial
advantage over the widely used Quicken Import Format. "Comparing the Quicken Import Format to (Microsoft's technology) is like
comparing apples to oranges," responded Intuit senior vice president Eric
Dunn. "Automatic reconciling has been possible in both Quicken and Money
for over a year." By now, 275 financial institutions offer some form of PC banking, and 46
customers gain access to their accounts from the Web, according to the
Seattle-based Online Banking Report. But encouraging customers to come
over via the Web may hold benefits for banks. "Instead of starting with Money or Quicken, customers start at the bank's
Web site," said Paul Fiore, chief executive of Digital Insight. The Camarillo, Calif., company has helped 28 credit unions develop
transactional Web sites. Without having to pay Microsoft for a direct
connection, all those institutions now offer their customers the ability
download their finances easily into Money 97. How soon will that affect consumers at those institutions? Cathi
home banking coordinator at the Plano, Tex., Community Credit Union, is
already watching: "I am personally going to look to see if people are
converting from Quicken to Microsoft Money."

@_date: 1996-11-25 09:14:52
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
[This should make you feel better about GAK]
New York Times: Thursday, November 21, 1996
Social Security Workers Held In Frauds Using Credit Cards
By LYNDA RICHARDSON
Federal officials announced the arrests of a group of Social Security
Administration employees Wednesday, charging them with passing
confidential information on at least 1,000 people to credit-card thieves
bribes as little as $10. Under the scheme, the employees would give out confidential information
would allow the credit-card thieves to use the cards when they made
purchases. The authorities think the thieves were able to obtain the
cards by
stealing them through the mail, in some cases.
The authorities said six current or former employees and a former
guard with the agency were arrested Tuesday in the scheme, which resulted
in at least $10 million in losses to credit card issuers from October
1995 to
this June. The credit card issuers are Citibank, Visa and Mastercard. The employees were charged with bribery and misuse of a government
computer, and face prison terms of 2 to 15 years and fines up to
$250,000. The arrests resulted from a federal investigation that began in February
what computer experts say may be one of the biggest breaches of security
federal government data on residents. Officials said 20 people have been arrested, including 10 current or
employees of the Social Security Administration. The scheme was first
detected in February by Citibank, which noticed an unusual amount of
fraudulent charges on credit cards it had mailed to customers but that
customers said they had not received, officials said. Like many banks, Citibank has a security procedure that requires
who receive new cards to activate them by calling a toll-free telephone
number and provide some personal information, like their mother's maiden
name, to activate the credit card. The bank discovered that its security system had been foiled in dozens of
cases in which cards were activated by someone who was not the cardholder
but had access to the cardholder's mother's maiden name. Investigators for the Social Security Administration, which keeps files
maternal maiden names and records the identification number of employees
who call up files, determined that an employee at the Brooklyn Social
Security office had illegally looked at the personal records of nearly
dozen people and sold the information to conspirators, who activated
cards, said Philip A. Gambino, an agency spokesman. Based on information from that employee, the agency identified several
employees who had illegally released confidential information, often in
exchange for bribes. Those arrested this week were described as low-level
workers, including claim representatives and clerks. In 1,000 cases, credit cards were activated using information illegally
provided by the government employees, Gambino said. ``Most have been fired and the others are in the process of being
fired,'' he
said. Officials said the thieves who approached the Social Security employees
already had access to Social Security numbers and wanted the numbers run
through the agency's database. Social Security numbers are the closest
to a universal identifier that Americans have, and are widely available
public sources like college and employee ID cards and hospital tags, and
even driver's licenses in more than 30 states. The investigation has resulted in the arrests of nine people, including
Nigerians, who are accused of receiving or using the stolen confidential
information to commit various types of credit card fraud, said Brian F.
Gimlett, the special agent in charge of the Secret Service in New York. He said the stolen or reissued credit cards were used to buy merchandise,
obtain cash advances and line-of-credit checks and make illegal
from automated teller machines. Gimlett said the conspirators who approached the government workers were
not part of an organized crime ring. ``Actually, most were individual operations, but doing the same type of
crime,'' he said. ``This is another example of greedy people finding new
to compromise the security systems to financially gain from credit card
and other types of fraud.'' EFT Report: November 20, 1996
Micro Card Targets U.S. Smart Card Market
Bull CP8 Transac, of France, says it wants to help U.S. banks issue smart
cards through its U.S. subsidiary, Micro Card Technologies, of Billerica,
Mass. The company believes that 60 percent of the smart card opportunity
resides here, says Gerald Hubbard, vice president of marketing. That
is expected to grow to a total of about $100 million to $200 million by
year 2000, according to industry figures. Debit and stored-value cards are targeted as the first smart-card
to be issued in the United States. As a result, Micro Card is forming alliances throughout the card industry
penetrate the U.S. market. It recently partnered with NBS, of Plainfield,
N.J., one of the nation's largest card manufacturers. Bull's strategy is similar to that of its competitors, says Ben Miller, of CardTech/SecurTech in Bethesda, Md. All the world's major smart card firm are bringing smart card
capabilities in
from offshore and have set up acquisitions or partnerships with U.S. card
manufacturers to build strength and confidence from American bankers,
Miller says. Schlumberger, also of France, recently bought Malco. The existing manufacturing facilities are secure and card association
compliant, helping the companies earn industry trust. The firms, in turn,
receive an existing revenue stream from the magnetic stripe sales, Miller
Micro Card claims it has the longest U.S. history of its competitors. It
set up
shop here in 1984 and has since participated in several smart card
closed-system initiatives. For example, U.S. Marine Corp.'s recruits in
Island, S.C., receive their pay on CP8 Micro Cards, which are accepted at
post exchanges for cash withdrawals and purchases. Micro Card also has
been selected to provide half of the card readers in the Citibank and
Manhattan Bank smart card pilot in New York. Micro Card sells readers, encoders and several different types of cards
ranging from the basic one-issuer, multiple-application system, called
to its high-end electronic purse card that can handle multiple
from several unconnected service providers, says Hubbard. Its crypto card
uses public key cryptography to secure transactions, Hubbard says. Micro Card's systems all contain microprocessors and comply with Europay,
MasterCard and Visa (EMV) standards as well as International Standards
Organization specifications, he adds. Micro Card also is partnering with
Redmond, Wash.-based Microsoft and several smart card vendors to
develop integration standards for smart cards and personal computers. Evening Standard (London): Monday, November 18, 1996
Smart Card Code is Cracked
By Flora Hunter A Cambridge scientist has broken the smart card code, casting doubt over
the card's future as the ultimate security device. Dr Ross Anderson's work, published today, has been kept secret for six
months to allow institutions such as the Bank of England to review
security. The Cambridge University computer expert claims his methods of accessing
information from smart cards, which were previously thought impenetrable,
could be used by organised criminals using simple equipment. He is warning banks and other financial institutions to rethink their
operations, as his breakthrough could lay bare the private financial
secrets of
everyone from governments to the holders of High Street bank accounts.
Smart cards are used as identity tokens in satellite TV cards and bank
They are also used as top-level security passes at nuclear installations.
Government recently announced plans to store information such as driving
licence, tax, social security and pension details on individual smart
cards. Today, Dr Anderson said: 'For a number of years these smart cards and
processors have been marketed as tamper-proof. If you try and get into
chip using whatever method, they are supposed to be inaccessible. 'We have developed techniques that can get into most of these smart cards
and I believe they can all be accessed. Banks are moving away from
magnetic cards towards smart cards to improve security but they are going
have to think again. 'They are going to have to rethink their whole security process because
have shown the security processors can be attacked with the kind of
equipment available to any undergraduate. 'Organised criminals could use
techniques to cause disaster to financial institutions.' Smart cards can store information on a tiny microchip embedded in the
plastic which lets the user access electronic and computer systems. Banks and other financial institutions must now make immediate changes to
their sophisticated security systems, which could cost millions of
pounds. In conjunction with an American colleague, Dr Anderson has perfected
techniques that could cause havoc. Dr Anderson said: 'We have been in consultation with the Bank of England
and various national intelligence agencies. We agreed to postpone
our paper to give them a chance to look at the findings. A lot of people
put all their eggs in one basket by relying on smart cards for security.
the basket has been tipped over.' American Banker: Thursday, November 21, 1996
Wells, 31 Others Ease Downloading of Account Data from
Internet By DREW CLARK
Wells Fargo & Co. and 31 community banks and credit unions announced
that their customers will be able to download account information from
Internet with the click of a button. The technology is one of the first
uses of
Microsoft Corp.'s set of standards for electronic financial connections,
were introduced last March. Called Active Statement Technology, advocates say that it will simplify
process of transferring account files from the World Wide Web to personal
financial software programs. Making data on Web sites easier to download is likely to
encourage banking customers to go to the sites, industry
observers said. That, in turn, would offer banks more
chance to promote their services on the Internet. "Today we offer both our Quicken and our Microsoft Money customers the
ability to download information into their software spreadsheets," said
Fargo spokeswoman Janet Otsuki. But the features of Microsoft's new
technology "will allow Money customers to have a more direct and more
efficient downloading experience." The benefits of that arrangement are hardly accidental from the
standpoint of
Microsoft, which has been aggressively battling Intuit Inc. for a greater
of the personal financial software market. Intuit's Quicken leads Money
75% to 20%, according to a recent independent consumer study. Microsoft offers its technology for free to all financial institutions,
and it
encourages banks to link their Web sites so that their customers will
find a
trial offer for the Money product. Competing Web browsers will be able to download financial data, but
Microsoft Money 97 is the only financial software able automatically to
receive the information.
"We expect this will be a de facto technology that any bank would want to
incorporate," said Matthew Cone, a business development manager at
Microsoft. Others familiar with Active Statement Technology said the program's
to recognize information that has already been recorded offers a crucial
advantage over the widely used Quicken Import Format. "Comparing the Quicken Import Format to (Microsoft's technology) is like
comparing apples to oranges," responded Intuit senior vice president Eric
Dunn. "Automatic reconciling has been possible in both Quicken and Money
for over a year." By now, 275 financial institutions offer some form of PC banking, and 46
customers gain access to their accounts from the Web, according to the
Seattle-based Online Banking Report. But encouraging customers to come
over via the Web may hold benefits for banks. "Instead of starting with Money or Quicken, customers start at the bank's
Web site," said Paul Fiore, chief executive of Digital Insight. The Camarillo, Calif., company has helped 28 credit unions develop
transactional Web sites. Without having to pay Microsoft for a direct
connection, all those institutions now offer their customers the ability
download their finances easily into Money 97. How soon will that affect consumers at those institutions? Cathi
home banking coordinator at the Plano, Tex., Community Credit Union, is
already watching: "I am personally going to look to see if people are
converting from Quicken to Microsoft Money."

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:16:20
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
American Banker: Friday, November 22, 1996
MasterCard Raps Visa Security After Theft By JEREMY QUITTNER
The theft of a personal computer with several hundred thousand credit
accounts stored in its memory has led MasterCard to suggest the security
procedures of rival Visa are inadequate. The computer, stolen from Visa's
San Mateo, Calif., data processing center early this month, contained
information transmitted from point of sale machines for 314,000 active
card accounts -- from Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and
Citicorp's Diners Club.
Visa has offered to pay $20 per account, potentially $6.3 million, to
the cards. Although the five brands reacted quickly to the crime, and there has been
loss due to fraud, the incident shows how account information is
vulnerable to
fraud and theft from many directions. Michael Stenger, special agent, financial crimes division for the U.S.
Service, said criminals will go after account information wherever they
find it. "The computer is seen as a facilitator and a storage point," he said.
"The main
thing is (the thieves) need the information." Account information from the different credit card networks is commonly
routed through MasterCard and Visa processing systems from point of sale
machines, and sent to the appropriate party. "The question is, why was the information downloaded?" asked MasterCard
spokesman Sean Healy. "We don't do that type of downloading." He said MasterCard stores point of sale information on cartridges in high
security locations in its St. Louis processing facility, where it would
"virtually impossible to replicate" the Visa theft. However, David Melancon, a Visa International spokesman, contended,
"Any card company that processes transactions" downloads account
information. Jerome Svigals, a smart-card and security consultant in Redwood City,
Calif., said Visa would have downloaded this information only if it was
working in the capacity of Vital Processing Services, its merchant
arm. He added the computer probably contained magnetic stripe information,
as account numbers, expiration dates, and encrypted verification codes. "There is little or no protection against this problem," he said. Visa said it may have been an inside job, although no one has been
The thief or thieves were probably more interested in the computer
than the account information, Visa said. "We have had rigorous plant security, but obviously not secure enough,"
Melancon added. Visa, which said the vast majority of affected accounts were its own,
said it
immediately contacted all the parties involved and recommended they get
touch with cardholders. Mr. Healy said the stolen computer contained information on accounts at
of MasterCard's member banks. "We are recommending they close the affected accounts and issue new
cards," Mr. Healy said. "We are monitoring authorizations very closely
have issued a worldwide security alert." American Express, on the other hand, has chosen to monitor its own
accounts without informing cardholders. It would not specify how many of
accounts were involved. "The accounts are being monitored for fraud, but we have not found any,"
said Gail Wasserman, an American Express spokeswoman. Diners Club and Dean Witter, Discover & Co. said they were taking
measures to protect their cardholders. American Banker: Friday, November 22, 1996
Bank Group Issues Guidelines for Protecting Consumer
Privacy By Barbara A. Rehm
Retail bankers on Thursday unveiled a nine-point plan to safeguard
information about their customers. The Consumer Bankers Association is providing the privacy blueprint to
members, 900 financial institutions with more than $2.5 trillion in
assets. "We are confident that these guidelines will enable our members to
delivering top-quality service and choice while maintaining the trust of
consumers," said Pam Flaherty, Citibank senior vice president and a
member of trade group's board. The guidelines, in the works for two years, are designed to help banks
maintain customer confidentiality standards even as new technologies
information processing. For example, under the plan, banks "will limit the use and collection of
information about our customers to what is necessary to administer our
business, provide superior service, and offer opportunities that we think
be of interest to them." The blueprint also notes that banks will provide data about their
only to "reputable information reporting agencies." The Consumer Bankers issued the privacy guidelines to show the federal
government that the banking industry is policing itself and no new
are needed. American Banker: Friday, November 22, 1996
Get On-Line Quickly or Get Left Behind By JENNIFER KINGSON BLOOM and JEFFREY KUTLER Almost 600 people paid a quick visit this week to a future in which most
consumers carry smart cards, do most of their banking and shopping on the
Internet, and rest assured that their financial institutions have taken
necessary steps to ensure payment security and personal privacy. By now the bankers among the 600 have returned to a reality in which most
chief executive officers don't know much about personal computers, pay
more attention to commercial loan spreads and credit card profitability
to information technology, and still need convincing to pour a lot of
investment capital into creating the aforementioned future. The vision of the possible appeared at American Banker's second annual
conference on financial services in cyberspace. After three days of
boundless enthusiasm for electronic cash and virtual banking, these
didn't sound futuristic at all. Stirring up a revival-meeting atmosphere, Mondex USA chairman Dudley
Nigg referred to Internet banking as "the Holy Grail." But no longer does
consider it beyond bankers' grasp. Giving the opening speech Monday, the
Wells Fargo Bank executive vice president decried the industry's past sin
"giving away the branch channel for free and charging for on-line service
How ludicrous!" After Wells saw the light and dropped its fees for PC users, on-line
customers jumped from 20,000 in early 1995 to 270,000 today -- 110,000
of them via the Internet. Mr. Nigg expects two million Internet customers
five years. It provides an unusual opening, he said, to "satisfy customer needs
(while) we
lower our costs ... That's the kind of economics that chairmen in our
love to hear about, and is rare in banking. Rare is the channel where
can be driven down." Mr. Nigg, speaking the same day MasterCard announced its acquisition of
51% of Mondex International, a smart card program he fervently supports,
lived up to his keynote billing with the conference's most quotable
quote: "If
we don't get aboard this train early, we will miss it." He said technology is advancing so quickly and decisively that bankers no
longer have the luxury of waiting for lower prices or more definitive
before making a move. "If we regard this as purely hype, we will forfeit this opportunity to
who are waiting in the wings," Mr. Nigg said. "We have traditionally been
slow to step up. In the past, second-movers had an opportunity to meet
train. Today, people are waiting for us to act. If we don't do so,
else will step in and take our place." "Don't do nothing, waiting to see if Internet commerce is real," said
Inc. vice president Roger Bertman, picking up the theme two days later
discussing bank-merchant relationships. "It is absolutely clear you will
miss an
opportunity and risk losing pieces of your merchant portfolios." The Internet and personal financial management software like Intuit
Quicken are "wedges driving financial services into the home," said Adam
Schoenfeld, vice president of publishing at Jupiter Communications in New
York. Though many attempts at electronic financial services were "poorly
and executed," he said, banks are serving two million customers by PC,
more than three times that number express interest in the medium,
to a recent Jupiter-Find/SVP study. Veterans of earlier, unsuccessful attempts at revolutionizing banking
like to bat around ideas on why the 1990s are different. One obvious reason is the breakneck spread of personal computers into
consumers' homes. Huntington Bancshares senior vice president William
Randle, a conference co-chairman, cited an October survey that said 19
million U.S. households now use home computers for some aspect of
financial management. He also showed a commercial that touted the home banking capabilities of
Packard Bell's products. "When manufacturers of computers start
banking as an application, times are moving fast," he concluded. There were other ideas as well. Gaurang Desai, a vice president at
Montgomery Securities, said vendors and bankers are growing more
comfortable with one another and are working together more productively.
Henry Lichstein, a vice president and technology strategist at Citibank,
banks are learning how to market on-line services so they are attractive
consumers. Pointing out that Citibank has offered home banking for a decade, he said
program began "in earnest" last year when the bank stopped charging for
In 1996, Mr. Lichstein said, "the big change was the Internet." And David Frankel, banking business manager at the Prodigy on-line
recalled that when his company introduced on-line banking in 1988, it
fell flat.
Prodigy has spent the last eight months reconstructing its service for
Internet. "People are moving to the Internet directly at almost alarming
speed," Mr. Frankel said. "We have recognized the future of the Internet
the ultimate demise of proprietary on-line services." Several speakers predicted that the introduction this year of television
with Web browsers will jump-start home banking for the mass of consumers.
In the Jupiter Communications survey, 25% of households with personal
computers said they "would prefer to get their electronic financial
through the television," said Mr. Schoenfeld. Mr. Lichstein defined the task at hand -- "the process of anticipating
and aligning oneself to it" -- as "finding the strategic groove." Something is in a strategic groove, he said, when "if we do not step up
to the
challenge, someone else will." By that definition, Mr. Nigg was
strategic grooves for the Internet and smart cards, particularly Mondex,
which can operate as both a real-world cash substitute and a
payment transmission device. Mr. Lichstein put smart cards and consumer electronic banking in that
context. "The strategic groove in home banking," he said, "is in full
swing." Critical or dissenting voices were pretty much drowned out. Charlotte
Wingfield, a KPMG Peat Marwick partner, said she got a respectful
reception to what she called the only presentation covering the biggest
of banking distribution -- the branch. Citing a consumer survey KPMG commissioned from Yankelovich Partners,
Ms. Wingfield concluded that "the branch's demise is greatly
Her data indicated that even frequent PC users put "banking in person"
of software-based services on their list of preferences. Agreeing with Ms. Wingfield, a member of the audience who works for a
technology company grumbled about the pro-virtual majority. "They make it
sound like everybody has to be on the Internet by next Tuesday, or
toast. That just isn't the case." Even a bank executive from the Northeast who is well versed in the
and intranets said, "I think it's all hype." In one session that devolved into a small-scale cat fight among software
vendors, a Microsoft Corp. executive was trying to take the high road:
purveyors of personal financial management software divulged the number
users they had doing on-line banking, but he wasn't going to play the
game. A representative of Intuit said 400,000 people were banking on-line
Quicken and BankNow. The chief executive of Meca Software said he had
200,000 active users. When Microsoft's turn came, Richard Bray, a product manager, kept
insisting that 10% of Microsoft Money users were doing on-line banking.
When pressed for specific numbers, he would go no further. Unluckily for Mr. Bray, he was also scheduled to speak again later in the
about the Microsoft Network for the Internet. It was in that speech that
casually said: "Two and a half million people use Microsoft Money." And 10% of 2.5 million would be ... William N. Melton, founder and
president of Cybercash Inc., was torn within himself. He took a break
the American Banker conference to fly to the giant Comdex computer trade
show in Las Vegas and returned with what he termed a "manic-depressive
When he first arrived in Scottsdale, he became "manic" when he learned
the bankers there had apparently gotten religion on the subject of the
Internet. "We've been trying to talk to bankers for a long time, and said, 'The
is really here,"' he said. "I didn't think they were really getting it."
After jetting off to Comdex, though, he became "depressed" that while the
250,000 people attending the show were "all doing nothing but thinking
the Internet," they didn't seem to be moving quickly enough toward
commerce. "We've been working on SET (the Secure Electronic Transactions protocol)
for one to one and a half years, and hopefully within six months we'll
interoperability tests," Mr. Melton said with some disdain. After returning to Arizona, Mr. Melton swung back to manic mode. Hearing
details about MasterCard's buy into Mondex persuaded him that "maybe it's
going to happen." Mr. Melton was emphatic about what was needed to help make "it" happen:
he called on banks to "unilaterally issue digital certificates" to get
accustomed to on-line commerce and comfortable with evolving privacy and
security measures. Mr. Melton and Mr. Bertman, general manager of the Internet commerce
division at Verifone (another company Mr. Melton founded), acknowledged
some other impediments or potential obstacles.
"By 2000, the privacy issue will have really hit," Mr. Melton predicted.
said the negative consequences of such an explosive political issue could
mitigated by banks' convincing the public they have addressed it. But he
warned of "a huge public debate." Mr. Bertman said the industry must help consumers and merchants make
sense of a dizzying array of payment methods and options. Verifone and
Cybercash, among others, have proposed "virtual wallets" as a solution. "Technologists tend to oversimplify the payments world," he said, "but
are some very complex issues" that financial institutions are best placed
resolve. Mr. Bertman added that while most discussions have focused on the on-
consumer, bank-merchant relationships are at least as critical and have
"underestimated and under-understood." "There is a question of how many banks do you need on the Internet," Mr.
Melton said. "This is not a polite question, but it's going to become
competitive - more so than in the physical world where you are protected
the walls of geography." Mr. Melton was ready to declare victory on the security issue, saying,
essentially done." Given the availability of data encryption techniques and specifications
SET, which is being developed by MasterCard and Visa, he said: "Tell your
customers, 'Don't worry. We'll take care of it'." Mr. Bertman said the SET development process will take well into next
but the card industry should move ahead with Internet payments." Sholom
Rosen, a vice president at Citibank who has invented a computer-
to-computer electronic money system, raised a red flag. He said electronic currencies like those being promoted for the Internet
Citibank's is not among them -- raise security issues different from
those in
conventional commerce, and they are not fully addressed by "strong
encryption and protocols." For example, Mr. Rosen said, counterfeit losses are conventionally borne
the party who is discovered passing fake currency. In on-line commerce,
issuer of money -- likely a bank -- is the victim, with consequences for
solvency and systemic risk that Mr. Rosen said haven't been thought
Mr. Rosen stated in an interview that Mr. Melton and others are in an
"entrepreneurial mode" and understandably eager to embrace exciting new
things. "Comdex is fine, but banks are in the business of having to manage
Mr. Rosen said. ABA Banking Journal: November, 1996
Are You "Toast"? By William W. Streeter
Has anyone walked up to you recently and said, "You're toast"? As you
might surmise, the question has nothing to do with sun or food. It has to
with history, as in, "You're history, pal."
And that's how author Don Tapscott meant it when he used the expression
his presentation at the ABA Annual Convention last month. He was speaking about the digital revolution, and with the single word
"toast," he likely captured the collective angst of most people in the
room. As author of the best-selling book, The Digital Economy, Tapscott is a
prophet of the new order resulting from the digitizing of information.
many of his ilk, his presentation was both mesmerizing and unsettling. He
spoke of the likely disappearance of entire industries under the
onslaught of
the Internet, specifically referencing travel agents and food
wholesalers. He didn't foretell that fate for banking, but he did speak of the
"disintermediation" of the middleman. "If you're in the middleman business, start looking for a job," he said. It shouldn't take long to realize that banking falls under that heading. that traditional banking is deposit intermediation, while the more recent
additions to the business have largely been brokerage. Sounds like a
"middleman" business to us. Tapscott urged bankers to "reintermediate." We haven't a clue what that
means, but he did cite examples of several banks that have embraced the
Internet -- Security First Network Bank being one (look for an update on
next month); Wells Fargo and The Bank of Montreal being two others. There's no denying that certain business have been displaced by
The advent of desktop publishing software, for example, radically altered
"pre-press" and typesetting business that thrived pretty much since
Gutenberg. Typesetting in particular was wiped out by computers in the
space of about ten years. The function of putting words into type didn't
disappear, it was simply transferred to publications' staffs, at a
savings. Those publications themselves face a challenge with the emergence of the
Internet as a radically different means of disseminating information. Is banking similarly challenged? The answer without a doubt is "yes."
Will the
industry disappear like the typesetters? There are two considerations in
answering that question. First, the typesetting business disappeared
electronics gave publishers greater flexibility at less cost. The same
case is
made by proponents of banking via the Internet, but it's not clear yet
a majority of people and businesses are ready to do banking that way. Second, "banking" and "industry" are labels. The functions performed
those labels will of course continue as long as there is money, or more
broadly, exchange of value. If by being "digitized" a product or service or process becomes more
convenient, more flexible, or less expensive, the marketplace will
embrace it.
And it will probably do so pretty quickly. None of this says that there won't be a need for people to meet with
Maybe many "face-to-face" meetings will occur by high-quality video
connection. But all of them won't. There will still be a need to be
about something in person; to shake hands on a deal; or to look someone
the eye -- a live eye. As a proxy for this, consider that e-mail hasn't eliminated the need to
by phone, any more than telephones eliminated the need to write or to see
someone in person. Changes in fundamental technology have always caused business casualties

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:16:18
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Forbes: December 2, 1996
Cyberpower By Peter Huber James Carville once wisecracked that he wanted to be reincarnated as the
bond market. What did he mean by that? He meant that modern,
electronically connected markets are more powerful than any politician.
put it another way: The modem is redefining democracy. British Telecom timed its announcement perfectly--on the eve of the
Think of BT's $20 billion merger with MCI as an antidote to bad
government. By providing efficient, integrated global data connections,
telecommunication companies now offer voters the ultimate shopping
experience: shopping for better government. Travel the wires and see what I mean. To a degree that may astound you,
your computer and your telephone enable you to choose what you like in
way of Federal Reserve, FDIC, SEC, FDA, OSHA, EEOC, NLRB or
other cans in the alphabet soup aisles of modern regulation. The idea of choosing government is not, of course, new. If you don't like
California law on the subject, you drive to Reno for marriage, divorce or
gambling. To Mexico to buy cut-rate medicines unapproved in the U.S. To
Florida to go bankrupt or to die. The urge to take a political hike has
there all along. What has changed is the ease and convenience. In the past you had to vote with your feet. Now you can vote with your
modem, too. The Web supplies an instant global storefront. While the U.S.
market still dominates the Internet, 36% of servers are now outside this
country. Virtual establishments on the Web already offer incorporation in
Belize, bank accounts in Switzerland, currency trading in Germany,
brokerage accounts in New Zealand. International 800 numbers are
proliferating. Money, the most liquid of assets, has become the hardest to regulate.
people have always parked their money abroad when they didn't trust the
political climate at home. Today millions of ordinary investors can move
wealth between currencies and countries as fast as they can click icons
on a
screen. For some this is just an opportunity to cheat on their taxes. A Hamburg
currency trader promises "tax-free profits." A Swiss on-line banker
emphasizes "banking secrecy" and "protecting the privacy of bank
Swiss safe deposit boxes, the bank assures you, "cannot be sealed by
authorities in case of civil offenses." Other on-line offshore entities
tout "tax-free" advantages for U.S. depositors. But evading tax collectors remains a sideshow in the vast business of
international, wired finance. The center of the action involves the
legal evasion of inept central bankers. More than $1 trillion in foreign
exchange changes hands each day around the world. (By comparison,
turnover of all stocks on the New York Stock Exchange for an entire year
only around $4 trillion.) One in seven equity trades in today's world
a foreigner as a counterparty. And even illiquid assets--real estate, for
example--are increasingly being securitized and then traded on global
markets. As Walter Wriston, former Citicorp chief executive and author of The
Twilight of Sovereignty (Charles Scribner's Sons, 1992), says:
have lost control of the international value of their currency." A single
integrated world market for tradable financial assets is taking shape.
Bryan and Diana Farrell of McKinsey & Co. describe this evolution in
Market Unbound: Unleashing Global Capitalism (John Wiley & Sons, 1996).
The upshot? The prudent investor can now select investments based on the
central bankers standing behind them, just as he now chooses a stock
on his appraisal of the chief executive officer. Do you think the German
central bank is wavering? Try Alan Greenspan. If you think he is on the
wrong track, try New Zealand. Global mutual funds have limitless ability
move capital among local, state, national and international
debt, currencies, futures, the lot. By far the most effective way to vote
new government spending is to buy some other government's bonds. This
kind of balloting is in fact conducted continually--by banks, pension
and mutual funds. These are the new, private treasuries. By dispatching its capital elsewhere, the electorate can almost instantly
depress the economy and thus the government's tax revenues. For any
government that's seriously in debt, the globalization of financial
markets puts
a double squeeze on new discretionary spending. If global capitalists
faith and drive up interest rates, it isn't just new spending that costs
more, also the refinancing of old debt. The modemization of finance explains
federal government's mass conversion to more balanced budgets. As Bryan and Farrell discuss in their book, the tremendous new mobility
private capital sharply curtails government power over macroeconomic
policy. Budget planners and central bankers become little more than fancy
bookkeepers. They don't orchestrate economic forces, they react to them. Whether they talk left or right, governments worldwide have little choice
to abandon fiscally suicidal policies, most notably the practice of
long-term debt to finance current entitlements. Improvident governments
don't believe this end up like Mexico in 1995, with a collapsing peso and
overnight flight of capital. Even Washington's wisest understand the new
reality. "I used to think if there was reincarnation I wanted to come
back as
the President, the Pope or a .400 baseball hitter," Clinton adviser James
Carville quipped two years ago. "But now I want to come back as the bond
market. You can intimidate everybody." Including, of course, government regulators. Wires are imposing a strict
discipline on the regulators of private banks, too. At a recent Cato
conference on the future of money, University of Georgia economist
Lawrence H. White described how new payment technologies have lowered
the cost of wiring money from $20 to 2 cents per transaction. This opens
the world of offshore banking to small investors--and it's all perfectly
legal, long as you keep paying your income taxes. Offshore banks pay higher
interest on deposits and charge lower rates on loans because they aren't
subject to the wide array of bank taxes, mandatory insurance premiums and
antiredlining decrees imposed by U.S. regulators. For the first time,
depositors can decide for themselves whether the Federal Deposit
Corp. is really worth the price they pay in less favorable interest
rates. Securities regulation can now easily be circumvented in much the same
With stock exchanges and brokerage accounts moving on-line, you can hold
and trade U.S. equities completely outside U.S. jurisdiction. If the
& Exchange Commission goes over the edge of the regulatory Laffer
Curve--by passing rules that stifle rather than protect--investors will
easily able to move to a Swiss broker, a London exchange or a Canadian
commodities trader. The value of regulation, positive or negative,
something you shop around for, just as you shop for a trusty broker or
trading fees. Labor will never be as fluid as capital, but does follow it. The 1980s
us that manufacturing jobs could escape U.S. unions, labor laws, tort
and environmental regulators much more easily than we had realized. The
aluminum still comes from an Alcoa mill in the U.S., but some 20% of the
Boeing 777 airframe structure is built by Japanese workers at a
Kawasaki/Mitsubishi/Fuji consortium. The wings and the cockpit of
McDonnell Douglas' MD-95 are being built in South Korea. To be sure, most U.S. jobs, particularly the services that account for
54% of
the U.S. economy, are still in nontradable sectors. If you live in
Fresno, you
can't easily get a haircut from a coiffeur in France. But services do
make up over 20% of global trade, and they represent the fastest-growing
component of both trade and foreign direct investment worldwide. American
companies outsource data entry to countries in the Caribbean.
outsource product design, logistics management, R&D and customer service
across national borders, too. U.S. insurance, tax consulting and
companies send claims and forms overseas for processing. Software, films,
music, finance, advertising, and even health care and education all move
well. Haircuts? Not yet, but there's already serious talk of
telemedicine. The Boeing way of choosing labor is now embedded in the structure of some
39,000 large, transnational corporations, which collectively hold over
trillion of assets outside their home-base countries. New foreign direct
investment in the 26 nations in the Organization for Economic Cooperation
Development rose by 53% in 1995, while outflows from these countries
increased by 42%. (For cross-border holdings of tradable securities, see
chart, p. 146.) "The very phrase `international trade' has begun to sound
obsolete," Wriston says in an interview. Again, information and communications technologies are the critical new
lubricant. Many services, especially financial and anything involving
consist of nothing but information and can be moved by wire alone. Moving
solid goods still requires cheap transportation, too, but the cost of
things around keeps dropping, energy costs notwithstanding. And many of
the products being hauled--everything from cameras to cars--keep getting
smaller and lighter as they get electronically smarter. Once a manager in Detroit learns how to use the telecosm to outsource to
Toledo, Ohio, she can outsource to Toledo, Spain; with cyber power all
physical distances are roughly the same. And with this kind of global
production system in place, a manufacturing company can move jobs and
capital around like pieces on a chessboard, shopping continually for the
best-priced labor--and the best labor laws. As Norman Macrae, former
deputy editor of the Economist, foresaw some years ago, corporations of
future are not going to be nationally based, and they "aren't going to
long-lasting lines of production in settled places." Their managers will
be able
to move jobs almost as fast as governments can rewrite employment laws.
the margin, the managers of these transnational companies will adjust
portfolios of labor in much the same way as the manager of the Templeton
Growth Fund trades stocks.
So where does the globalization of labor markets leave the countless
regulators of employment and work? Whatever they address-- parental
leave, handicaps or the minimum wage--laws that deny economic reality
cannot be enforced if the jobs can pick up and leave. Much as they hate
fact, government bureaucrats are beginning to accept it. Yes, Washington
recently raise the minimum wage, but the real story there was how little
how late. The long-term global political trend is away from all such
not toward them. When she thinks of herself as "labor" the average American citizen may
like this at all. But as a consumer she's collaborating enthusiastically.
buys Nikes and Nintendos made in Asian factories. She demands profit from
her mutual fund and pension plan, not patriotic loss. Before long, she'll
for life insurance in London and health insurance in Geneva, and the
actuaries will discriminate fiercely in favor of the healthy. In the
1980s the
chief executive of Chrysler might have decided to buy a few million car
engines from Korea. Today millions of individual Americans are gaining
power to shop anywhere they please. No longer can consumers, any more
than investors or corporate managers, be economically quarantined. This means that consumer protection regulators face serious competition.
abortion now comes in a pill; there's little to stop you from buying that
an on-line pharmacy in Monaco if you have to. For years the FDA blocked
sales of kits that allowed home testing for the AIDS virus. So a South
company peddled a $100 kit on the Internet, with delivery by mail. And
owner boasted openly that he was in business to thwart the regulators
overseas. The daughter of a magazine editor I know needed a special asthma drug
the Food & Drug Administration hasn't yet seen fit to approve. Her dad
E-mailed a contact in Paris, and the medicine arrived by air several days
later. He would not have bought a drug from China or Belize, but he was
willing to trust France. The world's drug regulators, in short, compete
for his
custom. A wide range of routine diagnostic services could easily be
to U.S. citizens from laboratories in Bermuda. The Web would handle
marketing and payment. Federal Express would deliver. What holds for lab tests holds for morals and culture, too. Nevada can
dispatch strip shows and blackjack tables to any computer in Utah. If we
shut down Nevada, gaming houses farther afield will quickly fill the
void. A two-minute Web search turns up the Aruba Palms, off the coast of
Venezuela. Download free software and link into the hotel's casino for
real-time blackjack, poker and slots, as well as full sports-book action.
try out any of a dozen on-line gambling alternatives in Argentina,
Antigua or the U.K. Or play the national lottery of Liechtenstein. Use
credit card, or use E-cash if you want to make both gains and losses
completely anonymous. When it comes to pure content regulation--pornography the most vivid
example--government authorities have lost their grip completely. If you
like Utah's censors, three clicks of a mouse will put you under the
authority of Utrecht. Canada has instructed its citizens not to watch too
U.S. television. But it's laughably easy now for Canadians to buy a small
satellite dish and get subscription fees billed to a nominally U.S.
Technology has rendered completely obsolete the very idea that government
authorities can control morality and culture. Politicians may still give about these things, but everyone knows the talk is just reactionary
twaddle. All of this should be very reassuring. Most of us won't leave the
country, not
in person and not by wire. We won't have to. Competition improves the
quality of everything else; it will improve the quality of government,
too. Most
politicians are pragmatists. They'll grasp that they have to deliver a
service at an attractive price--or lose market share to the competition.
Clinton understands this. Like James Carville, he learned that the bond
market runs the most powerful polls of all. Clinton ran as a budget
conservative. The trend is already clear in monetary and fiscal matters, where the
competition for good government is the fiercest. Many of the abrupt
swings of yesteryear--overnight devaluations, for example--just don't
as much anymore. Wired financial markets are less volatile and much more
honest. Nearly all industrial countries have brought their annual
inflation under 3%. In The Death of Inflation: Surviving & Thriving in the Zero Era
(Nicholas Brealey Publishing, 1996), Roger Bootle argues that the
globalization of financial and labor markets left them no choice. Within this country, large states like California seem to be learning the
lesson. They have to stay in line on tax rates, investment climate and so
forth--or lose jobs, investment and residents to their better-governed
neighbors. And while rigorous comparisons are difficult, it does appear
industrialized nations are gradually converging toward quite similar
structures in monetary policy, banking, insurance and securities trading.
overall price that competing governments charge citizens for service--the
rate--seems to be converging, too. Take away health insurance, which some
countries book as "private" rather than "public," and you find that the
rates in industrialized countries are all quite close--much more so than
were in the 1960s. Governments that don't keep up with the competition can lose market share
fast. Years ago Delaware developed a well-designed service called
corporate law. Most big U.S. companies are Delaware corporations now.
Other states tried to protect their consumers from high interest rates.
Citibank set up operations in South Dakota to issue credit cards
nationally. In
June the Supreme Court ruled that California residents may not challenge
Citibank's late-payment fees as usurious under California law: The fees
Citibank cards are South Dakota's legal responsibility. The usury police
other states can all take a permanent vacation. We, the people, are all shipping tycoons now, with mobile wealth and
labor. We can choose Liberia's flag, for its unmeddlesome bureaucracy, or
London's insurance, for its trustworthy courts. As managers, workers and
consumers, we buy government in much the same way we buy shoes. Not
through bribes or political action committees or anything like that--we
buy it
by paying taxes and complying with the laws. But when shopping in one
government's mall gets too expensive or inconvenient, we shop in
another's. So the old political carnival, filled as it was with freaks and geeks, is
The old game of big promises on election day, soon forgotten in the
enjoyment of power, is over. Citizens now vote continually, with London,
Bonn and Tokyo on the ballot, too.

@_date: 1996-11-29 10:15:31
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
News Release (USCIB): Tuesday, November 26, 1996
Banks Making Sweeping Changes in Operations to Meet
Challenges of International Markets
Study finds international banks applying mix of reengineering and new
technology to improve operations. In an effort to reduce costs and boost
productivity, international banks are reengineering their operations
departments and updating technology at increased rates, according to a
two-year study of top international banking operations officers conducted
the U.S. Council on International Banking (USCIB) and the USCIB
Foundation. Operations departments, which generally maintain activity other than
banking or customer service, are becoming increasingly critical in
banking, due to the explosive growth of transnational business and the
convergence of commercial and investment bank activities. Such industry
developments have left many corporate clients looking for "one-stop
shopping" for their banking matters as an easier way to meet their
needs. At the USCIB Annual Conference in mid-November, it was noted that
banks are going to have to employ more agility in order to satisfy their
corporate clients' escalating demands for simplicity. The increasing cost
running an operations department is also forcing executives to take a
look at where they can trim their budgets. According to the USCIB study the annual operations department budget is
now $ 15 million, compared with $ 9 million in 1995, an increase of more
than sixty-six (66%) percent. In more than half (52%) of the operations
departments surveyed, labor costs accounted for fifty (50%) percent or
of their budgets. To reduce costs, executives have turned to reengineering and downsizing.
Thirty six (36%) percent have reengineered their departments, and of
sixty-three (63%) percent reported the action had reduced costs and
improved productivity. Nearly one-half (49%) of operations executives have either downsized
departments in the past year or plan to in the one to come. In addition,
all of
the executives surveyed plan to invest in technology over the next 12
in order to speed up operations and handle the increase in international
transaction banking. Ninety-six (96%) percent of respondents say they
invest in technology, up from eighty-nine (89%) percent in 1995. Just under half of surveyed operations departments use a technology
that is over three years old, and sixty-three (63%) percent of
buyers expect to spend more than $100,000 to replace or upgrade aging
equipment in the next year. The U.S. Council on International Banking (USCIB) is a national
representing more than 320 U.S. and foreign-based financial institutions
operations or subsidiaries in the United States. One of the oldest U.S. banking associations, the USCIB works to
standardize international banking rules and practices, serves as advocate
U.S. and international regulatory bodies on policy issues that affect its
membership, and provides training and information to bankers throughout
United States. This study included 55 of its members and other executives and was
conducted in late July and August, 1996.

@_date: 1996-12-03 09:08:12
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Washington Post: Monday, December 2, 1996
Folks Who Welcome Charge Cards
By Daniel Grant
In days past, one measure of someone's wealth was the thickness of his or
her wallet.
Nowadays, many consumers carry hardly any cash at all, relying instead on
the cards issued to them by major credit card companies. Most
self-employed people and those who work out of their homes recognize that
an increasing number of the people who buy from them are more likely to
pay with a credit card than with cash or a check. A benefit of being paid by credit card is that, first, by not carrying
amounts of cash or checks one is less vulnerable to robbery and, second,
financial institutions credit one's bank account faster for a payment by
card than for a check. As a result, more and more self-employed individuals are seeking
authorization from banks and other financial institutions to accept
payment by
credit card. Banks that issue Diners, MasterCard and Visa cards, however,
have become increasingly wary of extending such authorization to
entrepreneurs. "Citibank is no longer accepting applications for credit card processing
home-based operations," company representatives in the bank's Merchant
Services section are instructed to say. Other banks say the same, citing
recurring problem of mismanagement and fraud on the part of these
entrepreneurs. Problems include refusing to resolve complaints from
customers, going out of business, running into debt and declaring
relocating elsewhere without revealing their new addresses.
Clyde Heasly, an adviser to entrepreneurs at the Small Business
Administration in the District of Columbia, says, "I just tell people to
call the credit card department of bank after bank after bank until someone
eventually will take care of you." Some people will do just that. Others
directly to American Express (800-445-2639, ask for Establishment
Services) or Discover (800-347-6673), which grant permission to accept
payment by these cards directly, without the intercession of a bank. An ongoing problem for banks is the merchant's lack of a "storefront," a
business address where the seller can be found most weeks during business
hours. "I was told by a number of banks, 'If you don't have a storefront,
can't be a credit card accepter,' " says Ed Duggan of Boca Raton, Fla.,
with his wife, Helen, makes teddy bears out of recycled fur coats, which
sell at arts and crafts shows. "When I finally found a bank that would
let me
process credit card receipts, it charged me 5 percent on all sales plus
charges plus verification charges, and there may have been some other
charges." Other sellers who are often on the road say they have had the same
experience: "I had been banking with this East Dallas bank for 12 years,
establishing a good history, but when I asked to process credit card
nothing about me was good enough because I didn't have a storefront,"
Sharon Johnston, a jewelry maker in Dallas, who largely sells her work at
shows or through mail-order. "Finally, I made up a 3-by-5-foot storefront
a friend's gallery in order to have a store address that wasn't my home
address." Both the Duggans and Johnston eventually moved their credit card
processing accounts to Electronic Card Acceptance Corp. in Alexandria,
which set up merchant accounts for them at banks, lowering their fees to
1.75 percent of sales. There are a number of bank brokerage firms to which sellers of all kinds,
including those who work out of their homes, may apply for permission to
accept credit card payment. The largest include Seattle-based Card
International (206-608-1364), First Data Resources in Omaha
(402-222-2000), and First USA Payment Tech in Dallas (214-849-3776),
as well as Financial Alliance (800-928-2273 or 502-339-0595) and
National Processing Co. (502-364-2000), both in Louisville. Such companies arrange approval for merchants through banks that are
willing to take on the risk, accepting some or all of the major credit
There also are several hundred other companies around the country, known
as independent sales organizations, or ISOs, that look to sign up
for these brokers as well as for certain banks. Most ISOs belong to the
Electronic Transactions Association (3101 Broadway, Suite 585, Kansas
City, Mo. 64111; 800-695-5509). "We probably work with about 20 new customers a month," says John
Carro, president of Tri-State Merchant Services in Hauppauge, N.Y. "A lot
of them sell by mail-order or telephone, and it is often a type of second
additional income. We get almost all of them through referrals from banks
who don't want to handle them because of the perceived risk factor." That risk, Carro says, is the potentially weak financial situation of the
merchant who may be able to sell items but not have money (or other
collateral) in the bank in the event of "charge-backs" -- a dissatisfied
customer wanting his or her money back. The bank, or whoever processes
the charges, ultimately is responsible for those debts. Whether applying to a bank or bank brokerage company, American Express
or Discover, all applicants are asked for basically the same information:
name, address, Social Security number and telephone number (also, home
address and telephone number if the applicant's place of business is
elsewhere); the applicant's bank; how long in business; what products are
being sold; the average price for products sold; how the product is
annual or monthly sales volume of sales; the state sales tax number or
tax identification number; business references (suppliers, patrons, shops
galleries). Additionally, the applicant may be asked to submit federal tax statements
the preceding two years and/or bank statements for the preceding three
months. Applicants are asked how they plan to process credit payments. There are
two main methods of processing credit card receipts: manually, using an
imprinter and later that day processing the charges into an
computer and transmitting them via modem to the bank or bank brokerage
company; and electronically, through a point-of-sale terminal, of the
kind one
often sees used in restaurants and department stores. The benefit of the point-of-sale terminal is that approval of the credit
takes less than a minute, reducing the risk factor for fraud. Such
however, generally cost far more than the software required for the modem
method, and they also require separate telephone lines, which may not be
available at many arts and crafts shows.
The credit companies check business and credit references (through the
sources as a mortgage broker), the applicant's financial history and
relevant information. For instance, Card Services International will hire
local appraiser to examine where the applicant works, taking photographs
the person's house, sales booth and studio in an attempt to determine the
viability of his business. The approval process normally takes one to three weeks. As anxious as
people may be for a credit company to approve them, they should shop
around for the best rates, which vary widely. American Express, for
has no application or setup fees, and it charges merchants an average of
percent (if the sale is processed electronically) and 4.5 percent (if the
sale processed manually) for each sale. (Working with American Express is
complicated in that one does not submit charges to the company and,
instead, must use a third-party processor, which involves an extra
charge.) Financial Alliance, for its part, takes 2 to 3 percent of the sales price
(depending upon the volume, lowering the rate for higher sales), but it
charges a $ 125 application fee, a $ 7.50 monthly statement fee,
fees of 20 to 30 cents per sale and adds a $ 695 charge for the purchase
the imprinter, computer terminal and modem (for transmitting charges back
the company) and credit card decals. Other companies' rates range from 2 to 5 percent (depending upon the
average price of the pieces sold, with higher rates for less-expensive
and there may be application and monthly maintenance fees. Some
companies sell point-of-sale terminals to customers for less than others,
their percentage rate may be higher. Thus there are several factors to
in selecting one company over another. Different companies also have their own prejudices. American Express does
not allow its cards to be used when selling as a wholesaler to retail
for instance, and Financial Alliance is unwilling to authorize credit
activity for all but the smallest amount of mail-order sales.
"Mail-order is a high-risk business," says Dave Lutrell, sales manager at
Financial Alliance. "You don't know who's calling in. They can have
fraudulent cards. It's better when you can see the customer." Boston Globe: Sunday, November 24, 1996
Rocking the Cradles of Capitalism By Maria Shao
Harvard Business School and the Sloan School of Management at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, rivals in the samll world of elite
business schools, are separated by much more than the Charles River.
Harvard, renowned for turning out the future chief executives of America,
long ben a citadel of general management education. Sloan, with a
for producing financial wizards and high-tech managers, has grown up
the umbrella of one of America's premier technology universities. Now, in
era when business schools are jockeying more than ever to attract top
students, Harvard and Sloan are, in some ways, tring to become more like
each other. "I'm the poster child for poets," declares Sarah Fulkerson. Indeed, the
28-year-old majored in the philosophy of religion at Williams College,
a graduate degree in art history, and, for four years, owned and managed
Boston Banshees, a men's professional bicycle racing team. So what's she doing at the Sloan School of Management? Students such as Fulkerson are proof that the business school at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology has moved beyond its image as a
training ground for "quant jocks" and computer nerds. No one could be happier about that than Glen L. Urban, dean of the
44-year-old business school. A marketing specialist and sometime
Urban has followed celebrity economist Lester C. Thurow -- his

@_date: 1996-12-04 07:34:24
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Bank Mutual Fund Report: December 2, 1996
Consumer Bankers Association Adopts Privacy Guidelines The Consumer Bankers Association has adopted a set of voluntary "best
practice" privacy guidelines that it will offer members for use in
their own consumer financial privacy programs. This is becoming
important as banking regulators continue to scrutinize banks' sales
of investment products and insurance. In a related announcement, CBA said that it has scheduled an information
workshop for Dec. 9, where member banks will discuss the implementation
of privacy guidelines and other steps that can be taken to improve
privacy protection. In adopting the guidelines, CBA stressed that customer confidentiality is
long-standing and essential principle of banking; but it noted that
developments in technology have made it easier for financial institutions
other companies to collect, store and analyze data relating to their
The guidelines are intended to help member banks keep their privacy
in step with these advances in technology.
"Our director of government relations, Marcia Sullivan, worked closely
a committee of Board members for more than a year to design these
guidelines," said Joe Belew, president of the Consumer Bankers
"All of us are proud that their efforts have put our industry in the
forefront the drive to keep pace with technology in protecting consumer privacy." "We worked closely with privacy, marketing, and database experts to give
our industry this blueprint for consumer privacy," said Pam Flaherty, a
member of CBA's Board of Directors and a senior vice president of
Citibank. "We are confident that these guidelines will enable our members
continue delivering top-quality service and choice, while maintaining the
of consumers." The announcement of the new guidelines was welcomed by experts who
study issues surrounding consumer privacy. "I applaud CBA for taking this
first, industry-wide step to further protect customers' privacy," said
Westin, professor of public law and government at Columbia. "These guidelines should give consumer bankers a solid foundation on
to base their future privacy protections, especially as they move toward
consumer financial products such as smart cards, money cards, and
banking." The CBA workshop on customer information is being conducted in
partnership with the Washington law firm of Morrison & Foerster. The
one-day session will be attended by retail bankers, compliance managers
database marketing managers of the member banks. "Consumer privacy concerns are an understandable result of the advent of
virtual information systems," said L. Richard Fischer, a partner with
& Foerster and author of "The Law of Financial Privacy," adding that,
"this is
clearly the time to champion such industry-wide guidelines."
Houston Chronicle: Sunday, December 1, 1996
Gtech Loss 'Significant'; Penalties Light in Welfare Card
Launch BY POLLY ROSS HUGHES
Persistent problems with the Lone Star card -- widely credited for
food-stamp fraud -- could have cost the company behind it $ 7 million in
penalties had state officials not let it off the hook. Despite losing a ""significant'' amount of money during the first year of
operation, Transactive Corp., a subsidiary of the controversial lottery
operator Gtech Corp., insists that Texas' Lone Star card for welfare and
food stamp benefits is a model of success.
Likewise, Comptroller John Sharp last month sent out a press release
the statewide launch a year ago "a successful experiment in welfare
reform. ''
But a box full of documents obtained under the Public Information Act
the darker side of what Texas Department of Human Services spokeswoman
Jessica Shahin calls the ""yin-yang'' of government contracts. The Lone Star card is the nation's first grand-scale system to issue
benefits through a private technology company. The card, which resembles a credit card, replaces food stamps at the
store and can be used to withdraw welfare benefits. Use of the card could
expanded to include unemployment insurance, child support collections and
other government payments. Texas is also the first and largest state planning to privatize the
screening of
welfare applicants. State officials intend to arrange a much larger, $ 2
contract with a private company to handle that job. But a look behind the scenes of the Lone Star card could prove helpful as
state moves toward more public-private partnerships. The history of the
contract shows what can happen when the state tries to do too much too
quickly with too little money.
Just as the statewide start-up was about to begin, problems with the
help line for retailers and customers were so bad that DHS officials cut
payment to Transactive for three months. "The Lone Star Help Desk continues to function at an unacceptable
Bob Ambrosino, DHS' director for the project, wrote to Transactive
at the time. "One thing is quite clear. Transactive is not providing the
level of service promised in the contract. '' To make matters worse, the start-up months were marred by several system
shutdowns and technical glitches that made it impossible to process Lone
Star sales electronically. Several grocers complained of lost sales, and
customers went home with less food as a result. Grocers could ring up $ 50 with handwritten vouchers, but only if they
approval via the help line. If they couldn't get through, they could ring
sales of no more than $ 25 -- "extremely risky transactions subject to
Ambrosino said. Complaints rolled in. Among them: A grocer in Midland said he tried
unsuccessfully all day to get through to the help line. ""He stated the
rings and rings -- he literally let it ring over 100 times -- and no one
picks it up,'' reports say. The Lone Star system shut down for 10 days near Christmas at Big B Food
Store in Karnes City, but the help desk repeatedly advised the owner to
unplug the machine and try again later. This didn't work. When the grocer
finally asked to speak to a supervisor, the help desk hung up on him --
In San Antonio, a retailer said he tried for five months to get a
installed. He called the help desk four times seeking the equipment and
time was told it would arrive in a week. It never did. DHS itself complained of several breaches of the contract terms,
Transactive reports that were habitually late, inaccurate and sometimes
incomprehensible. ""This was an extremely ambitious project. It had a very short time
Ambrosino said in a recent interview. "The complexity, the size and the
frame all added to the risk. '' The other obstacle was skimpy funding, stemming from federal and state
requirements that the Lone Star card system had to cost the same as the
paper food stamp system. The contract is worth about $ 224 million over
seven years. Three bids were made for the contract, coming from
Transactive, Deluxe Data Systems with EDS, and Citibank with Lockheed
Martin. "All three vendors had a problem with the fact that we had a limited
of money,'' Ambrosino said. "The bids all came in too high and we had to
start all over. '' In the second round, Transactive prevailed. "Absolutely, no question,
down, it was the best bid,'' Ambrosino said. "It provided the most
for the amount of money that was available. '' One of Transactive's
that proved decisive in winning the contract, records show, was a
help line. The outcome of the bidding drew formal protests from Deluxe
Systems, which argued that Transactive's lack of experience should have
disqualified it. Since awarding the contract, DHS officials have documented more than $ 7
million in fines they could have assessed because of Transactive's
but the agency never did so. Ambrosino said his contract management team
chose instead to hold the possibility of penalties over Transactive as an
incentive to improve while the system was relatively new. He also said that DHS withheld $ 6 million in payments to the company
during the statewide start-up as an alternative to actual fines. As the
made improvements, DHS reinstated the held-up payments in early 1996. However, last week, after inquiries from the Houston Chronicle, DHS
decided to fine Transactive $ 345,300 for foul-ups occurring in May, June
and July. Assessing the damages had been recommended as early as Oct. 8
in an internal memo to Ambrosino from Hank Dembosky, DHS' Lone Star
contract manager.
Nearly half of the fine is related to an AT&T network failure on July 11,
problem that set off a chain of negative reactions. Retailers again had to process Lone Star sales manually but couldn't get
quick enough authorizations, resulting in lost sales and "associated
inconveniences. '' Finally, with a flood of retailers dialing the help
line for
authorizations, calls from cardholders with questions were abandoned. The fine includes $ 60,000 for slower system response times than the
government requires, a failure that has occurred every month since the
Star card went statewide. Additionally, there is a penalty of $ 135,300
late or inaccurate reports. Meanwhile, Transactive reported "significant'' losses for the fiscal year
in February 1996 and predicted more losses to come in the current fiscal
year. Parent company Gtech's most recent annual report points to
investments exceeding $ 61 million for electronic benefits systems to
its business in Texas and start-ups in Illinois and Mississippi. Transactive received $ 24 million from Texas in the state's fiscal year
ended in August, said Shahin, the DHS spokeswoman. Gtech's report to stockholders says Transactive plans to increase sales,
costs and line up more business in other states. If the plan fails to
turn the
losses around ""within a reasonable'' time, the company would consider a
joint venture. Failing that, Gtech could be required to recognize a loss on part of its
Transactive investment. Transactive is betting on a dual strategy to make
start-up investments pay off, said company spokesman Marc Palazzo. First, it is banking on the Texas contract as a selling point for winning
similar contracts in other states. Transactive also hopes to snare more
should Texas expand the government benefits it distributes through the
Star card. Transactive won't say how much of its Lone Star investment went toward
solving major problems. But Ambrosino said he believes the company was
forced to pour millions into perfecting the system. "Certainly there have been problems that have developed during the
implementation of this system,'' said Palazzo. ""This is a new system. In
project of this size those issues are to be expected. I think the program
working, and that is the bottom line. ''

@_date: 1996-12-06 15:14:10
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
New York Times: Thursday, December 5, 1996
Stock Hyped On Internet Resumes Trading
By LESLIE EATON
Peter Usinger was incensed. The Rochester business consultant was using
Internet, as he often does, to check up on a little company he had bought
stock in called Omnigene Diagnostics Inc. But when Usinger reached the company's site on the World Wide Web, he
did not find the usual information about its patented test to diagnose
disease. Instead, he read that the company was in default on the license
agreement that lets it use the patent -- the company's main asset.
Usinger fired off an angry electronic message to the Web site manager,
had put up the information. Usinger correctly suspected the site manager
embroiled in a dispute with the company. ``If you are not able to
your claims and we have to take a financial loss,'' Usinger wrote, ``we
notify our lawyers.'' The manager, Robert Gibson, shot back his own e-mail, with enough details
to convince Usinger. And that was the beginning of the end of a
high-technology hype that had turned Omnigene Diagnostics stock from a
dud into a high flyer almost overnight. Within two weeks, the Securities
Exchange Commission halted trading in the stock and announced its action
on America Online, the agency's first such use of an electronic bulletin
With the expiration Wednesday night of the trading suspension, the
cyberspace drama resumes Thursday. If the stock follows the usual
pattern, it
could well fall back to earth with a thud. The Omnigene Diagnostics story shows the effects Internet technology is
having, for good and bad, on investors and investing. Reams of
are available -- but truthfulness and accuracy can be almost impossible
judge. Amateur investors find their way to obscure securities and mingle
online with both stock promoters trying to drive prices up and
trying to drive prices down.
But the tale also illustrates the changes occurring in the still young
world of
Internet investing. Securities regulators are becoming more aggressive
online stock fraud; at the same time, individual investors like Usinger
becoming warier and starting to use the power of the Internet to protect
themselves. ``A lot has changed -- dramatically -- in the last six months,'' said
John a lawyer for the SEC who specializes in Internet fraud. ``There was a
culture of trust and benevolence; now people are becoming more
skeptical.'' And not a moment too soon. Online investing is growing by leaps and
bounds; with that growth has come a corresponding rise in scams,
manipulation of small stocks with few shares outstanding. ``It's a growth
industry,'' said William McLucas, the director of enforcement for the
SEC. Regulators are investigating several suspected ``pump and dumps,'' in
the Internet is used to stir up investor enthusiasm and inflate prices.
perpetrators, who usually own shares they acquired for little or no
sell them into the rising market. When the scam falls apart, legitimate
investors are left holding the worthless shares. To be sure, such schemes have flourished for decades without the
And the Omnigene Diagnostics story includes some traditional elements of
stock hype, including the use of a radio talk-show host, who was paid
stock to promote the company. But the Internet was integral to the rise and fall of Omnigene
which is based in West Palm Beach, Fla. The stock was touted on
bulletin boards; clues about the company's problems first appeared on its
on the World Wide Web; the details were fleshed out using e-mail, which
was also employed to alert regulators, and the company's management took
to the Net to defend itself before the SEC stepped in online. When Omnigene Diagnostics first showed up on Internet bulletin boards in
early October, virtually identical messages praising the company appeared
different boards, signed with different names. These messages said the
company had no competition, had already racked up sales of $400,000,
would have revenues of more than $2 million next year and had only
tradeable shares. Urging readers to call the company's 800 number for
information, the messages concluded, ``This could be your stock buy of
year ... Take a look NOW.'' By then, the share price of Omnigene Diagnostics, known as ``Oh My God''
because of its ticker symbol of OMGD, had already jumped from $1, where
it traded over the counter -- very occasionally -- in July, to about $4.
But as
the Internet messages flew, so did the price, topping $6.50 by
mid-November. Even early on there were voices of caution. ``Oh no, not another FL
company,'' wrote someone on America Online's Investor Network. ``I have
heard that a lot of scams originate out of Florida.'' Other writers noted
the company did not seem to have filed documents with the SEC, and was
not traded on an exchange. But naysayers were quickly shouted down by writers who accused them of
trying to profit from a drop in the stock price. The boosters hinted of a
with Procter & Gamble, and cheered each day's rising price with lines
``I'm going to ride this train to the gold mine. Toooot!! TOOOOT!!'' Meanwhile, the Internet was helping to bring together two men with a
different view of Omnigene Diagnostics: Robert Gibson, a computer
programmer in Florida, and Peter Mahler, president of the company's
parent, Omnigene Inc. of Cambridge, Mass. With sales at its diagnostics unit declining, Omnigene Inc. sold the unit
in May
1995 to the American Biodental Corporation, of Boca Raton, Fla., which
makes dental implants. Though its testing operations continued in
Omnigene Diagnostics was to be run from Florida. But almost from the beginning, things went wrong, Mahler said. Omnigene
Diagnostics quickly fell behind on its rent and royalty payments to its
parent. Most of its staff quit, and Mahler's company went to court to
evict its
one-time subsidiary. Though the company dropped the suit after receiving
payment, Omnigene Diagnostics still owes it money, Mahler said. Even worse, people were confusing Omnigene Inc. with Omnigene
Diagnostics and its troubles; another spinoff, Omnigene Bioproducts,
mistakenly had its credit shut off, Mahler said, adding, ``It's an awful
situation.'' But the final straw for Mahler may have been Omnigene Diagnostics' Web
site, which had the address  The site was operated by Gibson, the computer programmer, whose main
business includes running Web sites for legal process servers. Last year,
at an
Office Depot store in West Palm Beach, Gibson bumped into an old
acquaintance, Dominic Scacci, and eventually agreed to do some
programming for businesses Scacci was involved with, which included
Omnigene Diagnostics. In fact, Gibson said, he ended up sharing an office
with Scacci, who used his phones, computers and copier. But like Mahler, to whom he had spoken about Omnigene Diagnostics'
computer system, Gibson said he was having trouble getting paid. The
company did not seem to be doing nearly as much business as Scacci said.
And earlier this fall, Gibson began to have suspicions about what Scacci
up to. ``The company was always short of money, and suddenly Dominic drives up
in a new car,'' Gibson recalled. He also found a list, left in his
computer by
Scacci, that indicated the company had been issuing hundreds of thousands
of free shares to Scacci's other companies, his friends and family,
said. ``It started to smell,'' he said, so he called the SEC. Shares also went to Jerome Wenger, host of ``The Next Superstock,'' a
program that is heard on radio stations around the country, including
in New York. In an interview, Wenger said that he received the stock for
serving as a consultant to bring the company to investors' attention, and
he discloses such arrangements to his listeners. On Oct. 31, Mahler sent an e-mail to Gibson complaining that the Web
address infringed on his trademark and saying that unless the site was
removed immediately, ``legal action will result.'' Instead, on Nov. 3, Gibson changed the first page of the site to the
that so irked Usinger, the Rochester investor. (Gibson also took his
equipment out of the office he had shared with Scacci.) Which brings the story back to the angry e-mail sent by Usinger, who had
bought several hundred shares of Omnigene Diagnostics in October. After Gibson replied to his message, Usinger said, ``all the little
tricks you see in shells and scams started surfacing like little bubbles.'' So he
decided to
send some information to the SEC's online complaint division. He also
decided to sell his stock, at a nice profit. As Usinger and a few other investors began posting their information on
bulletin boards, a free-for-all broke out in cyberspace. Some people
Usinger for trying to make people panic and sell their shares, and bulls
bears got into online shouting matches. Messages signed by Scacci appeared, saying that Gibson owed him money
and had encoded the company's computer data. ``He demanded $10,000 to
give us the key,'' read one such message posted on Nov. 7 on a bulletin
board on the Silicon Investor Web site. ``I refused. This is when he
to proceed to send falsehoods out over the Internet.'' As for the default on the patent license, a message on America Online
Scacci6733 said that Omnigene Diagnostics ``owns the patent purchased
from Omnigene Inc. It's as simple as that.'' But there were a number of things Scacci did not tell people in his
A former stockbroker with a history of regulatory run-ins, Scacci has
filed for
personal bankruptcy protection twice, according to regulatory records. Scacci was the agent for something called the Austria International Fund,
which was based in the Bahamas, according to documents filed with the SEC
by American Biodental. These filings say that it was really the fund, not
American Biodental, that spent $189,000 to buy Omnigene Diagnostics. Omnigene Diagnostics was spun off in January, shortly before American
Biodental filed for bankruptcy protection. But American Biodental's
shareholders never received any OMGD shares, said Ingo Kozak, a director
of American Biodental, which has changed its name to Biolok International
Inc. Scacci said in a brief interview last week that, on the advice of his
he could not answer questions about the Omnigene situation. But he said
previous regulatory difficulties were basically problems with
And he denied being the agent for the Austria International Fund. On Nov. 20, the SEC said it was suspending trading in Omnigene
Diagnostics' shares for 10 business days, the maximum allowed. The
questions about the company's ``alleged ownership and other rights as to
certain patents and trademarks, ODI's sales, past and projected, ODI's
operations and facilities, and the number of freely traded shares.'' The SEC posted a notice of the halt on America Online's bulletin board
because ``it looks like one of the vehicles people were using to
disseminate a
substantial amount of hype'' about the company, said McLucas, the
enforcement chief, adding that he expects the agency to make similar
electronic announcements in the future. Whether the SEC will go after anyone it believes has hyped the stock
electronically is unknown; the commission never comments on current
investigations. The company's fate will become clearer Thursday, when trading can resume

@_date: 1996-12-12 06:11:34
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Mondex USA Partners Look to Ambitious '97 Tests
By VALERIE BLOCK The seven owners of Mondex USA have ambitious plans for 1997. Wells Fargo & Co. and AT&T Universal Card Services -- the two original stakeholders and now
owners of 30% and 10%, respectively, of the smart card system -- are
furthest along. Wells has issued
800 cards to employees; AT&T, 200; and both plan to expand the pilots
next year.
Chase Manhattan Corp., with a 20% stake in Mondex USA, had planned to
begin testing MasterCard
Cash on New York's Upper West Side by March, but its switch to Mondex
will force a delay until the
fourth quarter. Even so, Janet Hartung Crane, president and chief executive of the joint venture, said, "In 1998, we will
roll out" nationally. Chase's pilot, with 50,000 cards and more than 500 merchants, would be by
far the biggest. Speaking last week at the Bank Administration Institute's Retail Delivery
'96 Conference, where
Mondex USA was officially unveiled, Ms. Crane, a Wells Fargo senior vice president, said Wells
would expand its San Francisco headquarters pilot in 1997. The bank also
plans to test card usage on
the Internet, look for a cobranding partner, and install the technology
on a university campus. AT&T senior vice president Keith Kendrick said he expects to expand the
test at his Jacksonville, Fla.,
headquarters in the second quarter, along with an Internet pilot, taking advantage of Mondex's ability to
download value via smart phones. First Chicago NBD Corp., another 10% owner, will begin testing in the
third or fourth quarter with 200
headquarters employees and 12 merchants. Dean Witter, Discover & Co. is "still formulating its plans," said
William Simmons, executive vice
president of its Novus Services unit. It is looking to get its feet wet
on a university or corporate campus.
Ironically, Discover is now in bed with MasterCard -- prospective
majority owner of Mondex
International as well as 10% owner of Mondex USA -- despite Discover's
thorny relationship with
banks. John R. Mannion, a Novus director, noted that all the Mondex USA partners are fierce
competitors. Michigan National Bank -- owned by National Australia Bank, a Mondex
global founder -- is planning
a test at its headquarters beginning in late spring with a fraction of
its 3,
000 employees. Still, winning over merchants and, thus, consumers may be difficult in
the United States. The
high-quality, low-cost telecommunications infrastructure that underpins magnetic-stripe card systems
weakens the case for a costly conversion of point of sale terminals to
smart cards. At a BAI seminar just after the Mondex announcement, where Michael J.
Shade, vice president of
Verifone Inc., and Fred J. Stephens, manager of technology for Shell Oil
Co., discussed the migration
to smart cards, one observer called them "a solution looking for a
problem." Mr. Stephens said the investment, close to $60 million for his company,
is hard to justify. While card
executives argue that chip cards reduce cash-handling costs and
transaction times, Mr. Stephens said it
might require reduced interchange fees, personal identification numbers
on credit cards to reduce fraud,
and cost-sharing to tip the scales in smart cards' favor. Other types of merchants will have other high-priced demands. Visa U.S.A. and its partners in the Visa Cash rollout in Atlanta shared
the lessons they had learned at
the conference. Michael Love, a First Union Corp. vice president, said merchants are "interested in
sales lift." As for the business case, "stored value can ride the railroad, but it
will not pay for it," said Richard F.
Shaffner, executive vice president at NationsBank Corp. Guardian (Manchester): Saturday, December 7, 1996
Surfing Superhighwaymen
By David Gow And Richard Norton-Taylor Carlos Arario, head trader at the Argentinian firm, Invest Capital,
picked up the phone and called
company director, Roberto Barbosa. "You had better get down here," he
said, "we've been raided."
Barbosa stared with horror and disbelief at his screen in his Buenos
Aires office. Some $ 200,000 had
disappeared from his firm's account with Citibank, one of the world's
biggest banks, overnight. "We were very, very surprised when we opened the cash management account.
There were four wire
transfers made out of that account without our authorisation and
anonymously sent to four unknown
destinations." Barbosa alerted Citibank executives at 111 Wall Street, New York. That
was August 1994. For the
rest of the year, Citibank's anxiety made its Argentine client's problems
appear minor as its executives
watched in panic while nearly 20 of their accounts - worth about $ 10
million - were plundered. Citibank's marketing department proudly offers the transfer of funds in
any currency straight into a
client's account "quickly, easily and cost-effectively" as part of its
"wide range of international banking
facilities". But the world's fifth-largest bank appeared to have been
hoist by its own petard. A hastily-assembled "war-room" on Wall Street watched impotently as its clients' money flowed quickly
and easily, and at no cost, into accounts in California, Latin America,
 Israel, and the
Netherlands. According to US court indictments, Citibank accounts held by Indonesia's
Bank Artha Graha,
Argentina's Banco del Sud, and Invest Capital SA, were raided with tens
of thousands of dollars
assigned to accounts set up elsewhere. Citibank's war-room began a global detective hunt as they realised their
bank was in danger of
acquiring a new image as victim of the world's first grand larceny via cyberspace. Others who have
hacked into computerised cash transfer systems were insiders. The hit on Citibank is presented in the
US as an outside job.
Superhighway Robbery, an Equinox programme to be broadcast on Channel 4 tomorrow night,
suggests it was perpetrated by the Russian mafia exploiting the poverty
and disenchantment of
high-flying technocrats under post-Soviet capitalism. At the centre of a continuing Citibank-FBI investigation is Vladimir
Levin, a 29-year-old Russian
computer programmer and former biotechnology student from St Petersburg.
He is accused by the US
authorities of being the person who hacked into the bank's computers and carried out the attempted
multi-million-dollar fraud from a laptop at the St Petersburg offices of
AO Saturn. That is a shabby software and accountancy firm run by a group of
mathematicians and scientists who
were losing out on the Croesus-like wealth enjoyed by the entrepreneurial
Russian nomenklatura and
criminal elite. "The salary at the Institute (St Petersburg's Technological Institute) I
was receiving was very low and I
was too ashamed to ask for money from my parents," says Levin in an
exclusive interview. Computers,
he says, were "one of the symbols of perestroika. Unfortunately, since perestroika there was so little
money being given to research and science a lot of scientists left Russia
and went to other countries
where money was more available." Citibank's war-room traced an unauthorised money transfer -- allegedly
the result of Levin's hacking --
to banks in Switzerland and St Petersburg. But the saga did not end
Evgueni Korolkov -- a Russian who moved to the US for a better life --
set up two Californian
companies, Shore Co and Primorye. His wife, Ekaterina Korolkova, opened personal accounts at the
San Francisco branches of the Sumitomo, Pacific Union, Great Western, and
Wells Fargo banks as a
conduit for cash from unauthorised Citibank transfers. In August 1994, Ekaterina Korolkova was arrested by FBI agents as she
tried to withdraw stolen
money from one of her accounts which, they had discovered, was the
destination of some of the
Argentinian money. She agreed to co-operate with the FBI who persuaded her to enlist her
husband, a former employee of
AO Saturn, to help track down the perpetrators. The FBI told him they
would treat him and his wife
leniently if he played ball and gave the name of the hacker. He pointed
the finger at Levin.
Desperate to find hard evidence linking Levin to the crime, the FBI also contacted the Russian police.
An official St Petersburg Special Branch video of what it claims to be
the contents of AO Saturn's
office shows computers, guns and Levin's passport. Meanwhile, Russian mules -- charged with picking up stolen money from
foreign accounts -- were
arrested elsewhere as Citibank managed to recover a little over half the
$ 10 million loss it initially
feared. Among them was Vladimir Voronin, who was arrested in the Netherlands
where he was about to
collect $ 1 million from Rotterdam's ABN AMRO bank. "It was not because I
liked to do it, I had to
do it," he says. He was extradited to the US where he pleaded guilty; in
return he agreed go cooperate
with the investigation. Tomorrow night's programme reveals that, around a year before the alleged
Levin conspiracy was
plotted, another hacker -- known only as Megazoid -- was the first
Russian to break into Citibank's
computers. Megazoid, a mathematical wizard obsessed with computers, remains
anonymous for fear of criminal
gangs anxious to acquire his skills, which he claims enabled him to
navigate the Citibank network
undetected for months, penetrating secret files, using a computer and
modem he bought for $ 10 and a
bottle of vodka. But he also claims to know the origin of the attempted $ 10
million-dollar scam.
 Megazoid, it is alleged,
did not work alone. One of his fellow hackers, a regular surfer on the
 got drunk and depressed
one night -- and sold the secrets of how to break into Citibank for $ 100
and two bottles of vodka. The buyers are said to be the mafia who allegedly used AO Saturn and,
claims Janet Reno, the US
Attorney General, in a formal extradition request, Vladimir Levin. On
March 3 last year, Levin was
arrested at Stansted airport. Levin, who proclaims his innocence, has
spent the past 21 months in
Brixton prison, and yesterday he won a provisional right to appeal to the
House of Lords against
extradition to the US. He has told his lawyers, who are seeking his return to Russia: "I have
never committed any crimes and I
do not wish to be sent to America, a country to which I have never been,
where I have no home, no
relatives, no friends and no money with which to defend myself. I
consider my detention here in England
to be both illegal and a breach of human rights." The significance of the alleged conspiracy, with some of the players
tried and convicted, some released,
others on the run and yet more unknown, goes beyond the issue prompted by
Megazoid's "career". It
highlights the vulnerability of financial institutions' computer systems.
Mike McKenna, former Citibank vice-president in charge of technology,
talks openly of "years of
neglect" during which the bank amassed 10,000 employees in technological services, 1,500 consultants,
and, most tellingly of all, 3,400 subsidiaries in almost 100 countries.
And, he relates, virtually each
daughter-firm, certainly each country, had its own protocol for accessing
the Five years ago there were 200 home-grown protocols, what he describes as
"an orchestra with many
people with different violins playing different tunes", rather than a full-scale symphony in which strings,
horns and percussion talk to each other. The Bank for International Settlements, Bank of England, and Bundesbank
have recently issued
warnings about the threat posed by electronic money and open-access computer-networks like the
Internet bulletin boards. There is even talk of "off-planet" banking --
banks on Saturn and Jupiter
reached by satellite. "These transfers can take place from anywhere," Dietrich Snell, a New
York attorney told one of the
many US court hearings on the Levin case. "You have the right user ID and
the right password and the
right computer equipment, the hardware, and so long as you know what
you're doing on the computer,
you can get into the system literally anywhere." Says Bill Marlow, a banking security consultant: "Let's put it in
perspective - the average bank robbery
nets you $ 1,900, gets prosecuted 82 per cent of the time and you could
get shot. With a computer you
see $ 250,000 and get prosecuted less than 2 per cent of the time . . .
these figures are staggering. It's
safer to go and buy a computer than a gun." Citibank said in a statement last night that it had lost less than $
400,000 in the scam. "No customers
have lost any money," it said, adding that the accounts that were hacked
into were not encoded. It has installed an access control system, Des-cards, which uses
passwords altered after each time they
are used. "Citibank," the statement said, "is a leader in the financial services industry in fraud
American Banker: Tuesday, December 10, 1996
Microsoft Shows It's Catching On and Catching Up By DREW CLARK A year after chairman Bill Gates set out to mend fences with the banking community, Microsoft Corp.'s
transformation into a bank ally looked virtually complete at last week's
Retail Delivery conference. Through product giveaways, educational efforts, and old-fashioned public relations, Microsoft
established its bona fides more convincingly than ever at the Bank Administration Institute conference. And there was evidence that Microsoft is gaining where it really counts

@_date: 1996-12-13 10:14:55
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Agence France Presse: Tuesday, December 10, 1996
Visa to Launch Trial Electronic Money Services in Tokyo Visa International said Tuesday it would experiment with electronic money
services in central Tokyo [Shibuya district] for about 18 months from
June 1998 with Japanese commercial banks and credit card companies.
The US-headquartered international credit card firm said it would be the
world's largest experiment in terms of the size of participating
companies and cards to be issued. The project will be joined by five Japanese commerical banks -- Bank of
Tokyo-Mitsubishi Ltd., Dai-ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd., Fuji Bank Ltd.,
Sumitomo Bank Ltd., and Tokai Bank Ltd. Five Japanese credit card companies, including Credit Saison Co. Ltd. DC
Card Co., Sumitomo Credit Service Co., Million Card Service Co. and UC
Card Co., will also take part in the trial. Visa said it hoped to use the experiment to assess commercial feasibility
customer affordability before introducing full electronic money services.
Visa plans to install its electronic money terminals and issue more than
100,000 cards, including those with built-in integrated circuits, for the
experiment. Visa said it had already conducted an electronic money experiment in
Atlanta during the Summer Olympic Games. The company is also preparing to
try similar systems in Hong Kong and Australia.
American Banker: Thursday, December 12, 1996
REPORTER'S NOTEBOOK
Home Financial Network Offers Web Software
By DREW CLARK
The house lights dimmed and music started blaring. Smoke billowed out
from the stage and red-and-white lights flashed onto an audience of
Despite the rock-concert atmosphere, complete with an emcee peering out
from giant video screens like a live-action "Max Headroom," most of the
audience in the Dallas Convention Center Arena was in suits. Welcome to Retail Delivery '96, the new-wave Bank Administration
Institute conference covering all that is new and exciting in financial
services technology. Having grown into banking's biggest convention, with more than 7,000
people and some 350 exhibiting companies, Retail Delivery made bold
promises. Promotional brochures said it would go "beyond the buzzwords." Frank Feather, the Canadian banking consultant in the Max Headroom role,
said the event would "unlock the secrets of how to make real money off
technology." When the "virtual" Mr. Feather introduced Robert W. Gillespie for the
keynote speech last Wednesday, the KeyCorp chief executive officer drew a
laugh from the audience by declaring: "This may be the way to start
shareholder meetings." Mr. Gillespie and the master of ceremonies were the first of a parade of
speakers referring to the dramatic change the industry is undergoing. Mr.
Gillespie captured the spirit by describing how his company, the "New
Key," is evolving in three directions: national consumer finance,
corporate banking, and community banking. His multimedia computer presentation took the audience through a virtual
branch and displayed video clips of KeyCorp executives including Steve
Cone, its renowned marketing strategist. Mr. Gillespie showcased a
marketing campaign so unified that the voice of Anthony Edwards, the
company's star ad spokesman, is also heard when consumers dial into
KeyCorp call centers. Branding is big in retail banking, nowhere more than at Banc One Corp.
The point was reinforced by Kenneth T. Stevens, chief executive of Banc
One Corp.'s retail group, who previously worked at Pepsico and its Taco
Bell subsidiary. "Strong brands get winning price-earning multiples," he said, which
translate into easier entry into new markets and the ability to resist
competitive  attacks.
"Historically, banks didn't need branding because of location," Mr.
Stevens said. "With the leveling of competition, the control of brand
names will be essential." He said banks' problems are typified by the jumble of logos on automated
teller machines -- a stark contrast to the clarity of Coke and Pepsi. Despite such doses of high-level retail strategy, technology held
center-stage. The enthusiasm about it was palpable, fueled by the
appearances of executives from the Silicon Valley companies Intel Corp.
and Sun Microsystems Inc. Generally admonishing the audience to get on the highway before it's too
late, both spoke to banking issues. Intel executive vice president Frank
Gill demonstrated remote banking with interactive video; Sun CEO Scott
McNealy was critical of bankers' willingness to turn technology
management over to others. "I can see a forestry company outsourcing information systems because
their assets are in the ground," Mr. McNealy said. "But a bank's assets
are information. Outsourcing (for banks) is a self-imposed lobotomy. It's
like Budweiser outsourcing beer manufacturing." At the closing session Friday, Mr. Feather came out from behind the big
screens to discuss his own keys to the future. Foremost, he said, is the
Internet -- "the biggest thing ever in human history. It is not a
technology,  but a socio-economic system changing the way we live." Yet some bankers still "don't get it," Mr. Feather said. They prefer to
think of the Internet as a passing fad, like the videophone, or an
important but slowly evolving technology. Referring -- though not by name -- to Citicorp chairman John Reed and his
prediction that full electronic banking would not be mainstream for 50 to
75 years, Mr. Feather dismissed it with a barnyard epithet. He suggested
Citicorp is just trying to throw its competition off-balance. Mr. Feather's counterprediction: Within 25 years, there will be no full-
service branches or tellers in North America. "Tens of thousands of branches will be closed, the entire distribution
system will be rationalized," he said.

@_date: 1997-01-02 08:08:58
@_author: Ronald Raygun Remailer 
@_subject: Copyright violations 
Happy New Year.
Associated Press: Monday, December 23, 1996
Three Credit Card Firms Seek To Promote Internet Shopping Three credit card companies on Monday announced an agreement on chip card
standards in an
effort to promote shopping on the Internet. Europay International, MasterCard International and Visa International
said in a statement that they'll
integrate in chip bank cards a technology developed for safe electronic payments. The agreement is based on the Europay-MasterCard-Visa specification,
which established the
financial industry's first global chip card payment infrastructure, and
on MasterCard and Visa's
Secure Electronic Transactions specification for magnetic stripe-based
card transactions. Guido Heyns, director of 'smart card' development at Europay
International, said in the statement
that the Belgium-based company believes chip cards are the most secure
and solution for making payments on the Internet. Steve Mott, senior vice president of MasterCard International, agreed. 'Consumers and merchants
want to conduct transactions over the Internet in a safe manner. By
integrating chip and electronic
commerce technologies, we are offering them the opportunity to do so as
quickly and practically as
possible.' An open comment period on the new standard will begin in the third
quarter of 1997, according to
the statement. American Banker: Monday, December 23, 1996
As the Technology Advances, Security Debate Still Rages
By JEFFREY KUTLER
In one of the more startling public statements by a banker in 1996,
Citicorp chairman John Reed
said it would take two generations -- 50 to 70 years -- for on-line
electronic banking to gain full
public acceptance. Taken out of context, his remarks to a Treasury Department conference on electronic money
sounded like an invitation to complacency, or a dose of disinformation
from one of the world's more
aggressive purveyors of electronic financial services.
But Mr. Reed chose his words carefully, citing a lesson learned from his 30-plus years at Citicorp:
Banking markets, and society generally, take time to change. He seemed to
suggest that
high-technology advocates can become so enthralled with the elegance of
their systems and
convinced of their viability that they overlook the most common of all constraints: consumer
"Privacy and security are at the top of the list" of consumers' concerns,
the Citicorp chief executive
said. "They won't deal with anyone who doesn't give them assurance."
While "some early innovators
will be your electronic banking customers," he said, "the average
consumer is not there yet and isn't
going to be there" for some time. "This is not a question of economics or
efficiency. It is a question of
trust. The consumer will have to trust you. The Internet is fundamentally
flawed in that regard."
Essentially alone among the major U.S. banking organizations, Citicorp
has been openly wary of
Internet security and refrained from joining the rush to interactive
banking and monetary transactions
via the World Wide Web. Mr. Reed and his senior technology officer, Colin
 have publicly
expressed interest in and enthusiasm for the Web but not yet for
transactional When Mr. Reed was asked during the Treasury conference in September when
Citi would offer
Internet banking, he replied, "Not until it's secure." "There is no
absolute security," said Mr. Crook,
perhaps the only banker raising concerns about an "information warfare"
attack on the banking
system. "It is a risk management issue."
The Citibankers contend the risks of cyberspace are fundamentally
different from those in other
payment systems, and have yet to be addressed.
"Security will be more demanding than even the government itself is used
to," Mr. Crook said at the
Treasury meeting
 serves more customers via personal computer than any other, through conventional dial-up
connections and with software it developed more than a decade ago. Citibank also has placed a bet on a digital currency for on-line
transactions, the invention of one of
its own vice presidents, Sholom Rosen. The bank claims it will be more
secure than competing
alternatives like Cybercash Inc.'s Cybercoins, Digicash Inc.'s Ecash, and
the smart-card-based system.
Putting considerable prestige and intellectual firepower behind its
cautionary principles, and behind
the notion that the issuing of electronic currency should be reserved for
regulated financial
institutions, Citicorp has kept alive a debate that is likely to resound
for months if not years in public
policy circles, with effects not just on the battle for technical and competitive superiority but on the
very consumer behavior Mr. Reed is trying to gauge.
Consider some recent twists and turns: The U.S. government continues to struggle toward a policy
on data encryption, the technology crucial to on-line transaction
security, that would be agreeable to
the high-tech community while addressing national security and law
enforcement A May 1996 report by the National Research Council of the National
Academy of Sciences --
Citicorp participated in and vocally endorsed the study -- criticized the
government for being
backward with its restrictions on encryption, particularly regarding its
 (See related article on
page 14A.)
Hewlett-Packard Co. in November announced its International Cryptography Framework, the first
"strong encryption" method to get U.S. export clearance. While the
framework is adaptable to
various and changing government policies, it did not fully resolve the controversial issue of access to
encryption keys. An information security team at the National Security Agency produced a monograph (excerpted at
left) critical of the degree of anonymity built into Digicash's Ecash.
The NSA, of course, is part of the
establishment attacked in the National Research Council report.
Digicash and Mondex, which is being taken over by MasterCard
International, continually trade
charges about their degrees of anonymity and security. Both sell
anonymity of payments as a
necessary analogue to cash. In that Digicash's anonymity appears more
absolute, it may raise more
governmental concerns. But Digicash, the brainchild of the renowned cryptologist David Chaum,
accuses Mondex of not being "true electronic cash." First Virtual Holdings Inc., an Internet payment pioneer, does not trust
Web security; its transaction
data flow instead over private E-mail. By contrast, Cybercash Inc.
chairman William Melton is so
confident of the available technology that he tells bankers: "Security is
essentially done. Just tell your
customers, 'Don't worry, we'll take care of it.' " (He is more worried
about privacy as a political
Enter the central banks of the Group of 10 industrialized countries, the constituents of the Bank for
International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland. This august global
regulatory body has signed off on
a moderate, largely laissez-faire approach to the electronic evolution of
A task force empaneled by the G-10's payment and settlement systems
committee, which is headed
by Federal Reserve Bank of New York president William McDonough, spelled
out its conclusions
in a 64-page booklet, "Security of Electronic Money," dated August 1996. The task force was generally impressed by existing security capabilities,
particularly those
incorporating hardware components like smart cards. The report took the eight-member task force
less than a year to complete. Chairman Israel Sendrovic, the New York Fed's executive vice president of
automation and systems
services, asserts that this was no rush to judgment. He personally did
due diligence on all of what he
calls "the usual suspects" -- the electronic money schemes not mentioned
by name in his report (but
presumably in this article).
In a recent interview, Mr. Sendrovic stressed that there are no
absolutes. "There is no such thing as
one secure measure," he said. "It's a combination of measures, and the combination of measures
changes the risk management of an attack."
His measured response to a lot of questions - pertaining to money
laundering or the market potential
of electronic currency and how it is to be regulated -- was, "It
depends." He did say, in response to
the recent flurry of questions about smart card security emanating from Bellcore and other research
laboratories, that the cards were advertised as "tamper-resistant, not
tamper- proof." Mr. Sendrovic said his panel has disbanded, satisfied with its work and
having gotten positive
feedback. "Then again, it didn't break new ground," he said. "Remember,
it was designed not for the
cognoscenti but for the Group of 10 governors. "We stay in close touch and follow these things," he said of the task
force, adding that it may have
cause to renew its inquiry in a year or two. Though the task force
acknowledged security risk assessments of the entire system" are still lacking, it
said they are within reach. And its words lacked the alarm or urgency of, say, the Citicorp
contingent. Sholom Rosen, inventor
of Citibank's Electronic Monetary System, characterized the risks as
"very high" and not yet fully analyzed. Digital cash gains legitimacy when it
is interchangeable with other  forms of money, he said, but its
interactions with those systems -- how an attack on one mechanism would affect others -- must be studied.
And he said he believes the answers do not lie in technology alone but in
the fundamentals of the "three pillars of security" -- prevention, detection,
and containment. Where Mr. Rosen sees enormous hazard, Mr. Sendrovic
retains faith in barriers to entry, as might be  expected of someone who
has worked with the dependable Fed Wire for many years.
To be legitimate, electronic money "has to be cleared," he said. "At some
point  it has to get into the payment system." Is "the payment system" at
risk of infection from the new  forms of money? Based on what we know so
far, it depends.
 ABA Banking Journal, 12/96
SMART CARDS POSE TAX PROBLEM FOR MERCHANTS  A consensus is emerging that the success of smart cards hinges at least
as much on merchants accepting them as on consumer acceptance. Increased
tax liability is one reason for merchants' muted enthusiasm -- besides
the fact that merchants are the only ones so far being asked to pay for
using smart cards."There's a resistance to forms of payment besides
cash," said Bruce Brittain, whose firm Brittain Associates, Inc., polled
merchants that participated in the smart card test during the 1996 Summer
Olympics in Atlanta. Some merchants admitted to understating their cash
receipts so as to reduce their tax burden, he said. (Smart cards leave an
electronic audit trail by recording deductions in card value each time
merchandise is purchased.)  On the flip side, franchisors may push for
the adoption of smart cards in their stores, since some Atlanta operators
told Brittain, "We want to collect more fees from our franchisees." (The
franchisor's cut of the receipts will be reduced if the franchisee
understates his receipts.) Other sources said they heard the same thing.
The wish to under report receipts may pose a greater obstacle to smart
cards when they undergo their next major test in New York City next year,
because more "Mom and Pop" stores will be participating, Mr. Brittain
