
@_date: 1998-01-17 07:35:55
@_author: Alexandre Maret 
@_subject: Swisskey: Swiss issuing office for Internet certificates established 
Swisskey: Swiss issuing office for Internet certificates established
Zurich/Berne, 18 December 1997 - Swisscom, Telekurs and DigiSigna have
established the joint venture Swisskey and thus laid the foundations for
secure electronic commerce in the worldwide web. The certificates issued
by Swisskey are available to individuals and companies and enable clear
and secure mutual identification in the Internet. Swisskey will be
registered in January 1998 and will start offering its services on the
Internet at  in the second quarter of 1998. Electronic commerce has good future prospects: telebanking and
teleshopping in the Internet and the secure exchange of EDI messages
between applications are some of its possible applications. So far,
however, service offers and their acceptance have both been limited,
since service providers and customers cannot identify each other
immediately and are dependent on bilateral agreements. Electronic certificates are the solution to this problem. They offer
mutual trust in the otherwise anonymous field of electronic commerce.
They allow users to be identified and texts to be signed digitally and
encoded in such a way that only the recipient can read them. Users can
obtain a certificate from a registration office by showing some form of
identification. Possible registration offices are post offices, Swisscom
shops, banks and chambers of commerce. "The Swisskey joint venture aims to encourage the development of
electronic commerce in Switzerland by offering a customerfriendly,
secure and upgradeable certification service," explained Swisskey
Managing Director, Christian Graber. Swisskey will offer SSL certificates as supported by all common Internet
browsers (X.509 certificates), Edifact certificates for EDI messages and
application and companyspecific certificates for uses such as Intranet
applications. Swisscom Ltd and Telekurs Holding AG each hold 47.5% of Swisskey AG and
DigiSigna (an association of chambers of commerce of Switzerland and the
Principality of Liechtenstein) holds the remaining 5%. DigiSigna also
aims to win international approval for the Swisskey certificates. For questions:
DigiSigna Otto Müller Tel. 01 / 221 07 42
Fax. 01 / 221 76 15 Telekurs Holding AG Bernhard Wenger Tel. 01 / 279 22 20
Fax. 01 / 279 23 36 Swisscom Sepp Huber Tel. 031 / 342 13 00
Fax. 031 / 342 13 10

@_date: 1997-11-15 23:13:55
@_author: Alexandre Maret 
@_subject: trusting untrusted platforms 
Here is the problem: how to make sure that an untrusted
computer really run the code you ask him to run.
Practically, we can take the example of the RC5 contest.
If I ask an untrusted computer to search for the key in
a particular sub-keyspace, how can I make sure that this
machine really looked for the key, and that it doesn't
just say "the key is not in this block, give me another
block" just to get higher in the stats...
I've heard about smartcards being helped by ATMs, so
maybe this could be a direction to look into...
Any pointer, info, help, ... very appreciated
  alex

@_date: 1998-01-03 05:35:59
@_author: Alexandre Maret 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
it is a GSM network, however, I doubt that they try to know more than
just the cell you're in... but you never know
yes... except that everybody but Mr.Drug Dealer use these mobile
phones (marketed under the name "Natel-D"). In switzerland, you can
buy GSM phones that works with prepaid cards. No trace, no name. The
location can still be pinpointed, but nobody know who's owning the
phone. This is called "Natel Easy" (what a name). It cost much more,
but depending on the business you're conducting, it's not a problem...
To conclude: everybody is watched, except Mr.DD...
this is the problem in switzerland. When I first heard about this
story (and believe me, it's not the only one of that kind... it's
not even the worse), I tried to ask people around me to see what
they think about this, and I was amazed by their reaction. "There
is no problem, I'm not doing anything wrong." The media are
beginning to relate this kind of facts, but the people are still
incredibly naive.
One more thing we can say about this story: Switzerland's telecom
market is now free (since 1.1.98), and this story may give some
people (altough I'm not sure...) a reason to change their telco
(when possible).
Another fact of the 1997 year in switerland:
the largest retailer in switzerland (Migros launched the M-Cumulus card. Each time you buy something by Migros,
you can present this card and get a 1% rebate (wow...) and you may
also get special rebate "tailored to your needs". But, to get this
card, you have to sign an agreement that allows Migros to record
what you buys. On the 20th november 1997, 1.6mio of citizen were
in the database (about 1/4th of the swiss population). When requesting
this card, you also provide the name and date of birth of each
in the household (you're not forced to do so, but 97% of the
M-Cumulus owners filled this information).
The federal government was supposed to issue a warning. If a warning
was issued, I may have been sleeping at that time...
Swiss Federal Data Protection Commissioner: mostly empty... not a word about these 2 stories. you see how the
swiss people are informed...
  alex

@_date: 1998-01-03 21:49:44
@_author: Alexandre Maret 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
The LPD (law on data protection) :
The LPD states that you can get a copy of your database entry printed
on paper, for a cost of max 300SFrs (about US$200), unless some special
cases which have to be specified in the law. Since the debate is based
on the fact that there is no legal text that allows swisscom to record
these informations, there is no legal text that allow them not to
communicate your informations on request. I'm not a jurist, but it
may be an interesting path to follow.
If they store the location of your phone every 3 secs, for 6 month,
this means 5'241'600 locations. Printed on 70 lines/page paper,
this means 74'880 A4 pages. Do you think they'd be happy to print
and send you 74'880 pages for 300SFrs ?
There is certain rules that allow them to postpone your request.
However, they have to tell you before. Just wondering what would
happen if 100'000 people asks for their last 6 month of positions...
Last month, I was thinking about launching a web site to inform
swiss citizen about these issues. A kind of swiss EPIC. However,
I can't do this alone.
If anybody is interested by this idea, drop me a mail.
hmmm... no need to become more paranoid, enough is enough.
swisscom does it. They log all the internal/external mail of their
  alex

@_date: 1998-02-24 05:52:11
@_author: Alexandre Maret 
@_subject: Re: return.C -- performance tracking tool (fwd) 
this is not a financial mailing list.
and this code is not C++... it just needs a C++ compiler to
compile. real C++ code doesn't use fprintf, scanf, nor strcmp...
  alx
