
@_date: 1996-07-07 02:20:00
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Net and Terrorism. 
Not so long ago, when Moslems were fighting the Soviet Union in Afghanistan,
they were heroes to the western world, supplied arms and money enough to
destabilise the whole region. Once the Soviet menace faded, the same
fighters were branded terrorists. Mixed signals like this are responsible
for much of the animosity that one finds in the Islamic world (possibly even
in other parts of the world) against the US.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta

@_date: 1996-07-08 18:13:40
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
I sent Tim's original post to a psychiatrist friend, who responded:
Ritalin is a lifesaver for a small % of children who suffer from a condition
characterized by hyperactivity and poor attention span.  These kids (usually
boys) may be bright as hell but fail in school because they can't sit still
or pay attention; they get made fun of, they behave badly, get depressed,
it's a mess.  Some of them (milder cases) respond to behavior modification therapies which
involve training of the parents and teachers to have realistic expectation,
recognize the specific difficulties the kids have, set them goals, reward
them for achieving them, give them disincentives for misbehaving etc. Others
really do need Ritalin.  It's a relief not just for the parents and teachers
but for the kids to be able to sit still and pay attention and learn and
succeed and be liked etc.  Most of them grow out of it by their mid-teens. However, there are many more kids on Ritalin than there need to be; some
teachers pressure parents to get kids put on it... I know one very bright
little girl who's bored out of her mind in school, the school refuses to
move her up a grade or give her more challenging work to do, instead
complain that she is not paying attention and suggested that she be put on
Ritalin... mother was furious.  Some of the kids who use foul language (a very small %) have Tourette's
disease, and also need medicine (a different one)... by and large the
politically correct thing is sometimes to label a kid as sick rather than
bad or spoiled, this is probably why drugs are over-used.  But we can't
throw the baby out with the bathwater!
By the way, some old people who are severely depressed after a stroke also
do well with Ritalin and don't respond to any other antidepressants...
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-08 18:50:39
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
I think we've all been exposed to awful teaching in some aspects of our
upbringing, but experience taught us otherwise. I love the anarchist poster
that says, "We are the people whom our parents used to warn us about." Just
because you were taught hate, doesn't mean you won't outgrow it. My mother
was active in the freedom struggle against the British, and told me enough
horror stories that I grew up hating them. But once I met some perfectly
decent specimens, it evaporated.
If the hate persists, there is likely to be reinforcement in the form of
injustices, further bad experiences, etc.
India is a large, diverse country with lots of injustice, poverty and other
problems. When we analyze what breeds terrorism, we find aspects such as:
- Severe neglect by the government (i.e. problems keep getting worse): For
instance, the north east (which is east of Bangladesh, and has a long
history of militant opposition) had to agitate for a long time to even get a
railway line to connect them to the rest of the country.
- Meddling by politicians: in Punjab, there was a Sikh regional party that
was quite strong. To erode its popular base, Indira Gandhi encouraged the
fundamentalists on its right. Similarly, Rajiv Gandhi's government helped
train the Tamil LTTE. Both paid for these blunders with their lives, at the
hands of the very groups they had once tried to foster.
- Disenfranchisement: In Kashmir, most elections were rigged, as the central
government pretty much admits now. Interestingly, some of the leaders of the
terrorists were polling agents at the time of the previous elections, and
were quite disgusted at what they saw.
No, but give the people the conviction that they can get their problems
redressed legally, that they can win political power peacefully, and
basically not let problems fester for so long that all trust in government
is lost, and people will be far less likely to take to arms. Phoolan Devi (seen "Bandit Queen"? Great movie) was a dacoit, supposedly
responsible for serious massacres. She went to jail, now she is an elected
member of the federal Parliament. That is a great message to send to the
poor and deprived. The cynic in me sees this as a way of depriving the poor
suffering masses of their leaders, by co-opting them into the ruling elite.
But there is no shortage of followers eager and willing to take their place.
I've had a similar experience. I was part of the Indian delegation to a
couple of Amnesty International International Council meetings. In this
organisation, multiracialism and multiculturalism are heavily promoted. But
if you looked at delegations from Europe, even from countries with sizable
racial minorities, they were typically all-white. The US delegation, on the
other hand, had blacks, different kinds of Asians, Hispanics... and not by
design -- the US section leadership is highly "mixed", so they did not have
to think about multiracialism, it just happened. Of course, given the
"melting pot" ethos in the US, this is hardly surprising.
However, every society has its blind spots. Communism is a real US phobia.
The way you treat puny Cuba I find truly amazing.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-10 17:42:01
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Minitel "saved" by hackers? 
I'm reviewing "Cultures of Internet: Virtual Spaces, Real Histories, Living
Bodies" edited by Rob Shields. Chapter 2, "The Labyrinth of Minitel" by
Andre Lemos tells a fascinating story, after you get past the verbiage in
the introduction (sample: "If modernity refused the artificial, and deepened
separations and dichotomies, postmodernity tries to surpass well-established
dichotomies, not in the dialectical sense through sublimation and synthesis,
but more in the direction of making a place for dialogical complexity").
This may be old hat to cypherpunks, but it seems that the system, conceived
as a videotex system, was hacked: "At the end of 1981 the messaging software
... was pirated by some users planning to communicate between each other in
real time. Through this detournement -- literally, a 'hijacking' was born
the messagerie." These included games dialogs in real time and postings.
Soon there was the "messagerie rose", the sex stuff  -- which generated most
of the revenues. As Claire Ancelin notes,"the public has not hesitated to
manifest tastes often opposed to those foreseen by experts, this public has
not hesitated to make a serious information tool into a frivolous
communication tool."
So, shocked by this, what does the government do? Being unable to
distinguish between different kinds of messageries, the government put a 30%
tax in 1989 on all, and raised it to 50% in 1991! No wonder the Internet is
gaining rapid popularity in France.
My questions: 1) are any of those 1981 French hackers on this list or known to people here?
2) I checked out "Minitel history" on Alta Vista, and since my French is
very modest, downloaded The French Minitel: Is There Digital Life Outside of the "US ASCII" Internet?
A Challenge or Convergence? by Jack Kessler, and
THE MINITEL SUCCESS by Dr. Michel Berne.  Surprisingly, neither mentioned
the 1981 hijack. Can anyone suggest better references?
3) Kessler raised a controversial point: "Centralized control -- its
political as well as its social and economic manifestations -- is relatively
untested. Some fans of the Internet even deny the possibility of centralized
control in their version
of "Cyberspace". Yet such control is the single greatest issue of networked
information to many Asians. Minitel's approach, which is so different from
the Internet's celebrated de-centralized structure, provides useful
comparisons for both systems to consider.
The question for networking's next generation is what will scale up for
Asia? To meet this challenge, some "convergence" -- some pooling of talents
and approach, combining the sophisticated with the simple, the academic with the
commercial, the decentralized and chaotic with the centralized and
bureaucratic and controlled -- might not be such a bad idea for both the
Internet and the Minitel to pursue now."
Do you know of any country in Asia or elsewhere favoring the Minitel
"centralized and bureaucratic" model over the Internet?

@_date: 1996-07-11 09:36:06
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Minitel "saved" by hackers? 
True, but as I understand it, there was also a hacking involved: they took
the original software, modified it (what I would also call hacking) and made
it freely available: that is what made the messageries possible. If I'm
using the technical terminology wrong, thanks for the correction.
I'd love to find out exactly what happened.
More than that, we do!
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-12 23:19:43
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Another bad idea 
Damned right, and it should. Your religion teaches to "DO UNTO OTHERS AS YOU
WOULD HAVE THEM DO UNTO YOU." Good advice for anyone on the Internet, and
the last thing you want to teach newbies is to spam.
Imagine if you were to send the cypherpunks list unsolicited porn, info
about some prisoner in Texas who is getting the death penalty... you get the
picture. If I were at the receiving end, I'd send back a polite but firm
note asking you to desist, and if you didn't, complain to your sysop, or
remailer operator. Which is what you would do in my shoes.
But if you want to do something, I have a better idea (thanks for the
willingness to help):
As  I see it, the Chinese communist government will not live to see more
than a few years (if any) of the 21st Century. We are all aware of the
devastating impact of telecommunications, TV and computers on  authoritarian
regimes.  E.g. in the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Easterners watching West
German TV was a significant contributory factor.
Satellite TV is available all over China.The government may, for a while, be
able to ban satellite dishes, but soon their size will reduce to that of a
wok (might even double as one). The Internet will soon be widespread. The
real crunch will come when Hongkong becomes part of China. Inevitably, other
parts of the country will want to know why the special status of Hongkong
cannot be extended to them. There is a chance that instead of China taking
over Hongkong, the reverse might happen.
In cyberspace, the students have the more powerful tanks. Can you imagine
how different a massacre a la Tiananmen Square would look in a couple of
years? Images captured on camcorders would be beamed back to the Chinese via
satellite, all the information would flow both ways on the net, the Hongkong
stock market would take a dive, ... I would suggest that tacitly or at least
implicitly, the Chinese goverment has conceded that it will never try a
major violent suppression of political unrest again. That, or it will decide
that the Internet is a bad influence, and should be abolished.
What that does is give us a window of opportunity. Hongkong has one
remaining  year of guaranteed unfettered flow of information. China still
has the Internet. What can we do?
1) Collect the e-mail addresses as Allen suggested (including those in
Hongkong), and send them a single, short message offering to teach them free
of cost how to use pgp and all the goodies at
2) Encourage the production of simple, cheap devices such as a PGP phone
that they can manufacture in Hongkong and other parts of China, which will
allow secure communications. Basically, people without a computer, Internet
connection or sufficient literacy should be able to use effective
encryption. Cheap.
3) Find people who beam radio transmissions into China (Rupert Murdoch via
his Star TV satellite is one ;-) and ask them to devote an "Internet hour"
in which people can mail or phone in messages (via remailers and encryption
too) to be broadcast. The whole thing can be automated, and  *everybody* has
access to radio. More on this subject later.
Arun Mehta, B-69 Lajpat Nagar-I, New Delhi-24, India. Phone 6841172,6849103
amehta amehta amehta
"I do not want my house to be walled in on all sides and my windows to be stuffed. I want the cultures of all the lands to be blown about my house as freely as possible. But I refuse to be blown off my feet by any."--Gandhi

@_date: 1996-07-13 08:52:17
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Minitel "saved" by hackers? 
Thank you for the correction. I checked Andre Lemos' original, and he uses
both terms. To quote, "Through thie detournement -- literally, a 'hijacking'
was born the messagerie. By hacking and then making available the bulletin
board software, a counter-current to the French technocratic approach
produced a usage of the system which was never a planned objective."
Slightly inaccurate.
Once again going back to the original: "In 1986 the first roadside
billboards for the messaggeries rose appeared (picturing, for example, a
robust male or a woman with slogan '3515 BUSTY', the online address of a
Mintel rose chat service). French traditionalists were outraged and Charles
Pasqua, acting Minister of the Interior, attacked the gay messagerie Gay
Pied. Worse, the French state gains 36% of the total charges paid. Taxes on
all the messagerie services became the order of the day. France Telecom has
no way of distinguishing between the messagerie rose and any other board or
messagerie. In 1989 the government tax was 30% and in 1991 a 50% tax was
imposed in the hope of eliminating all messageries."
That's seriously innacurate, it seems to me: but I would appreciate some
confirmation before I attack the guy in my review. Will check out the urls
you suggested, problem is during the monsoons the phone connection to my ISP
keeps dropping.
Has FT ever denied permission (to hard-core sex servers or neo-Nazis, for
example)? That, the tax they charge and the prohibition of encryption make
it too centralized for my taste. And will ultimately kill it. The longer the
French take to migrate to the Internet, the worse for them (IMHO).
Why not link up videotex in every country with the Internet? Let people surf
the Web using their TVs and remotes (and maybe a keyboard with an infra-red
link). That's what I'm trying to tell our utter failure of a videotex
service in India.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-13 08:36:15
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: ANNOUNCEMENT: PGPfone Beta 7 Now Available for Download 
Sorry if this has been discussed before (please point me in the right
direction if that is the case), but VSNL, my government-owned ISP (which
also has a monopoly on all international traffic) made me sign that I will
not use my Internet connection for voice traffic. Is there any way they
could find out if I were using PGPfone, or rather, could I prevent them from
finding out?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-13 13:34:34
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Destabilizing China's Government with Strong Crypto 
Is there a good hacker handbook, telling you how you can do things your
government won't let you, something along the lines of a modern-day Abbie
Hoffman "Steal This Book"? Excellent project. One reason that e-mail is picking up in popularity is
that sending a fax to the office address is like sending a postcard. Look around you: while "civilized", "white" and "man" might characterize the
vast (?) majority on this list, I'm sure that's not the universe on
cypherpunks. And how does it matter? I'm suggesting an e-mail course that
people may subscribe to if they wish. I'm currently attending a course on
Cyberspace-Law for Non-Lawyers, presented by the  Cyberspace Law Institute
and Counsel Connect with thousands of others
 -- I'm sure there are people from all
continents on that course, and the question of it being condescending hasn't arisen.
That's no good to the rest of the world. Forget them: the question is,  are
*you* in a position to share your knowledge?
Maybe lesson 1could be on how to use an encrypting anonymous remailer, and
those who succeed get lesson 2 onwards untraceably.  If they are suspicious,
they don't have to join or can unsubscribe.
We say *nothing* during the course about what we feel about the political
situation in Singapore, the work situation in multinationals or Bill
Clinton. We restrict the course to a sharing of knowledge on crypto in the
Internet spirit of a free economy.
I'm one. Be glad to tell you more,...
If they are, its only in pockets,  and they are doing an awful job of
telling people about it if none of us has heard. The Internet is still very
new here, most people don't know much about it except how to click the porn
It's only crypto, not the Bible or Koran. And let them be their own judges?
You seem to want to protect people in the Third World the way the US
government wants to keep cyberporn from kids.
Thanks,  mate. What's the use of all the theory you develop and software
you'll write if it is inaccessible to those who need it most? Just think:
you work in a sensitive job, have a bad conscience about all the forests
that are being cut on account of collusion between the Forest Department and
the illegal loggers -- now you can maybe talk to someone about the weather
or the greatness of Kim Jong Il,  and in the process upload all you know
about the scandal, untraceable to you. Did you let that stop you in the past? Suppose the course were conducted
from outside the US? The packages can in any case be downloaded legally from
outside. I'm sure there is no law against your telling me how to use a
particular software package? Anonymously, if you must?
What I have  in mind is as follows: "Building a Cryptobook" lists a number of software packages:
Private Idaho
Wipe Utilities
Joel provides also the configuration steps needed to get it all working,
which is an excellent starting point. Suppose we do an e-mail course telling
people in simple language *why* they need this, what benefits they would get
as a result, how to download (idiot-proof instructions all through), and how
to set up *for basic, minimum security*. I'm sure the software packages will
have all sorts of bells and whistles that the novice doesn't need, not right
away. Maybe some or all of this instructional material is already available.
Could we pick up a set that is easy to understand and concise? That could be
packaged together as a course or a book, a sort-of "Crypto for Dummies."
Would people like to select individual software packages, and put the
material together? Everyone gets due credit, of course.
Think for a moment: Just as Nelson Mandela stood today at the corner of
Trafalgar Square in front of South Africa House, where I'm sure many of us
have shouted ,"Free Nelson Mandela!", some day soon we might get similar
thanks from some Chinese or heavens knows whom...
This, and the encrypted fax would help greatly. I'm sure others have good
ideas too. Please send them. How does one go about facilitiating their
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-14 19:26:26
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-activism 
I agree. But many such people, who need PGP but don't want to make it their
central focus, have a hard time acquiring the necessary skills. When even
people on this list, for whom by and large crypto is the central focus,
complain about how cumbersome PGP is to use in practice, what about everyone
You are right, and it wasn't my suggestion to ask in this way. What one
could do is:
1) Prepare a writeup in simple English, on exactly how to use the
appropriate software.
2) Try to get it translated into Chinese, Korean, and whatever other
language we can find volunteers or sponsorship for.
3) Post on appropriate newsgroups that such translations exist, with urls.
4) Suggest that since people living under authoritarian regimes may not have
access to the appropriate Usenet newsgroups, to please spread the word. No
need to suggest that any particular country is being targetted, in fact
enough people living in the US and using the office computer for
communications would benefit.
Would you agree that steps 1-4 above would constitute the proper way? In
that case, would you help prepare such a document (any other volunteers
equally welcome)?
Undoubtedly. But I see no problem in cypherpunks bearing gifts of crypto to
people who are fighting difficult battles for human rights -- ultimately for
all of us. If anyone is bearing gifts here, it is them. On the Internet,
everyone does what s/he is good at, and cypherpunks just happen to be good
at crypto.
Clearly, in our document we will take no political positions whatsoever. We
merely point out that if you wish to communicate securely such that only the
recipient(s) can decipher, this is how you go about it. They'll know how to
use it, this is a problem they face daily, with phone tappings, bugs, etc. a
You are selling yourself short. People who have (successfully?) fought the
US government are likely to get a trust bonus among activists anywhere they
go ;-)
You asked about me, I've put up a little information on
 I'd be happy to fill in the blanks.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-14 20:33:39
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: ANNOUNCEMENT: PGPfone Beta 7 Now Available for Download 
Thanks for the input.
Is UDP used for other purposes not related to voice that I might pretend to be doing? Or is there still some way of fooling them?

@_date: 1996-07-15 22:10:24
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
International agreement on this issue won't happen this century.
People don't understand the problem (or why it needs regulation),
are suspicious of the US and its motives -- in any case
international negotiations take forever. As for the "concession"
regarding liberalisation of export controls of crypto -- big
deal. The stuff is available anyway outside the US, so the only
people helped are US industry -- why should the rest of the world care? Without international agreement, the whole key escrow idea
doesn't have a leg to stand on, and I doubt US industry will be
willing to wait that long before  they can use strong crypto in
their international products.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
check out my new page at   The protestors of Tiananmen Square will be back. Next time, the battle will be fought in cyberspace, where the students have the more powerful tanks...

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:21:24
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
I don't doubt that the Europeans are quite likely to toe the American line -- they not seldom do in international negotiations, plus they share the NATO mentality. However, that does not constitute international agreement. GAK basically requires companies and individuals to trust their government,
and here in India people across the political and economic spectrum would
laugh in your face at the suggestion. Also secrecy from the government is crucial to most businesspersons, and I cannot imagine anyone in a country with a repressive, inept or corrupt government agreeing to this (And further, trusting the far away US government, which might misuse its powers to help
its own industry in international bids).
You might say that repressive governments are not likely to ask their citizens
before agreeing internationally to GAK, but then, citizens are
not likely to ask their government either before using good crypto. The matter will land up before
the courts, and that will keep the situation confused for a while. With digital commerce seriously hindered by lack of security, I doubt the business community
will stay patient, and want to opt for a hassle-free, tried and
tested, secure and
transparent system such as pgp. Governments cannot for long ignore the wishes
of big business.
While I share your view on the need for urgency in integrating
PGP into Internet standard products (and wish the programmers on these projects God-speed!) I
don't think end of this year is too late for them to come out. Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta

@_date: 1996-07-19 03:08:16
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: 
I've been talking to human rights people here -- we certainly
plan to translate into one or more Indian languages, and perhaps
soon there will be action at an Asian level as well. Is this an
urgent requirement? If so, I can try to arrange. Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta

@_date: 1996-07-20 22:23:26
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I must admit all this talk about what kinds of bullet best
penetrates Kevlar makes me shake my head and wonder what's happening to the world --
particularly since you are
far more likely to use this weaponry in a rage against a loved one than against someone breaking down your door. The "good" guys arming
themselves so that the "bad"
don't invade reminds me of the stupid arms race between the US
and the Soviets: I
wonder how many burglars in Western Europe carry guns -- in the US, you'd be real stupid if you didn't carry the latest weaponry.
More to the point as far as this list is concerned,  Vinnie pointed out:
Are there good books (or even better, sources on the net) that
would teach you how to
set up and use spread spectrum and other communication technologies without easy
detection? In India, the government controls most of the
spectrum, and hardly allows
the use of radio. However, spread spectrum is likely to be used
for wireless local loop, and it would be harder for them to figure out that you are
engaging in unauthorised communication if you use similar frequency bands as the local telecom provider.
I wonder about that -- between Tweedledee Clinton and Tweedledum
Dole, does it matter whether you vote or not? The system seems to
make sure that before you even get to a
position where someone can seriously vote for you, you've already
sold your soul.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:11:58
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Borders *are* transparent 
Is enought information available for someone else to write
software that would be able to communicate with Netscape's at the US-level of crypto? If so, the
US government is simply
forcing Netscape to open a window of opportunity for some foreign
software company to come up with a competing product for the
international market. A case of cutting off your nose to spite your face?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-21 05:52:23
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
This was not intended to suggest how "you" might behave, I don't
know you that well, it would have been less confusing for me to
have used the pronoun "one."  There are surely alternatives to the extremes of unilateral
disarmament and an arms race? For instance, slowing down  the
race? More often than not, it is the US that has upped the ante.
They consistently had more nuclear warheads than the Soviet
Union, new technologies that disrupted the status quo came
generally from the West.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-21 20:11:27
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Game Theory and its Relevance to Cypherpunks 
My problem with applying game theory to complex situations like the competition between powerful nations is that it is too simplistic. IANAE, of course, though I have done some control theory, and know how complex the modelling of any system becomes if it contains non-linearities, delays, etc. In a closed-loop system, i.e. with feedback, trying to predict behaviour without the foggiest notion of how to quantify the impact of
Kennedy's grandstanding on the Kruschev mind (for instance) is questionable.
To suggest that MAD worked well on the basis of the limited tryout we gave it
has little validity. If it hadn't, we wouldn't be here, would we?
We are trying to
draw general conclusions based on a biased sample of one.
Reminds me of this committee of the British Royal Air Force, trying to find
ways to protect its planes better against German anti-aircraft guns. Someone
proposed putting an extra layer of armour on those areas that received the most
shelling, and most people seemed to like the idea. One upstart suggested the
exact opposite: putting extra armour on those areas which had received the least
shelling. "Remember," he said, "we can only examine the planes that came back."
I also have a problem with the cost you mention. What is
"winning" in the context
of nations? The arms race wiped out the Soviet Union, and arguably seriously
hampered the competitiveness of American industry (which was No.1 at the end of
the war), allowing countries like Japan and Germany, with far
smaller defence budgets,
to overtake industrially.
Thank you for the tips: I will check them out. Game theory is
fascinating -- I'm just not sure how applicable it is in formulating policy. Didn't work
too well in Vietnam...
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-23 08:26:50
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: NCs (network computers) 
So did I -- then  it struck me that if they soup up the V-Chip a bit, and consider that the Telecom Deregulation Act specifically allowed the cable TV provider to also provide telephony, i.e. a 2-way connection,  you could have near-universal Internet access. Check out  (about 1600 words):
It's a bit rough, but I'd love to have comments.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 01:02:48
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Netscape (foreign downloads) 
And what are your plans for those outside the US who have downloaded
from hacktic? While I'm sure your copyright allows you to do so,
don't suppose you have any plans of going after them?
Suppose I,  as a foreigner, were to obtain a copy
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 12:49:15
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: violating ITAR 
I could spare the time too. Maybe you (and whoever else
volunteers) could DCC me some software that violates ITAR via
mIRC: We announce that this is going to happen, which channel and
when, have a virtual party for the condemned person(s), during
which we first  openly discuss what we are going to do...
I doubt they'll want to take me to court in India, but if they
do, I know lawyers who
would defend me for free.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 07:03:21
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Would Netscape take money for 'exported' copies? 
Yes, but could/would Netscape even take our money? Wouldn't  that be
complicity (IA obviously NAL)? I'd imagine they'd just return the
money, and tell
us to please destroy our copies of the software.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 06:30:58
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: NSA Lawyers Believe ITARs Would be Overturned if Tested in  Court 
Because, I imagine, it did not stop the clones from Taiwan, but severely
hurt US computer manufacturers. Ultimately, this is the argument that will bring the US government kicking and screaming to its senses on
the cryptography issue.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 07:19:26
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Ross Anderson's Eternity service 
Got that far, but could not download the Eternity service paper
itself. Something about only accepting connections from certain
sites. Would someone kind-hearted enough mail me a copy?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-25 13:19:13
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: A Global Village, or the future of porn on the net 
... arguments that I wholeheartedly support deleted..
Let me see if I can bring this back on track. We have some interesting
developments that could converge:
1) Legally, the Internet is more or less in the clear as far as indecency
is concerned. The moralists will rally again and put through a bill that
doesn't so blatantly violate the constitution, but for the time being
we're OK.
2) Porn is very, very popular. As a consultant, I often use Netscape from
the offices of my clients, and invariably take a peek at the bookmarks. Guess what is  pointed to more than anything else. By making a hullaballoo
about porn on the net, its enemies may have shot themselves in the foot:
it will attract people rather than repel.
3) Porn on the net by and large isn't all that great, so if there is a risk, it is that people might be bored. What you mostly have are stills of nudes
on the web and Usenet postings of indifferent quality.
4) the web is changing from static to dynamic through Java and the like. VRML in fact adds a 3-D element.
Stir, add some spicy curry, and see if you get:
Java classes for males and females corresponding to VRML
objects. The class methods might include kissing, hugging,
spanking, restraining...
A female object might be  initialized with Hillary Clinton's face, Evangelista's
body... Anyone could now write a script which you could view enacted on
your screen, or interact with one another as in MUDs. Why,
someone might write a translator that takes a story off alt.sex.whatever and produces
an appropriate script. People would only need to download the software and
appropriate objects once, then receive emscripts which could be
run in total privacy.
People should we willing to pay small amounts for use of the
classes and objects,
as well as for the scripts. Of course, it would only work in our
prudish societies if
the transactions were totally anonymous. If Digicash payment
systems were built-in,
that might be a reason for people to start adopting eCash.
Of  course, this opens up a whole can of worms. For instance,
given the violence of
many pornographic stories on Usenet, it won't be long before
famous personalities
routinely get violated in cyberspace. Talk about copyright: do
you have the right
to prevent someone from doing this to you?
I unfortunately lack  the bandwidth to find out the extent to
which porn on the net
is already moving in this direction. However, if you have
pointers, I'll go *find*
the bandwidth! Where on the net do people discuss such matters?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-29 19:54:33
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: e$: The Demographic "Transaction" (was Re: Schelling Points...) 
That's true: when the state does not provide old-age pension,
that's the only alternative, and surely not a bad one. As I see it, having more children makes sound economic sense when
you have child labor. You feed the child for 4-5 years, after
which it contributes financially to the family for the rest of
its short life. More stringent enforcement of anti child-labor
legislation would help. Increase in life expectancy is also good,
because then you need fewer children as insurance.
The spread of the Internet, and the ability to post anonymously
should help in exposing instances of violation of child-labor
laws, and increasing outrage. Hopefully, it will also make it
easier to spread literacy, which is arguably the best way to keep
population down.
I'd really like to know who this "he" is whom Robert is citing.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-29 19:54:25
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: E-Cash promotion idea 
I'm sure it should be possible for the merchant to electronically
give you an "IOU" for the amount of change s/he owes you, no
matter how small, without loss of your anonymity. Next time you
go to the same merchant, the IOU could automatically be adjusted
against the new purchase.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-30 04:31:13
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Publicly Verifiable Anonymous Voting System 
can be downloaded One problem with such a system is sheer complexity. Even an
illiterate person must be convinced of the transparency of the
system, i.e. that his/her vote "counts". In the conventional
system, where you mark a piece of paper that goes into a locked
box watched over by reps of the rival parties, which you can
subsequently view being opened and processed, you intuitively
understand how the system works. This was one of our arguments
(not, admittedly, our strongest) against electronic voting when
they sought to introduce it  in 1989 for the Indian federal
elections -- further details on Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-30 13:32:01
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: e$: The Demographic "Transaction" (was Re: Schelling  Points...) 
child-labor legislation is to harm the children involved. You may
think that the millions of families in Third World countries who
are too poor to provide for their children, will be magically
become rich enough to send their children to school once the anti
child-labor legislation will be enforced. <
This is getting off-topic,  if there is such a thing on this
list, but anyway... of course legislation alone is no good.
Typically, it is accompanied by efforts to provide alternate
livelihood to the older children or parents, free schooling, etc.
child-labour laws; it stopped the moment the people became rich
enough to provide for their children, thanks to the capitalist
revolution in the 18th & 19th century. The same path will have to
be followed by the Third World countries today.<
Take your point,  though we may be talking chicken and egg here.
If you have lots of children, you and your children never will
become rich enough to change...
violations of harmful child labour laws, you better begin posting
to the net to increase outrage about the socialist governments in
the Third World that keep their populations in poverty.<
Socialism as an economic philosophy is fairly discredited, and is
on its way out without my expressions of outrage needed to help
it along. Yet, the capitalist economy seems to be no better at
dealing with extreme poverty.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-31 03:59:56
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: A Libertine Question 
Just a thought...
Evolution also works better with a rich, diverse gene pool. If we
define "failure"
by the narrow standards of today's needs, and allow those who fail to die,
we may be left with people completely unequipped to cope with the radically
changed environments that future generations might face. "The first ones now
may later be last, for the times, they are a-changing."
BTW, have you read "Watership Down" by (forgot the first name) Adams? It
illustrates what I am trying to say rather well.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-07-31 04:08:24
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
I agree. Foreign buyers will look askance at software that is
"second grade" in security terms, just so the US government can
read their mail. This will encourage non-US software companies to
fill the vacuum, and US companies will get pissed off and pull
some strings in Washington.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-04 20:11:50
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: "And who shall guard the guardians?" 
A couple of points need clarification:
A Declaration isn't, in international law, binding. A covenant
is, provided you haven't just signed it but also ratified it
(i.e. made it a part of national law). So the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights is basically just a statement of good
intentions. Much more important, legally, is the International
Covenant on Civil and Political Rights(ICCPR),
 which the US *ratified* not so long ago.
Says the ICCPR Article 17 1. No one shall be subjected to arbitrary or unlawful
interference with his privacy, family, home or correspondence,
nor to unlawful attacks on his honour and reputation.
2. Everyone has the right to the protection of the law
against such interference or attacks. Article 19 1. Everyone shall have the right to hold opinions without
2. Everyone shall have the right to freedom of expression;
this right shall include freedom to seek, receive and impart
information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers,
either orally, in writing or in print, in the form of art, or
through any other media of his choice.
3. The exercise of the rights provided for in paragraph 2
of this article carries with it special duties and
responsibilities. It may therefore be subject to certain
restrictions, but these shall only be such as are provided by law
and are necessary:
(a) For respect of the rights or reputations of others;
(b) For the protection of national security or of public
order (ordre public), or of public health or morals. Key, in Article 17, is the term "unlawful." With this escape
clause, the US gov has no problems, long as they make appropriate laws.
Article 19 is more interesting, because restrictions must be
shown to be necessary...
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-05 03:58:44
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Internet telephony (was Freeh slimes again) 
What I'd like to see -- for which technology is all in place, and
none of the shortcomings you mention apply -- is voice mail that
functions seamlessly between people who only have a phone, and
those with Internet connections on computers with a sound card.
Many companies practically use voice mail as an alternative to
long phone conversations. This might also help the Internet
spread, because with a connection you would be able to save  on
long-distance charges -- and strong crypto could be used.
I'm sure the software for this exists too -- the ISPs only have
to run it on their servers. It would be nice, though, if the ISPs
had a facility that when there is a voice message for you, it
either phones or pages you...
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-06 00:39:17
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: "And who shall guard the guardians?" [NOISE] 
Heretics it depends, drug dealers no problem, but anonymous
remailer operators haven't been beheaded yet. Their persecution
will probably take much more subtle forms -- denial of government
jobs or contracts (lawbreakers and anarchists, after all),
whatever hurts most. There are many ways of manipulation in an
advanced, information based society that are no less cruel than
the torture of more overtly authoritarian ones.
International covenants aren't entirely useless: governments have
to report to the UN how much success they are having in
implementation, and are questioned closely. If indeed the fears
of many of you come true, cypherpunks will have far greater
awareness of human rights instruments and their usefulness (or
lack thereof) before the century is done.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-06 02:17:09
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: fbi, crypto, and defcon 
True, though even better would be simply to charge you a flat
rate. If billing is that expensive, why bother? What happened to the proposals asking for flat-rate pricing before the FCC?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-08 00:05:40
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Phone tapping in India 
"The Pioneer" headlined on August 6, 96:
"CBI can tap at whim -- Agency has 6 bugging machines"
(The CBI is effectively the Indian equivalent of the FBI)
Apparently, these machines costing Rs. 7.5 million = $200,000 each, can each tap 7 phones in a 25-km radius, and were bought from a Hyderabad-based company, Fidelity Systems. Apparently, all that is needed to tap a phone is for the sleuths to dial the number through
 the machine, which then automatically starts and stops recording
all conversations carried out with that number, as well the numbers dialled by the target.
As it is, the law on wiretapping is draconian in India: on the occurrence
 of an emergency, or for "public safety", a designated government officer can direct that "any message or class of messages to or from
 any person or class of persons, or relating to any particular subject, brought for transmission by or transmitted or received by any telegraph,
 shall not be transmitted, or shall be intercepted or detained or shall be disclosed to the government." (This is from the Indian Telegraph Act of 1885(!), and applies to e-mail and BBSes as well). But with these new machines,  even this designated officer can be bypassed.
Under a box titled "Beware of blank calls", the newspaper mentions that when the sleuths ring your number to start tapping, you get a "blank" call (which one is quite used to here -- if that were enough evidence, the whole of India is being tapped!)
What technology is this? If it indeed works this way, what is to prevent any
large company or rich person from procuring the same hardware?
Apparently, the purchase was authorised by former prime minister Rao,
who is now complaining that his own phone is being tapped (serves him right).
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-08 08:24:14
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Censorship through proxy 
Yes, that would be great, and a trial run for the Big Prize, China.
At the site mentioned above, they have a form to fill out, which only
people from Singapore are supposed to respond to, which asks a lot of questions, including how much censorship users consider
appropriate! If there is some way of making them think the response
is coming from within Singapore when actually it isn't, maybe we could flood them with responses saying we want no censorship?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-08 15:11:47
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: FAA to require transponders on all aircraft passengers 
Many airports (e.g. Zurich) require you to identify your baggage on the way
to the plane. If somebody merely keeps watch to ensure that you don't run away after identifying your baggage, the system works. There are problems that can be solved without computers :-)
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-09 12:48:28
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Talking about Crypto Anarchy 
I appreciate what you are saying, and I'm sure we all have felt this frustration
at some time or another. I've had lots of people, particularly
social scientists,
aghast at the thought that I could have spent 4 years on a PhD trying to get
a crane to reach its destination 2 seconds sooner -- after a while, you just
get tired, and reach for your beer.
However, policy that affects us is framed by people with little idea, and
*someone* with a clue has to educate them (as well as, maybe, educate
their constituents to bring the right kind of public pressure). Perhaps
people like Tim, who seem to be tired of this, could further the cause best
by "training the trainers." Which, I suppose, is what he is doing
on this list...
In closing, a short, simple story that's worth thinking about:
When Buddha attained enlightenment, the gods asked him to go forth and
spread his knowledge to the  world.
"Why should I?" he asked, "Those that know won't need it, those that need it
won't listen."
"Can you rule out," asked the gods, "that there might be people in between?
Those that with your teaching might learn, who otherwise wouldn't?"
Beware of binary thinking...
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-11 15:22:49
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
Well said. While I didn't see the CBS program , I bet the
scaremongerers did not point out that programmers don't just
produce software, they are major consumers as well. The growth of
the software industry in other countries therefore means business
for US industry, which produces most of the compilers and other
utilities that programmers everywhere use. This clearly helps
programmers in the US. To some extent this happens automatically -- for instance, if you
live in the Silicon valley, your knowledge levels are higher on
account of higher frequency of user meets, conferences, etc. But,
to the extent you use the Internet as an information source, it
is available internationally. So you cannot have it both ways:
use an open forum like the Internet, and hope to keep knowledge bottled in.
In earlier generations of computing, monopolistic organizations
such as IBM and DEC charged huge sums for information. One of the
reasons that IBM was thrown out of India in the mid seventies was
their practice of shipping only outdated computers from the US to
India. Indian programmers were at a disadvantage, and clearly
could not charge as much as American ones. But the openness of
MS-DOS and UNIX changed all that, a trend that has only been
strengthened by the Internet. While jobs could easily move overseas, the developing world may
not be able to absorb them. To start with, such migration assumes
the availability of excellent telecom facilities. These are
severely lacking in most developing countries, which have about
75% of the world's population and 16% of its product, but only
12% of the total number of telephone main lines. These too are
mostly in cities. While the World Bank's 1988 figures indicate
that in industrialized countries, major cities have a 20-30%
higher telephone density than do other areas, in a country like
Ethiopia, cities have a density of about 14 times the national
average. In other words, most people in developing countries have
practically no access to telecom facilities. In addition, the
quality of the facilities, typically provided by state-owned
monopolies, is often abysmal. While low-earth orbit satellite
projects such as Iridium, Odyssey, Teledisc and Globalstar
threaten to change all this, little impact will be felt until the
end of the decade. In any case, telecom facilities in the
industrialized countries will most likely continue to be
considerably superior, providing workers there with an ongoing
competitive advantage.
Further, as economists such as Paul Krugman point out, developing
countries lack the means for sustained growth ("Which Asian
Model?", Newsweek, November 20, 1995). Those economies that have
shown dramatic growth, such as the East Asian, have relied
essentially on low-cost inputs, rather than on their efficient
utilization. Professor Alwyn Young of Boston has in fact come to
the surprising conclusion that Singapore's total factor
productivity (which measures such efficiency) is so poor as to be
comparable to that of the Soviet Union. He points out that "at
just the time that everybody was ranting about how magnificent
Japan was, it ceased to catch up."
Cheap inputs is not a long-term phenomenon, as companies looking
for good programmers in India are increasingly discovering.
Programmer salaries in India are rapidly rising. While many
youngsters are keen to become programmers, India lacks adequate
training facilities. Today, teachers receive poor pay, even by
Indian standards. Educational institutions are hardly going to be
able to raise salaries of software teachers alone, while raising
them for everybody will be impossible. Consequently, there is
going to be little  incentive for good programmers to become
teachers, and the educational institutions will continue to churn
out large numbers of poorly trained students. It is suggested
that universities in industrialized countries could use the
Internet to teach students in developing countries, but the
efficacy of this model has yet to be proven.
Also, a very small percentage of Indians are fluent in English,
and from it come the senior bureaucrats, managers for the private
sector, the military, newspapers, educational institutions -- in
short, all the important posts of the country. Unless there is to
be a severe disruption of the nation's activities, not too many
can be diverted to cater to export.
I'd argue the opposite: I see no reason why companies such as
Netscape have to put up with such draconian US laws as ITAR: why
don't they simply develop their software overseas? If they made a
highly publicised move, that might do wonders to change the
opinions of US Congresspersons voting on ITAR-related legislation.
My prediction is that with the blessings of the Internet, the
next generation of multiracial programmers, even those that were
born in the USA, will be more likely to be found on the beaches
of tropical islands than in the fog of San Francisco. When you
can work in the shade of a palm tree, even if you should earn
less, it's worth it :-)
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-13 06:55:52
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
Indeed. Bart makes a very remarkable assumption, which is that the total amount of capital in the fastest growing industry in human history  is constant.
As I mentioned in my note (which was a bit long by my standards, so you are
forgiven if you haven't read it) software producers are software consumers
as well. So, if the software industry grows in the world, it can only benefit
the producers in the US, who make most of the compilers and sophisticated
utilities that programmers need in order to develop software.
The danger to the US software writer comes from another direction, one which
this list is thoroughly familiar with: government policies, such
as ITAR. Gilmore,
I believe, plans to get the software written for secure Internet
routing outside the
US, to not fall foul of ITAR. As security, internet commerce and
other applications
needing crypto become a more important part of software development,
others might follow -- of course it won't hurt that the move reduces costs, but
that will not be the prime motivation.
This will not be the first industry that the US government
developed and nurtured,
only to hand on a platter to foreign competitors: CNC machine tools is an
example I am familiar with. For long, the writing was on the wall, but when the
debacle came, it was swift. If I'm not mistaken, the Japanese share in the US
market of CNC machining centers increased from 2% to 51% over a 2-year
period. The problem there, at least partly, was that government encouraged machine tool R&D and industry to cater to the needs of defense, rather than
the rest of us. Sounds familiar?
So, while US software isn't in any danger of losing quite that badly, as I have
explained, if the US loses revenue and capital in this sector, it will only have its own government to blame.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-14 06:17:11
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: India, Productivity, and Tropical Climes 
Sorry, the response took a while: George Fernandes, who was the
industries minister at the time, is an acquaintance, so I thought
I'd get the story from the horse's mouth.
In the aftermath of the oil crisis, India was short of foreign
exchange, so it passed the Foreign Exchange Regulation Act (FERA)
under which foreign equity in an Indian company could only exceed
40% if the company was hi-tech or  produced something of critical
national importance. The government saw no reason why precious
foreign exchange should go out as profits on the sale of
toothpaste or cola. Coke claimed that its secret formula
qualified it as a hi-tech company, and so it should be allowed
100% ownership of its Indian subsidiary. The government saw no
reason why: that was easy. The Indian government wasn't asking
Coke to reveal its formula, merely dilute its holding to 40%. That one was easy.
As regards IBM, its agreement with the government of India, under
which it was allowed to operate in the country, stipulated that
it would produce here, and transfer some technology. Instead, as
the government found, all it did was sell time on second-hand
computers (1401's as I recall, and this was mid  to late '70s).
IBM was asked to either dilute, or live up to its original
agreement, which it wasn't prepared to do, so it left.
Didn't Mark Twain say that the coldest winter he had ever
experienced was a summer in San Francisco? I do agree, SF and
environs are great: but US immigration laws being what they are,
not everyone can move there -- some day, "routing around" might
make those places more attractive which have the least
restrictive immigration laws.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-14 08:07:25
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
lowered in the US when US capital moves abroad. I assume that the
amount of capital in the US will be *relatively lower*. So the
wages will be *relatively* lower (lower than when the capital
wouldn't have left the US), but not necessarily lower in any
absolute sense. I thought this was obvious, but since Arun Mehta
also misunderstood me, maybe I should have been more explicit here.
way to raise wages, therefore, is to raise marginal labor
productivity. This can be done by many methods: by an increase in
capital accumulation - i.e. by an increase in the machines with
which the workers are aided..."
Pardon me, but I'm still confused. When Hazlitt talks about how
many machines are employed, surely that's "absolute" capital, not
relative. If US capital is invested abroad sensibly, such that it
enriches the investors, they have more money to invest in
machines at home and thereby increase local productivity (and wages). Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-15 01:00:48
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption  Technology 
Whoa! In economies that are highly de-coupled, incomes and prices
can easily find quite different equilibria. Of course, the
situation changes when trade increases. If you visited Italy in
the mid-'70s, prices were much lower than, say, in Germany.
Somewhere in the late '70s and early '80s, prices (and I hope
wages too) rose to "international" levels.
Why hasn't it happened in India? One reason for sure is that
despite all the talk of free trade, free movement of people does
not take place. Otherwise, plumbing, gardening, and all kinds of
services could have been provided in Western countries by
Indians, reducing supply and raising wages in India. It really  doesn't have much to do with "the power of the Indian
government" (except that I wish they had negotiated better at
GATT so that when the free flow of goods was talked about, the
flow of services was also treated at par). India has its faults,
but it still is a relatively democratic and free country. And
yes, capital has "somehow failed to flow to India,"  and for this
the restrictive policies of government are to blame.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-15 01:06:04
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: photographed license plates 
In Germany, as I recall, if you use this argument, the cops
require you to thereafter maintain a log of who drives the car when.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-15 05:33:08
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption    Technology 
I was trying to explain how incomes and prices happened to be
lower in India, which is the reason why companies like Informix
like to hire Indian engineers.
I imagine (not knowing why Informix does what it does) that the
reason might have something to do with:
1) Bringing the programmer closer to the customer, to understand
the problem better, or to commission the software, debug it under
working conditions, whatever
2) If a team in the US is working on the project as well,
sometimes it helps to have the entire team physically proximate.
3) With team members far away, you may have concerns about
security of confidential information.
I could think of another reason or two.
Could you please be more precise? In what way does the "power of
the Indian government" intrude? You use the term "proven" rather
loosely... there could be other explanations for the company
wanting to move its employees around.
Huh? Yes, we do have a bureaucratic state, which is infuriating,
and not just to the companies, but we've always had lots of
companies happy to be here. This is a big market, and a nice
place to live (and not just the natives say so).
True -- democracy is a learning process, and the lessons
sometimes come hard. I don't know of any other way to learn.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-15 05:52:54
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: India, Productivity, and Tropical Climes 
You are right -- India's immigration policy is lousy too.
However, this is an anachronism in increasingly globalizing economies.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-15 17:17:13
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla - A DataHaven? 
I'm sure this has come up before, but what would prevent a server
being located on a buoy or something at sea outside territorial
limits (or when satellites become cheaper, on a satellite itself)
offering such services? Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-16 16:50:29
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: The dangers of using radar 
I picked this up on Marsha Woodbury's jokes list (not all are fiction!):
when the RAF >>pointed out that the damage might well have been more severe.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-16 20:42:51
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Offshore data havens 
There is another aspect to this: the French sinking of the
Greenpeace ship in New Zealand was arguably the best thing that
ever happened to the organisation. They certainly got lots of
publicity, new members, money... On the Internet, news spreads fast, so the cost of such an attack
in terms of damage to reputation would be high. Of course, if the
torpedo were truly anonymous, we wouldn't know who to blame. All
criminals attempt to commit crimes "anonymously", yet many do get caught.
OK, suppose someone were to bury the server deep in a valley or
shaft under the water, with only an antenna sticking out (and a
supply of spare antennae that could be automatically deployed if
one got knocked out)? And, with Moore's law in operation, one
might even be able to deploy large numbers of such servers that
mirrored each other at reasonable cost. Once connectivity is via LEO satellites, unless those beasts are
equipped for the purpose, I suspect locating the source of
transmission will not be all that easy.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-17 23:31:42
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Software manpower exports and the power of governments 
Huh? And why are we so grumpy today?
Not necessarily: as an example of legacy work, consider the
conversion of Cobol to 4GL. When you have a working program to
emulate, you can do that without too much customer contact. It's
in new software (where maybe the customer is herself not clear
what she actually needs) that close contact is essential. Take another example: you have some old software, and you need to
add a bell or whistle. Sure, you may need to run the modified
software on site for testing, but often that too can be done from
a remote terminal. And even if you do have to travel for the
purpose, it still works out cheaper, since manpower costs are low
in the 3rd world.
Um, maybe you misread: why would an American company pay to have
software written, that only runs on obsolete machines? Now,
converting that software to run on a modern machine, that's
altogether different -- you have to be able to read Cobol or
Autocoder or whatever, but what you actually write would be based
on modern tools. A sensible business decision: long-distance security is hard to
achieve. But I doubt that it has anything to do with the power
that the Indian government has (or hasn't) over Informix?
Are you suggesting that Indian programmers come to work with like
a chain gang, with armed government guard? You really must talk
to some programmers from India, ask them if the government
commands them this way, but do have some oxygen handy, or they
might die laughing...
Look, governments in the 3rd world are often stupid and corrupt

@_date: 1996-08-18 15:16:06
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Software manpower exports and the power of governments 
The individual can change far faster than the community, which is why
immigrants to the US, for instance, do so much better than back home. It
has, in the case of economic matters, to do with attitudes of government,
the chambers of commerce and all the institutions that influence economic
policy -- which can take long to change.

@_date: 1996-08-31 17:15:50
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
There are two sides to this: after all, it is the Singaporeans who finally have to sort out this problem with their government, and denying them
the Usenet platform for discussion would only hinder that process.
Then again, inappropriate postings are the bane of the Internet: the consensus on which the Net functions relies heavily on people not posting
inappropriately. Of course, posting anti LKY stuff on a Singapore newsgroup might be perfectly
appropriate -- it is the "more and more groups" part I am worried about.
I quite frankly disapprove of the mail-bomb suggestions made on
the list. Accessing
the Internet is hard enough without these additional roadblocks.
Mail-bombing one
person on a server punishes everybody else on that server too. We need to work
with the people in Singapore on this, not make enemies of them.
I'm glad that the situation in Singapore is attracting much
attention on this list, and that
people want to do something about it. China is seriously
interested in the experiment, and India will be too: the law here holds the ISPs responsible
for ensuring that nothing objectionable and obscene is carried by
them, and what simpler way to comply than to
simply use the Singapore proxy. Right now, the law isn't being
enforced, but soon some
headline-seeking politician will point out this out, and the
problem will be with us. So, it is important to nip the Singapore experiment in the bud.
However, I think that  the constructive approach, one which
furthers the Net, "routes around", would work better.
For instance, I'd love to see some smart venture capitalist fund
a project that makes
use of surplus, off-peak bandwidth on a transponder on any of the
myriad satellites floating over Asia to download Web pages on request. Ideally, I
should be able to send via pgp and anonymous remailer a request for a page, which would soon
come beamed down unencrypted via satellite. No more waiting hours
for the latest version of Netscape to download, and then restarting from scratch
every time the line drops. Also, goodbye censorship. Even if the
government decided to cut off
Internet access completely, I'd still be able to receive what others such as Tim
think might be of interest to me.
How would this generate revenue? Well, there could be advertising appended to select pages, for instance. In any case, with so much uncertainity about how
commerce on the net will work, and in good Internet tradition a la Netscape,
it would probably be smarter to start with a free service, and figure out later
how to make money from it, once it becomes popular.
In a few years, satellite-based Internet access will become widespread and
affordable. However,  the next few years are  really crucial. Governments are
still trying to figure out how to deal with the Net, frame
legislation, etc. This
would be a good time to present them with a fait accompli. Hong Kong will
revert to China next year. What better gift to the nervous freedom fighters there, than to help them with their Internet access? Maybe Hong Kong will
take over China, instead of the other way around...
I remember in Sculley's book "Odyssey: from Pepsi to Apple"  he mentions how
Steve Jobs finally convinced him to join Apple by asking if he wanted to sell sugared water for the rest of his life, or would he rather change the world. The Internet presents opportunities like that to far more people,
and this, IMHO,
is one of them: any would-be Sculleys out there?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-08-31 17:15:40
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Phoneco vs X-Phone 
Perhaps the answer to this interesting debate between Vipul and Jim lies in
looking at what happened to computers as they became cheaper. There was
a time when someone at IBM predicted that the needs of the entire world would
be met by about 50 computers or so, but now that computers are almost free
(as Jim argues bandwidth has become), we have almost that many in a single
household (counting all the video games, watches, car and
appliance electronics).
People found new ways to use computers, so they used far more of them. So
much so, that the computer industry overall did not shrink, but
grew. There was a
time when you bought "time"  on a computer, as you do in
long-distance telephony. Changing over to computer purchase
didn't kill the industry.
So if you were sold a size of bandwidth pipe instead of how many hours you actually use it, and eliminated the cost of accounting for time usage, I think
we'd all be happier -- except maybe the  IBMs of telecom.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-09-02 12:48:55
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
How long do you propose to carry on doing that? Soon, the others
in the newsgroups will be asking you very impolitely to stop,
just as you would if someone kept on and on posting such stuff to cypherpunks.
True, but Usenet only functions because it works most of the
time. To the extent we subvert this consensus, we damage Usenet,
make it less useful. It shouldn't happen that in trying to save
or spread Usenet, we have to destroy it...
There I'm with you -- I'm merely suggesting that you find a way
to protest Singapore's actions in a manner that would be less
objectionable to most Internet users, in Singapore and outside.
I never said anything about politeness -- the appropriateness I
was talking about was in the context of what the people posting
to a discussion group consider proper material for them to
receive, not what the government of Singapore thinks.
In any case, I think we may be slightly going off track as far as
the current Singapore problem is concerned. They are blocking
access to certain web sites from mid September -- Usenet isn't
part of the current discussion, far as I know.
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-09-03 05:00:15
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
What Mr. Takkar says isn't law, plus he's gone. The law clearly
holds ISPs responsible for
content: when it suits the government it will pull it out.
Doesn't even have to be the government: some headline-seeking
opposition politician could take the government to task because
the government-run ISPs aren't complying with the law.
And please don't get lulled into complacency by a stupid law that
isn't being enforced: in 1975, Indira Gandhi pulled out a host of
them to *legally* impose dictatorship.
every time I want a BANNED page -- I'd say it's worth it. In the
process of accessing it, I also show it to everyone in Asia, thus
giving the banned stuff much more publicity than it otherwise
would get on the net.
Governments everywhere (see Declan's long list) seem to think
they can separate out the porn and subversion from the "rather
more". Just as in the German case, where the Zundel-site was
mirrored so that Germans could access  it, external measures to
help Singaporeans access what they like would certainly help
their government "see sense."
Guess I'll risk being accused of indulging in cliches when I cite
the famous Niemoeller quote once more which begins, " First they
came for the communists, and I did not speak out, for I was not
one"... and ends "And then they came for me. There was no one
left to say anything..."
Freedom is won and lost in inches, and you have to fight every
single inch they try to take away. Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key

@_date: 1996-09-03 04:41:35
@_author: Arun Mehta 
@_subject: Re: Encourage Singapore To Come Out Of the Stone Age 
am generalising]
I've been reading some of the postings on
singapura.singnet.com.sg: quite a few people in Singapore are
pissed off that they have to go through the proxy. So, not
everyone in Singapore thinks as differently from those of us who
oppose your government's action as you would have us imagine.
Look, if the government had said, "those who wish to avoid smut
on the Net, go through this proxy, but those who do not wish our
guidance can do as they please," we would not be having this
discussion. What we have a problem with is the government trying
to *force* on everyone its own judgement on what is appropriate.
People like you in Singapore are responsible, thinking adults.
Surely you can make the choice yourself on whether you wish to
accept government guidance in this or not? In 1975, Indira Gandhi imposed a totalitarian regime in India.
The newspapers only carried news about how happy everyone was
with the controls. Lulled into complacency, Mrs. Gandhi called
elections, partly to make everyone shut up. What happened? She
was soundly defeated. Moynihan, a former US ambassador to India,
remarked, "Politicians rarely like what they read about
themselves in a free press, but it can save their skin." Or words
to that effect.
Maybe, just maybe, there is far more corruption in Singapore than
you think, but that you have no way of finding out without a free press?
Arun Mehta Phone +91-11-6841172, 6849103 amehta
  finger amehta for public key
