
@_date: 1995-01-01 19:48:12
@_author: duquesne duke 
@_subject: cnonymity, law and order 
I want to publicly thank John Young for making articles available.  MOst of those articles I would not otherwise have seen.  I was particularly interested in Peter Lewis's article from the New York Tines that John offered.  Was there anyone in the world, well, in the cyberworld, who was fooled by the article on the Microsoft acquisition of the Catholic church?  Anyone, who after reading that piece, considered anything other than the creativity of the author, should be committed to St. John's Home for the Desperately Dumb.  However, there was something in that article that was of concern.  If the Massachusetts judge in the MIT student case actually said that he couldn't act because Congress had not enacted any laws, then it is for sure they will try to and they will try to act hurriedly.  Hurried actions by congress are even worse than their considered actions.  I think we need to keep in touch with our representatives and senators to make sure that all of the ramifications of any law are considered.  Sometimes laws passed by Congress are rather well intentioned, but the bureaucrats who write the policies and procedures by which the laws will be implemented can make them an albatross around our necks.  These policy and procedure writers are dreadfully misinformed and are to enamored with their power and position to inform themselves.  Admittedly, anonymity and law and order are not easy bed fellows, but difficult issues are never solved by hurried, uninformed, politically-motivated action.  This puts some pressure on us cypherpunks.  We have to be ready to consider all aspects of the argument so that our presentation in favor of anonymity will be taken seriously.

@_date: 1995-01-04 17:24:22
@_author: duquesne duke 
@_subject: gif format in newsbytes 
CompuServe GIF License & Royalties Raises Hackles
COLUMBUS, OHIO, U.S.A., 1995 JAN 4 (NB) -- On-line giant CompuServe has
sparked controversy on the Internet by offering a $1-plus-royalties license
for developers to use its previously free GIF (Graphics Interchange Format)
image file format. CompuServe terms the fee an offer and a benefit to the on-
line community, but skeptics quickly dubbed it a "GIF tax."
The new fee system is based on a licensing agreement reached between
CompuServe and Unisys Corp. (NYSE:UIS) in June, 1994, for use of LZW (Lempel-
Zev-Welch) compression in its GIF format. Unisys has claimed a patent on LZW
Under the CompuServe agreement, developers who wish to operate under the on-
line firm's LZW license agreement with Unisys pay a one-time fee of $1 plus a
royalty of 1.5 percent or 15 cents per registered program, whichever is
greater. Downloaded programs that do not get registered are not subject to
the fee, nor are end-users.
CompuServe announced the new fee system in various areas or "forums" of the
service on December 29. The timing has led to suspicions by some that the
service was not being fully honest with its members.
In an open letter, Pat Clawson, president and chief executive officer (CEO)
of TeleGrafix Communications Inc., called it "the online communications
community's equivalent of the sneak attack at Pearl Harbor," and added: "The
announcement of the CompuServe-Unisys GIF Tax on December 29, during the lull
between Christmas and New Year's Day, was clearly timed to cause maximum
damage while an unsuspecting public celebrated the holidays."
Clawson said his firm, which developed the RIPscrip 2.0 online multimedia
technology and the RIPTERM terminal program that leans heavily on the JPEG
(Joint Photographic Experts Group) image format, will drop support of GIF
images because of the new fee system. RIPscrip 2.0 is scheduled for release
January 16.
Speaking to Newsbytes, CompuServe spokesman Pierce Reid acknowledged that the
release date may have been unfortunate from a public relations viewpoint, but
he said it was an accident of timing, not a desire to avoid public scrutiny.
Reid pointed out that it took a year and a half to hammer out a licensing
agreement with Unisys Corp. (NYSE:UIS). Unisys holds a patent on the GIF
format's underlying LZW compression technology. Once the agreement with
Unisys was signed in June, 1994, he added, it took CompuServe another six
months to arrive at a way to, as he put it, "share" the license.
"Six months is not a long time to settle the details of a licensing
agreement, if you know how these things work," he told Newsbytes. "We're not
making any money on this. We paid a substantial fee to Unisys for the
license, and we offered to share the license for the benefit of the
development community as well as for ourselves and our subscribers."
Reid said the license was based on the fact that CompuServe had found merit
in a Unisys patent claim. CompuServe had used the patented LZW technology in
its 1987 development of the GIF format, believing the technology to be in the
public domain. Unisys contacted the on-line firm about its patent claim in
1993, and that eventually led to the December 29 announcement, the firm said.
Commented Reid: "I've been watching the Internet, and those who are
commenting are on a bell curve -- the vast majority are taking a reasonable
view, but there are always those out on the extreme ends.
"A number of people regard this as a real benefit. CompuServe, by requiring
no money for negotiations, is saving developers from the need to waste time.
There's no worrying about legal or licensing issues, and we've done that for
a dollar."
(Craig Menefee/19950104/Press Contact: Pierce Reid, CompuServe, 614-538-4571;
Pat Clawson, TeleGrafix, 714-379-2140, Internet e-mail
rip.support Oliver Picher, Unisys, 215-986-5367)
Unisys Seeks Royalties On GIF Algorithm
BLUE BELL, PENNSYLVANIA, U.S.A., 1995 JAN 4 (NB) -- Unisys Corp. (NYSE:UIS)
said it will seek royalty payments from developers of software using the
Graphic Interchange Format (GIF). Unisys said it owns rights to an algorithm
that is widely used in GIF tools.
Oliver Picher, a spokesman for Unisys, told Newsbytes that the online service
CompuServe introduced the GIF format in 1987, and incorporated the Unisys
algorithm, apparently believing it was in the public domain. Unisys learned
that the algorithm was used in the GIF technology about two years ago,
contacted CompuServe, and in June, 1994, the companies reached an agreement
under which CompuServe paid Unisys an undisclosed sum for use of the
The payment was "a reasonable amount but not an overwhelming amount," Picher
said, declining to reveal the exact sum.
CompuServe was the first to license the algorithm from Unisys for use in a
GIF tool, Picher said, but about 100 companies have licensed it for other
purposes. Picher said one other online information service has already
licensed the algorithm, but could not say if it was for GIF-related use in
that case.
Unisys is negotiating with all the major online services for possible license
agreements, Picher said. While he would not give specifics, he said the terms
Unisys is seeking are "very reasonable to the point where license fees
shouldn't be a barrier" to using GIF. He added that people who have GIF
software on their PCs will not be affected.
The same algorithm is also used in the Tagged Image File Format (TIFF)
graphics format, and Unisys concluded a license agreement with Aldus Corp.
some time ago, Picher said.
(Grant Buckler/19950104/Press Contact: Oliver Picher, Unisys, 215-986-5367)

@_date: 1995-01-07 10:55:27
@_author: duquesne duke 
@_subject: cel fraud 
Fighting Cellular Fraud, New York To Washington
BEDMINSTER, NEW JERSEY, U.S.A., 1995 JAN 6 (NB) -- Bell Atlantic Mobile (BAM,
parent NYSE:BEL) and NYNEX Mobile Communications (parent NYSE:NYN), two large
US cellular phone carriers, are about to block automatic "roaming" service in
New York City and surrounding areas. Starting January 9, BAM customers who
place calls in the city will need to enter a personal identification number
(PIN) issued by BAM in order to complete the call.
The new policy is an antifraud measure to combat criminals who steal cellular
service, BAM said. The PIN system was developed by NYNEX and is in use inside
the City now, NYNEX sources said. Both firms emphasized that the new policy
is no magic wand to do away with cellular fraud. However, as a BAM
spokesperson told Newsbytes, the combination of restricted roaming and PIN
numbers will "raise the bar again" where cellular fraud is concerned.
Under the new system, the two cellular carriers will restrict calls in the
greater NYC area by roaming customers from a "Fraud Protection Zone" that
includes Washington, D.C.; Baltimore; Pittsburgh; and greater Philadelphia,
including Delaware and southern New Jersey.
BAM adopted the new measures because of increasing problems with cloning, in
which a criminal picks off a cellular customer's automated phone IDs during a
legitimate call and uses them to make a "clone phone." The cloned phone can
be used to make calls for which the legitimate customers, not the cloners,
are billed.
AT&T's Steve Fleischer, speaking to Newsbytes, said such cloning operations
have become such a successful criminal industry that some criminals sell the
phones with 30-day guarantees.
"If a number is cut off, you can bring it back to the cellular bandits and
have it reprogrammed for no additional charge," he explained. "It costs the
carriers around $1 million a day."
He paused, then added: "It just shows how big a demand there is for wireless
Under the new policy, customers from inside the protected zone who want to
use their phones at standard "roaming" rates in New York City must first
contact BAM by dialing 211 from their cellular phone. After they provide
proper identification and select a PIN code, the company deactivates the
fraud zone lock-out.
NYNEX spokesperson Kim Ancin told Newsbytes that customers with PIN numbers
place calls as much usual by dialing the destination number and pressing the
Send button. However, on protected phones, the customer then punches in the
PIN number and presses Send again.
Ancin explained that the PIN number goes out on a frequency different from
the initial send. Cellular bandits use special equipment to pick up a
legitimate phone's mobile identification number (MIN) and electronic serial
number (ESN), which until now have been enough to clone a phone. However, she
said, adding a PIN number on a second frequency makes cloning much more
BAM said it would not activate the fraud protection lock-out in northern New
Jersey, where calls to New York City are local calls. However, since
customers who travel frequently into the city are at risk from cloning, the
firm strongly recommended that northern New Jersey customers sign up for a
PIN. Eventually, the firm said, all new customers will be required to select
BAM said if a bandit does succeed in cloning a PIN-equipped phone, a customer
can simply change the PIN number. Customers without PIN numbers must bring
their phones back to a carrier or dealer to install a new phone number,
notify business associates and friends of the number change, and modify
business cards and stationery.
There is no extra charge for PIN numbers, which are implemented by software
at the carrier's switch, BAM's Fleischer told Newsbytes. The feature will not
affect commonly used cellular services like voice mail or call waiting. Calls
to 911, 611 and 411 will not require a PIN.
(Craig Menefee/19950106/Press Contact: Steve Fleischer, 908-306-7539 or Brian
Wood, 908-306-7508, both of BAM; Kim Ancin, 914-365-7573, or Jim Gerace, 914-
365-7712, both of NYNEX)
