
@_date: 1995-10-11 19:57:11
@_author: NB 
@_subject: netscape rewards bug finders 
Netscape Offers Rewards To "Bug Catchers"
MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., 1995 OCT 11 (NB) -- Netscape
Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: NSCP) has announced the "Netscape Bugs
Bounty" program that rewards users who help the company find and report
"bugs" in the beta versions of its recently released Netscape Navigator 2.0
World Wide Web browser software. Users who are the first to report a
particular bug will be rewarded with various prizes depending on its
The contest begins with the beta versions of Netscape Navigator 2.0 that are
already on the Internet. Full rules for the contest will be available on
Netscape's home page at  .
Speaking to Newsbytes, Roseanne Siino a spokesperson for Netscape, said, "As
far as we can determine, this is the first contest of its kind. Netscape's
whole approach to broad-based beta testing on the Internet was new, and we
hope the contest will enliven the beta testing process."
Users who are the first to report a particular bug will be rewarded with
prizes depending on the "bug class." Users reporting "significant security
bugs," as determined by Netscape, will collect cash prizes, while users
finding any security bugs will win Netscape "merchandise." Users finding
other "serious" bugs will be eligible to win "a choice of items" from the
Netscape General Store.
Siino pointed out that there are no caps on winners. Top prize will be $1,000
for any and all bugs in the top category: Severe Security Bugs. To win, the
finder has to be the first, and, according to the company, it is important to
be constantly using the current versions.
The beta versions are available now for downloading on the Internet for free
evaluation. Netscape's beta testing of 2.0 is already underway. Users who
downloaded previous beta versions of the 2.0 software should download today's
versions, which fix major and minor bugs identified since its initial
release, including security bugs in the pre-release version of the Java
language support integrated in 2.0.
Netscape has released special beta versions of 2.0 that include Java for
users wanting to test it. Because bugs will be reported and fixed on an
ongoing basis, Netscape asks users to stay current on the beta version they
are using, so that the latest software is constantly being refined.
"We are continuing to encourage users to provide feedback on new versions of
our software, and the Netscape Bugs Bounty is a natural extension of that
process," said Mike Homer, vice president of marketing at Netscape. "By
rewarding users for quickly identifying and reporting bugs back to us, this
program will encourage an extensive, open review of Netscape Navigator 2.0
and will help us to continue to create products of the highest quality."
Netscape has created two versions of its Netscape Navigator 2.0 beta,
available for downloading from Netscape's home page at
 . Version b1J for Windows 95, Solaris, and Irix
platforms includes Java and is for users who want to participate in the
bounty program.
For general users or those on other Unix environments, Windows 3.1, and
Macintosh, Netscape has posted beta versions without Java. After initial
testing is complete, future beta versions for all supported platforms will
contain Java.
(Richard Bowers/19951000/Press Contact: Roseanne Siino, Netscape, 415-254-
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin

@_date: 1995-10-17 00:19:40
@_author: jerry the golden retriever 
@_subject: java flaw 
Sun and Netscape fix Java-Navigator flaw
From PC Week for October 16, 1995 by Michael Moeller
Netscape Communications Corp. has identified a flaw in Sun Microsystems
Inc.'s Java development language that caused a security hole in
Netscape's Navigator 2.0 Internet browser.
The flaw left open the possibility for corrupted files or viruses to be
downloaded over the Internet to a host PC.
Netscape officials, in Mountain View, Calif., said the problem occurred
when porting Java to the Netscape platform.
Sun, also based in Mountain View, issued a fix that performs a tighter
security scan of Java applets, or portions of code. Sun officials said
no users were affected by the security flaw.
The company is beta testing Java now, and the final version is scheduled
to be released next month.
Ironically, Java was designed as a secure development language to
prevent users from contracting a virus when downloading an application
over the Internet.
With Java, World-Wide Web application developers can create applets that
are turned into full-scale application code once downloaded by a Java-
enabled browser.
A security feature in Java scans for viruses before activating the
Java applications are designed to be run within the secure environment
of a Java-enabled browser.
When Java was ported to Netscape, one of the security features "fell
through the cracks," said Arthur van Hoff, senior staff engineer at Sun
and a principal architect of Java.
As a result, a user could have downloaded a corrupt applet that could
have continued to function outside the secure environment of the browser
shell and infected other programs on a user's computer.
Netscape has since released two new versions of its Navigator 2.0
browser for beta testing, one with Java support and one without.
However, Netscape officials said that once the browser is released in
mid-December, all versions of Navigator 2.0 will be Java-enabled.
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin

@_date: 1995-10-20 19:32:20
@_author: jerry the golden retriever 
@_subject: faxes are not secure 
BBC Discovers Faxes Are Not Secure (no shit, Sherlock)
BLACKPOOL, LANCASHIRE, ENGLAND, 1995 OCT 19 (NB) -- The British Broadcasting
Corporation (BBC) found out late last week that faxes are not a secure
transmission system. After faxing a copy of a top secret internal management
document to a BBC senior staying at the Pembroke Hotel in Blackpool, where
the Conservative Party Conference took place all last week, BBC executives
were aghast to discover that the fax was sent to the room of Nigel Nelson, a
journalist with The People newspaper, who was also staying at the hotel.
The mis-route for the fax was caused by the fact that Nelson had advised
hotel staff that he was expecting an urgent fax, while the BBC did not notify
the recipient that a fax was on its way. Reception staff at the hotel assumed
that the incoming fax was meant for Nelson and passed it along to him.
Like all good journalists, Nelson realized he had a potential scoop and
passed along the story to the paper, which duly published details of the fax,
along with a brief mention of how the fax came into its hands.
The BBC, meanwhile, has complained loudly that the fax should have been
dispatched to Colin Browne head of the BBC's corporate affairs office, who
was hosting a reception for conference delegates at the hotel.
The fax was send from Leigh Jackson, head of the BBC's Communication Planning
office, and outlined management's worries over job losses and the potential
effects of a likely strike if the British Government goes ahead, as many
think it will, with privatizing the BBC's TV and radio transmitter network in
the UK.
The fax also allegedly said that the BBC would press the government to pass
along at least some of the expected UKP100 million that the sale of the
1,400-strong transmitter network would generate, to the BBC as income for the
state TV service.
Neither the hotel nor the BBC is making any comment about the incident, but
the paper claims that it ran the story with the interest of the public in
mind and that how the fax fell into its reporter's hands was not its concern.
In an editorial in The People newspaper, which was published on Sunday,
Nelson said that "firing off secret faxes to busy hotels without someone
ready to receive them is asking for trouble."
Nelson went on to say that the story was printed, as it was in the public
interest to know what the country's TV company was planning to do with its
assets. In the UK, any TV owner or user has to pay the BBC a license fee of
around $150 a year to receive any form of terrestrial TV transmissions.
Nelson claims that privatizing the transmitter network, while not impinging
on the BBC's operations itself, may not be in the public interest in the long
run. "Privatization could lead to foreign companies muscling in on the most
famous broadcasting network in the world," he said in his editorial.
In a prepared statement, the BBC said that the document was not policy and
was written by a junior member of staff, and therefore was not as sensitive
as the newspaper had made out.
"We were victims of technology," the BBC said.
(Steve Gold/19951018)
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin

@_date: 1995-10-21 15:08:46
@_author: jerry the golden retriever 
@_subject: big bust 
Feds Bust Huge Cell Phone "Cloning" Ring
NEW YORK, NEW YORK, U.S.A., 1995 OCT 20 (NB) -- New York officials have
cracked what they call "the biggest illegal cellular telephone cloning
operation in the country" with the arrest of three individuals this week. If
convicted the suspects could receive up to 15 years in state prison.
"Cloning" is the process of retrieving the electronic serial numbers (ESNs)
of legitimate phones off the airwaves and programming the purloined numbers
into stolen phones. Thieves capture the numbers using special scanners placed
near busy highways and airports. ESNs can also be obtained from stolen
Denver-based Secret Service agent Bill Bresnahan told Newsbytes the Secret
Service is tasked with investigating cellular phone fraud, Bresnahan says
investigative techniques include monitoring cell activity for an unusually
high number of long distance calls, and the use of direction finding
equipment to track down the illicit phones while they are in operation.
US West spokesperson Wendy Carver-Herbert and Bresnahan say there are some
steps that cell phone users can employ to help foil phone theft or catch
thieves. They encourage cell phone users to step up the physical security
they provide their phones. "If you are going to leave your car with a parking
attendant or parked on the street for several days, remove the handset and
the antenna to avoid drawing attention," says Carver-Herbert. She also
recommends activating the electronic lock when you are away from the phone.
They also recommend monitoring your cell phone bill closely. If you see calls
you are sure you didn't place, contact your service provider immediately, and
if your phone is stolen the company can block calls from that number. US West
Cellular has programmed its computers to watch for anomalies in each
customer's calling pattern as another way to foil this high tech crime, and
the company employs security personnel to contact customers when calls fall
outside the normal pattern.
The New York raid seized cloning software, 46 cell phones and various
equipment including computers officials said contained legitimate cell phone
access numbers which when programmed into cloned phones allows the purchaser
to illegally use cellular service without paying. They often make expensive
long distance calls to other parts of the world.
Officials said as many as 27,000 phones have been cloned over the last seven
months and at least 3,000 usable legitimate access numbers were stored in the
computers seized in the raid. Authorities estimate losses from the latest
scam may have cost phone companies as much as $27 million. Cell phone service
providers lose an estimated $1.5 million a day nationwide because of phone
cloning. Authorities said it costs a thief about $50 to get a stolen cell
phone activated with a cloned number. The phone can then be sold on the
street for about $100.
The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert Morgenthau, was particularly
interested in this case. He said his own phone has been cloned twice by
thieves recently. The first time the bill exceeded $3,000 and the second time
more than $5,000 in calls were charged to his number. The legitimate holder
of the cell phone number that is cloned isn't aware the phone has been cloned
until the bill arrives.
In an attempt to stop losses cell service provider Bell Atlantic NYNEX Mobile
(NYSE: NYN) recently introduced the use of personal identification numbers,
which the company said has cut phone fraud by an estimated 80 percent. The
user punches in the unique PIN and presses the send button on the phone after
dialing the desired number. Authorities say the cellular phone industry
spends $5 million annually to stop sophisticated cellular phone fraud.
(Jim Mallory/19951020/Press contact: Kim Ancin, 914-365-7573, or Jim Gerace,
914-365-7712, both of NYNEX)
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin

@_date: 1995-11-13 17:23:07
@_author: jerry the golden retriever 
@_subject: hacker's dream 
Windows 95 Is A Hacker's Dream Over The Internet
CENTRAL, HONG KONG, 1995 NOV 9 (NB) -- Windows 95, combined with the
Internet, could be a dream made in hacker heaven. From seasoned propeller
heads Newsbytes has contacted, it looks like Windows 95 could be more of a
security nightmare than was first thought.
This is especially true where fixed link companies are concerned. An
investigation of the new operating system, when hooked onto the Internet,
leaves computers wide open. Executing a series of simple, uncomplicated
commands opens up company and private users' computers to hacking the moment
they access the Internet, claim some analysts.
Worse, they may never know it has been done. Using a simple Unix command, a
hacker can locate the IP (Internet protocol) address of the subscriber logged
into an Internet service provider. Then he needs only one more thing; a
logged-on Internet user using Microsoft's new operating system.
For businesses with leased line Internet links, it can happen at any time,
day or night. Once the IP address has been noted, the hacker simply creates a
file through DOS on his own system, specifying the address and naming it.
Using two other commands -- which purge the remote names on the IP, or
Internet provider's port -- the system then refreshes and remaps itself in
preparation to be accessed by the hacker's computer.
Because Windows 95 is designed with a networking capability, it leaves all
computers in the office open to illegal access. Once the hacker has called up
his Map Network Drive, the hard disk on his own machine cannot be
differentiated from that of the genuine user. All that need be done then is
to put in a common drive name, most obviously "C:\." For networked machines,
the default "C$" is common.
This gives access to all files on the subscriber's drive. While Windows 95
allows the user to protect the drive by giving it a password, computer
experts Newsbytes talked to said that device won't necessarily lock out
intruders. Because the operating system has no "audit" trail -- in other
words, it does not log who or how someone is accessing the drive -- a hacker
can spend weeks trying to discover the password. Password search programs,
like Cracker, are readily available and can break through most simple
password sequences.
(Joel McCormick & I.T. Daily/19951109)
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin

@_date: 1995-11-14 20:29:33
@_author: jerry the golden retriever 
@_subject: ecash in pcweek 
Opinion: Digital Cash Takes Step Toward Reality
Some people are always looking for new ways to make money. Other people
are always looking for new ways to spend money. They're running headlong
into one another on the Internet. Most of the digital cash and
electronic commerce schemes out there are still in their infancy, but
many of them are predicated on making a transaction fee off the people
who want to buy things in this new, electronic medium.
Making money from people spending money is hardly a shocking
proposition. But all the approaches that call themselves any kind of
"cash" are stretching the definition. To the best of my knowledge, cash
is the thing you can spend without having it costing you a cent, so to
The only way you'll see digital cash without transaction costs is if a
powerful but paternalistic ruling body gets into the business. That
doesn't mean if Microsoft builds it into the operating system, but
rather if the government gets involved and makes some form of electronic
money transfer legal tender, and therefore immune to fiscal
encumbrances. This isn't remotely close to happening, so don't get your
hopes up.
Meanwhile, things are getting pretty interesting in the real world of
digital-cash transactions. Digicash ( has partnered
with the Mark Twain Bank to offer online shoppers a debit card-like "E-
cash" account that they can fill with real money and then use either in
normal purchases or microtransactions from vendors who accept E-cash.
You pay a combination of setup fees, monthly fees, and money-movement
fees, but the overall goal is to make the transactions painless,
transparent, and anonymous. The anonymity factor is a key component of
real cash and a design requirement of Digicash. It's extremely unlikely
that anyone could spoof the system and spend your money; yet you can re-
create your E-cash on your own machine if you have a disk crash.
Portland Software ( has also attacked the issue,
putting itself in the position of vendors who want to sell things
electronically. Its approach, called ZipLock, is suited to selling
software products on the spot but is also suitable for published
content, artistic images, and fonts. It approves your credit and goes
through an unlocking/decrypting routine on the spot. The ZipLock
transaction is much more like a normal credit-card transaction and in
fact uses the communications infrastructure built by a major credit-card
clearinghouse. In effect, it transforms your PC into a point-of-sale
terminal, where all you have to do is enter your credit-card number. If
you're ordering software or other electronically deliverable goods,
they're transmitted and decrypted on the spot. Other merchandise is
delivered via the usual direct-marketing vehicles. Fees are paid by the
merchant, which means that the transaction cost is built into the price.
Although E-cash and ZipLock are hardly the only two electronic-payment
schemes out there, their differences are instructive. Each appears to
have a significant, valid role in building consumer confidence in online
Bill Machrone is vice president of technology for Ziff-Davis Publishing
Co. He can be reached at wmachrone (MCI Mail) or 72241,15 (CompuServe).
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help
If you have any problems, address them to          admin
