
@_date: 1994-01-23 05:16:33
@_author: Sam Hill 
@_subject: The Hunt for the wild "detweiler"||"detweiller"||larry"||"ad nauseam" accounts (Remailer account source filtering 
Source filtering of detweiler remail and anonymous posting requests
from various NIS based accounts in the domain lance.colostate.edu and ntu,edu at Fort collins colorado as well as sending evidence of
account/remailer/anonymous forwarder/posting requests to
postmaster will be facilated by the following accounts list. It was derived from netfind, it is by no means exhaustive but
it is the start of a source denial database. Further possible
hosts in the BIND database be found via nslookup and dig as usual.
traceroutes may detect detweilers attempt to use a connection laundry.
As previous postings from MEDUSA have shown detweiler accounts and hosts
he hides behind can be researched and filtered. Time analysis of the login patterns I beileve will show that the "Jeff Detweiler" is
yet another smokescreen. I also suggest contacting the Internetc NIC listed
POC and informing him of NSFNET AUP's that have been violated.
 The POC's of interest would be for the domains
        Regards
        Sam Hill - blacknet researcher
our key and remailer block follows as usual...
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-01-24 03:56:36
@_author: Sam Hill 
@_subject: the termination of wild "deteiler" accounts 
Hi all,
     I suspect that after was related to me via the  BlackNet
key and anonymous remailer block that come monday we will find
that our problem with LD has evaporated temporarily.
On The subject of "MEDUSA"....
I didnt realize until I got a few responses back that there are a few of you
that post under that pseudonym and typically ALL CAPS posting...
monotonous to read but great fun, you realize all 6 of you, that you and
the tentacles probably have driven that poor soul buggy... great fun....
but its 2-3 of that latest series that I was convinced that was coming from
the same person... and quickly realized that due to syntactical habits
and patterns that you are at least 2 if not 3 people....
and checking over blacknet archives I find good evidence of at least 4-6
additional people.....
bout those non-responses from BlackNet
I am sorry we have to occasionally turn down requests
from our growing subscriber base but we do have to be careful with what falls
into our virtual hands and act as middleman for...
you know who you are... and to the "spooks" we dont do business for or with
 police/govermental/TLA's of any types....  sorry... but you guys really
dont pay your bills in the specified payment methods too well...
if you have something to trade again take it somewhere else...
I heard basically from one of those MEDUSA's that there was a booby trap
in the posting itself by the Original MEDUSA poster that would at
least result in all the nis accounts that MEDUSA paid us to publish
being temporarily if not permanently revoked...
I promised not to tell.... (for one wweek) the only
way we will know is when Detweiller arranges for yet another account
"someplace else" and finds another way to get on the net to belabor
the tentacles for the MEDUSAs actions... I hope source filtering
for remailers is implemented by then...
At least one of the MEDUSA posting made reference to AARM of richard depew fame
would that MEDUSA send it to our penet account for archiving?
Thanx in advance....
       Regards
       Sam Hill - BlackNet researcher
p.s. thanks Perry for your actions regarding the sysadmin...
it worked and coordinated beautifully with the various
MEDUSAs that have corresponded and done business with BlackNet
