
@_date: 1994-11-17 14:28:50
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: Islands in the Net 
Naked data is dumb and computers aren't much smarter.  Computers need  instructions from humans to act on that data, and when you separate the data  from the instructions that act on it you have problems.  If a hunk of data  arrives on your machine and you don't have any code to make sense of it, you  are SOL.  Likewise if the code that interprets that data isn't "correct" for  that data you run into problems.  By making the instructions that act on data  an integral part of that data, you can avoid problems.  This is just the  object-oriented programming concept of encapsulation of course.
Of course, encapsulation (or OOP for that matter) is no silver bullet for  solving this problem at least in the way we are approaching it.  It takes a  lot of code and a lot of agreement among people.  I think it's the human  error (including shortcuts) and the lack of communication among humans that  contributes the most to software fragility and lack of robustness.  What's  more is the distinction between data and code is very well entrenched in  modern computing.   The executable code is nearly always a separate entity  from the data it acts on.  Not only does the hardware and OS make the  distinction between code and data, most programmers do as well.  Even though  C++ seems like the de facto standard for new software these days, few  applications written with it practice strict encapsulation.
There is a blurb in last month's Wired (the one with "Rocket Science" on the  cover) where they touch on this subject a bit (I don't have it handy), but  the author there draws the same conclusion as I:  it will take a very radical  and fundamental change in computing before this becomes reality.  No amount  of committee meeting (CORBA) or application level software sugar (OpenDoc,  OLE, whatever) is going to change this, or at least make it work.  At the  core every machine makes the distinction between data and code.  Operating  systems make distinctions between applications and data files.  Until the  hardware and the OS start believing that data and code are one as well as the  programming languages and APIs, we won't get anywhere.  Heck, computers have  been around for 40+ years and the primary data interchange format between  systems is still just a dumb stream of bit encoded characters.
Maybe.... Agents like TeleScript really intrigue me... and I think the are  closer to what we need to do this than any of the myriad suggestions coming  out of the OOP community (like CORBA, OLE, OpenDoc, etc...).  Intelligent  agents carrying their payload of data through the network.  However, the  agents have to be able to run their code on any machine and without having  the capability to do 'damage' (most institutions _prefer_ to be islands on  the net because of fear of 'hackers').  In addition, the agents, as a  collection of code and data, have to mutatable is some way to be able to  process the data in new ways.
What if remailers were implemented using 'agents'?  Instead of me sending a  dumb message to a smart remailer, what if I could send smart remailer, with  an encrypted message embedded in it, to a friendly machine offering agents  access to SMTP (i.e. a machine that allowed any authorized agent to arrive  and initiate an outgoing tcp stream to the SMTP port of any other machine).   Now I can make my remailer system as convoluted as I want, simply by  programming this agent to cruise around machines that answer when it knocks.   Once it has moved between enough hosts, it moves to a host that offers  outgoing SMTP connections and delivers it's payload.  No longer am I limited  by the time and effort of the remailer operators to implement fancy new  features.  Any machine that gives access to my agent becomes another hop in  my remailer chain (or whatever purpose I want).  All my remailer agent needs  to operate is one host, the final destination, that will let it make an  outgoing SMTP connection, which could be provided by the hosts currently  running remailers.
What if this e-mail message you are reading was really an agent instead of  just data?  A basic e-mail message protocol would be needed for your  mail-reading software to interact with it.  I'm using protocol here in the  sense that NeXT uses it in their version of the Objective-C language.   Protocols there are a formal interface definition for an object that isn't  tied to a class.  If my mail message object (or agent) conformed to the mail  protocol, it would have to implement all of the methods defined in the  protocol (maybe methods like "giveMeTheMessageContents", "deliverThisReply:",  "forwardToThisAddress:", etc...).  Wow, now I have a smart e-mail message.  I  could recode the "deliverThisReply" method to go through anonymous remailer  systems or basically anything it wanted.  Now instead of praying that the  recipient is savvy enough to handle using an encrypted remailer reply block,  the recipient just replies as normal and their mail-reader hands the reply to  my agent which goes off and does it's magic.
I know very little of TeleScript (i.e. I haven't gotten my grubby little  hands on it), but I do know that it implements some crypto features for  authentication and the like.  This type of system won't work unless people  are absolutely sure it's secure.  By secure I mean people should be confident  that when they open their hosts to agents there is no way for agents to  access services not explicitly granted to them...  I think this is the future  of distributed network computing...  servers on the network provide basic  services (by basic I mean CPU time, network connections, disk storage,  etc...) to be utilized by smart agents, as well as smart agents carrying  payloads and interacting with 'normal' software (like in my mail message  There is pretty much no chance that a fundamental paradigm shift in the  relationship between code and data will occur at all levels, at least not all  at once, there's just too much stuff out there already.  But it seems to me  that a well-engineered agent system could be a decent compromise, or a move  towards the end of code/data duality, that has a good chance of gaining  widespread acceptance.

@_date: 1994-12-01 08:21:17
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory sig workaround 
Perhaps I'm wrong, but doesn't MacPGP allow you to sign things on the  clipboard?  Are there any MacPGP users out there?  If this is true (and I  think it is), then I don't see what's holding Tim back...  Compose message,  select all, cut, sign, paste, deliver...

@_date: 1994-12-02 12:06:34
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: First Virtual? 
FV does in fact have a bunch of e-mail addresses that will auto-forward some  info sheets to you.  I have attached the info to this message.
After having read Doug Barnes message (<9412021548.AA17294 I'm glad  I'm not the only one who thinks FV is a joke.  The entire security of the  system rests on the difficulty of intercepting and forging e-mail.  Forging  e-mail is dead easy, intercepting isn't much harder.  While the implementors  are correct that an online payment-system will have to be simple to use in  order to gain wide acceptance, sacrificing all security for ease of use is a  grave mistake.  It just begging to be ripped off, providing people actually  sell something via FV worth ripping off.
Begin forwared message:
Where can I find out more about First Virtual?
The First Virtual GENERAL INFORMATION FAQ is the best place to start if
you  are  looking  for  information  about  First  Virtual. It provides
details about all the FAQ documents  available  via  email,  and  about
additional  information  available  from  our  anonymous FTP and Gopher
servers and our World Wide Web database.
To receive a copy of the GENERAL INFORMATION FAQ, send an email message
to  "help  the  GENERAL INFORMATION FAQ will be sent to you by
email automatically. You can also find a copy in other places:
 * Connect to ftp.fv.com, our anonymous FTP server, and look  in
   the   directory   /pub/docs   for   the   file  called  "FAQ-
   general.txt".
 * Using Mosaic,  Lynx,  or  another  World  Wide  Web  browser,
   connect  to  our  Web page using the URL "
   Look for the link to the "Frequently Asked Questions" page.
Here's a summary of other First Virtual FAQ  documents;  to  receive  a
copy by email, send a message to the specified address:
 * 1-2-3 FAQ -- Steps for getting started -- 123
 * SIGNUP FAQ -- Signing up for an account -- signup
 * BACKGROUND  FAQ  --   Our   company   and   our   vision   --
   background
 * BUYING FAQ -- Buying information -- buying
 * SELLING FAQ -- Selling information -- selling
 * INFOHAUS FAQ -- Using the Infohaus -- infohaus
 * SECURITY FAQ -- Security issues -- security
 * CASHFLOW  FAQ  --  Flow   of   money   in   our   system   --
   cashflow
 * PROBLEMS FAQ -- Dealing with problems -- problems
For  information  in  languages  other  than  English,  send  email  to
To help us provide our services to the public at  the  lowest  possible
cost,  please  search  the  FAQs  before  sending  email  to  our human
operators. Thanks for understanding. And welcome to First Virtual!

@_date: 1994-12-02 14:32:23
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: First Virtual? 
It seems to me that DigiCash mistakenly 'jumped the gun' and announced before  they were truly ready to test.  This is such a common ocurrance in the  computer industry that I'm suprised people are making noise over it.   However, it indicates their reluctance to ship something before it's ready,  which is good considering the technical and political challenges of the task  they are undertaking.
How can you really compare the proposed DigiCash systems versus FirstVirtual?   One is a 'toy' system for moving credit card numbers around without actually  broadcasting them in the clear, the other is a cryptographically secure  digital cash type system.  It's not suprising that FirstVirtual is ready  sooner than DigiCash.  However, assuming each system was ready and working as  advertised, which would you trust for your financial transactions?  With the  possibility of millions and billions of dollars of commerce ocurring on the  net in the near future, which do you think most people will want to use?
While FirstVirtual may have it's place in the world of online payment  systems, it is IMHO no replacement for a real digital cash system.  The fact  that most of the people who have even heard of these new payment systems are  unaware of the not so subtle differences should alarm most cypherpunks.   Digital cash isn't going to happen overnight (although most of us would like  it to), and the last thing we want is for systems like FirstVirtual to become  the de facto standard for online payment...

@_date: 1994-12-07 08:47:22
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd)      Read this, Virus info!! 
Laugh if you want, but this has been possible for years under NeXTSTEP. With  it's Display PostScript system and rich text mail reader, it's easy to send a  PostScript trojan horse via e-mail.  As soon as the message is read, the Mail  app tries to display the text and any images inside, which is probably what  it should do.  However, because EPS images are really just PostScript code,  you can do write a PostScript program that does all sorts of nasty things,  which includes reading and writing files, stick an EPS header on it, and drop  it into a mail message.  The recipient's mail reader will cheerfully run the  received EPS image through the PS interpreter...  All of the EPS trojan  horses I have seen do cute, but harmless, things like melt your screen, make  windows fly around, rearrange your dock, or display animation before  returning things to normal, but they could just as easily erase your home  directory or just about anything else.  After this major security hole became  public knowledge, NeXT provided for 'secure' postscript contexts (safe-DPS if  you will) where some of the nastier postscript operators were disabled.
Anyway, it's more than possible, even when the designers didn't originally  bargain for any type of 'enabled mail.'  And with the proliferation of  Display PostScript based X servers and MIME mail tools, and other more  advanced mail systems on other platforms, we will probably see much more of  this type of thing.

@_date: 1994-12-12 11:31:54
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
PGP does this...   Not only does it complicate nested PGP signed messages,  but if you pgp-sign an entire MIME message (i.e. by sending it to the  autosigning service) instead of placing the signed doc inside the MIME  boundries, it can cause mail readers to not recognize the MIME boundries and  display the letter as normal ASCII-Mail.

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:17:11
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
That would make this counterparty pseudonymity, not anonymity.  The merchant,  while not knowing the true identity of his clients, is still able to  correlate the transactions of individual accounts (and must be able to under  FV's policies).  A malicious merchant, for instance, could recognize that a  particular account is more interested in certain types of information and  charge accordingly.

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:45:31
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Of course, but what if you bought something from a Web server, revealing your  account-id to the server.  A smart server could adjust the prices on pages  that haven't been retrieved yet.  I don't know if this is necessarily  possible with hhtp (i.e. does your client always use the same return port  number for requests during a given instance of the client? ), but you get the idea.  Worse,  linkability of transactions also allows the merchant to do 'payment traffic  analysis' in an attempt to determine the real identities of it's clients.   Many merchants can get together and compare transaction logs as well...
These 'attacks' are a feature of any payment system that has only counter  party pseudonymity (as opposed to anonymity), not just First Virtual...

@_date: 1994-12-19 14:42:13
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: c'punks top 5 
What, IMHO, are the top 5 most important things the cypherpunks should be  concentrating on?  No doubt everyone else has their own ideas of what the  "cypherpunks top 5" (or top 10) is, so please tell us your suggestions.
1.  anonymous http proxy servers ("re-webbers")
2.  PGP compatible crypto library
3.  reply-able remailers that are secure and easier for the recipient
4.  better remailer security (dc-nets)
5.  socket-based keyserver interface for real-time automagic key
    fetches

@_date: 1994-12-19 16:24:01
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: c'punks top 5 
It has been a while since I looked too, does it work with the 'new' format  messages generated by MIT pgp?  Does anyone actually USE pgptools for any  available applications?  As far as I know, nobody uses it.  If nobody uses  PGPtools, then what is the reason?  Either nobody really wants a PGP library  (which isn't true judging from the inquiries on cypherpunks), or something is  wrong with PGPTools.  Is it the documentation like you said?  Maybe some of  us should pick up where pr0duct cypher left off and enhance PGPTools.  This  brings me to another point:
Isn't the file format for PGP supposed to change (I think I remember Colin  telling me this quite a long time ago)?  If it is, should we bother with  PGPtools?  What really is the status of PGP 3.0?  Assuming the file-format  has changed, shouldn't it have been decided by now?  If PGP 3.0 is being  written on top of a portable generic crypto-library, don't you think this,  the foundation of the new PGP, would be ready (after a year+ of working on it  and rumors from developers of PGP 3.0 being out in 6 months?).  There was a  quick thread on this last week and not a peep was heard...   I really wish  somebody who had a clue would fill us in on where PGP 3.0 really stands.  I  have the suspicion that it is not nearly as far as we would like to think.   If this is the case we should probably get cracking on PGPtools.
When I am checking a signature, I want to be able to check that signature  right now!  By the time an e-mail request gets back, I'm a 100 articles down  the line and not interested in checking that signature anymore.  For personal  mail, or REALLY important news articles, I am willing to wait, of course.
The finger-for-keys server at Illuminati Online is an example of real-time  key fetching (although last I tried it didn't work...  either it's no longer  there, or it has moved from wasabi.io.com and I don't know the generic  hostname for their pgp-keyserver), but to access it programatically would  require some parsing and such...  A keyserver that watched a TCP port and had  a very simple protocol (maybe Simple Key Transfer Protocol - SKTP) for  requesting keys, would be keen.
Maybe auto-key fetching isn't something we need to concentrate on...  I was  just throwing out some ideas...

@_date: 1994-12-20 12:46:07
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: c'punks top 5 
It could be run from any user account, like a remailer...  The only problem  there is getting it to start up after the machine has rebooted, etc.  I  suppose a procmail recipie or some other .forward magic could be setup so a  simple e-mail message to the proxy operator account would start the server if  it wasn't running.
I would think that running an anonymous HTTP proxy server is much less likely  to bring people screaming to your sysadmin than an anonymous remailer.  Thus  there is a chance that there could be more people willing to put up the  service than even remailers...   However, while there may be less chance of  forceful shutdown due to complaints, an anon-http proxy server would probably  consume much more in the way of network resources than a remailer, which will  likely lead to many being shutdown once discovered by the sysadmins  (although, maybe not).

@_date: 1994-12-20 15:03:51
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: HTTP redirectors 
Normally a URL can specify an alternate port as well (of course).  A common  one is    This gets around setting up  the proxy without a privileged account.  The only web browser I'm familiar  with (OmniWeb for NeXTSTEP) also allows you to specify the port number for  the proxy.  I was under the impression that all browsers supported alternate  port numbers for proxies since they are commonly used for URLs...  Do Mosiac  and Netscape allow specifying the port for proxy servers?

@_date: 1995-01-18 13:51:11
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: EE Times on PRZ 
My understanding is that once you do the computation to solve a DH exchange   you can use that information to easily solve any exchange under the same  generator and modulus.  So it's important to at least use large enough  numbers to make this unfeasable.  I think it was Suns SecureRPC that shipped  with a fixed (and not big enough) generator and modulus and was not secure  (assuming someone had already done the pre-computation).  Maybe this is what  you were thinking of?
As always, proper generation of components is an important consideration in  implementing public-key systems.

@_date: 1995-01-26 11:24:06
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: Reordering, not Latency (Was: Re: Remailer) 
Perry Metzger replies:
Is this even technically possible?  That is, wholesale monitoring of  disparate portions of the net from a single access point.  Given the  distributed and dynamic properties of the Net this would seem impossible.  To  monitor the entire remailer network an attacker would have to setup packet  sniffers upstream from each and every portion of the Net that contained a  remailer, wouldn't they?
I suppose an extremely resourceful attacker could monitor traffic at crucial  points (i.e. transcontinental feeds, points on the NFSnet, CIX, etc...), but  there are so many private connections linking networks that it would be very  difficult indeed to sniff out every bit of remailer traffic.  Is having every  bit of remailer traffic necessary for traffic analysis?  Or would having a  good percentage of it be sufficient?

@_date: 1995-01-26 12:56:35
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: pgp content type RFC 
Could someone please provide me with the number of the MIME PGP content-type RFC?

@_date: 1995-01-26 16:41:13
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: Win NT security 
actually, NetWare has a 32-bit API, runs on 64-bit hardware (maybe, they have  a SPARC version and may have a PA version, but I haven't kept up), is  multitasking and multithreaded.  Most people don't think of NetWare as a Real  OS(*tm), but it is QUITE robust.  You could put it on someones desk, but it  doesn't run windows.  The main reason it's primarily a server OS is because  Novell markets it that way.
What is really cool about NetWare that has more cypherpunks relavance than  most of this thread is that it has built-in support for single point network  logins via RSA authenticated certificates (the inital password exchange is  encrypted with RSA as well).  This has been a feature for about 2 years now  and is, as far as I know, the only major operating system that has native  support (at all levels of the OS - not a Unix with kerberos thrown in) for  such a thing out of the box.  NetWare has a much more sophisticated security  system than any Unix I've seen or heard about.
My only complaint against Novell here is they think details about the  security system are a big secret (such as RSA key lengths and the specific  PRNG and hashing algorithms used).  Pretty typical corporate mentality at  work...  While they may use RSA, it is my understanding that Novell in the  past has used weak home-grown hashing and encryption algorithms for password

@_date: 1995-02-01 11:28:22
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: Fundamental Question? 
Usenet may be provide good untracability for the recipient, but the if the  sender desires untracability she needs to use a remailer or some other  service to get the message into Usenet.  Also, the recipient needs to know if  and where to look for the message.  If the recipient isn't anticipating the  receipt of a message untracably, or doesn't care if 'they' know she is  receiving the message, then Usenet isn't necessary.

@_date: 1995-02-07 09:37:02
@_author: Andrew Lowenstern 
@_subject: Re: (dis)advantages of DC-Net vs remailers 
The bandwidth is the easy part.  Building clients that do a DC protocol with  real-world reliability and resistance to denial of service is the hard part.   And doing all this in a package that would be easy to get people to use is  probably the hardest part.
The only way I know of to deal with denial of service is for everyone to  reveal their flips and kick the attackers out of the net.  However, if  someone is legitimately transmitting that round they loose their  untraceability.  So pretty much the only way to do it is ensure that only one  participant has permission to transmit and that the participant with  permission gets to decide if everyone shows their hands.
A way to do this would be to have a separate reservation phase of the  protocol.  In the reservation phase all of the participants 'bid' on a token.   Whoever gets the token has permission to transmit during that round.  If  collisions have been occurring, the participant holding the token can demand  that everyone reveal their flips.  I think there is a paper describing a  protocol for this, but I don't have access to a library with crypto material.
The protocol for distributing the token would be somewhere between an  All-Or-Nothing-Disclosure-Of-Secrets and a poker card dealing protocol.  Only  one person should be able to get the token and nobody should know who got it.   To make it more complicated, for people to be able to transmit in a timely  fashion, you should be able to specifically request the token when you want  it (so you would have a 1/n chance of getting it with n being the total  number of participants wanting to transmit that round), and not have any  chance of getting it when you don't want to transmit.  In addition the  generation of the token(s) should be secure so that none of the participants  have to trust anyone that only one participant can get a valid transmit  I can think of a way to do this with a mental poker protocol.  The only  problem is there is always a 1/n chance of getting the transmit token (where  n is the total number of participants), whether you want it or not.  I  believe it also requires some trust in the 'dealer'...  Anyway, the deck  would consist of 1 transmit token and n-1 blank tokens.  Immediately after  the transmit phase the participant holding the token can optionally demand  that everyone reveal their flips.  To do that the participant would reveal  their valid transmit token.  At that point everyone else would reveal their  blank transmit tokens (to make sure there are no duplicates).  If anyone  refuses to reveal their blank token, they are removed from the net.  Once  it's been determined that there is only one valid transmit token, everyone  reveals their flips.
In theory all of this stuff would work, but implementing it is a different  story.  For a DC net to be practical, it would have to run completely without  human intervention.  Maybe a client could be placed in your .login or shell  rc file and would run in the background whenever you were logged in.  It  could keep running after you logged out if you had a message in your queue to  be sent out.  Clients must be smart enough to synchronize rounds and remove  participants who aren't responding fast within time-outs, etc...   automatically attempt to 'lay a trap' when collisions have been occurring,  figure out who is disrupting or not following protocol and remove them or  alternately have the client drop out of the DC-Net when protocol hasn't been  followed to satisfaction (duplicate tokens in one round, etc...), etc...
Quite a tall order, and for how much more untraceability than the current  remailer system?  Even if it is implemented you still have to get people to  use it.  The current remailer system can be used with no software  Still, it's an interesting prospect, as it offers real sender and receiver  untraceability within the group of participants.  But is it worth it?
(apologies for the length...)

@_date: 1995-07-19 13:08:21
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: "Hey Phil! Stop telling people *not* to use PGP!" (plus: "help mewith my PGP problems!") (fwd) 
This has been hashed over on the list many, many times in the past.  I  suspect there are competent programmers out there who want to write  easy-to-use interfaces for PGP (I know at least one), but there are problems.   To write a good GUI interface (with proper key-management features) on  Windows or Mac, for instance, you need to have access to PGP's internal  crypto routines as well as the routines for reading and writing PGP messages  and key certificates.  The problem is that the PGP 2 code does not have the  internal 'core' routines separated from it's command-line interface.
The answers are to either shell out to PGP (which, AFAIK, is what every  interface except MacPGP does), hack the PGP 2 code, or use PGPTools.
Shelling out to PGP isn't going to cut it for a slick GUI package, especially  if you want to have a decent key-management interface.  You could do it, but  it will be slow and kludgy and you will have to change it all when PGP 3  comes out.
Hacking PGP would be a major effort.  Additionally, there is risk of  introducing a subtle flaw in the crypto routines.  However, the main killer  is that PGP 3 is going to have a brand new key-ring format along with many  other enhancements, fixes, and other changes to the crypto code.  All of the  work will have to be done again to bring the interface up to date when PGP 3  is released, which could be within 6 months (who knows?).
PGPTools is buggy and not supported.  Any effort to bring PGPTools up to a  stable level would likely be thrown away when PGP 3 is released.
The real solution is that PGP 3 will have all of it's core routines in a  separate library with a stable API specifically for the purpose of writing  slick interfaces.  So basically all of the would-be PGP interface developers  are waiting for beta releases of the library.  Unfortunately, this has been  the situation for almost two years now.  By now the PGP 2 code could have  been completely turned into a library with a clean API and no command-line  interface remnants, but developers have been discouraged by the promise of  PGP 3 coming out 'RSN'...
...still waiting for pgp 3 news...

@_date: 1995-07-21 13:37:47
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Java (was Netscape: the big win) 
How about the old-standbys:  remailers.  Mixmaster is definitely where the  technology is at, but it requires a client to use...  Of course, with Java,  there is the potential that _any_ user from any platform could connect to the  Mixmaster Web page, get the client software, and start using the remailer  network.  Without having to compile, know anything, etc...
If a Mixmaster client were available in Java (and I'm pretty sure it can be  done) then suddenly everyone who previously could only use the penet server  can now also use Mixmaster.  With more people using the remailer network, all  of them with Java clients, the possibility of for-pay remailers could become  reality (no promises that you'll get rich though).
There are many crypto-anarchy applications as well:
Key cracking.  If you can write a key-cracker and keyspace fetcher in Java,  then people can join key cracking efforts as easily looking up an URL.  It  may not be nearly as efficient as the highly optimized C versions used in the  current RC4-40 efforts, but there's going to be millions of potential workers  this way.  If you were charging money to break keys (or you were looking for  keys that are very valuable to you), you could set up the worker client to  accept e-cash for in return for searching keyspace "Click here to earn money  while you aren't using your machine..."   Ensuring that workers are actually  searching the keyspace and other implementation details is left as an  exercise for the reader.
e-instrument or information exchanges, with Java interfaces for bidding,  buying, selling, etc...
DataHavens, which would probably require complex (internally) software to use.
I'm sure the online casino people are salivating over the prospects too...
Basically any fancy crypto application that requires a custom client to  operate...  Since its platform independent, efforts will be put to better use  as well.

@_date: 1995-07-21 16:18:35
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: The OS wars and DOOM... 
Being a resident of the NeXTSTEP ghetto, please allow me to chime in.  While  Doom is written on NeXTSTEP boxes, that's about all the game itself has in  common with it.  The game is carefully written in strict ANSI-C and any  portions that must be OS specific are separate.  They have a VGA emulator  that allows them to run Doom on non-DOS boxes.  All of the platform  independance comes from the discipline of the developers (who are extremely  talented, IMHO).  In contrast, Lotus Improv was NeXT native and had to be  completely rewritten over a period of at least 3 years to get it to work on  The primary reason Id software (and Trilobyte among others) uses NeXTSTEP  (over DOS or any other unix environment) is because it lets them write  in-house tools like map and monster editors really fast (and really slick  too!).  On any other platform it would take much more time and effort to  write the tools and they probably wouldn't be as nice either.  Since these  tools aren't being sold to customers, it doesn't matter that they only run on  a dead-end niche software platform that costs $1000 per user (and $5k per  This strategy makes sense for a commercial video game where there is the  opportunity to save major amounts of time and effort through the use of  custom tools (and the incentive of major amounts of cash if it is  successful).  However, this strategy definitely doesn't make sense when you  are talking about a cypherpunk donating their spare time to write a freeware  (or copyleft) crypto app.  Better would be to just write the app for the  target platform or write it using an environment that is designed to be  platform independant (like Java).
...able to work cypherpunks relevance into virtually any thread......and uses  Python instead of NeXTSTEP when writing stuff that needs to be

@_date: 1995-07-24 07:30:45
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: An idea about Java and remailer clients and servers... 
Running a remailer is forbidden by many ISP usage agreements.  Many of the  potential users of a remailer may not be able to 'pony-up' a few hours of  remailer operation lest they loose their account.  I thought the idea was to  get more people using the remailers, not fewer (perhaps just fewer  Also, users must be aware of a remailer (and have its public key) to use it.   I suppose you could temporarily add the user to a web page which clients  checked for a list of current remailers.  However, there are issues of  reputations of long-running remailers, etc...

@_date: 1995-07-28 08:00:11
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Banks and Crypto - Again 
"Breaking DES keys in a reasonable amount of time could be prohibitively  costly for Banks due to the high level of electronic funds transfers secured  by DES."

@_date: 1995-08-09 13:23:23
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Crypto = Competitive Advantage? 
It may have "opened" at $28, but the first bid was $71 and now it's trading  at $50something.  Not quite so spectacular as at first glance...  So unless  you shorted it or were an insider it wasn't such a hot thing (so far).   Quarterdeck is probably a better buy.
ob crypto:  the "top secret" source just posted looks interesting... 64-bit  blocks, 80-bit keys, 32 rounds hmmmm....

@_date: 1995-08-18 15:21:38
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Export policy change 
hey, my escrow service will store your keys on modern equipment...  Plus, I  don't care you encrypt your key (with still-legal, non-exportable,  escrow-free, strong-crypto) before you escrow it.  :-)

@_date: 1995-08-23 09:31:04
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Certificates/Anonymity/Policy/True Names 
[...hypothetical screwups by CA leading to lawsuits snipped...]
What about when the CA signing key is stolen, factored, or otherwise falls  into the wrong hands, thereby possibly making every signature made by the CA  worthless, or at least questionable?
I assume liability will be based on the CA's efforts to ensure the integrity  of the signatures it makes (and therefore the confidentiality of the secret  key components), but what constitutes due diligence?  As we all know,  security measures cover a very wide range and can reach ridiculous  proportions on both ends of the spectrum...  How much security will be  'enough' from a legal standpoint...?

@_date: 1995-08-23 09:54:33
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: DES & RC4-48 Challenges 
If I read this correctly, then the keys used for generation of the chosen  plaintext-cyphertext pairs is irrelevant and once the required computation is  done, one can crack any '...one of the keys can be cputed in real time while  it is still valid.'..
So what, exactly does this mean?  Can I do most, if not all of the feeding of  chosen plaintext into my personal DES box in my basement, do the required  computation (admittedly there is a lot of work to do here), then go out and  start breaking wire-transfers with a minimal of chosen plaintext?  That is  what the above quotation would seem to imply.
Seems incredible...  I surely must be reading much more into the passage than  is really there...

@_date: 1995-08-28 08:38:45
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: random coincidences 
So who here knows 80x86 assembler, is handy with a debugger, and has a few  hours of spare time to figure out the PRNG?

@_date: 1995-08-28 09:24:04
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: SSL trouble 
Pardon me here, as I don't mean to belittle your considerable efforts, but I  think it was a mistake to make such loud announcements (posted to sci.crypt  for instance) when the software was alpha!  The software should have been  tested and stable before the general public was invited to participate and  "see how fast we can break SSL"  As expected, lots of people tried to  participate and the software just couldn't handle it.
How many patched versions of the client software were distributed after the  effort had started?  If you want to do it as fast as possible, you can't be  constantly updating your client software.
I think protocol issues are a Red Herring.  If your server had been able to  handle more than one client at a time it would have stood a chance.  Why  didn't it fork?  Sure, forking isn't the most efficient way to handle  multiple clients, but HTTP servers (as well as SMTP and FTP) manage to handle  hundreds of thousands of requests each day that way.  One client at a time  with a 30-second timeout was just plain dumb...
I would recommend thorough testing of the software on many platforms and with  realistic loads before the next public effort (there are plenty of willing  testers on the cypherpunks list).  I tried to join in the effort and after  discovering that the client software was firing off multiple brutessl  processes, I decided to wait until the client stabilized.  I attempted to  reject the keyspace I allocated through the WWW interface, but that didn't  even work!!

@_date: 1995-08-29 10:31:12
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: SSL trouble 
Single-user is just plain silly.  With a fast timeout you still have problems  with misconfigured clients hogging the server and legitimate clients that are  running a little slow will also have problems.  The server in the second  challenge did have a fast timeout (it was too fast to easily query the server  by hand, for instance) and it still wasn't adequate.  I can't imagine making  the timeout smaller.  multi-user is the only way to go...

@_date: 1995-09-05 09:45:12
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
Peter Gutmann writes in an article quoted by Christian Wettergren
   ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 	
   ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 	
Assuming Peter Gutmann is correct, a memory test program "probably" won't do much.
Of course, you data must be worth quite a pretty penny for an attacker to  attempt to recover data from the oxides on the cells in your RAM.

@_date: 1995-09-05 14:21:26
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
As always, Rubber Hose Cryptanalysis(*tm, patent pending) is usually the  cheapest way to go...if you're a federal government.
But not all threats are that serious.  For instance, I have no fears that the  admins here would grovel over the oxides on RAM cells in order to determine  the pass-phrase of my PGP key if they suspected me of doing something naughty  (even if they knew this was possible, which is unlikely).
You can get really paranoid about security and rightly so if your opponent is  a federal government.  However, pushing key-material bits around RAM in order  to prevent them from being burned into the chips is probably going to do you  little good if, for instance, a hardware keystroke monitor is surreptitiously  installed in your keyboard (which is likely far cheaper and easier than  analysing RAM chips and maybe even disk platters).
BTW, this is not a troll and I know that the possible constitutionality of  court-ordered disclosure of passphrases or key-material has been hashed over  many times in the past here, but have any cases with this particular  attribute gone through court yet?  There were reports even years ago of  pedophiles and other agents of the Four Horsemen using PGP to encrypt diaries  and such, have any of these cases gone to court yet and did the prosecution  attempt to force the defendant to reveal a passphrase??
(wonders how many readers will take their keyboards apart to look for radio

@_date: 1995-09-08 09:16:08
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
Could this be it?  The test case for forced key disclosure?  The  Scientologists seem very determined and already have a grudge against  Wollersheim (according to a web page I saw Co$ owes him several million from  a settlement).  Has Co$ filed against Wollersheim over this yet?
If this does go to court and forcing Wollersheim to reveal the key becomes a  central issue, is this the test case "we" want?  Is this a "BIG WIN FOR PGP!"  or not?
I can think of worse cases for this to come up in.  I.E. a four horseman  case.  Here the party seeking forced disclosure of the key (Co$) is  presumably already held in low esteem by much of the public (IMHO).  I  suppose how this will play in the media, if at all, depends on what the  "church" thinks Wollersheim has hidden in his encrypted data files.
It seems that the US media hasn't picked up much on the Scientology debacle  yet... or am i wrong?

@_date: 1995-09-08 09:55:01
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
Well, I don't have the PGP 'conventional' encryption format memorized, but  there is probably a constant after the IV that is prepended to the data.  The  constant is used to determine if the key is correct.  Since the conventional  encryption runs in CFB mode and there is a full block of random IV at the  beginning of the file, it is extremely unlikely that a key could be found  that would properly decrypt only the first two blocks while leaving the rest  Not really.  Even if you could find an IDEA key that would produce the  desired output it would be hard to find a passphrase that would produce that  key when hashed.  One of the properties of one-way hash functions is that it  is difficult to find a plaintext that produces a given hash.  Hence the term  'one-way'....  Even if you did find a passphrase (which, if MD5 is strong,  would require something like 2^64 operations), it would likely be long, have  8-bit chars, and would be impossible to type in.  It would be tough to  convince anyone that it was the real passphrase.

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:05:58
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: GAK Hacks 
This is an excellent idea, assuming the new CA's key will fit in the same  amount of space or less than the test CA.  How big is the test key?
Of course, Netscape could decide to remove the test CA certificate from  future versions of the browser.  However, you could probably replace the  Verisign certificate with your CA certificate and then have your CA sign the  Verisign certificate so the browser can still use both.  :-)
I don't think this is necessary as domestic versions of Netscape have already  been exported and are available on non-U.S. FTP sites...
It only makes it harder to patch.  Anyone with a clue knows that there is no  such software-only protection that can't be defeated.  Even hardware/software  dongle type protection can be defeated by altering the software to not check.

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:35:59
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Hacking banking (fwd) 
David Weisner writes, in a message forwarded by Brad Dolan:
Perhaps this is related to the recent Citicorp (Citibank?  I have trouble  keeping up...) job done by the people in Russia?

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:43:41
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: 64-bit GAK && 128-bit hashes 
The recent guidelines for proposed export regulations from NIST include  64-bit keys and several people here have commented that this implies NSA  ability to brute-force 64-bit keys now or in the near future ("belt and  suspenders").  How does this bode for 128-bit hash functions such as MD5?  If  64-bit encryption algorithms can be brute-forced, could birthday attacks and  the like on 128-bit hashes be feasable as well?  Perhaps the crypto community  should start serously considering moving away from MD5 and towards 160-bit  hashes such as SHA or even 256-bits...

@_date: 1995-09-12 09:29:17
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Digital Fingerprinting 
Such technology would be very useful in business, especially the high-tech  industry.  Think of how many non-disclosure agreements are signed every day  relating to new products developed for the software industry alone.  Many  companies are very paranoid and already 'fingerprint' information by using  unique code-names for projects, for instance.  i.e. the spec sheet on their  new GAK crypto product they give to Alice may be code-named 'project foobar'  but the one they give to Bob may be code-named 'project burris'...  Then,  when the information leaks out they check which person they gave the document  with that code-name and they know who to sue (or at least not give any more  trade-secrets to).  It's very simplistic but it has been know to work in the  Most of the real technology for doing this is much better, of course...   However, what stops you from printing out a fingerprinted document and  scanning it back in, for instance?

@_date: 1995-09-12 10:03:01
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Elliptic Curve Public Key Crypto available 
What about NeXT's Fast Elliptic Encryption (FEE)?  Their research guy,  Richard Crandall, came up with major speedups to elliptic curve encryption.   In fact, there was a simple cryptosystem that shipped as a demo with NeXTSTEP  2.0.  What was most interesting about this system was that it didn't store  any keys anywhere;  your public/private key pair was generated _on the fly_  from your passphrase every time you encrypted or decrypted....on a 25mhz  68040 too...   and it was fast!  It wasn't that great of an implementation  (you _really_ need a lot of bits of entropy in that passphrase, and you can't  change your passphrase without changing your PK), but it shows how fast  NeXT's speedups are.  And this was in 1990...
I'm not sure if the speedups are patented, but you could try a literature  search.  If it really is fast then it could mean good things for servers that  need to do a lot of enrcyption/decrption for interaction with clients.

@_date: 1995-09-13 09:32:16
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
Encryption does little to protect you from hidden cameras and microphones (or  informants!).  If you already know your target then you can probably get  around encryption (sure it's not as simple as a wiretap, but hey, nobody said  it had to be easy).  Encryption prevents 'fishing expeditions' and  unauthorized monitoring;  this is what the LEAs don't want to admit.

@_date: 1995-09-19 08:38:28
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Netscape Crack 
John Markoff in the NYT said:
Does this sound to anyone else like a pretty short amount of time to code and  test a decent source of entropy for the PRNG?  <...and someone else said it  should be out in a day or so!>
Oh, can we now expect to see source to at least the security portions of  Navigator and the Commerce server?

@_date: 1995-09-19 09:58:16
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Verification of Random Number Generators 
But this wouldn't have solved Netscape's problem.  Netscape was using a  pretty good PRNG (the one in RSAREF).  The problem was they were/are using a  naive method of seeding it.  The output of the PRNG would have been  statistically random, but since the seed had ridiculously little entropy it  was easy to guess.

@_date: 1995-09-19 10:39:18
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Ian posted the code for the PRNG on August 30th and Stephen Kapp noted that  it was similar to one in RSAREF.  The PRNG is probably fine.  The big flaw  here was the collection of seed material.  The bottom line is the WHOLE  security subsystem should be published for analysis.
Netscape did this with SSL and what happened was the rest of the industry  jumped on it before any analysis was done.  Now we are likely stuck with a  poor protocol.
The design may be great, but if the implementation is flawed then you aren't  much better off.  To attempt to evaluate the security of a system you need to  be able to inspect the implementation.  Period.
Netscape may have hot programmers but so far I believe it has become  self-evident that they know little about crypto and implementing  To Netscape's credit, Jeff Weinstein claims that the team implementing the  security for Navigator 2.0 is completely new and of course Netscape has hired  Tahir ElGamal, who certainly knows what he is doing.  Additionally I would  suspect that with all the bad publicity they are receiving they would take up  Bidzos on RSADSI's offer to analyze the source.  So it is entirely possible  that Navigator 2.0 will be much better.  However, I am not holding my breath.
Strong crypto is _hard_ to implement properly.  Even if a product is using a  well-known algorithm there could be any number of subtle flaws that can  destroy any security offered by such algorithm.  You can't just toss in RSA,  IDEA, RC-4, DES, etc... and claim the thing is secure.

@_date: 1995-09-19 15:10:11
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Cylink 
anonymous claims the WSJ said:
hahahaha, this is funny if it's true...  Anyone know which two patents they  are referring to? (diffie-hellman and merkle-hellman?)
Any ideas on how this will change the legal status of RSAREF and PGP?

@_date: 1995-09-26 12:56:19
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: getting netscape to support the remailers 
Netscape doesn't need to support remailers explicitly since Netscape will be  supporting Java.  I think a remailer client is within Java's capabilities...   Anyone disagree?

@_date: 1995-09-28 15:26:57
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: awards for hacking microsoft 
Don't tell that to the people on the ECM mailing list!  People there have  been trading cyberbucks for RealMoney.  The last successful trade I saw was  100 cyberbucks for 4 UK pounds...

@_date: 1995-10-28 01:55:29
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Mark Twain Bank's DigiCash offer 
The gotcha being that as long as your money is in the "mint" it is not under  FDIC protection...  Just how safe your cash is when it is in the mint is  entirely related to the security of Mark Twain's systems, which are  high-profile machines that will surely be subjected to many cracking  attempts.  Some may prefer to keep complete control over their cash and store  all of it themselves.  Unlike physical cash, this stuff can be split up,  encrypted, and stored in multiple places, possibly offering more security  than the Mark Twain "mint."

@_date: 1995-11-02 09:29:16
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: S. 1284 To Amend (C) Act 
IANAL, but I thought these types of laws were already tested and deemed  unconstitutional in cases involving video-tape copying boxes, dual video  cassette dubbing decks, SCMS 'scrubbers', etc...

@_date: 1995-10-05 09:07:21
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
You would have to collect quite a few cancels just to get one pair of valid  hashes for a message you want to cancel...  You don't even need to collect  cancels from control; you could just start hashing 128-bit strings until you  got one that hashed to M2.  The catch is you would have to hash on the order  of 2^64 strings for MD5, for instance.  That's a lot of hashing to cancel one  article...  It's likely going to be much less work to try to guess the  passphrase used to generate M1.  There is also a better than average chance  that the target used the same passphrase to lock multiple posts...

@_date: 1995-10-05 17:12:40
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: NetManage & Cylink Crypto 
^^^^^^^^
Hey, this is interesting...  will Skipjack be included in future NetManage  products or is this press-release only mentioning Skipjack as an example of a  possible encryption algorithm for use with NetManage?
"Gentlemen, start your disassemblers."

@_date: 1995-10-06 10:35:53
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Graphic encryption 
I believe graphic encryption outputs a valid image file that is apparently  white noise until you perform the decryption transformation on it.  An  obvious way to do this with a non-lossy file format is to encrypt pixel vales  with a stream cipher.  Another way to make the image unviewable would be to  shuffle the pixels or rasters with a PRNG.

@_date: 1995-12-12 14:05:35
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: NIST GAK meeting writeup, LONG part 3 of 3 
Pat Farrell writes in his report on thi NIST GAK meeting:
Jim Bell Responds:
well, since the subject at hand is Escrow Agent Criteria, "Geoff" is probably  talking about the failure of an escrow agent to release a key upon production  of "lawful authorization" ....

@_date: 1995-12-14 12:17:17
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: And the standard continues to lower... 
Dr. Brian L. Crissey includes in his .sig, courtesy of cactus
[ much WRT YetAnotherSecureInternetCreditCardPaymentSystem(*tm) deleted ]
However, the Ark was *designed* by GOD (if you believe the story).  Can Dr.  Brian L. Crissey say the same thing about his payment system?

@_date: 1995-12-15 13:55:41
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: e-mail forwarding, for-pay remailers 
Why does an account provider need a snail-address and phone-number?  Usually  for billing purposes.  However, this isn't necessary for accounts paid with  ECash.  I believe C2.org already offers non-dialup access accounts, paid for  with ECash, that do not require a valid snail-address or phone-number.  I am  sure that there will be many more to come.

@_date: 1995-12-04 10:22:34
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: INTERNET SECURITY RISKS FOR CONSUMERS OVERBLOWN 
Sure, if you wanted to steal a card number or two the ground around a  gas-station would probably be a good choice.  However, if you wanted to steal  a thousand card numbers (or maybe even thirty thousand), just sniff packets  off a hub near a large Web site that accepts unencrypted (or weakly  encrypted) card transactions or hack your favorite ISP's machines.
It really bothers me that officers at companies writing net commerce software  are regularly quoted in the trade rags comparing the relatively little risk  of a single net card transaction vs. a transaction at a restaraunt or gas  station.  We aren't talking about a crooked clerk who handles at most a few  hundred cards per day or an unlocked dumpster with maybe the same number of  carbons in it.  We are talking about potentially hundreds of thousands of  card numbers whizzing through a single point that could be easily (and  undetectably) monitored and recorded with off-the-shelf-equipment for later  analysis.  Even if the transactions are encrypted, a single exploitable  weakness discovered after widespread deployment could compromise massive  numbers of cards.  The stakes are much higher and this will invite much more  sophisticated crooks to attempt to defraud the system.

@_date: 1995-12-04 12:52:02
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: INTERNET SECURITY RISKS FOR CONSUMERS OVERBLOWN 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
You just said it right there.  The cost doesn't go away.  Just because  individual credit card holders each only have to pay for a small fraction of  the fraud pie doesn't make it right for executives to be saying that it is  safe.  Any more than it is right for cellular companies to completely ignore  security concerns because "the total cost is still pretty small to the  The point is that these costs, no matter how small at the individual  cardholder level, are avoidable.  Why should consumers have to pay for fraud  that can be prevented?  By ignoring security concerns, encouraging people to  use card numbers in an unsafe manner, and then passing the fraud burden onto  the individual customers, card issuers will basically be stealing money from  the consumers much in the same way that cellular telcos have been doing for

@_date: 1995-12-04 14:08:10
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
Rich (rsalz responds:
But "CyberCash" isn't cash...
DigiCash == THE company with digital cash technology
CyberCash == Yet Another Company with a Net Credit Card Payment System

@_date: 1995-12-08 19:08:51
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
Rev. Mark Grant responds:
But setting up an active attack is probably a hell of a lot easier than  breaking 128-bit RC-4 (or even 64-bit).

@_date: 1995-12-19 09:38:34
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Java and timing info - second attempt 
Since access to a private key should always be strictly mediated by the user  any Java implementation would probably pop up a panel asking permission for  every single private-key encryption operation requested by the applet.  The  timing attacks require many timed encryptions to get enough information about  the key.  Even if the user was completely clueless and had no idea what the  applet was trying to do I would imagine that they would get tired of clicking  "OK" long before sufficient key information was leaked .....
Of course it would be a lot easier for the applet to just try to read the  secret key file, encrypt it with an embedded public key, and post it to  alt.anonymous.messages.  Depending on how security was setup there might be  only one or two panels that the user has to dismiss.  It would probably get  past the same number of clueless users that a more complicated timing attack  would fool.

@_date: 1996-01-19 06:58:03
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Espionage-enabled Lotus notes. 
TC May responds:
I think it's also time to break out the old "Big Brother Inside" stickers and  start applying them to copies of Notes...

@_date: 1996-01-25 04:56:21
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
Why not just print out all of the source code to Navigator (crypto and all)  in a nice OCR font?  Paper is exportable.  Then you would 'only' have to scan  it back in and debug it.

@_date: 1996-01-26 21:26:35
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: German home banking (fromn RISKS) 
No, and a lot of crackers and phone phreaks found out the hard way.  You can  buy protocol analysers off-the-shelf that will give a dump of the entire  communication by just passively listening in (or possibly playing back a  recording).  I have seen units that could decode all of the popular Blue Book  protocols for consumer equipment such as faxes and high-speed modems as well  as ISDN, T1, DS3, ATM, etc...  Most are programmable and some are full-blown  computers running stripped down versions of Unix and can also be controlled  over the network from RealComputers.  With multiple analysers and a little  custom software you could easily perform MITM attacks.  The hardest part is  getting in the middle.
Modulation, comm-protocols, and compression techniques are not a replacement  for honest to goodness crypto.

@_date: 1996-02-03 08:21:27
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: PGP "official" logo? (a.k.a. the Return of the Logo Wars) 
If you consult the archives you will find the decayed remains of many  cypherpunks whose blood was shed in the "Logo Wars" of years past.
Instead of having another logo war on the mailing list and having to shout  over the din of accounts and subjects hitting the bottom of subscriber's kill  files, I'll sum it up for you:  If you have a cool logo, put it on your own web  pages (or get someone to put it on theirs).  Then post the URL on the mailing  list.  If others like it they will use it.  Welcome to anarchy.
Forget contests (unless you want to pony up the prizes and the judges), forget  voting, forget juries presided by PRZ (he has more important things to do...),  forget trying to get a consensus on the mailing list...  Still, if you feel  you must select a logo in public, set up your own mailing list for discussing  the logo...
I doubt that there will be a large number of logos produced (if any...).  If  one person comes up with a logo that is obviously better than all the rest then  people will use it.  If nobody puts logos on their pages then it probably  wasn't meant to be.

@_date: 1996-02-21 13:58:29
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: DES_ono 
Dr. Dimitri Vulis  responds:
Can you recommend some suitable S-Box configurations that might make GOST as  secure as we think IDEA or 3DES is?

@_date: 1996-03-06 06:51:01
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Gov't run anon servers 
While a solution like that would be optimal, even just a version of  Mixmaster that can use a secure RSA card would do wonders for security.  The  secret key is protected in the card and can't be stolen, even by root,  without physically stealing the card.  As long as the most of the remailers  in your chain don't have compromised secret keys, it probably won't matter  too much if the individual ops can examine the messages flowing through their  The cards are getting cheaper and can be bought off the shelf (for now).   The hardest part of retrofitting existing remailer software would probably be  extracting the data from the remailer packet and formatting it properly for  the card to do encryption operations on it (and back).

@_date: 1996-03-12 14:18:38
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Mile High Snakeoil 
I was flipping through a copy of Spirit, the official magazine of Southwest  Airlines, while on a flight to Vegas and found a thoroughly enjoyable  advertisement for a crypto product.  Underlines and emphasis are theirs.
----  Begin Snake-Oil Advertisement  ----
__UNBREAKABLE__ COMPUTER SECURITY AND PRIVACY AT A __BREAKTHROUGH__ LOW PRICE!
Stonewall-Drawbridge - Encryption Sytem
In the face of the increasingly dangerous invasion of professional, business  and personal privacy, unbreakable computer security at an affordable cost is  a must.  Lawyers, Accountants, Doctors, other professionals whose stock in  trade is confidential information are especially vulnerable to malpractice as  a result of unprotected information.  It is important to deal with this very  real potetial problem before it becomes a problem.  Every business, every  individual must also be concerned about computer security.  Encryption can  now be used to secure everything from credit card numbers to legal documents.   Encryption through totally unbreakable Stonewall-Drawbridge is your  ultimate security blanket.
*Available Only to United States Citizens*
STONEWALL an unbreakable, streaming type algorithm, 100 to 10,000 times  faster than other encryptions.  Stonewall compresses prior to encryption,  eliminating the possible invasion of your computer files.  Its key cannot be  broken except by random chance, once in a million years.  Good for DOS;  Windows 3-1;  Windows 95 operating systems.....   ......$195
DRAWBRIDGE applies mathematical algorithms to encrypt messages and uses a  quasi-infinite, one-way transfer to ensure veracity.  Drawbridge uses an  Infinite Venegere Key (IVK), combined with a one-way private key transfer  which is impossible to break, except by chance, once in a million years.  It  also incorporates a forge-proof digital signature for verification and  authentication insuring absolute transmittal protection.
STONEWALL-DRAWBRIDGE ENCRYPTION SYSTEM provides unbreakable security  protection for your "need to protect" files, archives and computer to  computer transmission.  The Stonewall-Drawbridge System is the ultimate  encryption system, unmatched by anything else available...at a price that is  significantly lower than any competitive product.  This means it is  affordable for every professional, business or individual who needs and seeks  total and unfailing computer security....especially on the  (includes a second system for your choice of contact)
(800) 610-0859  Mr. Thomas
(30 Day Money Back Guarantee)
Make Checks Payable to: HWI
747 E. Green Street, Suite 300, Pasadena , CA 91101-2119
----  End Snake-Oil Advertisement  ----

@_date: 1996-03-22 05:37:43
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Enquirer Request 
Would some kind soul please forward to me a copy of the latest Cypherpunk  Enquirer?  My filter mistakenly tossed the last copy and the archive at  hks.net is still down.
(who should probably rewire his filter to toss messages into a temporary  'holding tank')

@_date: 1996-04-13 14:28:18
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Why there are so many cluless people 
I heard that Internet Privacy Guaranteed is coming out with their own set of  cassette tapes...  ;-)
"Become a cryptanalyst in 21 days, while you sleep, or your money back!"

@_date: 1996-04-19 06:52:05
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: NSA/Lotus public key (was Re: [IRS] Elvis in Escrow) 
Does anyone know how many bits it is?  If it is 512 or less it may be a good  candidate for a public key factoring.

@_date: 1996-04-19 12:48:19
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) RE: Noise Sphere in Java 
"Statistical tests cannot find good (P)RNG's, only bad ones."  This has been  said before in various ways on the list, but it is worth repeating...

@_date: 1996-04-20 05:59:25
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
The Venona breaks came because the NSA had a lot of encrypted traffic and  some pads were used more than once, which is hardly a tiny toehold.  After  years of dragging intercepted messages through each other, something finally  popped out.  Messages encrypted with pads that were only used once are still  unbroken, AFAIK, even though the pads were simply generated by clerks banging  on keyboards.
Still, a tiny toehold is all a good analyist needs to break a non-OTP  cryptosystem, which attempts to protect a lot of information with only a  little bit entropy.

@_date: 1996-05-04 14:50:05
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: ITARs and the Export of Classes and Methods 
The Python programming language has built-in support for multiple bignum  packages (including the GNU MPZ library).  It also has MD5 built-in.  Andrew  Kuchling also has written a nice crypto package that gives you access to a  lot of good crypto primitives.  The language was written in the Netherlands,  is free to use for any purpose (commercial or otherwise), easily runs on  EVERYTHING (Mac, DOS, Windoze, NT, just about any flavor of unix, etc...), is  embeddable, and has a Nutshell book about to be published.  Check it out...

@_date: 1996-05-11 14:06:17
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: PGP, Inc. 
All the first level cert means, and nothing more, is "The name associated  with this key is unique among the first level keys certified by Verisign."   No effort is made to 'verify' the name.  If you register your pseudonym with  all of the high-profile CA's that allow it, before you first use the nym, it  becomes much harder to spoof your nym's key.  Assuming, of course, that it is  customary for nym's to get their keys certified and for people to check  Bill Stewart, I believe, informally operates a CA that will sign unique nyms keys.

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:18:51
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Senator, your public key please? 
T.C. May (tcmay writes :
Your local KCA (KKK Certification Authority) could as easily issue a "This  key is owned by a Nigger." certificate for a public key as TRW could issue a  "This key is owned by a Deadbeat." certificate.  Presumably, future versions  of PGP and other public-key crypto systems will support free-form certificate  generation and not the quasi-fixed-definition signatures currently found in  You can be sure that there will be rallying cries for laws to be passed to  ensure the accuracy of statements made in key certificates, that characters  are not defamed, that libel is not committed, etc...  Lots of the same issues  involving any other type of speech and the international and sometimes  untraceable nature of the Net.  What do you do about a signature on your key,  posted anonymously to the net, which names you as one of the Four  How will current laws relating to credit-rating bureaus and the like be  applied to key certificates?  Will the MIT key-server be fined for supplying  along with public keys any signatures older than 7 years?
As the potential value (positive or negative) of certificates on public keys  increases, expect the TrueIdentity crowd to suggest that their vision of the  future will also help prevent certificate abuse.
For key signatures to be useful, the protocols must allow for the attachment  and distribution of certificates against the will of the key-holder.  In  doing so there will always be the possibility of abuse.

@_date: 1996-05-22 07:03:30
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous info 
I guess the latest fun thing for |<-rad d00ds to do is to post flame-bait to  Usenet with a forged penet address that points to a mailing list...
(Does the Family Research Council have a mailing list, and does it forward  messages from non-subscribers? :-)

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:10:50
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
IANAL, but I have one, and he said (a couple of years ago) that these  shrinkwrap contracts are practically worthless without a signature.  At least  this was how things were being handled in some districts.  Anyone care to  crypto relevance:  Can RSADSI __really__ enforce the silly "thou shalt not  call certain functions" restrictions in their 'license'?  I doubt it, but I  would love for someone to prove me wrong.

@_date: 1996-05-23 14:24:30
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: The Twilight of the Remailers? 
While this is a nice thought, it is incorrect.  You can't "covertly inject  packets into the Net, in some untraceable manner."  The output of the DC net  is simply a block of random-looking bits for each member of the net.  Someone  must XOR each of the blocks together before the message is readable.  If the  addressee is not personally watching the DC-net and assembling all the  blocks looking for a message, someone else must do that and put it out on the  Internet (via e-mail, usenet, IRC, etc...).  That someone is the person who  is going to take the heat for the massage.  It is exactly the same situation  as with current remailers:  someone gets mail they don't like, they trace it  back as far as possible (i.e., to the remailer operator).  The last person  holding the 'hot-potato' gets burned.
Since it looks like the "everyone's a remailer" dream is not becoming a  reality, the key to successful remailers is to make the *operators*  untraceable as well.   If you can't trace the operator, you can't hold them  liable.  We have discussed techniques for doing this before:  cash paid  accounts, using dialups (possibly from a public phone).  The remailer must be  a 'sacrificial cow' that can be snatched up by 'authorities' at any time.
Because it takes considerable time, effort, and money to setup and run a  remailer that is untraceable to the operator, there must be compensation.   The solution is a typical cypherpunk one: Digital cash postage that is  collected by the remailer, encrypted with a public key, and posted to  alt.anonymous.messages.  Our untraceable remailer operator sits back and  collects the cash until the remailer is forcibly shut-down.  Then he starts  up a new one (assuming this is profitable).
While I haven't actually had experience running a remailer, I can imagine  that the hassle of initially setting up the remailer in an untraceable manner  may actually be less than the hassle of dealing with complaints.
The age of remailers with publically known operators is drawing to a close.   Basically the only missing link is the digital postage.  If we get that,  then being an anonymous remailer operator could be the first cryptoanarchist  job that basically anyone can get and where you can collect money completely  untraceably and tax-free.  To me that seems like a big step towards the  future that many of us have been discussing for the past few years.  A very  exciting prospect.

@_date: 1996-05-24 08:05:02
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: The Twilight of the Remailers? 
Sure, doing this will make your packets untraceable, but for how long?   Changing router tables and spoofing IPs is going to attract unwanted  attention fast.  I don't think such active IP attacks are appropriate for a  remailer running unattended.
Perhaps you mean that individual users should do these kinds of things  instead of using remailers?  For untraceability, I would put my money on  chained MixMasters over IP spoofing.  Besides, with IPv6 you won't be able to  do these things anymore, but remailers will still work.
It's a good idea but it doesn't work in the real life.  You can't put a  message in a public place (like UseNet) or send one to an unwitting e-mail  recipient (such as a mailing list) in an untraceable manner, repeatedly over  time.  The last remailer is going to traceable.  A DC-Net is great, but it  isn't going to be useful to very many people if the only people you can send  messages to are the other DC-Net participants.  Yes, this has applications,  but it is not a replacement for the remailers we have now and are starting to  loose at an alarming rate.
But not every piece of mail sent through a remailer is 'hot' enough to get  it shut down.  The vast majority of traffic is harmless.   Also, taking steps  to obscure the identity of whoever had telnetted to it is hard, way too hard  for the average user who wants to send remail securely.  If the remailer op  does it once to setup a remailer, then potentially a very large number of  people can use the remailer until it gets busted.  In the mean time the  remailer op collects postage to compensate him for his effort.
Also you later say that "I don't think most people are going to pay to  remail."  Well if people aren't going to pay to remail, why would they pay to  open a disposable ecash account to send a piece of untraceable mail?  How  much will the cheapest account be?  Probably less than what a remailer, which  can handle hundreds of messages a day, running on the exact same account  would charge.
Then you say "Or, to put it another way, the types of traffic people will  pay to remail are those no remailer operator will want to touch with a barge
pole."  Well duh.  My message you are refuting (and suggesting that the  alternative is IP spoofing) is entirely centered around the idea that the  remailer operator remain untraceable is because the traffic could potentially  be too 'hot' for the remail-op to manage.  I guess you mean that the all the  harmless traffic will disappear once you have to pay to play.  Well, if the  only remailers around are for-pay ones with untraceable operators because all  the public ones got busted, people will pay.  If people didn't want a high  assurance of untraceability, people would just use Penet.
I don't think remail postage is going to have to be expensive.  It doesn't  take long to pay for a $15 a month telnet-only account.  If you charged only  a dime each, it would only take 150 messages to pay for it.  Over a month  thats about 5 messages a day.  Sounds reasonable to me.  A 3 remailer chain  would cost $0.30, less than snail mail...
Which untouchable foreign locations do you refer to?  For all the talk of  these glorious havens we don't have any remailers setup in them.  The  Netherlands isn't one of them.  Neither is Germany or France for sure.  You  can't have these "pop up all over the place" if it has to pop up in an  untouchable foreign location that doesn't exist.  If you think people get the  heebie jeebies about running a remailer that could possibly be used to carry  threats or illegal pictures, just wait to you see their reaction when you  tell them that people could use their packet remailer to hack other sites.   While remailer traffic has a chance of getting constitutional protection (in  this country obviously), there is no doubt that hacking machines is not  Buying an anonymous telnet-only account with cash, then using a CyberCafe or  some other public Net terminal to setup the remailer sounds like a much more  viable solution for a potential remail-op than flying to Micronesia.  Or  waiting patiently for people in these untouchable foreign locations to setup  Also, I think it's time to stop expecting people to rush out and setup these  things if they were easier to setup.  People simply don't get enough benefit  for the risk of running a remailer.  A web server is harder to setup than  Mixmaster but there are a lot more web sites.  If remailer ops are going to  be liable for content, then few people are going to want to do it, regardless  of the difficulties involved of setting up the software.
Also, people want an/pseud-onymity.  Look at how many accounts the penet  service has.  As people realize that such services offer little assurance of  untraceability, they will turn more and more to cypherpunk remailers.  If the  only way a remailer can stay up is if it charges then the market will decide  if it is worth it.  I think the market is there.

@_date: 1996-05-29 08:15:58
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Layman's explanation for limits on escrowed encryption ... 
These number should be qualified with the date on which the estimate was  determined.  New factoring techniques increase the number of RSA key bits  required to make factoring work equivalent to a given brute-force search.
Also, I would think that the NFS makes 512 bit RSA key factoring easier than  brute-forcing 64-bits of key space...

@_date: 1996-05-29 09:04:59
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Tempest Info 
At HoHoCon a few years ago, someone did a tempest demo and mentioned that  signals could be recovered from water pipes!  Fire sprinkler systems were  specifically mentioned...
Theres a lot of different avenues for your eminations to be recovered, some  you may not of have thought of.  Like crypto, tempest is economics.

@_date: 1996-06-01 11:18:20
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Java Crypto API questions 
Sun can export the signature though.  The vendor already has the package,  they just need the sig/cert...

@_date: 1996-06-04 11:48:28
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Java Crypto API questions 
Good thing Sun is spending millions pushing a brand-new language down our  throats so we can do nothing we couldn't already do.  After all the hype  about security, security models, and sandboxes we get signed applets that can  do anything.  What a let-down.
Currently, the only safe way to run untrusted Java code is to not run it.   This probably isn't going to change (see cpunks archives for reasons).  If  Sun cannot prevent untrusted code from doing nasty things, how can they  prevent code empowered with certain capabilities from doing things they are  not certified to do?  It now seems that all the effort, time, and money to  move towards Java over another OO language was a waste in a way since it no  longer appears to have any security advantages.  Ignoring security, Java is  not a bad language at all, but it still has distinct disadvantages over some  of the possible alternatives (mainly immaturity, no dynamic message  invocation, interpreters still not ready for prime-time).
I wonder if Borland realizes that instead of putting so much time, effort,  and money into someone else's product, Java, they could have just implemented  signed Delphi code and gotten basically the same thing.  I guess they didn't  think of it in time.
You have to hand it to Sun/JavaSoft's marketing team, though.  While others  have tried, few have been so successful at creating an "industry standard"  from nothing.  Indeed, the only reason left to use Java is "because everyone  else is into it..."

@_date: 1996-06-21 09:30:40
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Safemail 
Yup, NeXT did this with their "For Your Eyes Only" demo and the crypto  extensions for their Mail application.  Although NeXT used an algorithm  called "FEE" (Fast Elpitic Encryption), you can do it with RSA by hashing the  passphrase, seeding a random number generator, generating a random prime,  etc...  It works but it adds a lot of processing time to encryption and  There are other, more serious, drawbacks to such a scheme though.  You can't  change your passphrase without changing your public key.  People can try to  guess your passphrase with only your public key.  Crack can guess peoples  account passwords something like 24% of the time.  I doubt the average joe  would use much better passphrases for their secret key.  That's a scary  thought!!  At least with PGP someone has to get a copy of the encrypted  secret key first.
One interesting thing about NeXT's software is that the Mail application has  crypto hooks.  The crypto code is in a drop-in bundle that extends the app  at runtime.  This isn't just a generic interface, but the internationally  shipped Mail software calls methods in the external bundle that are  definitely crypto related.  Also, much of the crypto and key management user  interface ships with the main Mail package.  It is hidden without the crypto  bundle, but if you peek around with InterfaceBuilder you can see that it is

@_date: 1996-08-03 11:33:00
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: AP story: Police look for Olympic bombing Internet link. 
Search Campus Where Jewell Worked;
 Check Internet Link
By Associated Press, 08/02/96
ATLANTA (AP) - Widening their investigation of Richard Jewell,
federal and state agents descended on a small Georgia college campus
Friday to hunt for evidence linking him to the Olympic park bombing.
Among other things, investigators were trying to determine whether the
former campus guard had tapped into the Piedmont College library, a
campus source reported. Bomb-making instructions available through the
national inter-library borrowing network have contributed to an increase
in bombings in the United States, authorities say.
[Not From < ]

@_date: 1996-08-28 09:30:11
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: FYI: GOP's Stolen Laptop... 
Steve O sez:
David Lesher responds:
...but I thought fine, upstanding, and law-abiding citizens didn't have  anything to hide...

@_date: 1996-08-29 14:24:59
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: SUN_pak 
I was looking at the description of this patent (thanks to JYA for providing  easy access to this article...), and I can't believe Sun got a patent for  this.  Tunneling encrypted IP sessions over regular IP by using a gateway  router is hardly a novel idea and is immediately obvious to anyone who is  knowledgable in networking and crypto.  Aren't there already products out  there (hardware and software) that implement this sort of thing?  I seem to  remember Cisco producing a router and MorningStar producing software that did  this.  I also seem to remember the concept being discussed on this very list  several years back (can't check the archives from work though...)  I believe  there is even a name for it:  VPN (Virtual Private Networks)  John Gilmore  is currently putting together a project to do much the same thing in  Did I miss something innovative in this patent, or is this another example  of clueless patent examiners granting patents for things that don't deserve  patent protection?

@_date: 1996-09-05 13:19:54
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: How to send bogus mail to mislead traffic analysis? 
The single best way to generate a steady flow of encrypted  remailer-processed mail for the purpose of disguising your own personal  remail is to operate a publicly accessible remailer from your own account.   This offers many advantages:
1. encrypted remail is (more or less, depending on traffic) constantly  flowing from your account:  the addition of your own remail traffic will not  raise any more flags.
2. there is always at least one remailer in your chain you can trust: yours.   This means you never have to worry about compromised remailers.
3. if your mailings are traced back to your account, operating a remailer  gives you more 'plausible deniability' than if you weren't...
4. if remailers start charging for service, you not only would continue to  enjoy free remailing, but you could possibly make money...
5. you aren't likely to get blacklisted from your own remailer...
6. you get to read the complaints generated by your own messages  (is this  the cyberspatial equivalent to "doing it just to see their expression"  7. you could get your picture on the front-page of a British tabloid...
...to name a few....

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:01:36
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Message Digest Ciphers (was Re: rc2 export limits..) 
Check Applied Cryptography for info on ciphers such as "Karn",  "Luby-Rackoff", and "MDC" ...  These are encryption algorithms that use  one-way hashes as their block functions.
Attached is a version of the Karn cipher I implemented as an  export-a-crypt-system .sig a while back...  I used python because it's my  favorite language and has MD5 built-in.  I implemented the Karn cipher since  it was the simplest (and therefore shortest) of the MD ciphers, not because  it's the most secure.
 -- -export-a-crypt-system MD5 CBC-mode Karn Cipher
from md5 import *;from sys import *;from string import *;M=md5;il=ir=M(argv[3]\
=l'};main="def x(a,b):return joinfields(map(lambda m,n:chr(m^n),map(lambda m:o\
rd(m),a),map(lambda m:ord(m),b)),'');\nwhile(p):p=ljust(p,32);l,r=p[:16],p[16:\
 echo 'TESTING 1 2 3' | karn -e 'key' 'I-V' | karn -d 'key' 'I-V'

@_date: 1996-09-07 07:39:15
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Conservation Laws, Money, Engines, and Ontology (fwd) 
So would you be willing to pay $50.00 for this message you sent to  cypherpunks?  If there are a thousand recipients and each one charges $0.05  for the priveledge of you sending it e-mail....  It seems like such a scheme  would not only cripple spam, but public discussion lists like this one.

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:14:13
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: strengthening remailer protocols 
I'd like to chime in and say that this is a really good idea.  Basically a  nymserver that holds onto incoming mail until an e-mail arrives from the nym  to retrieve it.
How would mixmaster be able to support one-time reply blocks?  If the nym's  mailbox is larger than the mixmaster message size (pretty likely) and needs  to be split up, then more than one reply-block is going to be required.   Should the nym generate a big stack of reply-blocks/routing headers and send   them in with the retrieval request?  I suppose the server could fillup as  many mixmaster message parts as it had blocks, then append something like "15  more messages waiting (32,082 bytes - Two More Reply Blocks Required)" and  ship it off.
Reliability is a problem with remailers... what happens now if a remailer in  your reply block goes out and you receive mail at your nym account?  Does it  just disappear?  With this system you could have a simple ACK protocol to  ensure reliable delivery of the mail.  A magic cookie would be appended to  your retrieved mail, which the server would then hold onto (it would still  count against your quota...).  The mail would be deleted once you sent back  an ACK with the magic cookie.
Here is yet another good application for DigiCash.  The operator could offer  free accounts with very small mailbox quotas, or charge for bigger accounts.   Message retrieval could also be charged, of course.  Another idea is that  the sender could affix postage if they wanted their message to be appended to  a full mailbox...
A service like this is no different from something like pobox.com, except  that this service lets you pickup your mail through e-mail instead of POP.   So I don't think the operator would/should incurr any more liability for what  runs through the system than pobox.
It would also be a cool thing, IMHO, for nym servers to bounce back an  advertisement to everyone who sends mail to a nym....   A way to spread the

@_date: 1996-09-18 10:01:17
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: "Get a fucking life" (was Re: Diffie Hellman - logs in Galois fields) 
Paul Bradley (paul foams at the mouth:
Hey folks, when it is so obvious that someone is a looser that "Get a  fucking life" flows so easily out of your keyboard, then there is no reason  to post such missives publicly.  Just plonk'em and forget'em ... those of us  who have already done so don't want to read this dreck either.

@_date: 1996-09-21 07:41:31
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Paradox: NO OPPRESSION IN AMERICA 
Hey, a liberty here, some freedom there, and pretty soon you're talking  about real totalitarianism!
"It could never happen here."

@_date: 1996-09-25 08:36:08
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Eudora 3 EMS API stuff 
Someone at qualcomm writes (forwarded by ddt
ahh, a classic instance of "crypto with a hole" ...

@_date: 1996-09-27 16:58:59
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: WARNING: This Message Actually Contains a Question ReguardingCrypto! 
Don't use GOST unless you think you can come up with some good S-boxes.  It's  pretty much only out there for educational purposes.

@_date: 1996-10-04 05:22:12
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Fighting Clipper III 
Big Brother Inside stickers are a classic and should be revived.  I would  like to see a takeoff of the IBM logo since they are the ones who seem to be  cozying up to the USG the most (with the exception of TIS whom nobody has ever  heard of).   How about "GAK" in the familiar IBM blue pinstripe logo?  Or  "IBBM"  International Big Brother Machines?  Everyone recognizes the IBM logo.

@_date: 1996-10-09 13:14:20
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft CAPI 
I ask:  "Who Cares?"  It is easy enough to distribute with the secure-non-GAK  plug-in a patch for disabling the module authentication.  Heck, you could  even make an ActiveX applet that did it...
"Click Here to Download and Install Real Crypto"

@_date: 1996-10-10 09:09:22
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: pgp, edi, s/mime 
But does S/MIME still leave important sender and recipient information in the clear?
True, PGP is four years old and isn't as up-to-date anymore, but PGP 3.0 is  supposed to have an important feature (although we will have to wait a year  for it):  it is unencumbered by patents.

@_date: 1996-10-15 21:06:18
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: extortion via digital cash 
This has been discussed quite a bit on the list before and there is even a  bit about it in Applied Cryptography.  Basically the extortionist must be  careful in how he arranges payment.  The extortionist must create blinded  proto-coins and send them to the extortionee to be signed.  Otherwise the  extortionee can write down the serial numbers before sending the coins off and  the extortionist will get caught when trying to deposit.
Some of the cut-n-choose protocols for after-the-fact catching of double  spenders would prevent this from happening.  Because the proto-coins from the  extortionist are blinded and the extortionee can't remove the blinding, it  would be impossible for the extortionee to properly complete the protocol with  the bank and pay-off the extortionist.

@_date: 1996-10-18 08:58:52
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Real Meaning of "Key Recovery" (was Re: DES cracker...) 
Peter Trei, whilst talking about a key cracking effort, said:
Yes yes!  What a great way to "reclaim" this term...  CC'ed to cypherpunks  for all to see.    No longer is it "Key Cracking" it is now "Key Recovery" ...

@_date: 1996-10-25 13:33:14
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: http://www.clintongore96.com/ is hacked. 
...it's another spoof, not a hack.  The real web site is still at   ...

@_date: 1996-11-07 16:56:51
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
A very important point that I haven't seen raised in this thread is _why_  strong crypto is going to be widespread and thus impossible to control.   Strong crypto is going to be the foundation of the information age.  Sorry for  the buzzwords, but it is very obvious to almost everyone that there is  potentially a lot of money to be made with the 'Net and strong crypto is  required to guarantee that people get what is coming to them and not get  ripped off.  Strong crypto maximizes returns by outright preventing fraud  (which is far better than after-the-fact legal remedies!) and allowing more  efficient collection of money (with self-enforcing protocols and eliminating  middle men).  Weak Crypto (i.e. GAK) does not offer these features because the  weak point in the chain becomes a mostly disinterested low-wage employee at  the KRC, which is likely to be operated by a foreign government!  Any  businessman can immediately understand why this is unacceptable, especially  with all of the economic espionage stories going around corporate america.
People will outright demand strong crypto.
This is already happening.  Despite intense pressure from TLA's for GAK,  savvy businesses are demanding strong crypto (the idea that no crypto at all  will be used is utterly ridiculous, it will either be strong or GAKed but  there will be crypto).  Hardly anyone is bowing to the pressure.  It will take  a mandate from congress to get people to actually use GAK, and the more  businesses and congresscritters begin understand the benefits of strong crypto  to the bottom line, the less likely such a mandate would happen.

@_date: 1996-11-13 15:07:47
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
I would like to chime in and say that this point will never be reached.  Each  revision of software potentially contains new chinks in the armor.  Eternal  Vigilance is not only the price of freedom, but security as well.

@_date: 1996-11-15 10:12:33
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
Actually, the current impelmentation of ecash only offers _payer_ anonynmity  and not payee anonymity.  If the payer reveals the blinding factors and/or  coin numbers to the bank then the payee is caught when attempting to deposit.   This on purpose, to prevent scenarios such as the kidnapping one from  actually happening.  The solution, of course, is for the payee to generate and  blind the coins and order the payer to have them signed.  Money changers are  another option, but require you to trust them.

@_date: 1996-12-05 03:33:32
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
She didn't just write a book on cryptography, but several books.  She is also  the Chairperson (eek, PC titles...) of the CS department at Georgetown, a  very respectable institution, and has taught classes there on cryptology.  She  has also done research on crytpographic access control to databases and other  stuff.  So as far as being a cryptologist she is quite learned and should  deserve respect regardless of her political views.
However, after reviewing the Skipjack algorithm (of course her being invited  to look at it was certainly due to her anti-strong-crypto-for-the-masses  views), she said something to the effect of "We looked at it over the weekend  and couldn't find anything wrong with it, so you should trust it." when she  knows damned well that you can't evaluate a cypher in three days.  It is for  this that she no longer deserves respect as a cryptologist.  She basically  cashed in her reputation-capital to help the U.S. Govt. dupe the American  people into buying Clipper.  Fortunately, we didn't buy it.

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:30:25
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.0?? 
what are you guys talking about???  AFAIK, the most current, released,  version of PGP is 2.6.2.  Version 3 is not finished and anything you may get  your hands on is a prerelease version.  PGP 4 and 5 simply don't exist!
...and isn't all.net the site of the Good Doctor Fred Cohen??

@_date: 1996-12-17 08:49:02
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Blowfish Performance 
If you read the Blowfish design goals in Applied Cryptography you will find  that it purposely has slow key expansion in order to hamper brute force

@_date: 1996-12-17 09:09:12
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Attention Journalists (was Re: TIS_sue) 
For those journalists reading the list that aren't experts in cryptology:  if  someone outside of your control can recover the key, then it is NOT "very  strong" cryptography.

@_date: 1996-12-17 09:14:33
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Securing ActiveX. 
Blake Coverett  writes
No, you have it wrong.  It's the ability to choose before the fact that you  'trust' the _key_ that signed that applet.  The key is everything and it does  not necessarily have any connection whatsoever to the software's author.  You  just hope that it does...

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:57:08
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: controlling web "cookies" 
[note, I have rerouted this thread from coderpunks to cypherpunks where it is  more appropriate...]
Part of the reason past Clipper schemes haven't been deployed is because they  had been shown not to work!  I say if there are weak spots, keep punching  holes in them.  While Washington is spinning around trying to come up with a  new-and-improved version, keep deploying good strong crypto and working the  free-speech/civil-liberties angle in the courts.  By the GAKers come up with a  workable solution (which is probably impossible given the politics involved  in global-GAK) it will be too late.

@_date: 1996-12-20 13:19:32
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
I believe this is a pipedream.  As it stands now, virtually all of the  software that requires special hardware dongles is ridiculously expensive,  even compared to similar offerings from other companies.

@_date: 1996-12-20 14:19:31
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
I think this whole idea of encrypted software and processors is pretty poorly  thought out.  How do you handle an organization with a site license for  20,000 users of a piece of software?  Do you issue 20,000 unique copies?  Do  you really think the lower price of the software is going to offset the cost  of an organization to manage all those processor certificates?  Site licensed  software is already about as cheap as the companies are willing to sell it.   How about the extra hard drive space you have to purchase because you can't  just keep one copy on a server anymore?  Think about what a nightmare it would  be to update a piece of software on 20,000 machines simultaneously!!  It's  hard enough to do it now!!
What happens if a software company goes out of business?   You are then  completely screwed when your processor dies or becomes obsolete.  Around here  we still run a few pieces of ancient hardware that were pretty pathetic back  in 1988.  The software on them is critical but won't run on anything else and  there is no source code available.  Believe me, nobody here would dare to make  that mistake again!!!  At least with our current situation if the hardware  dies we would probably be able to find a replacement (and I'm sure there are  some replacements waiting in the stock room...).  But with your encrypted  processor we couldn't even do that!
It seems to me that this is yet another scheme that basically does nothing  but seriously inconvenience the software user.  Much like clipper, I believe  this is a dog that won't hunt!!
Perhaps instead of trying to find a way to force users into paying, software  companies should concentrate on how offer more value and make their prices  seem more attractive.  Even with piracy, the software industry is far and away  the most profitable of all!!

@_date: 1996-12-20 15:26:04
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
I don't mean to sound rude or insult you personally, but this is utterly  absurd.  If everyone is paying for the software then the company would be  making even MORE money.  Only a fool would want to make less money!!  If money  wasn't important to these people they wouldn't be in the business of selling  software in the first place!
Aside from putting a gun to people's heads, the only thing that lowers prices  is competition.
That would render the entire scheme pointless.  It only takes _____ONE_____  copy of the software to get out for the whole world to pirate it.

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:36:00
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Question on Diffie-Hellman patent 
So who's planning on throwing a big party on Sept. 6th?  Will Jim Bizos be  celebrating?  :-)

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:56:01
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Question on Diffie-Hellman patent 
So who's planning on throwing a big party on Sept. 6th?  Will Jim Bizos be  celebrating?  :-)

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:56:26
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: anonymous remailers 
The answer is to run your own remailer.  Make sure your chain includes your  remailer at least once.  If you can't trust yourself, who can you trust?

@_date: 1997-02-08 00:10:48
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: anonymous remailers 
Ummm, if you run your own remailer, and don't get lots of people to
use it, then traffic analysis will reveal that you are the sender
quite quickly. It will pretty much make everything in the chain before
your remiler useless. If you send your message through remailers a, b,
c, and d like this:
you -> a -> b -> c -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
and only you use c, then your effective chain is:
someone who could only be you -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
This chain is weak indeed.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-02-07 10:49:56
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: anonymous remailers 
The answer is to run your own remailer.  Make sure your chain includes your  remailer at least once.  If you can't trust yourself, who can you trust?

@_date: 1997-02-07 23:59:31
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: anonymous remailers 
Ummm, if you run your own remailer, and don't get lots of people to
use it, then traffic analysis will reveal that you are the sender
quite quickly. It will pretty much make everything in the chain before
your remiler useless. If you send your message through remailers a, b,
c, and d like this:
you -> a -> b -> c -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
and only you use c, then your effective chain is:
someone who could only be you -> d -> alt.drugs.and-other-various-horsemen
This chain is weak indeed.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
