
@_date: 1993-04-19 15:41:05
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: comments on the clipper 
Going through all the messages on the Clipper, I noticed what may be  a flaw that wasn't quite addressed...
The family key, which is the same for all devices, is hardwired onto  the chip with the algorithm.  However, the device serial number and  the unit key must be burned into a ROM.  This is somewhat like the  EIN/MIN burned into the ROM of a cellular phone.  Just ask anyone who  is familiar with cellular fraud how difficult it is to change the  EIN/MIN of the phone.  So it should be more than possible for anyone  to throw a wrench into the system by using hacked phones that have a  random device serial number.  In this way it would not be possible  for authorities to obtain the proper unit key since the device serial  number would not exist in the escrow authority's database or would  have the incorrect unit key associated with it.
Of course, it is possible that the scheme (i.e. the algorithm and the  handshaking) is not secure.  Assuming it is not truly secure, I would  think that only such agencies as the NSA and FBI would have not only  the resources to decrypt Clipper generated communications without the  session key, but the resources to keep such equipment from public  knowledge (i.e. there is a companion device that breaks such  communications).  It would most likely be too difficult to keep such  equipment secret if it were available to local and state authorities.
Furthermore, the whole idea of escrow agents is hogwash to me.  How  difficult is it to get someone's credit report?  How difficult is it  to get social security records on a person?  Apparently no  information held by a government or even private agency like TRW is  impossible or even exceedingly difficult to obtain, and anyone  wishing to intercept your communications will simply have to buy off  the appropriate persons at each escrow authority.
To sum up, I think the whole idea stinks.

@_date: 1993-11-11 01:53:27
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: whisper for NeXTSTEP 
Hi!  If there are any cypherpunks with access to a NeXTSTEP box on  the net who want to help me test out a little chatter app, please let  me know.
The app lets multiple people chat securely over the net using  DistributedObjects and the IDEA cipher from PGP.  It has no whizbang  features like trading unique session keys with RSA (just distribute a  pass-phrase through e-mail with PGP) or rich-text support, although  these could be added if there was demand...
I really want to find out if it works ok between NS/i and black

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:29:31
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
The FBI used the same stuff a couple of years back to catch the people who  kidnapped that Exxon executive.  Considering how easy it is to pick up cellular  transmissions and the way it works (cells with limited range), I believe it is  something well within the resources of the FBI to develop.
I really don't think the NSA has much of a hand in any of the things we hear  about, unless it has something directly to do with crypto (which this does not,  except, as Lex pointed out, that escobar probably should have been using strong

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:34:31
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Will I be on a wanted poster? 
As far as I know, a system like SecureDrive, KFS, or CFS, is really only as  secure as the running machine is.  Generally, when a BBS is 'seized'  (forfeited? ;), it is running when the feds get there.  Right now, if they have  any clue (and from what I hear, the FBI has much more of a clue than the SS  when it comes to this type of investigation), they usually take pictures of the  setup to make sure they can put the machine back together when they get it to  wherever they are taking it to.  If encrypting file-systems become a problem, a  disk could be developed (probably pretty easily) to retrieve the key from  memory before they power it down.
"Touch that keyboard and die!!"

@_date: 1994-01-02 15:03:49
@_author: Andrew Loewenstern 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Video on Demand 
This protocol also assumes that all of the movies (or pieces of  information) cost the same amount.  Presumably in the video-on-demand  business, a most movies would have the same cost or there would be a few  'levels' of costs with many movies in each 'level.'  In that case you  would only pick random 'padding' videos that have the same price.   However, a video store could easily give all of the horror movies one  price, all of the comedy ones another, all the pornos another, etc.... and  at least be able to determine the general type of video the customer is  In a general information market type setup, I would expect that the value  of different pieces of information would vary greatly.
How would payment of the information be made?  In a general information  market setup, where the bits of information have varrying values you could  do something like the following.
in the oblivious transfer protocol, if the hardware used is implemented in  tamper-proof chips, the price of each piece of information could be  encoded with the information.  The chip would store a running total of the  prices of information successfully decrypted by the customer.  At the end  of the month, the box would send the total price to the vendor, which will  bill the customer.  Depending on the number of pieces of information  purchased, the vendor would be able to infer more or less information on  the types of info bought by the customer...  Also, you could randomly  purchase very cheap (or free and worthless) bits of information to make it  more difficult for the vendor to figure out what you are interested in...
