
@_date: 1994-12-12 11:33:12
@_author: Andrew Brown 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
pgp is putting those extra "- " pieces in (guess you didn't read all
your pgp docs :-),  it does that so that it can tell the difference between
pgp begin/end blocks and other stuff, kinda like sendmail "quoting" lines
beginning with a dot with an extra dot.  the difference here is that
sendmail removes any leading dots before delivery and pgp doesn't after
removing a signature.  yeah, you do have to load it into an editor but
mailing something to a remailer shoud not "hork" it.  the pgp running on
the remailer will just "- " the stuff and include it literally.

@_date: 1994-12-12 14:03:44
@_author: Andrew Brown 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
but is a remailer (or pgp) smart enough to take the output from checking
a signature and run pgp over it again?  is it going to know to take something
and pass it through pgp until pgp can't do anything with it any more? i think
that's the problem that jrochkin was addressing.  he has a pgp encrypted
message and then signs it and then wants to mail it to a remailer so that the
remailer can decrypt the message but it won't ecause the encryption is
wasn't that it?

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:59:34
@_author: Andrew Brown 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
but wait!  you can't actually verify the outer sig until you extract the key
from inside the signed message?  that's a bit more complicated.  pgp will
actually recognize a key embedded inside an armored, signed message but it won't
(i don't think -- warlord?) play with the key other than tell you it is one.
what these people should probably be doing is signing their public keys with
their private keys to provide the same functionality (almost).  what you have,
otherwise, really is a two step process.  you will have to strip off the outer
sig layer to get the the key.
i believe if you used emacs to read your mail, you might get that sort of
functionality since it's very user-customizable (is that a word?).  i wrote
myself a little perl wrapper to handle signing/encrypting outbound messages
so that i don't have to type all the options and redirect the output or move
output files.  it's a one person thing.  to each his own.  i prefer to read
my mail in a very un-adulterated form and i do all my sig verifying and
decrypting by hand too.  i'm weird that way.
apologies to warload, you are right (imho) about the fundamental behavior of
remailers.  they shouldn't do things like that except perhaps atttemp to
remove the outer armor layer if it is an encrypting/decrypting remailer.
peas and goobles!

@_date: 1994-12-12 20:01:15
@_author: Andrew Brown 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
yep, you're right (like i'm surprised or something, judging from your handle)
pgp won't recognize it if you don't have it on your keyring.  i do work from
a sun and play at home on a linux system.  i have too many keys at home to
make my play testing easy and i got caught in that trap.  it's just too easy
to add a login and start playing with pgp in a simulated multi-user
environment that doesn't have the pitfalls of the real world.
