
@_date: 1996-04-26 23:05:10
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and cyberseraphim 
Thanks Declan for forwarding your letter to me.  I'll answer some of the
points you refer to:
Some of our members use anon remailers (although strictly speaking they are
pseudo anon remailers and therefore the user can be traced).  These are
members who are also supporters of privacy and anonymity online.  I do
myself use an anon remailer.  There is nothing hypocritical about it at
all.  We are not proposing to ban anon remailers, we are simply concerned
about the abuse of them.
This message was not from our organization at all.  Surely you have heard
of  impersonation?  The oldest trick in thebook.
Just goes to show what happens when people abuse anon remailers, right?
But it was not me.
LOL, Gabriel is my nickname!  I think the writer is thinking too hard about
People also wish to evaluate the work of the Guardian Angels by asking how
many arrests we have made.  But this misses the point of the work entirely.
We do not patrol to make arrests.  We patrol to help others.  And a good
patrol means that nothing happens.
As for press, we didnt even send a press release until 4 months after we
started, and then only to announce our website.  And we've only sent one
more press release out since then.  We do believe however that we have
helped to bring the issue of children and the Internet to the forefront and
that is a good thing too.
The Safesurf system is a voluntary rating system that URLs undertake
themselves.  If you want to know more about the criteria you should check
out Safesurf themselves at Why ask?  Clearly a site with a message like this would not be suitable for
children to read.  That would be an adult site rating.
Safesurf does not make software.  It's not a software manufacturer at all.
Declan I'm sorry to be the bearer of bad news but since you clearly are
hostile to our mission I see no reason why we should invite you to help us.
Of course you could always sign up as an anonymous volunteer from an anon
remailer , or from another account, and pretend to believe in what we are
doing ;)
CyberAngels is about self-regulation.  Let us not confuse the fight against
internet crime with the criminalization of free speech.  We propose the
former not the latter.
"All that is required for the triumph of evil is that good men
and women remain silent and do nothing" (Edmund Burke)
"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment
of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the
right of the people peaceably to assemble and to petition
the Government for a redress of grievances."
(US First Amendment to the Constitution)
"Those who sacrifice security for freedom, will have neither"

@_date: 1996-04-26 20:53:26
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Guardian angels, anonymity, and the decency brigade 
Attached is a message from the CyberAngels asking for rating volunteers.
Jim Thomas published a fascinating and illuminating article documenting
the seamier side of these self-appointed net.vigilantes in the Computer
underground Digest earlier this year. (I vaguely remember some legal
threats soon afterwards.) Their authoritarian and anti-privacy leanings
are clear in their FAQ, at :
  9) What kinds of changes would the Guardian Angels / CyberAngels like
  to see?
  a) We would like to see an improvement in User identification. User ID is
  impossible to verify or trace back. The very anonymity of Users is itself
  causing an increase in rudeness, sexual abuse, flaming, and crimes like
  pedophile activity. We the Net Users must take responsibility for the   problem ourselves. One of our demands is for more accountable User IDs
  on the Net. When people are anonymous they are also free to be criminals.
  In a riot you see rioters wearing masks to disguise their true identity.
So much for anonymous remailers! But the CyberAngels, in a fit of almost
painful hypocrisy, use anonymous remailers themselves, as Charles Platt
recounts in his book _Anarchy Online_ (their web page also says how
these virtues remain anonymous online):
      How would this decency crusade actually work in  practice? Well, later in 1995, one net user received the  following not-very-friendly, not-very-literate warning, sent  via an anonymous remailer:           The Net is out of control, sex crimes, hate crimes      and felonies.           Just as on the streets, CyberCrime is committed by      a minority of criminals who destroy the quality of life      for an innocent majority. And just like on the streets      the Guardian Angels will combat it.           We have good reason to believe that you are      involved in unlawful, harmful, hateful, threatening      and/or harassment, particularly relating to minors. We      will be watching you.       The netizen who found this in her mailbox was baffled  and irritated. She had no idea what she'd done to provoke the  warning, and since the message was anonymous, there was no  way to _find out_ what she was supposed to have done.      By November, the Angels claimed they had 200 volunteers  working for them, busily searching for bad guys on the net.  "We have reported a number of Child Pornographers (50) to  Sysadmins [system administrators] this month," Colin Hatcher  noted, although he was no longer signing his real name to his  progress reports, perhaps in fear of reprisals from angry  pedophiles. "Letters we have received back all share our  concern and promise stern action. Remember, each electronic  image represents a real life destroyed."  [...]
     Some net users wondered, though, if Hatcher was  qualified to draw a dividing line between good and bad, let  alone ugly. They also worried that decency vigilantes might  have a chilling effect on freedom of speech. A student at  Rutgers University complained that some of the Angels' public  statements "are threats to violate the civil liberties of  users of the Internet." In addition, he said, "the record of  the Guardian Angels suggests that they will step over even  the bounds that they publicly set for themselves." And, as Steven Levy wrote in Newsweek last October: "After the issue of
child safety in cyberspace came up on his radio talk show, [Curtis]
Sliwa decided to pursue in his usual high-profile fashion... Though the
CyberAngels cannot document a single case where one of their numerous
reports led directly to an arrest, they have compiled a fat file of
press clippings."
In the attached piece, the Angels hold themselves up as the arbiter of
what is appropriate for kids or not under the Safesurf system. So far so
good -- but what criteria do they use when checking to see if a site is
"genuinely kidsafe?" Where is it documented and published? What training
do their self-selected vigilantes have? Will the cypherpunks list
be blocked when we have messages like this one on it:
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Those orphan kids in the terminally ill section of the hospital are so fun
 at night when they are drugged out. I love sucking on their tiny
 finger-sized cocks and probing their tight holes. Their slender little
 bodies are completely smooth. They're going to die pretty soon so they
 won't come back to me several years from now as hairy grown up men blaming
 me for why they are all mentally messed up. And since they are orphans
 with no one to look over them except for overworked staff, I could get
 away with just about anything.
Since blocking software like Safesurf and SurfWatch is central to our
case challenging the CDA, I believe we should support that software and
PICS-like third paty rating systems. Fortunately, that doesn't mean we
have to accept or support the efforts of their unfortunate and
intemperate net-vigilante allies.
But I still want to help rate some web pages, so ---- "Gabriel," I want
to be a CyberAngel. Sign me up!
-Declan (now a CyberSeraphim)
---------- Forwarded message ----------
APPEAL FOR VOLUNTEERS
Hi again everyone.  I have a project that requires 20 volunteers.  Read on!
Most of you I hope are familiar with Safesurf - if not go visit them at
Safesurf are not a commercial software company but are a kidsafe
organization who are very involved in the ratings issue for kids and adult
material on the Net.  Safesurf are also our allies, and it is thanks to
them that we have our website at all as it was a donation from Ray and
Wendy at Safesurf.
Safesurf have a very positive approach to the screening debate - they have
developed a rating system whereby instead of spending time rating adult
sites you focus instead on rating the kids sites.  Then your screening
software only allows you to visit sites with the Safesurf rating on it.
This is an excellent concept, not least because it doesn't then matter if
new sites come onto the web that are not rated yet, because nothing can be
included in your screened browser unless it registers itself as kidsafe by
marking its site with a safesurf rating mark.  Don't worry about my
ramblings - just go to their site and read up on it.  It's a really
positive concept and has been adopted by a lot of sites already.  Adopting
the Safesurf mark is voluntary and means that you are identifying your site
as suitable for e.g. kids.
Now here comes the appeal.  Several thousand sites have already marked
themselves as Safesurf rated - and more are registering every day.
The question is - what is to stop a site registering as a kidsafe site, but
in reality being an adult site?  The Safesurf rating method is that sites
can obtain the rating from the Safesurf site and then write in and register
themselves.  Isn't it possible that a site could claim to be kidsafe but in
reality was adult?
The answer is yes.  So how can Safesurf be sure that sites registered with
them are indeed genuinely kidsafe?  Simple - someone has to go and check
out all the sites who register with Safesurf.
Ray had a proposal for me.  How about if we could say that all these sites
were "Rated by Safesurf, and patrolled by CyberAngels"?  I thought that was
a great idea - for we CyberAngels to help Safesurf in this way, by checking
their sites for them.
Ray is proposing to send me 200 sites a week to check out and we will share
them out to a CyberAngels team of 20 volunteers - that means that each one
of us would volunteer to check out 10 sites per week.  Easy right?
I want to make something very clear - Safesurf are not a rich commercial
company making money from rating sites.  They are not selling software and
their rating code is free to anyone who wants it.  So it's not like they
can hire 20 people and pay them to patrol the Safesurf Intranet - it's a
volunteer job.
So there you are - I am looking for 20 CyberAngel volunteers to make up a
regular Safesurf "Intranet" Patrol, with the mission to visit 10 URLs a
week and make sure that they are what they say they are.  Who's ready?
Once I have the team established I will then brief you all on how we do
this.  Write to me as soon as possible if this interests you.  Let's show
Safesurf how much we support their positive stand for our InterNet kids!  I
will take the first 20 volunteers who contact me (yes you will be suitably
honored - publicly if you so choose!)

@_date: 1996-04-28 15:22:29
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and cyberserap 
Peter Trei wrote about my signature:
It is an inversion of that quotation and it does indeed sum up our focus.
It has no name on it because I switched it around to make a motto for our
work.  Not that I disagree with Franklin though.  The comment is true both
ways around.
:)  As a former teacher at the University of London department of adult
studies, teaching history, politics and International Relations I can
assure you I am very familiar with the history and belief of
totalitarianism - and have opposed them all my life.
That's not how I have it but hey! Obviously we are dealing here with a man
who knows his quotes.
"Two people may disagree,
but that does not mean that one of them is evil"

@_date: 1996-04-29 20:03:58
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Freedom and security 
The relationship / balance between security and freedom is always a
defining factor in a society.  My point is that a society with no laws and
no codes of conduct is not a free society.  This is not the same thing as
saying that all societies need government.   Small communities can and do
operate without major legislation, using what sociologists refer to as
"informal social controls", e.g. peer pressure.  But even those small
communities require and enforce boundaries on the conduct of their members.
There is no society that tolerates the murder of its innocent members.
The Internet may once have been one of those small close knit communities,
small enough not to require law enforcement - although even then it had
rules that had to be followed.  But that Internet is gone, and it will
never return, because now its the biggest city in the world, and the
history of the change from pastoral communities to urban life, to the
development of nation states and power blocs is also the history of crime.
And as the Internet grows, so will its security problems.
My position is to seek a balance between the freedom of the individual and
the security of the community.  My argument is that when the security of
the community is threatened by the freedom of the individual, the community
will always prioritise its safety.  Good government of course means
maintaining individual freedoms *and* maintaining community security.  I
actually disagree that they are antithetical.  On the contrary they are a
balance that any society has to find.  Where individual freedom takes over
you have the urban jungle where predators consume prey.  Where security
takes over you have the totalitarian state.  Neither is necessary nor
We are simply concentrating on the problem from two different angles.  My
concern is to maximise community safety while protecting individual
freedom.  Your angle is to maximise individual freedom while protecting
community safety.  There is IMHO very little difference between the two.
Colin Gabriel Hatcher - CyberAngels Director
"Two people may disagree, but
that does not mean that one of them is evil"

@_date: 1996-05-01 08:54:17
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: Freedom and security 
Mike McNally wrote
If they were antithetical then as freedom increased security would
decrease, and as security increased freedom would decrease.
It is not IMHO inevitable that if we increase security we will jeopardize
freedom.  My concern is that if we ignore security we will have no freedom
left to protect.
I don't believe the Internet community is split into two camps on this
issue - there appear to me to be many places where people draw their lines
at different points.  I don't believe that security is the enemy of
freedom.  I believe that freedom needs security in order to exist at all.
Colin Gabriel Hatcher - CyberAngels Director
"Two people may disagree, but
that does not mean that one of them is evil"

@_date: 1996-05-01 15:52:01
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: Freedom and security 
I am not offering "you" anything unless you have a problem and are looking
for some assistance.  Just because you feel safe / immune from becoming a
victim of internet crime does not mean that there are no victims at all.
Site security is not at all the only problem.  Are you not aware of spams
and scams going on all the time?  Are you not aware that sexual predators
operate in IRC? Or that child pornography is a world wide trading game?
Have you never heard of email forgeries or impersonation?  What about tthe
victims of harassment and hatred who don't know how to deal with it?  What
about all the people who have never heard of killfiles?  Who don't know how
to report a problem nor who to report it to?   Haven't you ever been mail
bombed and wished you could find out who did it?
Maybe you feel like a veterano and can afford to look condesendingly at all
the thousands of fresh-faced netizens just arriving online and say "well if
they can't take the heat they should stay out of the fire" - but if we are
to call ourselves an emerging "community" then we must take responsibility
for our city, and that means caring about other people's problems.
The internet is not just a collection of bits and bytes - it's real people
doing real things to each other.
When your address is forged and you get flamed and bombed, or if you start
receiving anonymous death threats, your freedom is under threat.  It's not
enough to say "Well I just turn off my monitor"
The Internet is a city - it needs 911 services and it needs Neighborhood
Watches.  And neither professional law enforcement nor neighborhood watch
are by definition a threat to anyone's freedom.  Freedom within the context
of Community does not and never has meant the freedom to kill your
neighbor, or rob someone, or rape someone, or harm someone.  In the context
of the internet Community too, freedom is not the individual's right to do
whatever he or she likes - because then the Community is no longer free.
Freedom is under threat from two directions - from selfish individuals who
care little for the Community, and from the over zealousness of governments
who seek greater and greater control over individual thought and action.
The first step is to acknowledge that we have a problem within the Internet
Community - because if we don't address it responsibly then we have only
ourselves to blame when the governments try to take it over.  We can face
our problems or we can deny that they exist.
By asking me the question: "What crime?" you are indicating to me that you
prefer denial.
Colin Gabriel Hatcher - CyberAngels Director
"Two people may disagree, but
that does not mean that one of them is evil"

@_date: 1996-05-01 15:05:27
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: Freedom and security 
Mike McNally wrote
Every society has a social contract whereby the freedom of the individual
is defined within the context of the society.  Freedom means your freedom
to be who you want to be, think how you want to think, say what you want to
say, hold whatever beliefs you wish, balanced against the Community's need
for stability.  You may demand the freedom to kill those who disagree with
you but no community will grant you that freedom.  But no one living in a
community where murder is outlawed can serious claim that their freedom has
been taken away by that particular law.  You cannot be free to speak your
mind unless there are laws preventing others who disagree with you from
killing you.  If it were permitted to kill those who disagreed with you,
then no one would be free to speak their mind at all, for fear of the
Hence my point about freedom and security - by which I mean personal
security.  Freedom of speech cannot function without law.
I am not currently aware that either your right to encrypt nor your right
to use anon remailers is under threat, so why should I do anything?  But
while encryption and anon remailing protect *you* from certain threats to
your freedom, they are also being used for example to make the
international trade in child pornography more effective and less easy to
prosecute.  The technology itself is neutral and can be used or abused.
That is why the focus should be on individual actions rather on the
My concern is not so much with network sabotage or infiltration (there are
plenty enough organizations addressing that problem) but with personal
safety within the Internet community - that means you, not your hard drive.
Colin Gabriel Hatcher - CyberAngels Director
"Two people may disagree, but
that does not mean that one of them is evil"

@_date: 1996-05-01 16:00:46
@_author: CyberAngels Director : Colin Gabriel Hatcher 
@_subject: Re: Freedom and security 
Jim Ray wrote
Nor does freedom increase through less laws or no laws.  Freedom increases
as respect and care for one another increases.  Meanwhile, since we do not
live in utopia, all societies at a certain level of economic development
and of a certain size of population require law and law enforcement to
protect citizens from predators.
The Internet is beyond the stage of small communities exercising informal
social controls (peer pressure).  It's now a major industrial city and will
develop law, law enforcement and government, whether anyone likes it or
not, not least because the Community will always respond to crime by trying
to protect itself.  And the crime is already here.  The idea that the
Internet is not controlled is IMHO one of the biggest myths around.  It's
like a large group of people are still living in some far-off utopian rural
paradise.  Does anyone really doubt the extent of State control and power
across the Net?  My point is that this is inevitable.  The Internet is a
mirror of the rest of the world, not a new form of society, and I fail to
understand why anyone should be surprised that that is the case.
 >.... laws only breed more laws, which always lead to
I disagree with this statement. I do not believe that laws breed more laws
nor that laws lead to less freedom.  I believe bad laws compromise freedom
(eg CDA) while good laws protect freedom.
Cryptography enhances and protects privacy, which does not inevitably lead
to greater security.  Security for the sender, yes, in that no one else can
read the message, but security for the Community?  Doesnt that depend what
the message said?  The technology itself is neutral.  Child pornographers
encrypt their hard drives so that law enforcement cannot gather crime
evidence - that is certainly a state of greater security for the
pornographer, but it does not improve our Community, and as child
pornography increases, the law is by definition broken more and more, and
so the Community becomes less free than before.  And that's not the tyranny
of government but the tryanny of criminals.
I do in fact support cryptography for personal security, not least because
I can ensure that my messages are authenticated.  CyberAngels PGP public
key will be up on our new website opening very soon.  I've had enough of
people forging my email.
Colin Gabriel Hatcher - CyberAngels Director
"Two people may disagree, but
that does not mean that one of them is evil"
