
@_date: 1995-10-15 19:31:47
@_author: Nobody in particular 
@_subject: Illegally canceled articles on Microsoft Security Bugs 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Could somebody please tell me who illegally canceled my article
, referenced
in the followup article below, as well as several other articles
I posted this morning? It was cross-posted to several groups, but
I don't think it should have triggered any spam-cancelers, and
I see nothing in news.admin.net-abuse.misc. I'd find the cuplrit
myself, but Stanford only saves the last 100 or so messages in
control. See the rather prominent blinking link on the Web page
below for the other PGP-signed article that was canceled.
Thanks in advance. Followups set to news.admin.net-abuse.misc.
Don't bother canceling this article, my friend. By the way, the
other articles were saved and emailed as well.
- -rich
 jabba and other accounts
 moderator of a certain list
  PGP key available on MIT server and via finger
I will be charitable and assume that it was someone else I've pissed off
(lord knows there's several), and not someone working directly for
Microsoft or the Church [spit] of Scientology, who were both maligned in
the canceled posts.
In article , petrich (Loren

@_date: 1996-03-10 00:29:07
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Artist self censorship (Was Chinese net-censorship) Noise 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Mar-96 Artist self censorship
(Was.. by Anonymous Here's some info from  on the Angeli "child
porn" case that's going on now in Cambridge, MA. I was visiting Harvey
Silverglate's law offices last week and saw the photographs, and they're
anything but pornographic. They're essentially the same as the photos my
grandparents have of me and my cousins naked in the tub.
But that's cold comfort when you're locked up and doing time.    Toni Marie Angeli, for a Harvard photography course, decided to make
   her four-year-old son Nico the subject of her final class project, The
   Innocence of a Child's Nudity. After discussing the project with her
   professor, Angeli began her project with a few shots of Nico and made
   the fatal mistake of taking her roll of film to Zona Photographic Labs
   on Rogers Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Zona owners were
   "alarmed" and called the Cambridge police, who went to Zona, looked at
   contact sheets prepared by Zona without Angeli's authorization, and
   decided that the pictures were "gross." Zona and the Cambridge police
   set up a sting operation, requiring Zona employees to lie, so that the
   police could come to Zona and confront her about her "pornography"
   when she came to pick up her negatives. On November 2, Angeli went to
   Zona, accompanied by Nico and by her husband, Luke D'Ancona. An
   altercation ensued when Angeli realized why the police were there.
   Angeli was handcuffed, manhandled into a back room, beaten and choked.
   During the scuffle a lamp was knocked over, and a picture fell off the
   wall. A hollow core door was also damaged when Angeli kicked out as
   she was being escorted to the police van.
   Angeli was never charged with child pornography, but she was charged
   with disorderly conduct, malicious destruction of property under $250,
   and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. (The police claimed
   that Angeli threw the lamp.). Angeli's trial began on January 24,
   1996, and a verdict was brought in on January 30. She was acquitted of
   the assault-and-battery charges, but convicted on the two other
   counts. The judge sentenced her to pay damages, to 50 hours community
   service, and to 18 months of probation. Angeli refused to sign the
   probation contract, stating that she wished to make no admission of
   guilt. The judge then sentenced her to 30 days at MCI Framingham. We
   are currently trying to raise money to pay for her appeal.
   It now appears that Angeli's conviction was based on perjured
   testimony from Detective William Phillips.

@_date: 1996-04-19 04:33:24
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: GNU Version 0.01 (alpha) of KiddieFind is now available 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 18-Apr-96 GNU Version 0.01 (alpha)
of.. by Anonymous I forwarded this to my fight-censorship list with a comment prepended
saying that this showed how dangerous the government's proposal was.
I've already received on query from an editor at a respected magazine
asking me for more information, saying that KiddieFind and the Under18
bit "looks like a good story." :)

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:07:07
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Scientologists 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-96 Re: Anti-Scientologists by
Anonymous Truth  It is indeed a religion. First Amendment advocates need to
tread carefully when dealing with the Church of Scientology, I believe.
Truth  Cults can exist in the absence of a charismatic leader.

@_date: 1997-12-14 21:11:45
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: I can't believe this! 
I can't believe this
I came across this on the Web. Is this really you? Check out this URL!
That's pretty incredible. Way to go!
