
@_date: 1993-05-18 14:41:46
@_author: Fallen Angel 
@_subject: Neural Nets to decrypt? 
I am naive on a couple of fronts, so apologies if this is off-base.
As computing evolves, would it be very possible to use a neural net
or like system to design an ideal code-breaking engine? From my u
understanding, code-breakers are only as good as their designer's
knowledge of the algorithim. Such a hypothetical system would develop
its own cracking alogorithim which could be more efficient by several
I think another variation would the use of GA's to create a more efficient
code-breaker. I know that GAs have been used to achieve near-ideal results
in least-step sorting algorithims. Would code-breaking be the same
in principle?

@_date: 1993-05-18 22:25:45
@_author: Fallen Angel 
@_subject: PGP and offline-readers 
I am getting involved in networking some local BBS' and message bases.
One of the primary functions of this network will be to serve as a library for PGP keys and to use PGP in sending messages. Now, if people read their messages offline, is there any offline
readers that exist that integrate PGP (all this is IBM based) or
is there an easy way to do this. Ideally, I want to avoid having to
decrypt each message individually and would like PGP interfaced so that it could recognize a message header, apply th eright key, and
output in the reader. I am probablky asking for too much.
Does anyone have any experience/advice w/ this tpye of large scale
implementation of PGP? I know the need to encrypt most of the messages
will be small, but I think it is important to get these people so
familar w/ encryption, they won't be scared and will defend it when
the need arises.

@_date: 1993-05-19 08:31:18
@_author: Fallen Angel 
@_subject: Random numbers 
One of the main factors in crypto seems to be a source of random
numbers which most computers don't really have.
Wouldn't it be ppossible to apply the Mafia-numbers-game solution?
i.e. For your numbers (or seed for a large volume of numbers) take
a random pubically accessible number like the last 3 digits of the
attendance of a sporting event.
I have never seen any formalizations, but that type of number should be
as close to totally random as possible.
