
@_date: 1998-07-15 21:12:04
@_author: Anton Sherwood 
@_subject: your papers please 
Reply-To: t byfield Sender: silent-tristero-approval
Reply-To: owner-scan
X-Web-Site: X-Mail-List-Info: X-SCAN: SCAN THIS NEWS
Included below is the address and letter format information for objecting
to the DoT proposed standard driver's license regulation. If implemented
as presently written, the Department of Transportation (DoT) regulation
will result in a National Identification Document (NID) system in the
United States. Once in place, no one will be allowed to travel, open bank
accounts, obtain health care, get a job or purchase firearms without first
presenting the proper government documents.
Under the Administrative Procedures Act, the public is allowed to
submit written objections during the 30 day comment period. Comments
must be submitted in writing. The notice of proposed rule making did
not recognize other forms of comments such as phone calls or email
After the comment period deadline, the agency must consider all comments
and must provide a statement supporting their decision to override public
DEADLINE: Comments must be received by August 3, 1998.
PAGE LIMIT: The page limit is 15 pages, however additional pages of relevant
supporting material may be included.
NOTE: The agency requests but does not require that two copies be sent to
the Docket Management address provided below.
NOTICE: The NHTSA also mailed copies of the proposed rule to all Highway
Safety officials and to the motor vehicle administrators of each State.
They too will be submitting comments.
PUBLIC VIEWING: Copies of all documents will be placed in Docket No.
NHTSA-98-3945; in Docket Management, Room PL-401, Nassif Building, 400
Seventh Street, SW, Washington, DC 20590. (Docket hours are Monday-Friday,
10 a.m. to 5 p.m., excluding Federal holidays.)
Also provided at the bottom of this page are some suggestions for
arguments which may be used in objecting to the proposed rule. These
arguments will hopefully stimulate further thought.
Objections do not have to raise legal issues, but they should be concisely
written and clearly state the nature of each objection.
This information will also be posted on the NetworkUSA "Fingerprint"
web page:              [LETTER FORMAT]
-[CUT HERE]-----------
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION REGARDING SUBMISSION OF COMMENTS CONTACT:
Mr. William Holden, Chief, Driver Register and Traffic Records Division,
(202) 366-4800
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see
