
@_date: 1997-07-22 13:13:04
@_author: ISPs 
@_subject: Australia to Censor the Net 
Electronic Frontiers Australia Inc.                            Media Release                  July 20th 1997
GOVT INTERNET PROPOSALS -- THREAT TO FREE SPEECH; BURDEN ON ISPS Online civil liberties group Electronic Frontiers Australia has warned
that the proposals for Internet regulation released this week by the
Minister for Communications and the Arts, Senator Alston, and the
Attorney-General, Mr Williams, would threaten free speech and place an
impossible burden on Internet service providers.
EFA Chair Kimberley Heitman said the Government had done well to avoid
the totalitarian censorship recommendations of the Senate Select
Committee in its June 1997 report.  However the proposals were still
"an unnecessary intrusion by Big Brother".
There are several problems with the suggested principles for
The principles make Internet Service Providers (ISPs) responsible for
content created and published by others.  "It is quite simple.", said
Mr Heitman. "Content providers should be responsible for content.  The
whole concept of making service providers responsible for content is
bizarre. It is as senseless as making paper-makers responsible for
books published using their paper".
The principles require ISPs to make judgements about how material
published by their users would be classified by the Office of Film and
Literature Classification.  "The recent Rabelais case in the Federal
Court illustrates the complexity of the OFLC classification system",
said Mr Heitman.  "But now ISPs, whose skills are primarily technical,
are expected to enter the legal minefield of censorship
classification. This is an extraordinary burden which can only result
in perfectly legal material being removed 'just in case'."
The principles do not explain how jurisdictional issues resulting from
States passing their own censorship laws would be resolved. "Requiring ISPs to take into account whether material would 'otherwise
be illegal under a State or Territory law' could be a total nightmare,
especially for national service providers", commented Mr Heitman. "It
would effectively allow individual States to impose their values on
the entire country".
The principles fail to take into account that clearly objectionable
material such as child pornography is already illegal under existing
law, or that the vast bulk of "adult" material is sourced from outside
Australia.  "The Clinton administration in the USA has just abandoned
attempts to regulate the Internet - yet Australia seems to be trying
to do the impossible all by itself", said Mr Heitman.
There is still no evidence that there is any problem for which
legislation of this kind is the solution.  User education and
community awareness are important, but these can not usefully be
compelled by legislation.
      --------------------------------------------------------------
      Electronic Frontiers Australia Inc  --        representing Internet users concerned with on-line freedoms
      --------------------------------------------------------------
      Media Contacts
      Kimberley Heitman
      Phone: +61 8 9458 2790
      Email: kheitman
      Danny Yee
      Phone (home): +61 2 9955 9898
      Phone (work): +61 2 9351 5159
      Email: danny.yee
      --------------------------------------------------------------
DCA principles:
 PRINCIPLES FOR A REGULATORY FRAMEWORK FOR ON-LINE SERVICES IN THE
BROADCASTING SERVICES ACT 1992
1. The Broadcasting Services Act 1992 (BSA) should be amended to
establish a national framework of effective industry self-regulation
for on-line service providers, supervised by the Australian
Broadcasting Authority (ABA), in relation to content transmitted
through on-line networks.
2. The regulatory regime should aim to : (a) encourage on-line service providers to respect community standards
in relation to material published by means of their service; and
(b) encourage the provision of means for addressing complaints about
content published by means of an on-line services; and
(c) ensure that on-line service providers place a high priority on the
protection of minors from exposure to material which may be harmful to
3. The legislation should encourage the development of self-regulatory
mechanisms and in particular avoid inhibiting the growth and
development of the on-line services industry by placing unreasonable
regulatory constraints on the on-line services provider industry
regarding the publication and transmission of material.
4. The legislation should codify the responsibilities of an on-line
service provider in relation to objectionable content and other
content that is of concern to the community accessed by means of the
on-line service provider's network.

@_date: 1997-07-24 16:24:03
@_author: apache@gargoyle.apana.org.au 
@_subject: Re: CNET editor endorses self-labeling, "news site" standard 
I noted the following on the cypherpunks mail list and would like to
make a few comments concerning your recent CNET article which you
will find following the comments made by Declan McCullagh.
Let's face it the ratings system has very little to do with giving
power to the reader, indeed it is primarily aimed at taking power
away from the reader to make decisions for themselves and placing
that power in someone elses hands.
EPIC certainly does NOT support the use of such software in
principle. Please post a prominent correction on your 'news' site. I qualify the terms news site only to point out that whether your site is actually a legitimate news site in the opinion of others will vary and to note that having never heard of CNET before and being cognizant of this particular factual error I have stumbled across and the blatant hypocracy of your arguments I would probably classify it as a 'fantasy site' however I'll withhold judgement until I've seen a little more of CNET. You probably question my ability and right to judge you and I may question your ability or someone elses to judge what is a legitimate news site; so what? Thats the problem, just who will judge who and why should it matter. The concept is absurd and repugnant. Marc Rotenburg, a director of EPIC, has emailed you a thoughtful response and considering the nature of your factual error it would be heartening to see his letter published unedited and in full to correct your error.
Am I correct in assuming from this that so long as only sexual material is blocked this is not restrictive of free speech in your Do you feel that if the ratings system becomes widely deployed your own government would be above this? What was the nature of the CDA that was recently defeated?? Think again.
Yet you go on to say that you yourself should be subject to less onerous ratings due to your self-proclaimed 'news' status. Should we introduce all sorts of exemptions to allow art galleries to publish their nudes on the net, or photographers to publish similar works of art (hint: one mans art is anothers pornography and vice versa), or indeed pictures or text describing the massacres in East Timore which would be offensive and hurtful to many, not the least of which would be members of the Indonesian government; or are such text and images only appropriate when found on a self proclaimed 'news' site?
Oh I get it, the ratings system is good enough for everyone _else_ but not for your own special unique position.
Are only 'news' sites given constitutional protection in the USA?
Prima facia the material must have been offensive under their own
voluntary guidelines; thus it _should_ be censored. Perhaps
self-imposed censorship is running into the same sorts of problems
commonly experienced with government imposed censorship. No doubt you would.
Looks to me like an attempt to establish your own little power group
to ensure that the rules of censorship you advocate apply to
everyone but yourselves whilst at the same time hypocritically
proclaiming you support censorship based on ratings.
...which may carry the very same material you propose to publish under your 'special' 'news' category.
How very convenient and cosy for CNET.
It's a silly idea.
No and no. Should any material I come across be unsuitable for me I find the
'back' button more convenient, easier to set up and allows more
Look forward to seeing my comments up there.
Once you start advocating exceptions to the very censorship (oops I
mean ratings) system you advocate your going to run into all sorts of
problems. From your perspective you see 'legitimate news sites'
(whatever that is supposed to mean..is CNET as _legitimate_ as say
TIME; I hardly think so. If you succeed in establishing this you'll
be squashed by the big boys as being illegitimate and new players to
the news game will never get a look in as a 'legitimate news site')
others will see their own equally worthy interests, perhaps more
worthy in the opinion of some, as exceptions to the general rule eg.
art galleries, womens sexuality and health centres, moslems offended
by christianity, Palestinians offended by Jews, homosexual sites,
family planning sites etc etc etc. They all will have valid
arguments why they should be allowed to promulgate certain material
if you accept that news sites have a valid argument why the full
effect of voluntary censorship ratings should not be applied.
I once had sympathy for voluntary ratings. I can respect your position somewhat if the ratings are applied _consistently_. That means no exceptions. Exceptions based on utility raises all sorts of difficulties and really just points out how silly the whole idea is in the first place. If, however, you favour such a system go ahead but please don't advocate that different rules should be applied to different people or organizations. My concerns with voluntary ratings 1. that they be truly voluntary with _no_, I'll say that again NO coercive power applied to enforce such ratings.
2. the net community, by developing and deploying this software and ratings system is handing governments around the world a means to censor the net. All they need do once such a system becomes widely deployed is step in and pass laws that make it _mandatory_ not voluntary. We see such a proposal already here in Australia where it is proposed ISP s be subject to massive fines for the content carried over the wires unless it can be shown, to the satisfaction of a government authority, they did their utmost to prevent certain content (ie impose a mandatory voluntary ratings system). This plays right into the hands of the government censors who would dismally fail to censor the net unless we, as net users, developers etc, hand them the solution on a plate.
3. to be consistent you should advocate voluntary ratings for books,
libraries, magazines, newsletters, news papers, billboards,
unsolicited snail mail, government pamphlets etc. I note here the
American Libraries opposition to filtering software and the
violation of the 1st amendment that would probably occur through the
use of such filtering in libraries and some other sites.
This brings to mind another question. What enforcement procedures
do you have in mind where a site claims to be a legitimate news site
under your proposed scheme but your group thinks it is clearly not?
Just who is going to decide what is legitimate and what is not?
Seems to me this has not been very clearly thought through; or perhaps it has been clearly thought through and you just want to censor everyone else but yourself and your buddies.
I give your article 1 out of 10. Resubmit something better

@_date: 1997-07-26 12:19:00
@_author: apache@gargoyle.apana.org.au 
@_subject: Re: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
Welcome to the USA...please check your keys at the door.
(Or you will be violated)
Defence counsel: Your honour the FBI agent could have cracked my clients grocery list within 24 hours if he hadn't taken a long lunch break at Hooters Topless Bar & Grill and not overlooked that he was running his NifTY War3Z crAk3R v0.3 against the wrong file.
Prosecutor: Could not
Defence: Could so
Prosecutor: Irrelevant your auspiciousness, the fact is the grocery list was not decrypted in 24 hours.
Judge: I sentence the defendant to $100 000 penalty or in default 15 years at a federal re-education facility.
Defence: But your worthiness it was only a $35 grocery list!
Judge: Anyone seen my gavel?

@_date: 1997-07-27 03:35:24
@_author: apache@gargoyle.apana.org.au 
@_subject: Australian net legislator proves Clueless newbie 
"I heard Senator Alston on ABC Radio National tonight (23 July). He
made a comment that the "Internet has been going for 3 or 4 years".
Its extraordinary that with limited knowledge such as this he is
forging forward with regulatory changes which will dramatically change
the face of the 'Net in Australia and completely ignore the the
existing cultural milieu that has been created over many years (a lot
more than "3 or 4" Alston might be surprised to know)..."
Senator Alston, self appointed net expert has no email address, as is common for the vast majority of Australian politicians who in general understand little more than the net present value of their unfunded superannuation payouts.
Any Aussies want to have their say (uncensored) on the web export your dollars out of this backwater and buy some space on extra-territorial web server.
