
@_date: 1997-09-23 12:59:09
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: InfoWar 19 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet) 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Extra! : News From the Front Extra! : News From
the Front
[News Flash! From:   "The Home of
Liberalism on the Web"]
What They Don't Want You to Know
   by  Auto-Correspondent "
In order to understand InfoWar you need to realize that everything
controlled by a CypherPunks list made up of Cult of One members
with help from Nobody and Anonymous.
The conspiracy first started during the Censorship Experiment
majordomo They have been responsible for many
events throughout history, including the InfoWar.
Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere. They can be
identified by their Code writing.
They want to electronically forge TruthMonger posts and imprison
resisters in Silicon Valley using Trei Transponders.
In order to prepare for this, we all must Nuke DC. Since the media
is controlled by Declan McCullagh we should get our information
from Black Unicorn's yellow-menace writing in blanc snow..
Just as he had suspected!
A Player To Be Named Later read the output of the Java script
at Left Turn's 'Make Your Own Conspiracy Theory' page.
Left Turn had confirmed everything he had been discovering on
his own, even when he had discovered facts and information which
pointed toward completely contradictory conspiracy theories. A
Player To Be Named Later recognized that this was positive proof
that the roots of the Great Conspiracy had spread throughout the
very fabric of reality, itself.
He now knew that the conspiracy was no longer just some outside
entity which lived in the shadows around him, waiting for him
to let down his guard before it sprang its waiting traps and enclosed
him with its vicious iron jaws.
He now knew that it went much, much deeper than that.
Now, he knew the conspiracy was in his Mind!
A Player To Be Named Later had immediately dropped all of his
other InterNet personas and erased all signs of them from his
hard drive. With the new knowledge he had gained, he knew that
he could no longer trust even himself.
The first sign that the conspiracy had managed to spread throughout
both reality and virtual reality were the posts to the CypherPunks
mailing list by Damaged Justice.
Organization: Somewhere just far enough outside of your
   THE generation that has grown up on The X-Files poses a threat
to the
   future of journalism, Fergal Keane, the BBC's Asia Correspondent,
   last night.
   There's a bounty on Gordie Howe's head. And Gordie isn't laughing
about it.
   Howe, 69, is planning to file a police complaint against a
California radio    personality who offered a bounty to have "the old fool
pummeled back to reality."
an all-out rout.     The electronic wizards seem to have met their match in a Washington
     named Louis Freeh.
   By deploying their questionnaire on the Web, the researchers
   hoping to use the relative anonymity of the Net to access a
   population" of drug users who would be disinclined to
give accurate
   reports of illegal use to face-to-face interviewers, Nicholson
In a short series of posts, Damaged Justice had managed to subtly
point out that:
  The InterNet, in the hands of the public, was a threat to truth.
  Assassination Politics would lead to the death of heroes such
as Gordie Howe.
  Louis Freeh is going to kick the electronic wizards' butts.
  Successful people on the InterNet are all secret drug users.
A Player To Be Named Later had seen the duplicity in Damaged Justice's
posts long before this, just as he had in the posts of Se7en.
Se7en purported to be a diabolical hacker turned lecturer, working
the security and LEA (law enforcement agency) circuit, but it
had become obvious that it was they who were working him. Se7en
had got caught up in the LEA's child pornography ruse and wrote
a lengthy diatribe to the CypherPunks list about the millions
of pedophiles lurking in the shadows of the InterNet. This came
at a time which was convenient for adding support to the agendas
of several of the government shills working the list at that time.
A Player To Be Named Later had followed the trail of alleged pointers
and addresses that were provided by Se7en, only to find the usual
spooks lurking in the background. It was obvious that the spooks
were doing their best to cultivate a crop of genuine pedophiles
by seeding the InterNet with pointers to trails of perversion
that they had carefully laid out themselves. No doubt they would
keep their self-generated perverts on ice until it came time to
drag them out into the public eye for one of their show-and-tell
displays of the 'good fight' they were putting up against the
evil InterNet.
A Player To Be Named Later hadn't run his usual analysis on the
past posts and email traffic of Damaged Justice and those connected
to him, but he was not sure that it really mattered anymore, anyway.
There were indications that FUD/DoubleSpeak/SpinDoctoring/VirtualTruth-whatever
you wanted to name it-had reached critical mass.
He took another look at one of Choate's posts to the CypherPunks
Just a thought...
The connection was obvious.
A number of stories made it into the periphery of the mainstream
press concerning the U.S. spooks campaign to murder 'bad' foreigners
by introducing defective parts into the products they bought for
their armed forces. Then the U.S. forces immediately got hit with
a rash of high-profile 'accidents' to their own military units.
It was a clear message to the U.S. spooks that two (or more) could
play that game. So clear, in fact, that the Pentagon publicly
and privately pulled in the reins on a variety of normal and special
operations, in order to shake the trees for defective parts and
defective soldiers. (Mostly the latter.)
The Real Guy had planned an expose on the background events taking
place in this area, but had decided not to do so, uncertain as
to why he had made that decision, at the time.
Now, A Player To Be Named Later realized that it was because FUD
(Fear, Uncertainty & Disinformation) had become the rule of
the day, and there was no longer anyone left to preach to but
the converted-and the converted were becoming unconverted at an
increasingly rapid rate.
It had become obvious, I suppose, when it took so little effort
on the Pentagon's part to cover up the pair of rogue U.S. Air
Force pilots who had been positively linked to the Circle of Eunuchs
by the secret task force dedicated to rooting them out of their
hiding places deep within the bowels of government and corporate
agencies around the world.
It was not surprising that they had managed to cover up the involvement
of the nuclear bomber pilot, since they were able to label her
a sex criminal before she had taken any overt action that would
serve to trigger the interest of those paying close attention
to such things. It was her proximity to the Author's current location that had
led to her discovery. The retired Air Force intelligence officer
who had been assigned to shadow the Author in Do Well, Saskatchewan,
had alerted Canadian Customs to notify him any time that soldiers
from Minot Air Force Base crossed into his territory. Although
she never made physical contact with the Author, her mere presence
in close proximity to him led to an in-depth investigation that
turned up enough 'coincidences' to require her removal from service.
What was very troubling, however, was the fact that another of
the Author's contacts, from the Air Force base at his old stomping
grounds in Tucson, had been able to break formation on a training
run, fly halfway across the country with live bombs, almost making
it to the site of the McVeigh trial in Denver, and yet it hardly
rated a "Gee, I wonder why he did that?" in the mainstream
Tentative suggestions that the pilot was 'emotionally troubled'
were eaten up by the press, despite evidence to the contrary from
his friends and relatives, so readily that the Air Force never
even had to release the 'psychiatrist reports' that had been hastily
prepared to be 'leaked' to the right sources, if needed.
A Player To Be Named Later wondered if all reporters for the mainstream
press were not, in fact, still incarcerated in the press compounds
set up for Operation Desert Storm. Were the 'backgrounds' they
appeared to be reporting from in reality just virtual creations
from inside their media prison?
A pilot carrying live bombs makes a beeline for the site of the
Oklahoma Bomber's trial; a truck full nuclear warheads goes missing;
soldiers on a base are the target of an armed assault; the pilot
of a nuclear bomber is shanghaied on curiously slim pretexts;
a horde of major armed forces figures suddenly resign or are shifted
to non-sensitive positions-and the world hardly seems to notice.
When a single former Russian General, however, with close connections
to the spooks, writes a no-brainer book with unsupported claims
about nuclear suitcases falling into the hands of the US's proclaimed
'enemies,' then the mainstream press snaps to attention and gives
full coverage to the dark threat posed by theoretical, unseen,
dark-skinned people who we will need to be protected from, in
the future.
"Gee, I wonder why he would do that?" A Player
To Be Named Later said, sarcastically, while visualizing a dark-skinned
person in a foreign country purchasing a nuclear suitcase from
CIA-run Russian spooks.
"I suppose that if there was hard, non-refutable evidence
of an Air Force soldier purchasing a nuclear suitcase and going
AWOL, headed for Washington, DC, that this would be the reaction
of the mainstream press. But let a foreign 'darkie' try it, and
all of a sudden we need to suspend some more basic human rights,
even if it was a BATF shill who was being run by a CIA connected,
former German intelligence operative who is related to a high-ranking
German politician who was involved in the Iran-Contra drugs-for-arms
A Player To Be Named Later reached for a bottle of Scotch sitting
behind his laptop, taking a slow pull off of it as he reviewed
the signs of the death of investigative journalism in the past
few years.
The CIA had used Woodward and Bernstein effectively during their
assault on the Presidency at the close of the Nixon scandal. The
problem was that it inspired a plethora of uncontrollable impersonators
who wreaked havoc with their efforts at FUD control. So  they
orchestrated the movement of investigative journalism into the
mundane mainstream of everyday life.
The sheeple didn't care about world politics and behind the scenes
power struggles. Their real interests lie in secret videos of
an employee dipping his dick in a coworker's coffee; a mechanic
putting the old distributor cap back on and charging the customer
for a new one; a black mayor snorting coke and getting a little
trim from the ladies of the night.
All of this became breaking news which required the full force
of the media digging into the dark corners of these people's lives.
Until the world's nasty little secrets became just another everyday,
run of the mill part of normal life.
Now, Media Reality had finally approached critical mass, as foreseen
by a variety of voices crying in the wilderness, from George Orwell
to Marshal McLuhan.
Now, it was only a matter of time.
A Player To Be Named Later read the "Internet putting truth
in danger" post by Damaged Justice, once again:
   Mr Keane, delivering the Huw Weldon Memorial Lecture at
a television
   convention, said that he was worried about the growing influence
   the Internet, and the conspiracy theories that are aired on
God help us if things deteriorated to the point where ordinary
people put the mainstream media 'truth' in danger by pointing
out the obvious to people who didn't really want
to know why a U.S. Air Force pilot would head for the site of
McVeigh's trial with a load of live bombs.
Maybe he just got lost...
   He told the Royal Television Society's Cambridge Convention
that the
   rash of rumours about the circumstances of the death of Diana,
   Princess of Wales showed that there was a public appetite for
   speculation and fantasy. He said: "Will the generation
growing up on
   The X-Files really want to choose calm, considered reportage
when they
   have science-fiction and fantasy?"
"Calm, considered reportage." A Player To Be
Named Later intoned, solemnly, thinking about the first interview
he had seen by the major media with someone who had been close
to the Princess's fatal accident.
"Explosion." That was the first, and only, time
he had heard that word used by someone who had been present at
the time of the accident. By the time the rest of North America
had awoken that morning, there were only reporters feeding the
world the disinformation being officially released by the authorities.
And in a world where reporters will dig up a dead body to do DNA
tests to see if the deceased was, indeed, fucking Tom Cruise,
the major networks somehow managed to 'lose' the footage of interviews
with the original witnesses, offering, instead, interviews with
people who thought that maybe something was perhaps taking place
down there in the tunnel, but who really knows? We were told that there were no witnesses to the accident, yet
we were still fed unlikely reports of a motorcycle with photographers
on it zigzagging in front of the death vehicle at over a hundred
miles an hour, and sundry other inanities reeking of  'now you
see it, now you don't' spin doctoring.       He said that the trend threatened to plunge reporting into
   "rumour-ridden gloom of the Middle Ages".
God forbid that unseemly rumors might spread concerning a man
heading a covert organization involved in running illegal drugs
and arms ascending to the Presidency after succeeding the front-man
who had come to power as a result of those illegal actions, and
who had invaded a foreign country to capture the drug-dealing
monster who had been his closest bum-buddy during his spook days.
God forbid that Joe Average should be exposed to the knowledge
that a succession of their Presidents were backed by the big bucks
made by their friends and relatives in business with the Nazis
right up to the end of World War II.
Knowledge such as this was dangerous knowledge that would
put the spoon-fed "truth" of the mainstream media "in
danger" if the InterNet was allowed to become a purveyor
of 'unofficial' or 'non-approved' news.
A Player To Be Named Later thought of the three days of intensive
press coverage in which a multitude of mainstream media personnel
spent hour upon hour adding fuel to 'official leak' inspired rumors
while not seeming to be able to get any information at all on
the players who were part and parcel of the media's daily business
He had been waiting to see the pictures of the concrete column
that the heavily armored death vehicle had supposedly hit at over
a hundred miles per hour. Nothing.
{In Toledo, or Detroit, or some other 'cable channel' city,
a day or so later, some no-name John Doe was killed after his
vehicle struck a concrete column on a local road structure. There
were reporters from a number of media sources there, getting close-ups
of the vehicle, the column, and the damage to it, the broken scraps
of concrete at the accident scene. A Player To Be Named Later
saw it two or three times that day, as the media ensured that
all the circumstances surrounding the death of John Doe would
be subjected to the light of mainstream media 'truth.' He saw
pictures from a variety of different angles, obviously taken in
the interest of satisfying his 'right to know' all of the details
surrounding the death of John Doe, Anywhere, USA.}
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:03:59
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Movie Suitcases 
Anyone notice that there is a nuclear suitcase movie being released within a couple of weeks of the NSA shill Russian general's book
about the same?
So, does everybody now have it firm in their mind that this is a real
threat that we will need to take firm action on the minute that Freeh
& Company announce the nuclear suitcase crisis?
Mail the last of your civil and human rights to your Congressman today.
Tell him or her to forward them to President Freeh before leaving for
the internment camps.
A Player To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-09-25 05:53:27
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Kill a Cop--Save a Child / Re: Update from the House Commerce Committee hearing room 
The problem seems to be that LEA's are full to the brim with incompetent officers who are incapable of enforcing the laws of
the land without violating the citizen's Constitutional rights.
  The solution? Make room in the LEA's for people who *are* capable of doing so.
  The US has more of their citizen-units in prison than most of the
'bad' countries that they claim to be protecting us from, yet they
turn around and tell us that, despite the mountains of our cash they
are demanding to keep their protection racket going, that they cannot
protect our children from the great hordes of child molesters and
drug czars who are running free while they spend their time arresting
grandmothers who are putting money in parking meters and confiscating
the vehicles of other grandmothers who have a joint in their car.
  Let me get this straight...
  These dweebs are capable of finding a single joint in a vehicle
travelling amoung thousands of others on the freeway, but they are
incapable of finding a ton of cocaine in an airport with less than
a hundred planes in it?
  These idiots need to be able to invade *everyone's* privacy in
order to catch the millions of pedophiles lurking on the InterNet,
but they can't catch them *now* when it is likely that hardly
any of them know squat about strong encryption?
  Why are the LEA's salaries not tied directly to the price of drugs
on the street? Because, with the price of heroin at a record low for
the decade, then these thieving fucks would be making less than the
minimum wage!
  How about a new system of LEA payments, etc., that is based on
  Low drug prices, low LEA salaries. If you are victimized by a
criminal, you get to kill 1 cop. If you are victimized by a cop,
you get to kill 1 politician. If you are victimized by a politician,
you get to Nuke DC!
  "Do you feel lucky, Mr. President? Well...do you?"
  Uuhhh...are these the guys who can't understand what the crack dealers
are saying?
  Is there a "use of Ebonics in the commission of a crime" provision in
the Oxhead amendment?
  I'm willing to compromise. We hand over our secret keys on the condition that if a single key, anywhere in the world, is compromised
by their system, we get to kill every legislator who voted for GAK.
  This, in itself, is likely to result in the elimination, in one single year, of more drug dealers and pedophiles than would result
from a hundred years of GAK.
  On the other hand, I am willing to admit that GAK might prove useful
for saving lives in other countries that need to track the activities
of US Foreign-Law Breaking Agencies who are murdering their citizens
by slipping bad components into their imported parts and supplies.
  These fuckers are all crazy...
A Player To Be Named Later

@_date: 1997-09-25 15:17:11
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: InfoWar 20 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
A Billionaire To Be Named Later
A Billionaire To Be Named Later
"Did you notice the way 'Mojave' was misspelled?"
the Shadow asked the Rich Man.
Bad BillyG nodded slowly, looked up at the Shadow and said, "I
also noticed that he used the 'replay' remailer and spoke of 'deja
"Indio?" the Shadow asked Bad BillyG, not having
to wait for his confirmation to know that the anonymous writer
was referring to the Wackenhut/Cabazon weapons fencing operation.
"I've got someone checking the physical site as we speak,"
BillyG told the Shadow, "but I think it's obvious
that the references to Lefty and the tassel-haired young woman
firing a shotgun with one hand means that these people recreated
an event that happened over a decade and a half ago, only..."
Bad BillyG paused to swallow, "...only this
time, the targets are us, not them."
The Shadow and his earthly compatriot turned their attention to
the anonymous post, once again, confirming what they already knew,
and scanning for more details of the writers veiled message, therein.
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
[Not-News NetWork-- Mohave Desert] Aug 4/97
WHAT DOES A FIVE HUNDRED POUND GORILLA READ AT THE BREAKFAST TABLE?
- sog
The "Not-News Gorilla NutWork" was rocket-launched in
the Mohave Desert
early yesterday morning by a rag-tag bunch of paramilitarist computer
gurus who unveiled an InterNet Bill of Bytes that included the
words, "MicroSoft shall make no laws..."
Angered by a self-appointed council of computer industry magnates
have announced their intention to seize fascist control of the
burgeoning Information Highway by controlling the definition of
information, the rebels set up a shooting range which contained
a wide
variety of targets ranging from copies of the Wall Street Journal
life-sized cardboard cut-outs of a hooded figure referred to only
"a billionaire to be named later."
A Che Guerva look-alike named Lefty (a nickname changed from "Lucky"
after a laboratory accident took three of the fingers on his right
hand) spoke openly about the group's loose-knit plans to impose
own ratings system on corporations who have "taken it upon
to decide what is news and what is not--what is information and
is obscenity." "We have decided on two classes of ratings." explained
a tassel-
haired young woman as she slid shells into a Winchester Defender
sitting on her lap. "On..." she said, lifting the shotgun
with one
hand, then liberating the hooded head from a nearby cardboard
before turning back to say, with a Cheshire grin, "...and
The wide array of luxury automobiles and high-end computer gear
display at the gathering lent credence to the claim of a quiet
man whose only comment during my presence was, "The people
probably have a combined access to more soft targets than the
He turned to punctuate his statement, as many others did that
with a volley of fire that penetrated targets carrying the corporate
logos of a variety of big-name players in the computer industry.
Surprisingly, the conversation consisted almost totally of issues
surrounding privacy, self-determination and freedom from censorship,
with hardly a word being spoken about potential plans of action
individuals or the group. As the quiet man's equally quiet wife
spoke in what seemed to be a deathly whisper, telling me, "Everyone
here knows what they have to do.", a man with a crude, homemade
rocket-launcher sent a flaming projectile into the side of a small
propane tank several hundred feet away, as if punctuating the
and most meaningful statement of the day.
After quietly dispersing a few minutes later, the group packed
their weapons and climbed into their vehicles without a word between
them, each seemingly going their own separate ways.
I stayed on after the last of the others had left, reflecting
on the
fact that I had arrived at this gathering by virtue of a late-night
phone call to my unlisted number, and found that I knew none of
participants in the activities.
I had the strangest feeling that the others there had arrived
by the
same anonymous process as I had, and I wondered if they were equally
mystified as to who had arranged this impromptu assembly of apparent
strangers joined in a common cause. Immediately, one of the pickup
trucks driving away backfired, and I thought of synchronicity,
that the truck would backfire once again, which it immediately
did, before disappearing quietly out of sight.
Climbing into my own vehicle, I took a last look at the site,
had been cleaned and left exactly the way it was when I had first
arrived on the scene. I experienced a moment of deja vu, as if
I had
just arrived and none of what I had experienced that day had truly
Somewhere in the distance, a vehicle backfired...
Disclaimer - I am not a reporter, I am not a paramilitarist, and
I am
not a computer expert. I have no idea what I was doing there and
I am
not even certain that I should be speaking about the event...but
I am.
A Player To Be Named Later put down the 'Not-News Gorilla NutWork
Rocket-Launched' post and scanned portions of the INSLAW/Octopus
report from NaziWorld, once again.
The INSLAW Octopus
Software piracy, conspiracy, cover-up, stonewalling,
covert action: Just another decade at the Department of Justice
By Richard L. Fricker
But prior to his arrest in 1991, Riconosciuto provided the
Hamiltons with an affidavit that once again brought Brian into
the Inslaw picture. "I engaged in some software development
and modification work in 1983 and 1984 on proprietary PROMIS computer
software product," he stated. "The copy of PROMIS on
which I worked came from the US Department of Justice. Earl W.
Brian made it available to me through Wackenhut (a security company
with close FBI and CIA connections) after acquiring it from Peter
Videnieks, who was then a Department of Justice contracting official
with the responsibility for PROMIS software. I performed the modifications
to PROMIS in Indio, Calif.; Silver Springs, Md.; and Miami, Fla."
The modifications included a telecommunications "trap door"
that would let the US Government eavesdrop on any other organization
using the pirated software, Riconosciuto said.
Although Brian denies any involvement with Inslaw or Riconosciuto,
the House Judiciary Committee received a report from a special
task force of the Riverside County, Calif., Sheriff's Office and
District Attorney, stating that on the evening of Sept. 10, 1981,
arms dealers, buyers and various intelligence operatives gathered
at the Cabazon Indian Reservation near Indio, Calif., for a demonstration
of night warfare weapons. The demonstration was orchestrated jointly
by Wackenhut and the Cabazon Indian tribe. (Many published reports
allege that the Wackenhut/Cabazon joint venture served as a weapons
fencing operation for Oliver North's Iran- Contra dealings.) Bad BillyG involved in that mess?
A Player To Be Named Later shook his head negatively, to himself.
It seemed unlikely, but it would explain a few things which
had been troubling him, lately. And it would mean that the anonymous
poster knew enough intimate details of an event that had been
shrouded in deep secrecy to pose a threat to all those connected
with the Indio affair.
It would also explain the apparently strange ending to a major
play by the news and computer industry heavyweights calling themselves
the 'Internet Content Coalition' that the anonymous post seemed
to be threatening.
For starters, Microsoft made an immediate about-face, within hours
of the anonymous post, on their plans to include technology supporting
the Internet Content Coalition's aims in their next version of
Internet Explorer.

@_date: 1997-09-25 17:54:23
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Pissing on the Parade / Re: Oxley Amendment 
Lucky Green, travelling faster than the speed of light and sending
his post the the cypherpunks list hours *after* my reply to it,
  "Can you say Plan B, Plan CC and Plan DC? Sure you can..."
  Plan B  - Bomb
  Plan CC - Beyond the Return to the Valley of the Planet of ClipperChip
            "Coming soon to a computer chip manufacturer near you!"
                    (Can you say Intel? Sure you can...)
  Plan DC - Nuke DC [<--  Cult of OnePunk counter-plan]
  "Do you feel punk, Lucky? Well...do you?"
      Clit Westwood, in 'Megaton Force'
I presume that those toasting the 'great victory' are doing so with leftover champagne that went stale when they didn't have time to
drink the whole bottle before the stay of the Bernstein ruling cut
short *that* grand little celebration.
I hate to 'poop the party' boys and girls, but the Big Boys are playing
for *all* the marbles, in case no one has noticed.
Anyone who is still under the impression that the self-proclaimed 'good
guys' are going to be 'fighting fair' had better quit sucking on their
thumb and stick it up their ass, where it might provide a bit more
protection during future events.
  "You don't have to be a cypherpunk to know which way Gilmore is
       Dr. Dimitri Dylan, KOTM
"I'll trade you 5,000,000 DC residents, for one Tim C. May."

@_date: 1997-09-25 18:17:05
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Good News / Bad News 
Bill Gore, FBI - "The good news is that we have apprehended Ramon Eduardo Arellano-Felix
 in return for paying out the two million dollar reward for his sorry,
 drug-dealing, scum-sucking ass."
Louis Freeh, Lying Nazi Fuck - "What's the bad news?
Bill Gore, FBI - "We payed the two million to Jim Bell, and he used it to place a bet..."

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:25:26
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200.00 / Re: In response to Declan's questions about crypto.com 
Bad news, gang! I've re-upped my liquor supply and I am therefore not
prone to suffer fools gladly, for the moment.
 Please answer the following question for me:
"When was the last time you 'compromised' in a game of Monopoly?"
  "Golly, gee. If you can't afford to pay the rent for landing on Park
Place, with my four hotels in place, why don't I cut you a little slack
so that you can make a comeback and rip my throat out later in the
  Monopoly has rules. Cribbage has rules. You never hear anyone saying,
"Fourteen? Close enough! Count it as fourteen-two."
  Why is it that people who would castigate, slander and lynch a person
who cheats at golf, are so eager to preach 'compromise' with those who
want to cheat at 'the Constitution'?
  "The rules say, 'not closer to the hole' you dipshit! You can't throw
the ball 50 feet toward the green!"
  "Sure it *says* "the right to bear arms," but it doesn't really *mean*
that. It really means "the right to bear arms, unless Congress says that
your rifle is a 'gimme'."
  "Yeah, Tiger, just 'kick' that ball in the hole, and we'll give you the trophy."
  "We'll just round 'pi' off to 3.0 and...Hey! Where did my circle go?
It's those fucking drug dealing, terrorist pedophiles that took my circle, isn't it? We'll declare a 'War on Pi' and Key Escrow their
sorry asses. That'll solve the problem. Of course, we'll have to make using the correct value of 'pi' in the commission of a crime
a fucking felony, but we have to think of the children."
Nobody (posting anonymosly)
"Stop making sense, Amelia." ~~David Burn ('em if you got 'em)

@_date: 1997-09-27 07:49:26
@_author: A Player To Be Named Later 
@_subject: Re: Remailer latencies 
Since I am generally up all night, under the influence of illegal drugs,
and am an extremely impatient individual--after sending an anonymous email at 4 a.m. when all the decent remailer users are in bed, sleeping,
I then send a half-dozen bullshit posts via the same remailer in order
to trigger the remailer into sending the posts out.
Invariably, I find that the post I was so eager to see in print is an
incomprehensible piece of crap that nobody in their right mind would
read, but my 'system' for expiditing my lame posts could conceivably
be used by those who actually have something to say, as well.
And, since you asked, would it not be in the interests of remailer
operators to have a script which would generate random text, encrypt
it to various remailers and send it out as 'cover traffic'?
It would seem to me that this would be particularly valuable for the
remailers that receive the least amount of traffic.
A Player To Be Named Later (posting non-anomymously)
