
@_date: 1996-08-15 10:00:57
@_author: or mail order 
@_subject: Inside Currents Vol.1,No.5 
Inside Currents
Vol 1, No. 5
August 13, 1996
Inside Currents Newsletter
An electronic update from Computer Currents Interactive
1. Tech Support, on and off line:  This week's cover story in Computer
Currents Magazine
2.  Gigglebytes turns 10!
3. Check out our online Shopping Mall
4. Computer Catalogs Online
5. Coming soon, from Computer Currents Interactive
6.  Computer Currents Interactive membership information
1. Tech Support, on and off line:  Do you need help navigating the sea of available tech support resources?
Read our exclusive Computer Currents cover story for information about party software and hardware support companies who sell phone support, plus
fee and free online help you can find on the internet.  Also, new in our
Columns section: "Corporate PC" looks at Post-It Software Notes; "Gizmos"
explores the chaotic world of videoconferencing; Net Surfer tries Offline
Web Browsing.        2. Gigglebytes turns 10!
This month Computer Currents magazine celebrates the 10th anniversary of
Gigglebytes. Join author Lincoln Spector as he revisits his favorite articles over the decade.  Gigglebytes gives readers a humorous view on computer industry trends and people.         3. Check out our online Shopping Mall
Our new shopping mall area is still under construction, but we're already
bringing together an exciting range of regionally based goods and Of special note: Our Net Quote service allows you to solicit price bids on
computer equipment--you can let the stores come to you.
        4. Computer Catalogs Online
If you're thinking of buying a new computer, check out the new section got up and running!  Now our users can research computer stores in
their area (or mail order), and browse available hardware listings.  You find local contact numbers with just the click of a mouse!
        5. Coming soon, from Computer Currents Interactive
Discount coupons you can print out and use with local retailers;
more ways to order online through CCI; our enhanced "Computer Advisor" stimulating chat rooms and forums; contests and surveys; more FREE stuff.
6. Computer Currents Interactive membership
CCI Membership is FREE and benefits abound! Create and edit your own post your resume in our Talent Bank, receive special product discounts CCI vendors,
participate in contests and surveys, and much more! If you're not already member, join CCI today.
       How to subscribe to Inside Currents:
To Subscribe:
1. Join CCI at 2. Check yes to "subscribe to Inside Currents" box.
To Unsubscribe:
 1. If you are NOT interested in receiving Inside Currents, cut and paste
this sentence and e-mail us at
caliban We'll remove your address from our list. Please be
sure to include your user name.
2. If you need further assistance, please send e-mail to Computer Currents Interactive   The full-service online resource for computer users!
