
@_date: 1993-05-21 15:59:10
@_author: Eric Watt Forste 
@_subject: Re: cypto + compression 
OK well if you encrypt a compressed file, there are bound to be lots more
  new redundencies created in the encryption process
In fact there are not. You can test this out; use PGP to encrypt any
file you please, and then use any compression software you like to
compress it. You will get no significant compression.
Eric Watt Forste                             arkuat
1800 Market St                           San Francisco CA 94102
      "Expectation foils perception."   -- Pamela C. Dean

@_date: 1993-05-23 22:58:48
@_author: Eric Watt Forste 
@_subject: Re: cypto + compression 
I don't know if there will be any new redundancies or not, but PGP
   compresses it's output so you would naturally get no further
   compression.
Dhoh! I should have specified that PGP's built-in compression be
turned off. Even without precompressing, encryption destroys almost
all the redundancy that compression can take advantage of.
Eric Watt Forste                             arkuat
1800 Market St                           San Francisco CA 94102
      "Expectation foils perception."   -- Pamela C. Dean

@_date: 1993-05-25 11:57:41
@_author: Eric Watt Forste 
@_subject: Re: privacy graphics archive 
>I can keep or mirror the electronic archive on soda.
Thanks very much for your offer. It would be great if you could keep
the electronic part at soda, since we only have five megabytes on
Netcom, and Joe's Garage is no the most reliable system in the world.
When Sunah and I start getting stuff, I'll send mail.

@_date: 1993-05-28 21:36:55
@_author: Eric Watt Forste 
@_subject: crypto product list 
I'd like to put together a list of all commercially available encryption
products, both the good and the bad, both the standalone and the
built-in (to nonencryption products), with information about what
algorithms are used in encrypting. I'm particularly interested in
*commercially-available* (or free) products for telephonic security
(cellular, standard, and fax), device-driver-level computer security
products that use encryption, any mail software that uses builtin
encryption (calls to RIPEM, PGP, whatever), products that license and
incorporate RSA (nonproducts that will do this when they are products
include Apple's OCE... is the RSA-compliant version of Lotus Notes out
yet?), etc. etc.
If you can mail information about such products to
arkuat or to slippery particularly the
addresses of marketing departments that I can write to to get more
information, I will compile a text file of this data and, with Eric
Hughes permission, put it up in the cypherpunks directory of
Please send information about products that are commercially available
or freely accessible right now. If you have information about products
that you are fairly certain will be on the market within the next six
months (before the end of 1993), please send the information but clearly
indicate that the product in question is not yet available and clearly
indicate a *conservative* estimate of the date the product will be
available. Let me emphasize that my use of the word "product" is fully
intended to include free software, not just monopolized intellectual
If you know what encryption algorithm(s) is/are used by the product,
such as DES (ECB, CBC, CFB), IDEA, RSA, Vigenere, please indicate that.
If the manufacturers of the product have not disclosed the encryption
algorithm, then please say so.
What I myself know least about are the products for secure telephony, so
I'd appreciate information on these the most. But I'm sure I have lots
of gaps in my knowledge of hard-disk and e-mail security stuff also. I
hope to have a preliminary file ready for soda (if soda wants it) before
June 10th. If it's still short, I may post it here so y'all can more
easily fill in the gaps.
Eric Watt Forste                             arkuat
1800 Market St                           San Francisco CA 94102
      "Expectation foils perception."   -- Pamela C. Dean
