
@_date: 1994-11-28 09:58:23
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Need program pointers 
A simple easy-to-get file over-writer (around 5 times if I
remember correctly) for DOS is tbdel.com, part of the TBAV
(ThunderByte Anti Virus) SW package.

@_date: 1994-12-05 06:32:01
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Oceania? 
Charging $250 for an Oceania passport supports the scam theory.

@_date: 1994-12-11 13:32:38
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Four Horsemen 
From the recent essay "Anarchy" by T.C. May:
    The use of encryption by "evil" groups, such as     child pornographers, terrorists, abortionists, abor-
    tion protestors, etc., is cited by those who wish to     limit civilian access to crypto tools. We call these the     "Four Horsemen of the Infocalypse", as they are so     often cited as the reason why ordinary citizen-units     of the nation-state are not to have access to crypto.
A problem with the Four Horsemen is the various definitions
currently in use on the Net. Two of them are generally agreed upon: Drug Dealer and Terrorist. Usually either Pedophile or Pornographer is the third. The fourth varies the most: Tax
Evader, Spy etc. Abortionist and Abortionist-Killer are new
Who were the Original Four? (No, I'm not asking about White,
Red, Black and Pale.)

@_date: 1994-12-17 11:53:43
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: RE: Tim May the Luddite--His Last Message for A While 
Without T.C. May, I'm not so sure either, unless somebody else could take
up his role as inofficial moderator. In the past, whenever the list has
gone astray, T.C.'s analytical posts have set things straight, calmed
down flamers and defined the relevance of various topics (to the cp
agenda). This kind of moderation, mostly set by example without annoying
hardly anyone, is not so easy to do. Completely unmoderated (in this
sense), the cp-list might become just another sci.crypt, talk.politics.
crypto or alt.security.pgp.
And without the visionary posts by T.C. May, the cp-list would be a lot
poorer. Certainly, there are other frequent posters with visions, but
T.C. May's long and deep penetration into the consequences of true
anonymity or pseudonymity has yet to be equalled on the list. (Other
verbal and experienced cp's, like Eric H., Perry M. and Hal F., among
others, of course have their own sectors of expertize, no less vital
or important.)
The recent boom in signed posts to the cp-list is uninteresting to
me. If an argument is good I don't care if the pseudonymous identity
(or true, in the sense of a physical identity matching the name in
a fingerprint file or whatever) is forged. I would care if an impostor
tried to give out disinformation in the name of, for example, Eric H.
But I'm sure I would notice the difference.
Amamda W.'s latest example of what MIME could be used for was
interesting. The only thing that came through to me (Pine 3.91
on a Unix shell account over Ethernet to a Reflection for Windows
client) was an underscored 'on' in red pixels. What a wonderful
instrument for SHOUTING.

@_date: 1995-01-03 11:05:37
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Press attack on anonymity. 
Expected and hardly anything to go into public dispute about.
Cypherpunks are here to circumvent the measures of various
governments by technical means. Since Joe User doesn't really
care if he can connect anonymously or not, at least not yet,
they might very well succeed in making some aspects of anonymity
'illegal'. But who cares, if anonymous agents can't be traced?
Mats

@_date: 1995-01-09 03:07:59
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Data Haven problems 
Hardly. (*.gi0 and *.jp0 for a start?)
But what are data havens for, if not for controversial data?
One of the greatest needs, if not _the_ greatest, in our times
for a data haven is probably for storing porno. There is a
tremendous, world-wide demand for porno. Yet, there are numerous
countries where sex.gif's found on your disk (encrypted or not,
they can use thumb-screws to force the key out of your hands)
will put you in a very difficult situation (loss of social
status, jail, decapitation). It might be much more convenient
for, let's say, a Saudi teenager to store his encrypted private
gif's in a data haven in Sweden, download them when he feels
the urge and purge the copies after every use.

@_date: 1995-01-11 04:46:29
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: TCM on BBC 
Please announce the date and time of the broadcast
(if they tell you).

@_date: 1995-01-13 07:36:05
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Cellular and Crime 
There is this criminal trial going on in Stockholm concerning
a group of suspects that entered a bank vault through the roof
over a weekend in 1992. They have been prime suspects for a
long time but evidently it has taken a lot of time to build up
a case against them. Traffic analysis (but not tapping of the
actual conversations, GSM? - no mention of the system in the
news stories) plays a substantial role in the prosecution.
'A and B were at X at the same time','B and C were in the
vicinity of the Bank at this time' etc. The suspects have not
tried to argue that their cellulars were on loan to some stray
We all know that a booted cellular is a wonderful Area Locator.
(I wonder if the suspects new?) But I have (naively) been
thinking that the authorities needed prior suspicion using
this feature in 'real time'. Judging from what has been written
about this trial the police must have requested, and received,
logged traffic data quite some time afterwards.
Perhaps they log it for ever?
Mats

@_date: 1995-01-15 12:47:17
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
What's wrong with young, curious eLiTiStS running storing sites for
mutual benefits ('warez')? Some say copyright is dead. Others have
taken this to their hearts, especially for private use, and I don't
blame them. Copyrighted data on a server in a jurisdiction that
doesn't acknowledege the copyrights - a prime use for Data Havens
when they come of age.

@_date: 1995-01-17 02:06:23
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
This thread illustrates (at least if setup's like this are
worthy of a place in Raph's list) that penet.fi is the safest
way to go for the moment. I would just hate it to have my
head on the plate of a remailer operator who takes an interest
in subtile ethical discussion of whether to sell me out or not.

@_date: 1995-01-17 11:13:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
The fundamental principle here is that an e-mail message is just so
many bits of 1's and 0's. It can never, in it's own capacity, steal,
molest or kill. It is therefore not unethical to run a no-log 'fortress
remailer' and auto-delete ALL complaints, without exception. It might
not be feasible to do so if one wants to stay out of jail, but hope-
fully this will change with the rapid increase in country domains
and the soon-to-come digicash market. Discussions of programming to
make fortress remailers work and to make them easily exportable to
African Linux-boxes are interesting. So are discussions of expected
repercussions on society. Ethical discussions of what is abuse or not
are better left to the clergy.

@_date: 1995-01-17 11:50:55
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: remailer security 
I am familiar with this argument and agree. In the discussed case
the alleged abuser had only used one remailer (on a site that keeps
logs world readable at that!). Laziness, I guess. There are ways of
multiple chaining for the lazy, though: C2 lets you pick the chained
sites by clicking on a web-page (but does it encrypt??).
Mats

@_date: 1995-01-18 17:45:03
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: copyright and data havens 
In the foreseeable future (10 years?) there will exist jurisdictions that,
even after signing this or that convention, will be more or less lax
about pursuing violators. Thus I still believe, despite China's awaited
submission, that the Internet and 28.8 modems (and abundance of disk space)
are real threats to holders of copyright who want to protect every penny.
Encryption (by the way, how long might it take to IDEA-encrypt a 2 MB
.zip file? I never tried) will make it practically impossible to find
and prosecute at least private copyright abuse. They won't use thumb-
screws to obtain the key to your SecureDrive just on suspicion of
infringement (except possibly in Singapore). The present situation,
as we all know, is that few people are willing to pay for such software
as games if they can get a (cracked) version for free. I think this
attitude will expand to most software. The real war will be faught
between protectors and crackers (since it is usually not convenient
to export an opened, installed version to another system - and more
so the bigger and directory-spreading the program is). Actually, a
sort of data haven for cracks already exists. If you live in a
jurisdiction where cracks are illegal to advertize (let alone use)
they can be hard to find on your local BBS, but with an Internet feed
(or long distance modem calls) it's no problem at all. (For those
who don't believe in the shareware concept I recommend the Norwegian
nag-eliminator 'Buster' - although you need the registered version
for the latest versions :-)
Mr La Macchia got caught. How many didn't? Look at the IRC Undernet:
wArEz-bots all over the place - and I bet the net.cops are lagging
in bot comprehension (unfortunately, so am I...). And there is talk
about this Secure-IRC.

@_date: 1995-02-07 11:14:35
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Is the remailer crisis over? 
And the other kind of remailer - Julf style - might possibly be
in a crisis too. One of the Horsemen (Pedo) hit Sweden in a
heavier way than ever before, yesterday. Top front page article
in a leding newspaper followed up in the evening news on a main
national TV channel. Another newspaper article today but still
beginning on the front page ('Intermediary admits to computer porno'). Guess who is the intermediary. Both newspaper (with big picture)
and TV interviews with Johan Helsingius (Julf), who belongs to the
minority in Finland having Swedish as their mother's tounge.
The story starts with some joker at Stockholm University, dep of
Computer Science, who has made a study of alt.binary.pictures.erotica
and have found that one percent of the material is 'nude pictures of
girls and boys 8-10 years of age' and that 'most of the child-pictures
have bounced through Johan Helsingius' computer in Helsingfors'. Mr Helsingius says that he is very concerned and (picture subtitle:) 'lies awake at night'. The big fat hedline on top of his picture says: 'This is where the kiddie porn is spreading from'. I guess
this is big "news" in Finland also, there are close media connections
between our countries. 'I don't want to reveal their addresses, only
that it concerns people in Germany and a multi-national organization
in the US' says Mr Helsingius about who are responsible for the kiddie
porn. But then he also gets a chance to talk about the benefits (abused,
political dissidents - the usual). Todays article also mention cypherpunks
remailers (although not by name).
I don't know - this just might be yesterdays news tomorrow. Kiddie porn
per se whistle-blowing is slowly getting out of fashion here, it's only
the net connection that makes it headline news. But there is a chance
some politician will try to score on this story and, as mentioned above,
the ties on that level between Helsingfors and Stockholm are strong.
We have to wait and see.
I'm getting to think that SAFE anonymous posting will need IP spoofing,
or worse (things that I know nothing about, please correct me if I'm
totally out in the blue here).

@_date: 1995-07-17 15:46:08
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Safford's Nemesis 
Kahn (1962) doesn't really explain why vital Magic intercepts and
the 'winds' execute did not prevent the Pearl Harbour disaster. I just read 'Infamy' by John Toland (1982), containing 'proof'
- very convincing, in my opinion - of the Pearl Harbour cover-up.
The US president, selected members of his cabinette and a
few admirals and generals knew - from Magic and the 'winds'
execute, radio traffic analysis, diplomatic sources, double
agents - exactly when and where the Japaneese were going to
attack, but didn't warn Hawaii, fearing that too efficient
counter-measures by the Oahu military might make the attack
abort and so not convince the isolationists. The unexpected tactical capabilities of the Japaneese armada then made a
cover-up all the more important.
What has been revealed since? Are the views in Toland's book
now 'official', established history, or what?

@_date: 1995-08-11 03:56:17
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Australia, EU crypto ill news, crypto wars 
The "masses" are not that clueless (remember the 80% against Clipper
in a US poll a year ago). The problem 'here' in the EU is the smartly
construed distance between commons and rulers. We vote for members
of a debate club (who are very generously paid out of tax money)
lacking any power whatsoever. The EU decision on crypto-policy will
emerge from closed chambers of the Commission, and in every member
country the local politicians will announce that 'it has been decided
by EU and there is nothing we can do about it, even if we would like
to'. But this doesn't mean that national freedom-of-(crypto)speech
campaigns will be useless. Civil disobedience, still very common
amongst European citizens faced with ridiculous EU regulations, will
be more likely to thrive if the legitimacy of crypto regulations is
publically questioned in a continuous mode.
A significant difference between (for example) Sweden and USA
is the punishment scales. Suppose Sweden had an ITAR (which
it hasn't). Almost everyone would laughingly export PGP and Wei's
library anyway, because the remote possibility of prosecution (assuming
similarities with the current situation in the US) would hardly
feel like a threat. A conviction would result in a few 100$ fine,
maximum. In the US, where the even so remote possibility of conviction
just possibly might bring about 5 years as Buba's girlfriend, well,
that's a very different story.
An *enforced* ban on crypto in Scandinavia is remote enough that
I'm confident 'SuperStego for Windows' will be out in ver 7.3b by then.
Gynecologist & Crypto-Groupie

@_date: 1995-08-15 07:30:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: You are being monitored 
Then, effectively, Quasar is a new(?) kind of remailer.
There was no got.net in the headers I could see. The
next question is how they log incoming agents.

@_date: 1995-08-23 01:25:42
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: The sorry state of non-US crypto 
Hmm... I started from 'scratch' (Yahoo, a popular take-off site) and
within 10 min found 'everything' on:

@_date: 1995-09-01 07:29:05
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: FUHRMAN key escrow 
The issue is apparently also teaching the US public to use CODE:
'I don't give a f-wording s-word how many times this c-word-sucker
 said the n-word as long as the DNA-tests say that the other
 son-of-a-b-word did it.'

@_date: 1995-09-05 09:33:35
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Forgery, bills, and the Four Horsemen (Articles and Comment) 
Black Unicorn posted a very interesting info summary on the
   subject of foreign state US$$ forgery.
This is a story I heard, long ago, from a Brit, Mr Waterlow,
about something that happened to his grandfather, chairman
of the Waterlow bank:
Early in this century Portugal didn't print it's own money but
contracted this job to the Waterlow Bank in England. Some
skilled conmen succeeded in making the bank beleive they were
representatives of the Portugeese National Bank. Then they
ordered a huge amount of new bills and got away (at least
for some time) with it.
Now, the point is that this was acually GOOD for the Portugeese
ecomomy, the real National Bankers having underestimated the
optimal size of their cash stock.
So, I wonder, perhaps the world economy might benefit from
some Iranian addings to the number of $$ araound?
A Keynesian boost?
Just drifting (I know very little about economy...).

@_date: 1995-09-08 03:43:12
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re:(changed) Criminals and Crypto 
Exactly. As someone recently pointed out, the practical result
would only be to define a new class of single-crime criminals
In my .se perspective this is emphasized by our penalty system.
In the foreseeable future (10 years?) they would never get away
with a harsher penalty for using un-GAKed crypto than a moderate
fine. To 'real' criminals, who usually don't have open assets to
forfeit (and the current praxis is then to forget about it after
a few years) and no reputation as law-abiders to defend, it would
be a joke, of course.
Mats

@_date: 1995-09-27 07:45:58
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: NO weak links in DigiCash system!!! 
Libel lawsuits for misunderstandings? Ridiculous. Libel threats are very rare on the CP list,
it's one of the list's features. (I can't recollect any such
threat since a well-known Nym was intimidated by LD, more
than a year ago - and that Nym eventually saw the light.)
Go sue yourself.
Mats

@_date: 1995-09-28 13:17:48
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: RE: "Notes" to be Eclipsed by "Netscape" 
In an interview today in a Stockholm paper with a technical spokes-
person for Hewlett-Packard (about the HP internal net with 19
worldwide connections to the Internet - by the way, allegedly
no one has ever succeeded in breaking their firewalls) it was
stated that Netscape was heavily used for HP internal business.
Apparantly there was a choice between Notes and the internal
Web, the Web being favoured 470:1.

@_date: 1995-10-28 01:26:09
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: FTP export walls 
Last July *hobbit* (hobbit presented to this list a
description of "The FTP Bounce Attack" and stated that it's trivial to
hack past a defense like this (well, it didn't seem trivial to me, but
I'm not a unix wizard). Obviously, there is no real need for such attacks
with PGP and 'everything' else available at non-US sites, and I guess it
would leave traces? But it would be interesting to know if anybody have
successfully tried it at MIT or some other export-restricted FTP site.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:51:13
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Europe 
Europe, in this regard, is still mostly every country on it's own.
Lobbying in Brussels is not for mortals, and decisions are in
closed chambers anyway (the Commission; inter-governmental level).
Sweden: The authorities have not yet said anything at all about
where they stand in the GAK controversy. Probably very few have
heard about it. A national IT-Commission was formed by the former
government a year and a half ago, then they lost the elections
a year ago and the new IT-Commission (yes, very partisan) has
just settled down. The only thing that has come up on a public
(television) level is demands from the police of access to
decoded GSM traffic, which I believe is under implementation
now (the obstacle has mainly been who is going to pay for the
software updates of the GSM nodes). Sweden has rather strict
rules for wiretapping (at least officially) and their is no
public pressure for any change in this. On the local networks
(the swnet.* newsgroups and Fidonet meetings) there is some
discussion of crypto vs computer networking but only in
obscure niches. If/when GAK will be proposed this might hopefylly
I think the basic difference USA vs Sweden in this regard is a
time delay of some years. We have lots of Internet nodes per
capita (more than in the US, they say) but the net is still
largly run by engineers (if only that could last!) and net
awareness is rare above the age of 30 (i.e. among those who
have a say).
The European Council document (posted here in full by Dave
Banisar) is certainly worrying. Of course, I've tried to
spread it on the Swedish speaking networks For information on Swedish net cencorship there is a 'mini-CAF' at:
Perry, what was your impression of the Swedes you met at the
IETF meeting in Stockholm last July? I guess they were so
happy about the new 34 Mbit/s connection to the New World
that they forgot about the rest?
For a searchable list of products in the Swedish national
monopoly liquor-shops, see:

@_date: 1995-10-10 17:53:10
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
*This Key was signed by AidsFree Inc., a THL (Trusted HIV Laboratory)*
 The Time-Stamped Public Key of AidsFree Inc. can be found at:
 s
 Date: 20/12/99
 Aidsfree Inc. certifies that a person (*Alice*) in proven  posession of This Key was tested HIV negative at this date.
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _

@_date: 1995-10-18 02:42:06
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: The Anonymous Bounty Claim 
I am not technically competent to judge if his/her claim is worth
reposting, but here it is, clipped from the very long Friday 13
rant, as found at Raph's index site (Subject: Bugs Bounty??...shhh...
I'm huntin wa'bits... From:anonymous-remailer
And this is where we introduce a little old document called pushpull.html.
from Netscape's Web site. It's titled: An Exploration of Dynamic
Documents. And I can think of many people who would _also_ like to push down data
to a browser. But, that's not a great idea. Guess what?? It's not even a good idea. It might even be a bad idea.
Yes, the client "processes data" and then possibly displays it, while in
Hmm. Netscape's clients blindly trust and follows server's instructions
and does what it is told to do. If it's told to load a particular
document in five seconds. It does that. It dances to the server's
instructions. Something which should cause any Security Administrator's
hair to stand on end, as the server takes control of the client's machine and "manipulates it".
And this is the problem. We have a pipe. And we have a server making a
decision when it will send the next data block. I guess the server could
also decide dynamically what that data block is going to be once it has
opened it's pipe to the client. That is way too much trust for a client to place in a server that it doesn't know if it can trust.
Yep, the appropriate window just "updates" itself at the command of the server. A good faith update ... or let's call it a good faith process. Let's emphasize that what we have is a slave client at one end of a pipe
accepting an object-specific content-type from any server. This is not within the tradition of multipart/mixed. And this is a problem.
Now let's play with the prior example. Let's say that we utilized
different types of objects. I'll use multipart/parallel and
application/postscript. I think that the foregoing explains itself without me having to draw any
more maps, than is absolutely necessary. The first data object sent is
application/postscript. The second object is multipart/parallel. And it's where we conflict with federal requirements:
And I think that this is applicable across the entire product line.
I wonder if this makes me eligible for a bounty for each product where there is this Security Bug?? That would be very chivalrous of Netscape
to offer me that. Then maybe I could get a real computer rather than this crufty old Mac Plus (a yellow one) and my 2400 baud modem... and then, I might just be able to do some virtually real hunting.
Alice de 'nonymous ... (doing a bad impression of Elmer Fudd with thoughts of Bugs Bounty in his lil mind.)
...just another one of those...
P.S. And yes I brought this whole issue (tangentially) to the attention of netscape.com yesterday afternoon. I think I asked whether they were going to have a formal specification and register
their x-mixed-replace with IANA. They haven't gotten to my email
yet, (I think). Or maybe, I'm in the Bulk response group. P.P.S. I give permission to have this propogate freely through the cyber-aethyr. All other rights are of course reserved.
C. S. U. M. O. C. L. U. N. E.
end quote

@_date: 1995-10-18 03:05:38
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Netscape whining virus 
You don't seem to understand the issue here. Netscape with JAVA is
supposed to become more or less the 'only' program you will run,
a kind of superimposed operative system, or your main shell for
running 'everything' from. Much of 'everything' will be downloaded
at the time of execution. (Microsoft is supposed to be reduced to
one of several 'kernel-suppliers' only.) And 'infected PCs' really
*are* a very big deal in corporate and institutional surroundings.
Mats

@_date: 1995-10-19 12:55:47
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: crypto export from the UK 
According to the well researched list of various countries' crypto-laws
that Bert-Jaap Koops published on this list last July, the UK does not
have any laws against export of crypto. Here are some excerpts.
CRYPTO LAW SURVEY
Version July 1995
Bert-Jaap Koops (koops
Please credit if quoting.
.................................   1. COCOM (Coordinating Committee for Multilateral Export Controls)
is an international organization (Japan, Australia, and all NATO
members, Ireland excluded) for the mutual control (and restriction) of
strategic arms export. It maintains, among others, the International
Industrial List and the International Munitions List. In 1991, COCOM
has decided to allow export of mass-market cryptographic software
(including public domain software). Some member countries of COCOM
follow its regulations, but others, such as Germany and the
United States, maintain separate regulations.
.............................   _United Kingdom_
1. COCOM regulations.
2.  no
3.  In its policy on the information superhighway, Labour states it does
not approve of escrowed encryption, but it wishes authorities to have the
power to demand decryption under judicial warrant.  It seems, then, that
Labour intends to penalize a refusal to comply with a demand to decrypt
under judicial warrant.

@_date: 1995-11-02 02:22:38
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: New release of CFS... 
Try ftp://utopia.hacktic.nl/pub/replay/crypto/CRYPTOapps/cfs.1.3.tar.gz

@_date: 1995-11-05 12:43:55
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Credentials Without Identity 
Ah, the Swedish way is so much more convenient. Directly after birth you
get a tag around your arm, with a number that is later changed to an
entry into several databases, including 'Birth Registry' and you get
your Person Number for life, in the format YYMMDD-abcd, which is
unique (at least in Sweden). All forthcoming database entries are based
on this number, usually as a first key field. Surprise immigrants get a
preliminary number at the border (other format) and a genuine one if
later accepted. Without a Person Number you would be practically
helpless: no schooling, no drivers licence, no 'social benefits',
no bank account, no job (if your employer intends to do it legally
and cut off taxes). The only marginally possible way to get around
this is to use the Person Number of another person (forging a Swedish
Approved ID is quite a task, though, and it's not very kind to that
other person). Most Government databases are open to the public, so
the credit tracking agencies don't have to work very hard regarding
persons (sometimes a bit more with corporate entities; those can be
registered to fall guys - not hard to find in a jurisdiction with
nice jails and short sentences). Now, there are laws against cross-referencing various databases
without the approval of the Data Inspection, which often says no.
But if you do it illegaly, there is very little risk of detection.
It looks like the Approved ID will be a smart-card with a signing
mechanism (probably escrowed), naturally linked to the Person Number,
real soon now, at least before the mythical y.2000 . Links to physical
characteristics (retina?) are not (openly) discussed yet but may
eventually come into play.
I think there's not much to win (and a lot of conveniency to loose)
in trying to hide from this System. A friend of mine, and his wife,
had their baby born at home and hid it from the System for several
years (loosing good money from the Social Security system in that
process - in Sweden all people get many 'benefits'= transferred tax
money, regardless of income) but eventually they registered the child,
of course. It was a mere gesture.
1) Don't fight the inevitable, like Don Quixote (sp?) did. The
   trick is to keep one's database entries as unsuspicious as
   possible. Pay politically correct items and services with
   a credit card, but use cash in transfers that the current
   (and possibly a coming, more Orwellian) regime might consider
   to be disloyal. Don't refuse to fill in forms or answer
   questions which are more or less obligatory or that might give
   you some benefits - just lie if necessary to create a normal,
   inconspicuous profile.
2) Prepare for Crypto Anarchy. Create untrackable net aliases for
   future use. Keep informed of all the tricks to bypass coming
   futile attempts to link net pseudonyms to Person Numbers (or
   physical characteristics). Enjoy (and help create and protect)
   the virtual sanctuary with digital mixes and anonymous http
   proxies (and DC-nets or something better eventually).

@_date: 1995-11-05 20:47:28
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Credentials Without Identity 
(PRIVATE mail, taken from the cp-list)
I choose to make these 'off-topic' comments off the record:
(By the way, please keep on 'crypto-moderating' the list
 your way; it makes much more sense - and is much more
 effective! - than Perry's.)
Well, also in Sweden, but this is merely against tax money transfered to
the 'less fortunate' (or 'lazy', as you sometimes call them) and is very
little, if at all, connected to anti-surveillance. Cross-referencing
various databases would actually be good for catching those who receive,
for example, unemploment money while actually working full time (especially
common amongst Mediterranian and Middle East 'political' refugees - many
of whom like to come here and work for a handful of years, sometimes adding
a decade to their actual age so they can go home to a warm climate at 55
to live as kings on their Swedish pensions). Isn't this a dilemma, also at
your home turf? FINCEN efficiency might save some of your tax dollars.
I completely agree with you - actually, I think I took over some arguments
from you on this subject long ago - that these laws are bullshit.
This applies very much so in Sweden too. It *is* illegal to maintain any
database with 'information on persons' (like their email addresses) without
approval from the Data Inspection. But it's an open secret that this law
is broken on a massive front and no bureaucrat is really trying to uphold it.
Yes, we live in interesting times.

@_date: 1995-11-07 23:30:52
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting 
Well, also (?) the Exxon bill tries to do just that.
If you put up 'indecent' material at your .de site that persons in the
US can ftp or browse or whatever, and the Exxon bill passes, you can
be sentenced to (at least) 2 years jail in the US. Presumably, since
they don't think you are as important as the infamous ex Panama
president, they won't come and get you, but might meet you at the
airport if you ever plan to visit the US. (They will not try to
get you sentenced in a German court since you haven't committed any
crime in Germany, and the German Government will probably not
extradite you - I'm not familiar with German extradition laws, though.)
With only one military superpower left we can expect it's jurisdiction
to expand as it seems fit.

@_date: 1995-11-17 12:00:45
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: COE Recommendation No. R (95) 13 
How about this:
9. Subject to legal privileges or protection, most legal systems permit
investigating authorities to order persons to hand over objects under
their control that are required to serve as evidence. In a parallel
fashion, provisions should be made for the power to order persons to
submit any specified data under their control in a computer system in the
form required by the investigating authority.
Is this 'what we would want'? It clearly means that one can be ordered
to reveal the password to encrypted data and punished by law if one
refuses. Suppose they suspect you of being a child pornographer and
get a court order to search your encrypted system. You know you are
innocent. Is it acceptable to put you in jail for not giving them access
to your encrypted, very personal diary (in which you describe in detail
your sexual encounters with the wife of the Chief of Police)?
And how about this: 14. Measures should be considered to minimise the negative effects of the
use of cryptography on the investigation of criminal offenses, without
affecting its legitimate use more than is strictly necessary.
Is this really just a toothless statement to give to the French?
Couldn't it as easily be interpreted as not wanting to go into
details yet (since no real system is available) but stating that
some form of GAK is on the agenda? Surely, law enforcement
bureaucrats would not consider GAK to affect the 'legitimate
use' of cryptography 'more than is strictly necessary'.

@_date: 1995-11-24 11:16:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: The Mesh and the Net 
A very interesting read! The speculations about the future of the
(civilian) Net are amazing, even more so coming from an official
sub-division of the US DoD (?). An excerpt (that could have been
written by a cypherpunk crypto-anarchist philosopher just as well):
   'The information revolution, acting through
 multinational corporations and transnational
 communities, may weaken many powers of the state
 anyway.  Would it be much of an exaggeration to posit
 a nation's expression, not through government, but as
 a local ganglion of the world Net.  That being the
 case, might not the decline of the state coincide with
 the rise of the Net, the newest venue for crime,
 conflict, and chaos?'

@_date: 1995-11-24 11:30:11
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: GOST for sale 
According to a short article in a Swedish newspaper (DN)
with the title 'Spy Code of KGB can make computers safe', JETICO INC., located in Finland (Tammerfors), introduced
a new crypto system on the world market last week. It's based on GOST, the Russian federal standard algorithm.
This product, called BestCrypt, is implemented at least
partly in hardware. Alledgedly it uses 'GOST 28147-89',
whatever that stands for.
GOST is probably very secure - a huge keyspace (256 bits) and
KGB would not have left a trapdoor for NSA to take advantage
of, would they?
The newspaper article ends:
'The Finnish entrepreneurs asseverate that their
Russian colleagues have never had anything to do
with the KGB.'

@_date: 1995-12-14 06:33:35
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: PGP status in russia 
Probably forbidden without a government license.
See:

@_date: 1995-12-03 15:55:48
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: RE: Do the Right Thing 
Thanks for the concern you are showing for the rest of the world.
What if the $50 outside the US will buy us a GAK'd client? We would
be much safer with 40 bits un-GAK'd than 64 bits GAK'd.

@_date: 1995-12-07 05:08:10
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: 1)Age etc CA 2)Swedish Digicash 
Isn't it in the coming that a federal agency, such as the Post Office,
will become the primary issuer of age-including 'physical identity'
certificates, based on such notarized copies? And store signed public
keys for everybody? It certainly is here, and the Swedish Post Office
(=Posten, with PostNet) wants to do it all. Perhaps this is tolerable,
with the condition that only the 'identity' has access to the private
key. Posten has yet not come out in public with any details of their
proposed system, such as key-pair generation.
Also, I can read in today's paper (in an article flanked by a picture
of David Chaum, and mentioning Mark Twain - not by name but as
'an American bank') that EU has given one of three 'IT prizes'
to Digicash and that Posten has licensed Digicash and plans to
open a mint/bank (Posten already is closely connected to a bank)
dealing in Swedish crowns. (This is not news but things seem to
be moving right now.) Some (but slight) mention of laundering,
of course. It's supposed to come about in 'the beginning of next
year'. I wonder how exchanges crowns/dollars will be managed.
Perhaps one will have to do it oneself for some time. If Posten
doesn't want to deal with it - at least for a start - I'm sure
Mark Twain will echange crowns to dollars for a fee, if only
Posten's system will be compatible. Lots of questions still
in limbo, though.

@_date: 1995-12-07 14:11:14
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: 1)Age etc CA 2)Swedish Digicash 
Yes, Nordbanken. It started as a government owned Post Office bank but
was privatized years ago. It still is closely connected to Posten. I'm
sure a foreigner can open an account - the Swedish banking system is
very deregulated nowadays, and Sweden is (unfortunately) an EU member.

@_date: 1995-12-07 14:20:19
@_author: Mats Bergstrom 
@_subject: Re: 1)Age etc CA 2)Swedish Digicash 
The Swedish crown had a bad reputation after repeated devalvations
in the 70-80's. This trend has stopped, it seems, and trust has been
built up in the last year (1 US$ has dropped from 9 to 6.50).

@_date: 1996-01-11 00:01:14
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Scenario: Digital Telephony Leads to GAK 
But the latest developments, like the December meeting in Paris
and another international meeting advertized for March -96, seem
to take place on a Worl Government basis (OECD). Obviously various
national governments understand that they can't really act on their
own. I don't think the EC will propose any actual laws on their
own but together with the US, Canada, Australia and possibly Japan.
(formerly writing under the pseudonym 'Mats' to confuse Alta Vista
 but I don't care any more...)

@_date: 1996-01-27 01:34:05
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Alan Horowitz added:
And this is from a post I sent to the list last summer:
I just read 'Infamy' by John Toland (1982), containing 'proof'
- very convincing, in my opinion - of the Pearl Harbour cover-up.
The US president, selected members of his cabinette and a
few admirals and generals knew - from Magic and the 'winds'
execute, radio traffic analysis, diplomatic sources, double
agents - exactly when and where the Japaneese were going to
attack, but didn't warn Hawaii, fearing that too efficient
counter-measures by the Oahu military might make the attack
abort and so not convince the isolationists. The unexpected tactical capabilities of the Japaneese armada then made a
cover-up all the more important.
The unfortunate cipher expert Captain Safford spent most of
his post-war life trying to uphold the honour of his fellow
cryptanalysts, putting the blame on generals and politicians,
but in vain.
'Infamy' is an interesting book.

@_date: 1996-01-29 20:35:33
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: TollRoad (CA 91) and anonymity (fwd) 
This seems to be a new-speak definition of cash: that they send
you a bill instead of making an automatic withdrawal?
Great. I wonder how many of their customers take advantage of this
option, and how it works. The emitting chip is stated not to contain
any information other than 'ID so-and-so passes point X now'. Does one
have to keep track of one's credit status and go to an office and pay
with paper bills in advance? Not very convenient.
Ah, the records are GAKed. For convenience, the PD could as well
tap into the system in real-time. They have always thousands of
stolen vehicles to watch out for. What would be the reason for this? When a customer has paid his
bill, the detailed records have no consequences for their profit.
For long-term highway traffic analysis they could as well create
deidentified entries.
Stockholm is to get the first toll system ever in Sweden, in
a few years (for crossing into the inner city). From what has
come out so far, they are contemplating the use of Chaum's
anonymous toll system (alledgedly in place in Dutch cities).
How does this system work, cryptographically? (I haven't
found anything on Digicash's web site.)

@_date: 1996-02-18 14:28:14
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: CDA outside US (Including Indian Reservations) 
The problem with the CDA in this regard is that it doesn't seem to
respect other jurisdictions. It's very irritating for us in other
countries to know that if we put 'indecent' material on our world
readable sites, then we commit a crime in the US punishable with
2 years detention, even if chances of prosecution, extradition or
Noriega-style international arrest are minimal - so far; we all
know that there is now only one de-facto superpower, and that power
could do anything it really wishes to do. But USA still wants to
look good and possibly law-abiding on the global market of morality,
so I think the international legal system ought to be investigated,
by lawyers knowledgeable in the field, for possible processing of
the CDA in the International Court in the Hague (by a non-US person
or organization).

@_date: 1996-03-02 21:30:43
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: PARTY PICTURES! 
OK, nice pictures of some interesting-looking people.
But the only globally known participant featured is
Eric Hughes; he is also the only one presented with
a second name. For the others, it would be nice if
you wrote clarifying texts, including crypto-anarchic
relevance, in the way of:
'N.N., well known Java-programmer who wrote the Foo
 firewall-cracker.
 N.N., fanatical anarcho-capitalist with $2M in
 Cayman bank accounts.
 N.N., wife of N.N., cute and proficient at Word
 and Pagemaker, voted for Clinton.
 N.N., hardware salesman, boring but paid for the booze.
 N.N., as always out to get laid but didn't make it
 this time either.'
This would make the masquerade site so much more
interesting to us outsiders.

@_date: 1996-03-16 01:37:21
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Fencing (location-signalling computers) 
Really? In Sweden, if you buy stolen property from a thief or fence
'in good faith', not knowing that it was stolen (usally arguable in
court only if the price was substantially below market value) you
can keep it. The original owner, or his insurance company, can buy
it back only if you let them. It's up to the others to prove that
you didn't act 'in good faith' - if it can be proved that you did
not, you are likely to be prosecuted for fencing, of course (if
the state doesn't drop the case for lack of manpower, which often
occurs with 'minor' crimes).
I can think of another application for computers (or modems)
signalling their presence with regular intervals. Manufacturers
can keep track of their use, life-length etc. Using some kind
of Chaumian blind signatures (like those implemented in
anonymous toll systems) this could be done without revealing
the geographical location of a specific computer, I guess - the
manufacturers presumably wouln't care if the hardware was stolen
or not.

@_date: 1996-03-16 02:07:25
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: e$: Neal Stephenson's geodesic economy 
No. From this excerpt, I draw two conclusions:
1) The author is keeping up with some well known (at least
   to longtime readers of the cp list) concepts of future
   consequencies of information technology.
2) Around these, he weaves a boring, artless plot.

@_date: 1996-03-16 02:19:47
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Remailer passphrases 
No, they used social engineering: Nice, honest Finnish policemen
were conned by well-dressed lawyers carrying papers written
in impressive legaleese. The policemen regretfully admitted that

@_date: 1996-03-16 15:36:53
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Tim's friend's mildly retarded son 
The reason FDA has not approved this drug is most probably because
it does not make mildly retarded boys less retarded. But of course,
it's not up to the state to protect people from wasting their money
on snake oil. It becomes more difficult to uphold a pure market
philosophy when it comes to poisonous snake oil or, as is often the
case with potent drugs, effective oil but which will kill you from
side effects after a delay. FDA has a very good reputation of not
'recommending' drugs with (delayed) adverse effects outweighing the
beneficial ones. But what the hell, let the pharmaceutical companies
build up their own reputation. And let anyone call himself a medical
doctor (of School Medicine, Naprapathy, Healing, Zone Therapy, Quackery
or whatever). Most diseased persons will then carefully check the
mag strips on the gallipots with their pocket readers for the secret
key signatures of Abbot or Parke-Davis, and PDA-check the signatures of
Stanford or Harvard University on the doctors's digital diplomas (which
will include some physical descriptions) for authenticity. As usual,
lots of coming opportunities for reputation agencies and authentication
Until this happens, trust FDA.

@_date: 1996-03-18 23:10:29
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: RE: Tim's friend's mildly retarded son 
I could write an answer to this (about that I only said to trust FDA
until there exists an alternative web of trust and reputations in the
pharmaceutical business; that truly diseased people are not in the mood
for researching the competence of a 'doctor' or 'healer' but are happy
that entering a clinic guarantees that the guy examining them is a
physician authorized by a non-profit entity of long-standing integrity
and not a comlete quack; that the physicians, who are bombarded with
manipulated information from the multinational drug companies would be
at a great loss without independent trustable second opinions; and
about how it would take quite some time to build up an alternative,
private structure without bureaucratic stodginess - and even about
the hypothesis that basic medical care might be counted together with
justice and national defence as best paid for by involuntary taxes
in the best compromise for total anarcho-capitalism that we might see
in our lifetimes) but I won't :-) because of the off-topicness of the
The substantive 'tral' (with double dots over the a) and even more the verb 'trala' are used in current Swedish. I commend your versatile and
exact use of the American-English language. Your posts are always a
pleasure to read (and learn from, for a reader with another native
For a good (in my opinion) review on nootropics, see:
(courtesy of Alta Vista)
For comparison, Sweden has around 2,000+ prescription drugs. Germany
has 20,000+. This doesn't mean that Germans are healthier.
That's another issue. One problem is that the overall mortality is 100%,
in the end. The long-term side effects of alcohol and tobacco are not that
bad compared to many potent pharmaceuticals that FDA approves of, for
cautious use in diseased persons, after risk/benefit analysis (morphin,
cytostatics, immuno-suppressives).
The political question, if a (healthy) individual has the right to use
(recreational) drugs of his choice, really isn't centered around
safety. Even if there was a completely harmless opioid, central
stimulant or psychedelic drug available, strong forces would act
against legalization out of moral or religious convictions ('God
created man to suffer, so we shall suffer').
These figures would look a bit different if 200,OOO,OOO Americans
regularly used crack or heroin.
I generally agree. But I have a slight problem with the concept of
Death Pills (f ex cyankalium) sold in any store, under various brand
names, for better profits: Instant Nirvana, God's Face, Bye Bye Bella,
Moon's Reincarnation.
In these days of designer drugs, the consumer would have a lot to gain
if FDA (or a private entity with a similar reputation) approved new
recreational drugs before they entered the market, avoiding tragedies
like the Parkinson epidemic (in California, wasn't it?) caused by

@_date: 1996-03-18 18:46:24
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: The all.net controversy continues 
Yes, it's a mystery. Especially since the sysadmin, Dr. F. Cohen,
repeatedly assured this list, half a year ago, that his sites
were the only impenetrable ones in the internet universe, so
he should only have to sit laughing at these attacks.

@_date: 1996-03-28 08:41:47
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD UpDate 
Suppose strong crypto is outlawed in all OECD countries by dec -96.
The known international sites with more or less complete coverage
today amount to a handful. They will be shut down pronto. Of course
lots of private persons have a lot of crypto files hanging around,
but a widely distributed CD-ROM, easily put up as a BBS partition,
wouldn't make the situation worse.

@_date: 1996-03-29 08:00:10
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: <languages> 
I agree that for a native English/American speaker to learn
other languages is mostly a waste of time (if you are not
a spy; or businessman having to deal with constipated French
etc). Only if you permanently move to another country the
situation gradually becomes different. Americans who move
to Sweden (we had a lot of Vietnam war 'deserters' coming
way back) can keep on speaking American for a year or so
without anyone taking notice (actually if the American tries
to speek Swedish the Swedes may deny him to do so, they
love to train themselves in speaking English), but then when
years pass bye and the American still loves the special
attention he receives as an American-speaker and refuses
to learn Swedish, the situation will become awkward.
I studied German, French, Italian and Russian and am still
moderately fluent in German, but I care less and less to
keep these languages up since English is more and more
becoming the World Language.

@_date: 1996-03-28 08:30:14
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: ITAR double standards? 
I believe in this parallel thesis. As was reported from the dec -95
OECD meeting in Paris:

@_date: 1996-03-30 17:43:18
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Blind signatures 
Perry said:
Yeah, how does it really work? Could you explain it in
'kitchen modular arithmetics' to us groupies?
Asgaard

@_date: 1996-04-05 16:44:37
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Navajo code-talkers 
There has been this talk of the Navajos for a couple of weeks.
I know they are an interesting people (oh, how beautiful was Ninibah
Miriam Crawford, the beautiful representative of the Navajo Nation
at the UN Environmental Conference in Stockholm 1972), but what about
the Hopis? At the same conference I met David Monangaye, then the
spiritual leader of the Hopi Nation (now dead), and Thomas Banyacya,
now their spokesperson (and Thomas' daughter Loreena, oh, a true
keeper of the earth).
The Hopi word for Navajo is TASAVUH; literally "He who pounds his
enemy's head with a rock", and for the communal and peace-loving
Hopis the Navajos are an aggressive and ornery people who have
been a headache ever since they invaded Black Mesa, shortly after
the palefaces first appeared on the Hopis' sacred land.
How funny that these head-pounders found a niche in the Pantheon
of American Heroes. But no wonder they are the only Native American
Nation to have more territory now than 100 years ago.

@_date: 1996-04-10 08:19:49
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: They're running scared. 
A big problem with random bombings is that one self can become part
of the random targets.

@_date: 1996-04-29 11:35:34
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Cell Kill 2 
********
                                            *********
Now, more interesting than whom he was talking to (who could
be a completely unknowing party to the events) is the issue
of what kind of phone Dudayev was using. I somehow doubt
that the area he was operating from has a widely spread out
cellular net. And cellular targeting might not be accurate
enough for this application of force. It makes more sense if
he was using a direct (mobile) phone-satellite device, assuming
such devices are emitting a stronger signal that could easily
be targeted by AWAC type technology, or even satellites (that
they are communicating with in the first place).
Coming so soon after it was reported that the US had decided
(still) that the war down there is an internal Russian affair,
all but giving them a go for a total solution, the possibility
of US involvement has to be contemplated. But I guess the
Russians might have enough capabilities by themselves to
orchestrate a stunt like this.
That the involved weaponry was laser guided might be misinformation.
Why not microwave signal guided? (I don't know what I'm talking about
here, of course. Perhaps satellite phones even implement GPS and
just tell where they are??).

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:17:18
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: "Separate but equal" as a racist doctrine 
I agree that separatism smells of true racism.
Perhaps it's no use trying to adhere to the original interpretation
of the term racism, since it has broadened with time to include
everyone who is not a strong supporter of affirmative action and
such. But debatings would gain from a strict definition of racism:
Believing that races are significantly genetically different visavi
intelligence or moral standards. I regard myself as not the slightest
racist (if a Bantu is adopted into Swedish culture as an infant he
becomes a Swede, regardless of skin colour) but a bit of a _culturist_:
Believing that all cultures are _not_ equal in terms of collective
intellectual inheritage and moral standards. Currently, the politically
correct refuse to distinguish between racism and culturism, thus
confusing a lot of issues.
PS The supreme culture is the Nordic, pre-Christian anarchy, of course.
:-)

@_date: 1996-05-01 23:13:04
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Churchill Club: 20th Anniversary PK Crypto 
According to your report, the guy made a comparison to MacDonalds,
having only 10.000 outfits in the US compared to the Post Office
having 50.000. But MacDonalds has a strong international presence
while the US Post Office has almost none. And then one could eat
a tasty burger, waiting for one's smartcards to get signed by the
trustworthy attendants (I mean, they do where uniforms).

@_date: 1996-06-02 07:11:28
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Statistical analysis of anonymous databases 
The evaluation of medical, and other, research is based on trust.
Some scientific journals are more trusted than others. Some research
institutions/heads of institutions are more trusted than others.
Original medical data are very rarely checked by outsiders, and if they
are the participating physical entities (patients) are never involved.
Verifying studies by other groups are usually needed before anything
is taken for a truth. So, in medical research in general, de-identified
data are perfectly useful.
In long-term epidemiological research identities are a big plus, though,
but for another reason than checking for scientific cheating. F ex,
the addition of a life-time SSN to peoples' credit cards would make it
possible in 50 years, when the 20-year old's of today start dying, to
compare causes of death with the items in the grocery store data banks
of today, finally deciding the cholesterol controversy (and other
things to make us live longer).
The Swedish National Medical Registry, where all diagnoses and surgical
procedures relating to hospital stays are entered, was de-identified
(except for year of birth) in 1993, by order from the Bureau of Data
Inspection. The epidemiologists haven't been able to sleep since, and
now there is a legislative initiative to enter full identities (our
infamous Person Numbers) again. I think it will pass.
In the discussions of this legislative initiative it has become
public knowledge that the database isn't even encrypted, and those
responsible for it see no need for changing this, since it's not
publically available. Epidemiologists are usually as naive as they

@_date: 1996-06-08 12:09:39
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Signatures 
Good advice. And if we are all waiting for our respective Post Offices
to come aboard we'll have to wait for a long time. I don't remember
how many years ago our Post Office was announcing 'real soon now' for
the first time, because so much time has elapsed since then. I guess
such institutions (bye economic capabilities) are mainly hiring cheap
incompetents who will never catch up with the latest developments.

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:01:10
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
Who is going to assure that someone has an ownership stake in the
Humpback Whales? The World Government? Is that entity supposed to
give the whales to some private whale-watcher's tourism enterprise?
I don't get it.
Who cares about a bunch of Norwegian (or Japaneese) fishermen?

@_date: 1996-06-08 14:38:16
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: It tolls for thee 
Perhaps not the lawmakers, but...
There was this moment last summer, on a Friday, when loose
talk on the cp-list (and, explicitly, some comments from TC May)
made me 99% sure that selling Netscape stock (short) would be a
great idea. Still next Monday it sold for something like $145.
Next Wednesday it fell to around $120. I know for sure that if
I had been in a position then to conveniently (and immediately)
act on the NY Stock Exchange (which I was not) I would have
risked something like $5,000 on such a deal - I'm not rich but
so strong was the cypherpunkish momentum towards this development.

@_date: 1996-06-29 21:54:01
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: www hacking? 
Editing the contents of a .htm(l) without permission of the owner
(alledged publisher) can do any sort of harm. Imagine the reaction
if the Vatican Home Page suddenly contained a statement like 'Woytola
just spoke to God. The Allmighty has changed her mind: Contraception
and Divorce are hereby sanctioned by the Divine Catholic Throne'.
Even changing a single ascii character can raise HELL. The biggest
telco in Sweden, TELIA (formerly the State Monopoly and still
a subject for 2600-type teenager scorn) recently involuntarily
had their main home-page logo changed to FELIA - which in Swedish
is an allegory of 'wrong', as if PACIFIC BELL would have become
PACIFIC HELL. This was major news for all media including prime
time TV and very bad publicity for the telco, securitywize.

@_date: 1996-07-03 09:27:16
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: TRI_cks 
Since the bulk of forged US$ (made in Syria and/or Iran?),
hundreds of millions, alledgedly are circulating in Russia,
will this bring down the Russian black market economy?
Or will they outlaw the Japanese box?

@_date: 1996-07-03 23:43:24
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
As has the media in Sweden completely ignored that we have our own
'Digital Telephony Act' as of July 1. I haven't been able to find it
on the net yet. From second hand sources it seems more or less identical
to the US one, although the financial burdens for reprogramming and
hardware adjustsments are put solely on the telco's (Sweden has no
monopoly since a decade). The telco's have a respite until 7.1.97
to fulfill the requirements.

@_date: 1996-07-04 10:27:51
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
Examples of this are the bombing attacks on tourists in Egypt
and Turkey; classical terrorism where the victims are not really
participants in the political struggle (as opposed to volontarily
enlisted American soldiers in Saudi). The agenda here is to bring
down the economy by scaring away future tourists, making way for
an islamic revolution/a separate kurdish state.
Anyone been to Egypt lately?
Asgaard

@_date: 1996-07-09 21:55:03
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Regarding the 'paradoxical' effect of speed on children:
It seems that age might not be the deciding factor. Scanning abstracts
of Medline articles on the subjects of methylfenidate AND , 469 hits in English, I found the one below. Perhaps the Swedish
speed epidemia in the 60-70's, now having sort of a comeback, was/is
partly self-medication. Note that this is about ADULTS and that the
research was made in 'The Peoples Republic of Massachusetts' (as someone
just called it). That these guys calm down on a drug that makes most
people the other way around suggests a structural difference; that some
of us are suffering from 'Ritalin deficiency'.
Spencer T. Wilens T. Biederman J. Faraone SV. Ablon JS. Lapey K.
Pediatric Psychopharmacology Unit, Massachusetts General Hospital,
Boston, USA.
A double-blind, crossover comparison of methylphenidate and placebo in
adults with childhood-onset attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Archives of General Psychiatry. 52(6):434-43, 1995 Jun.
BACKGROUND: There are few controlled studies of methylphenidate
hydrochloride in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
(ADHD), and their results have been equivocal. The discrepancies among
these studies may be related to low doses, diagnostic uncertainties,
and lack of attention to comorbid disorders.
METHODS: We conducted a randomized, 7-week, placebo-controlled,
crossover study of methylphenidate in 23 adult patients with DSM-III-R
ADHD using standardized instruments for diagnosis, separate assessments
of ADHD and depressive and anxiety symptoms, and a robust daily dose of
methylphenidate hydrochloride, 1.0 mg/kg per day.
RESULTS: We found a marked therapeutic response for methylphenidate
treatment of ADHD symptoms that exceeded the placebo response (78% vs
4% P < .0001). Response to methylphenidate was independent of gender,
psychiatric comorbidity with anxiety or moderate depression, or family
history of psychiatric disorders.
CONCLUSION: Robust doses of methylphenidate are effective in the
treatment of adult ADHD.

@_date: 1996-07-11 04:46:47
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Mind-Altering Drugs 
In the aftermath(?) of the Ritalin thread, let us remember
the Two Commandments of the late (recently) Timothy Leary:
1# Thou shalt not alter thy fellow man's conciousness with
   drugs against his will.
2# Thou shalt not prevent thy fellow man from altering his
   conciousness with drugs at his will.
Thinking of T. Leary in memoriam I looked around for the
present psychedelic scene. Alta Vista sent me to where
'everything' seems to connect ... Santa Cruz, Ca.

@_date: 1996-08-16 12:11:21
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Commercial Bundling 
A few days ago Eallensmith forwarded an article, which has lots of
references to economic scientific sources, by Andrew Odlyzko, AT&T:
'The bumpy road of electronic commerce'.
I didn't know that there is a whole theory of why and when and
how bundling of products work in commerce (but I should have guessed).
Soon after this article, published August 9, arguing why bundling
and subscriptions will take the lead over intelligent agent shopping
and personalized micro-retrievement on the net, came the following
announcement (quoting Edupage) from MS:
A networked computer with a bundled MS operating sytem, and a browser
already pointing to streamlined information. What more do we need?
This really fits in with Odluzko's predictions, and there is more to
come. According to Odluzko, bundling is not an evil but actually
does good for everyone, mostly (as does different prizes for different
customers). And most of us seem to prefer flat rates to pay-per-access.
He doesn't mention anything about the coming black market (of
crypto-anarchistic flavor), but then it isn't the subject of his
essay.
