
@_date: 1996-08-21 23:30:40
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
But also many 'legitimate' political movements in South American countries
engage in the cocaine trade (the President of Colombia etc). And why
shouldn't they. Here, the South countries at least have one commodity that
is highly prized in the North countries. It's very bad economy not to profit
from this.

@_date: 1996-08-22 02:34:48
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
In the meantime, before these technological fixes are easily implemented,
what is the proper way to handle unwanted commercial mail?
1) delete immediately
2) reply with 'Fuck off, morons!'
3) as in 2) plus an attachment of some 1Mb file
4) as in 3) plus a CC to the postmaster of the sending site
What if the spam says: 'Do only reply to this if you want
further contact with us' etc?
Does anybody have good advice, including risks for retaliation
from the vendors/postmasters for such 're-spam'?
Asgaard

@_date: 1996-09-02 22:26:51
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: RE: Sharp knives 
>I heard on talk.politics.guns somebody say that in Sweden they
 >had banned knives with a sharp point at the end, and were going
 >to ban sharp knives altogether.  I think he was just engaging in
 >hyperbole, that he really meant that gun control in Sweden was
 >unreasonably strict, but on reflection I am not sure.
There is a law in Sweden, some 5 years old, against carrying
'dangerous devices' (hunting knives, Ninja stars etc) in 'public
places' (unless you are a carpenter, electrician or some such
going about your business). It's okay to carry a knife when
going fishing/hunting or sitting on your terrace carving totem poles.
It's only a misdemeanour and might be punished with a fine,
but usually the cops just use the law to disarmour street gangs
on the spot. The effects of the law are dubious. Knives have come
into fashion among teenagers after this legislation (but not as
a consequence of it, I think).

@_date: 1996-09-05 23:25:02
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: ... subversive leftists 
This is amazing. Without defending the German stand on the Revisionist
crap, that part is at least understandable in a historical context
(their sense of guilt for the unfortunate developments in the 30's
and 40's etc). But a quick overview of the contents of Radikal gives the
impression of an ordinary leftist zine, defining the outlawing of it as
pure political censorship in a Western 'democracy'. I'm truly surprised.

@_date: 1996-09-10 22:55:56
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Movies 
I think the love ingredients, all too common in movies without adding
anything to the real story, are a pain in the behind. I usually channel-
surf during the coitus scene (one in every movie for the last year).
These things are just for wimmin. If a man wants to see love on the
screen, then there is the Hard Core stuff.

@_date: 1996-09-13 23:50:24
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: 56 kbps modems 
People who seemed to know used to say that 'the Shannon limit'
set an absolute upper limit around 40 kbps. Has Shannon been
proven wrong, or what?

@_date: 1996-09-14 06:25:02
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
If I were an unskilled person I would rather live in one of these
countries where I would be paid approximately the same for doing
nothing as for selling burgers at Mac Donalds. The low rate of
unemployment in the US is partly due to the creation of service
jobs with a salary that would be 'illegal' according to European
union agreements. Now, the situation is that I have some wanted
skills and pay a lot of taxes to support those who have none, and
who are not permitted to work for lower than minimum wages. From a
pure egotistical viewpoint I really should join the present calls
for, as the debate goes here in Sweden, transforming the enemployed
into 'maids and servants'. But I don't. I think it would backlash;
the 'lower classes' would come back at us and cut our throats
eventually (say, when 70% are serving the remaining 30%).
With the present rate of increase in world population the planet
will go to hell anyway. But suppose the population problem could
be fixed. Then, with technology escalating towards singularity,
machines doing almost all labor, there could certainly exist a
system where the 'dumb' and 'lazy' could be fed and housed properly
without anybody complaining. Those who want to become maids and
servants for some extra pocket money, well, good luck to them.
But to force people into menial service jobs just to literally
survive is not to my taste. No, give them minimal shelter for
nothing and from there on let the market anarcho-capitalistic
struggle begin, for obtaining a higher than minimum material
standard or reputational standing.
But I get as angry as any libertarian when my tax money goes
to subsidizing obsolete eduction, 'culture' and endless hordes
of bureaucrats, when all we need is some basic police, courts
and the Minimal Ministry for Collection of Taxes (probably
based on production of some physical goods rather than income)
for Redistribution to the Police, Courts and Everyone - yes,
of course everyone should receive the minimal support-without-
work and be able to rise from there.
P.S.  Mac Donalds could easily be replaced by a bot.

@_date: 1996-09-15 05:23:57
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Most of these taxes are not used for feeding the poor but to support
the Nomenclatura of the Bureaucracy and we all want to get rid of that.
The beauty of a simple tax on production of goods for transfer to a
few necessary institutions is it's simplicity - no need for millions of
clerks to implement the System like now. And the Basic_Needs_Refund
should, as I suggested, be payed to ALL citizens, for ease of
administration. The idea of production tax, as opposed to the present
system of income tax, has been investigated by economic theorists
for years and some of them believe in it. I can't go into details
because my knowledge is lacking and my interest in the academic
subject of economy is moderate, but such taxation seems to fit with
crypto-anarchy in that physical goods in any but the most insignificant
scale can't be hidden by cryptography.
And I rather pay some taxes (but optimally much less than now)
then have my throat literally cut by a revolting 'mob of servants'.
I agree with most of this. As some kind of an anarchist (but not a
pure anarcho-capitalist) I can of course not accept the basic rule
of democracy: that a majority (big or slight) should be able
to decide for the minority; or decide for the individual in any
but the most obvious ways (imprisoning killers and thieves etc).
But I believe that most people really want to work to some extent,
to be part of the economic process and gain a standing above
the minimal one - hence there is no danger in a Basic-Feed-Refund
And that's good. The world population really should go back to around
1 billion for achieving a stabile ecology (with singing birds for
the peace of minds). The former (?) US system of encouraging young
standalone women to make babies to get benefits was very bad. The
Chinese system - less benefits the more children you have - is the
way to go.
That's about exactly what I see as a minimal standard. The microwave
oven is the cheapest of ovens. Untaxed beer is the cheapest of drugs.
The television could go, though (but it will never do so in the present
system - it's needed for indoctrination).
This is where we disagree. The real lazy ones are satisfied with a roof
over there heads, a microwave oven for cooking pizza, a six-pack and
a soap opera. Most people really do want to achieve something more in
their lives.
Not a vast portion, if the above_basics capitalistic economy blooms.
Probably 10% would suffice - what was once paid to the church, the
institution that traditionally has supported the ill and poor.
The problem with the 100% market economy approach is what to do
with those who just can't get it together, i.e. who buy beer for the
money that should go to health insurance and then fall ill. It's
against basic human instincts to just let them stay in agony.
A system with only voluntary charities might possibly become enough
when we have reached the resemblence of an ecology-balanced singularity,
but this is not the historical time for suddenly ending ALL welfare -
in a situation with unemployment (not accepting making maids and
servants of those loosing their jobs) mainly due to robotics. It will always be comparatively easy to locate production plants
and farms, and tax them 10% of their production, without even
caring who owns them. This would call for a minimum of government
clerks. Crypto anarchy will inhibit taxation of all other kinds
of businesses, speculations and information transfers - the great
bulk of the present economy.
This is a myth.
I don't have to ask, I was there! I was happy to get rid of Bergman,
a much overrated director of boring movies. That actors and actresses
left for Hollywood is not surprising, that's where the real movies
are made (good and 'bad'). The Swedish film industry - heavily subsidized
with tax money! - is mostly producing boring movies, with people just
talking, that only intellectual snobs pretend to like. The country
is to small for the accumulation of high-risk investment capital that
real movies need nowadays. The likes of ABBA's and Bjorn Borg (a
tennis player who got very rich) move to tax-friendly places like
Monaco, invest their millions and then come back to live off their
accumulated wealth. Nothing wrong with that. Had there been crypto
anarchy already in the investment markets they could have stayed
all along, of course, but who cares about where they live. And since
you mentioned the Queen of Sweden (born in South America, of
suspicious post WWII German descent): she is presently the front
celebrity for the anti-pedophile movement here - after being shown
some kiddie-porn at an 'official' demonstration.
Seriously... The big Swedish corporations (Volvo, Eriksson, ASEA etc)
have not moved out of the country. Why should they? Swedish wages
and taxes are not very different from anywhere else in the Western

@_date: 1996-09-19 14:06:45
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: The Near-Necessity of Health Insurance 
Save yourself the trouble. To _show_ such a thing one would have to:
1) get some 10.000 persons, chosen 'randomly' (at least not chosen when
   they have already consulted medical proffessionals) to willingly    participate in the study and accept whatever group they would be
   coin-tossed into
2) randomize them into two groups of 5000 each
3) have one group checked anually and the other group not checked
4) wait 20-50 years
5) compare the groups for mortality
Without consulting Medline I can tell you that such a study has
not and will never be done. And all other approaches to try to
prove such a thing could be heavily criticized for likely bias.
Health tests, especially 'blood work', are done for profit, with
very little, if anything at all, to gain for the subjects. (There
are a few possible exceptions, f ex PAP-smears. Blood pressure is
more doubtful and cholesterol is a joke. But I'm not going to
argue on the details in this forum.)

@_date: 1996-09-19 16:15:51
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: GAK, GAP, GAY 
Scary. The benefits for the singular patient would be very marginal.
Epidemiologic research would become easier, with lots of opportunities
for the publish-or-perish academic medical crowd, but we already
know that smoking etc is bad for us. The real agenda is of course
to make life easier for the insurance business, our would-be employers
and the State.
The specialized software industry is currently flooding the medical
community with applications for all sorts of patient-related info.
It started with the small units (offices, with a single or a handful
doctors etc), which are already doing a lot of their record-keeping
on digital media, often with lousy security. Now the turn has come to
the big hospitals, which need heavily customized implementations of
the basic product they will choose. Athough most serious products
have proper authentication routines (including smartcards; especially
nurses seem to be totally unable to handle passwords above the
my_cat's_name level), the overall availability of patient data will
rise enormously with digital storage. The trend in the US is for
large companies to take over more and more of the big hospitals
(in Sweden almost all hospitals are owned by the 'public', with
a trend towards bigger and bigger integrated 'regions') mandating
larger and larger databases. So even without an outspoken decision
the Grand National Health Database is worming itself upon us.
It certainly is. And cryptography can not do that much about it since
it's primarily a problem of user integrity.

@_date: 1996-09-19 17:02:49
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: GAK, GAP, GAY 
De-identified records are common in medical research, where applicable.
The problem is that for effective epidemiological research the
self-generated ID you propose must be applied in a lot of databases
outside of health care. The epidemiologist wants to know when you
were born, when you give birth or die or buy liquor, your income,
standard of living, grade of radon contamination in your house,
what Web-pages you access etc etc. (The Swedish Post is currently
spending a lot of money advertising their new Web services. For
full access to such sensitive data as detailed wheather maps you have to enter your name, address and Person Number - for credit
information, they say - and they will send you, by snail mail, a
username and password; So in the end you haven't really gained much by creating your own
ID - it will be just as useful to the State as if they had
given it to you.

@_date: 1996-09-20 11:25:09
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: More proposals for European censorship 
It's probably no coincidence that the recently busted, utter horrible
child-molesting ring, with obvious protection from various persons
in the establishment, was centered in Belgium - that's where the EU
bureaucrat nomenklatura play their power games and go to bordellos.

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:57:45
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Go away CIA 
Some background, from Dagens Nyheter (biggest morning paper
in Sweden) 09/20/96, by Anna-Maria Hagerfors:
(free translation]
They call themselves Mr Big, Zaphod, Lixon, Bah and Nimh.
They are Swedish hackers presently prosecuted at the Stocholm
(low) court for, among other things, computer intrusion,
corporate espionage and fraud. Swedes associated with the
group (Swedish Hacker Association) have broken into CIA's
homepage on the Internet for protesting against the trial.
...telling the Swedish prosecutor: Stop lying, Bo Skarinder!
Those prosecuted at the Stockholm court are suspected of
computer intrusion at Telia (big Swedish telco), Holmens
Bruk (big Swedish corporation), KTH (University of Stockholm's
engineering division) and AT&T. The oldest of the prosecuted,
Mr Big, 29 yo, is believed to be the leader of the Swedish
Hacker Association. He's working as a security consultant for
a traveler check company and a dept collection service.
... Mr Big has applied for a job at SAPO (Swedish FBI) and
Forsvarets Radioanstalt (Swedish NSA).

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:11:58
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: More proposals for European censorship 
Obviously not only the arrested killer used the schoolgirls chained
in underground cells. They were for hire. High officials used his
'services', then ordered the police to cover it up. Why else would
some ten policemen be arrested? The EU bureaucrats are served by
hordes of prostitutes. Surely there are pedophiles among the hordes.
Probably some EU pedophiles have a connection to the gang. I don't
know this of course, but speculation is cheap.
Asgaard

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:11:30
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: provably hard PK cryptosystems 
Intuitively (but very well not, I'm not informed enough to know)
this might be a suitable problem for Hellman's DNA computer, the
one used for chaining the shortest route including a defined
number of cities?

@_date: 1996-09-26 04:02:16
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: We removed radikal 154 from xs4all :( 
But are these people really 'leftover commies'? Trying to
read  is rather confusing (but my German is not that
great, which could explain this). The 'Autonomen' don't
seem to be 'leftover' in the real sense, you get the impression
they are young people. Obviously they are opposed to the 'Punks'
whatever that means. I wish someone from Germany could deliver
a short resume of their political views - the interesting
question being why the German authorities obviously fear them.
(One German on the list has opinioned that they are 'childish'
but that doesn't say much.)

@_date: 1996-09-26 03:50:21
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Medical Data 
One problem is when a patient is suing his doctor, but claiming that his
'dossier' was lost in a fire. The doctor then has to defend himself
with only 'your word against mine' instead of having his own account
of what was happening on file, including test results etc that could
be very interesting for the defence.

@_date: 1996-10-05 05:27:02
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Secret Swedish GAK and ITAR 
Gunnar Klein, a Swedish MD, is chairing a EU committee dealing
with standardization of security measures in medical information
systems. Recently, in a full-page anti-GAK debating article in a
national Swedish evening newspaper (Aftonbladet 9/25/96), he
chose to reveal some secret information he's gotten hold of:
Sweden's representatives in the OECD GAK proceedings have declared
that Sweden is willing to sign bilateral or multilateral GAK
treaties, if other countries so demand. This declaration, along
with the OECD records per se, has been classified.
He also discloses that Sweden in late 1994, effectively in total
secrecy, issued a completely new law against export of 'stretegic
products', principally including all cryptography, without
permission from the 'Inspection for Strategic Products'. In theory
this law would cover export of a crypto program on a notebook.
Gunnar Klein suspects US strong-arming behind all this.
Obviously, Denmark has taken a different, anti-GAK, position in the
OECD proceedings. Denmark is less susceptible to US blackmail than
Sweden - they don't build fighter-planes with lots of US high tech
parts inside (like the JAS/Gripen).

@_date: 1996-10-29 00:23:02
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
And you all accept this without complaining? (Not you personally,
since you obviously are complaining, at least on this list.)
Aren't students supposed to be rebellious?
Well, then don't go to the sports hall or any social events.
Pay for the beer with cash even if it costs a few pennies more.
And, for Godzilla's sake, don't vote (it won't make any difference
Open your own, competing services just outside campus limits.
Try to discredit the system. Spread (false, if so be it)
rumours about the selling of beer-drinking records to future
employers, about you knowing a guy who's father, a devote
Latter Day Saint working in the security department of a bank,
spanked the guy for his outrageous social activities, about
the guy who got unfriendly with a 'hacker' and suddenly ran
a bill for 2000 beers in a week, and so on. Yes, especially
stories about fraud and personal loss of money are good. Such
things scare people.

@_date: 1996-10-29 11:10:06
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
Disinformation is a time-honoured weapon in political struggle.
A rumour is called just that because it can't easily be checked
- somebody heard from somebody, who heard from somebody etc. The
spreader is hardly ever discredited since he does not guarantee
the validity of the information. 'It's just a rumour, but...'
Those arguing in favour of Big Brother - 'the needs of law enforcement'
- frequently use (probably false) information that is hard to check, to
impress the public: about terrorists stopped by wiretapping, pedophiles
in great hordes lurking on the net, the infamous 'If you knew what I have
been confidentially told' and so on.
If you doubt that disinformation, including rumour campaigns, can be
effective, read the book on CIA by the renegade Phillip Agee.

@_date: 1996-11-01 03:17:56
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: WWII & Japan 
You may well be right, but there are seemingly serious
historians who claim otherwise. Since you have studied the subject for 30 years I would be interested in your
comments on the book 'Infamy' by John Toland (1982).
I remember being very taken by his arguments when I
read it. He has extensively studied the protocols from
the post war hearings and military court proceedings
dealing with the subject (and they were plentiful)
interviewed many of the involved persons years after.
According to Toland:
The US president, selected members of his cabinette and a
few admirals and generals knew - from Magic and the 'winds'
execute, radio traffic analysis, diplomatic sources, double
agents - exactly when and where the Japaneese were going to
attack, but didn't warn Hawaii, fearing that too efficient
counter-measures by the Oahu military might make the attack
abort and so not convince the isolationists. The unexpected tactical capabilities of the Japaneese armada then made a
cover-up all the more important.

@_date: 1996-11-03 17:15:29
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: anonymous oddsman 
The problem is that Ladbroke won't take your offer, they don't
work that way. If they wanted to insure against a Dole victory
they would place some of the money they got from betters on Dole
at William Hill, at 10:1, instead of taking your offer at 6:1.
But probably they get too few bets on Dole to bother with insurance;
they do take risks. Another way of insuring themselves would have
been to offer 11/10 or something on Clinton but obviously they
don't feel they have to do that.

@_date: 1996-11-04 09:31:00
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Political Derivative Securities 
In theory very simple indeed. But then there's the matter of trust
(they know Ladbroke will probably be there after the election, but
will you?) and market infringement (will Ladbroke's security allow
you to hang around?) and such practical things. But I understand
that you are more interested in the theoretic basis for arbitrage.
I was talking more about the real world.
Gambling institutions do these kind of insurance transactions all
the time, of course. But many of them don't work only with small
safe margins (changing the odds according to incoming bets pro/con
so that exactly some percentage will always stay in their pockets
after taxes) because they are themselves gamblers.
Some will anyway, out of convenience, if a Ladbroke office happens to
be just around the corner. But those daring to give the highest odds,
and in this case without insuring themselves with counter-odds,
with take most of the customers and most of the profits if Clinton
wins (and the losses if Dole wins).
In part for practical reasons, as stated above. That will change
when this kind of betting moves online, with digital cash (if
allowed) or digital traceable money (betters will accept some
degree of taxation). Then all the opportunities hitherto reserved for
gamblers on the stock, commodity and monetary markets will become
available to the more profane betters on sports, horce racing and
elections: derivates, futures etc.
And more. Some of the more esoteric cryptographic protocols will become
of practical value in the gambling business. Like you could bet $n
that Dole will win, prospective takers of the bet could make secret
offers and the highest bidder would get your bet at the next to
highest offered odds, without anybody's offer being revealed. You
might have committed to take that offer, or you might not - different
gambling styles. An all against all situation, serviced by a trusted
entity with committed bits in escrow, living off a very small margin
on all transactions.

@_date: 1996-11-21 10:07:36
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Anderson & Kuhn's "Improved DFA" paper 
You forgot the Belgians (or is Jean-Jacques Quisquater French?).

@_date: 1996-11-22 09:45:11
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: re: sci fi 
A rather odd book that I found immensely stimulating is
'Venus on a halfshell' by a Nym (allegedly for Kurt Vonnegut,
who in most of his books under his own name now and then
refers to some hilarious non-existing SF story by this 'author').

@_date: 1996-11-29 08:52:33
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
This is not universally true. Everyone doesn't have access to
a functional News server or even to the Web, and some interesting
stuff could come from closed commercial sites etc.
But even if everyone had global access, I think there is a place for
forwarded articles on the CP list. It's a convenient way to keep
up with the happenings to passively watch on-topic items drop into
one's mailbox or to be able to request longer pieces with very few
keystrokes, jya-style. The most lazy of us will hardly even light
up our browsers for a maybe-interesting URL.
The problem is off-topic or quasi-on-topic forwards, including EPIC/EFF
kind of announcements. And all forwards would benefit from a personal
comment by the forwarder (at the beginning of the mail, NOT after the
10 screens document) where he explains what is interesting cp-wise.

@_date: 1996-12-02 03:50:13
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: New payment scheme for Web access 
(See abstract from Edupage at the end)
Who wants to use the MTV web site anyway, but I suppose this could
spread. I guess a very popular site could allow access only to domains
(....foo.bar) that have paid instead of blocking those who have not,
otherwise 'new' sites could circumvent it easily. On the other hand,
a proxy server inside of an allowed domain would circumvent the allowing
kind of scheme, at least for a while (until they found out about it).
Great opportunities for hacking wars.
Another payment scheme in use is to recieve passwords for closed
Web pages by voice phoning to an expensive number. Did the porno sites
invent this (they have long been in related business)?
MTV TURNS THE TABLES IN WEB VIEWING
Viacom's MTV Networks has come up with a new way to make its Web investment
pay off -- it's putting the squeeze on online service providers, demanding
that they pay multimillion dollar fees or risk having their subscribers
blocked from viewing MTV's Web site. <...>

@_date: 1996-12-06 04:07:41
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Decline of Science ?? (Was: Stinger Specs) 
Isn't this merely an effect of mass education instead of
elite_only education? And the peak performers will do as
well as they ever did? Doesn't every generation claim that
the younger people get defective education in some sense?
The Latin speakers of Gen 1 were horrified that Gen 2 didn't
get a thorough understanding of classic Greek culture and
geometry (but started with 'sets' and 'subsets' instead). Science is still exploding in electro-physics, digital
programming, molecular biology and several other fields.
(I wonder what is happening in Pure Math with No Applications
- not even for Cryptography :) - these days?) And formal
education is gradually loosing to actual competence.
A real difference, though, is the relative lack of multidisciplinary
theorists nowadays, I mean with a deep understanding of several
'unrelated' fields of knowledge. Most of us with actual competence
in a certain area are SUBspecialists. This is natural since the
knowledge bases have exploded to become impossible for any one man
or woman to comprehend. An industrial cobol programmer probably
doesn't know shit about Java (perhaps a bad example; I'm not
a programmer, but I know a guy who makes a good living off cobol!)
and a PCR biochemist hacking DNA doesn't know shit about immunology
or molecular neurology. In bio-science there is a discipline
which tries to put all such kinds of specialties into a broader
understanding of the human/animal body and soul - it's called
physiology, and is a declining field with chronic lack of funds;
not much money in it. I'm sure there is a comparable discipline
of computer science that I'm not able to name (information theory??),
with similar economic problems. But there is still hope for the GMAU
(Grand Meta-Analysis of the Universe); AltaVista is a new, good start
for collecting ingredients :-)
So, I'm not worried. When I indulge in the inevitable bashing of
younger generations I stick to their bade taste of music, like rap
and hip-hop (but some acid house/techno is ok), and appearance, like
tatoos and piercing, and life-style, like working-out, cliff-climbing
and resorting to vitamins, herbal medicine and other useless stuff.
(But even so, psychodelic drugs are making a come-back which I think
is a Good Thing.)
Asgaard (Gen 2)

@_date: 1996-12-10 11:29:38
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
I agree with the last statement. Who decides if Great Tits is about
sex or ornithology? (This example has reportedly confused many
admirers of prolific milk-producing tissue searching on AltaVista
ending up at Bird Sites.)

@_date: 1996-12-10 11:36:08
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Chaum to Step Aside 
I hope they'll find some bigshot who can revive the
momentum of Digicash that existed about a year ago.
That the Digicash promotional press releases still
mention the Swedish Post is a sign of lack of other
examples. It looks like the Swedish Post just bought
the rights and now is having second thoughts, just
sitting on it.

@_date: 1996-12-22 16:07:04
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: The Ebolics Virus may be contained 
Isn't that what Farrakan (sp?) has been saying from the start of
his political career? I thaught he was the Man nowadays (but I
don't live in the US and could have gotten it backwards).

@_date: 1997-01-23 12:04:14
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
A semantic comment:
We here all know that this is right but it's obvious that
the language is sliding towards Internet = Web. Most people
using tcp/ip email don't think about this as using the Internet.
Another list I'm on has recently set up a Hypermail site on
the Web, mingling transparently with the list, for those who
are overwhelmed by 100 posts a day (it's a proffessional list
unrelated to computers per se). When people here about it they
say: 'Wow, I didn't know you had access to the list on the
Internet too!' It's treated the same on television, in the US as
well as here in Sweden, Internet = Web and nothing else.
It will be hard for us who have been around for a while, and
to fresh computer litterates who know something of what's behind
the screen, to relearn the use of the term 'Internet'. But we
will eventually have to accept it or become 'dinosaurs', that's
the way language evolution works.

@_date: 1997-01-16 01:03:08
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
I don't understand what you are getting at here.
This would demand cooperation from the cell phone provider,
with a compatible device at the other end of the airwaves.
Then the call would go unencrypted through much of the
system until it reached the callee's current cell sender
anyway. GSM is alledgedly A5 encrypted only in the air.
And if A5 is a 'decent' algorithm or not is up to discussion.
It hasn't been up on the list for a long time now but from
earlier discussions I remember that the latest versions of
A5, if not 'strong' in a crypto anarchy sense, are susceptible
to attack only from very sophisticated adversaries and certainly
not from Newt's 'couple'.

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:06:49
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: GSM technology 
With a reasonably sized shirt pocket you can fit a Nokia 9000
Communicator into it: a combination of GSM phone and 386 computer,
with 6 MB storage (OS and default applications use 4 of those)
and 2 MB RAM. It runs fax, SMS (Short Messages Services), a Terminal,
SMTP, IMAP4, MIME1, WWW and telnet. The operative system is GEOS
(tm) 3.0. I guess it's not very programmable though (and there is
no PGPhone implementation for GEOS) and data speed is only 9600 bps.
And there is probably no connection between the mic/speaker and
the computer.
But it's only 173 x 64 x 38 mm, and perhaps the next generation of such
devices might be interesting for reengineering into secure end-to-end
crypto phenes?

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:57:51
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: GSM technology 
With a reasonably sized shirt pocket you can fit a Nokia 9000
Communicator into it: a combination of GSM phone and 386 computer,
with 6 MB storage (OS and default applications use 4 of those)
and 2 MB RAM. It runs fax, SMS (Short Messages Services), a Terminal,
SMTP, IMAP4, MIME1, WWW and telnet. The operative system is GEOS
(tm) 3.0. I guess it's not very programmable though (and there is
no PGPhone implementation for GEOS) and data speed is only 9600 bps.
And there is probably no connection between the mic/speaker and
the computer.
But it's only 173 x 64 x 38 mm, and perhaps the next generation of such
devices might be interesting for reengineering into secure end-to-end
crypto phenes?

@_date: 1997-01-23 10:12:48
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
A semantic comment:
We here all know that this is right but it's obvious that
the language is sliding towards Internet = Web. Most people
using tcp/ip email don't think about this as using the Internet.
Another list I'm on has recently set up a Hypermail site on
the Web, mingling transparently with the list, for those who
are overwhelmed by 100 posts a day (it's a proffessional list
unrelated to computers per se). When people here about it they
say: 'Wow, I didn't know you had access to the list on the
Internet too!' It's treated the same on television, in the US as
well as here in Sweden, Internet = Web and nothing else.
It will be hard for us who have been around for a while, and
to fresh computer litterates who know something of what's behind
the screen, to relearn the use of the term 'Internet'. But we
will eventually have to accept it or become 'dinosaurs', that's
the way language evolution works.

@_date: 1997-02-02 09:56:19
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
TC May hasn't posted in a month or so. I miss his posts. Without
any official role he was the de facto moderator, mostly by example
but also by pointing out the core of the issues when things went
astray, for all those years. Did he mention going away for so long
in any of his latest posts? I remember 'for the holiday season'
but that is long gone. I hope he hasn't left the list for good,
being pissed off by Gilmore's choice of moderator(s) or some
such reason.

@_date: 1997-02-20 06:56:06
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: European crypto export policy 
After signing the Wassenaar Arrangement, Sweden has written it's own
ITAR and there is a subdepartment of the UD, it's Foreign Office/State
Department, the ISP (Inspection of Strategic Products), that handles
export requests, if need be with the help of the FRA, it's NSA.
A representative of the ISP says that only a handful of EU member states
are completely cleared by the Wassenaar statutes to be at the importing
end of strong crypto: England, France, Holland, Sweden and Germany.
Most other EU states could fail because it would be to upgrade them
concerning their cryptologic resources.
An example is given: the coming Swedish ID smartcard (using DES
and 512 bit RSA) would theoretically need a OK from the ISP before
being carried over the border to Denmark.
A crypto exporter (obviously hardware) complains about harassing
bureaucrazy even if Germany is the recipient.
So much about that short article. In addition to Goran Axelsson,
Sweden's representative in the EU's IT security body whom Ulf
is mentioning in his post, Swedish crypto-politics is handled
by this guy's boss (at least formally) at the UD, Magnus Faxen.
And then there is the FRA (Forsvarets Radioanstalt), a body as
secretive as the NSA. They don't officially take part in the
discussions at all.

@_date: 1997-02-02 09:12:16
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
TC May hasn't posted in a month or so. I miss his posts. Without
any official role he was the de facto moderator, mostly by example
but also by pointing out the core of the issues when things went
astray, for all those years. Did he mention going away for so long
in any of his latest posts? I remember 'for the holiday season'
but that is long gone. I hope he hasn't left the list for good,
being pissed off by Gilmore's choice of moderator(s) or some
such reason.

@_date: 1997-06-04 02:39:50
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: May's Banal Rant 
But on the contrary, I clearly remember that you were one of very
few who actually warned Jim Bell in clear language that he might be
crossing the line in some particular rants, where he parted from the
more or less pure theoretical level of discussion and hinted 'threats'
at almost-named 'targets'. Of course, he was in many peoples killfiles
and others just wouldn't bother to comment on what was generally looked
upon as lunacy - he has many more 'friends' on the list now than he ever
had before his arrest, and that's understandable (protection of the
right for loons to speak up). Your warning him (twice, I think) was
a show of good-heartedness, really, as he might well have listened more
to you than to those publically dismissing him with just utter disgust
(like Phill Hallam-Baker*).
*Why is it that people of finer (?) English heritage often has a double
second name? Someone once suggested to me that it originates from having
(or an ancestor having) adopted the name of both one's 'marital' father
and one's biological father, for reasons of property inheritance, but
I never believed that one. Just curious.

@_date: 1997-06-04 03:22:06
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
A Swedish free-lance journalist and author of well researched books
on the information society, Anders Olsson, have some interesting
things to say on the likes of Anita Bondestam, from sort of a 'leftish'
democratic viewpoint. He sees the achievements of the 'establishment
privacy mafia' as mainly preventing 'the people' from keeping track of
the wheelings and dealings of the nomenclatura for it's own benifit,
and he doesn't think that this is unintentional.
Data privacy laws are certainly an obstacle for sociologic research,
among other things, and research results can be threatening to
bureaucrats, plutocrats and monopolists.
Laws against matching various 'public' registers for multiple entries
are also making life easier for tax evaders (who might be libertarian
heroes of course, but remember that for most salary-dependent people
of lesser income it works like this: the more the entrepreneurs evade
taxes, the more they have to pay to support the nomenclatura) but
also for welfare cheaters and the like (not libertarian heroes!).

@_date: 1997-09-08 19:19:16
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: FVG ?? 
In Santa Fe (?).
What kind of joke is that?
Is this what Java is for??

@_date: 1997-09-16 08:19:04
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: US dissident in Sweden 
The Dagens Nyheter reported yesterday that a US citizen,
Mr Ritt Goldstein, is in Sweden asking for political asylum.
Alledgedly he has been systematically harassed and persecuted
by US police after organizing resistance against police
violence and brutality.
The NYPD 'zero tolerance success' has recently been praised
here as something for the Swedish police to learn from. Luckily
the 'up yours' story surfaced soon afterwards.
The latest crypto policy news here says that Sweden will not
go along will mandatory GAK. In the long run there is little
hope for European resistance to the New World Order, though.
Only France has nuclear warheads out of US control and France
is The Enemy as the leading proponent of an EU Superstate.

@_date: 1997-12-22 22:40:06
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Get your Anthrax shots OR Jim Bell hits Sweden 
And unfortunately the long immunization period makes it
impossible to be ready when they let out Jim Bell very soon.
The Dec 21 issue of Dagens nyheter, Sweden's number
one morning paper, has a piece (in the science section)
on terrorism with biological weapons, how easy it is
to grow Anthrax, Irak, the Japaneese sect, all the
usual stuff. Two (2) biological terrorists are named
in this globally surveying research article:
1) Larry Wayne Harris, allegedly a microbiologist in
Ohio who was sentenced for the posession of 'three bottles'
of bubonic plague bacteria in 1995. Harris, said the article,
had been engaged in the rasist organization Aryan Nation.
2) Our own stinkbombing, taxavoiding, SSN-forging Jim Bell:
Last april, after several years of inquiries, the American
police arrested the chemist James Dalton Bell, who has an
education from the ruputable Massachusets Institute of
Technology. Bell had several containers with poisonous
chemicals in his garage. Right-wing extremist litterature
and bomb-making manuals were found in his car. When
interrogated, his acquaintances told that Bell had been
trying to manufactor botulinum toxin from green beens.
It's interesting to see the story grow when journalists
quote from each other's sensationalist reports. Next time
they need a face for a story on nuclear terrorism, I guess
other devices might pop up retrospectively in Jim's garage.
Perhaps he even had a suitcase there.

@_date: 1998-01-30 10:26:03
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Persistent URLs Considered Useful 
Librarians have been busy in this area. Electronic journals
will soon (well, it will take a few years...) become the
prefered method for scientific publishing. Pre-publishing,
peer-review, certification, post-certification addenda (and
sometimes even revocation, if cheating has been proven).
Similar methods have been used in the technical development
of the Internet for decades but now other fields are catching
An example of public peer-review techniques
A functioning and respected scientific e-journal
The Linkoping University Electronic Press
and more specifically
describes PGP-signing the MD5 hashes of articles. They
will guarantee their on-line survival for 25 years. Also,
paper copies are stored in the deep archives of several
Swedish University libraries. I guess they don't guarantee
that the URL will stay the same for 25 years, but why not.

@_date: 1998-09-17 08:22:07
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Re: Harald Fragner 
I remember Harald Fragner from a lot of forums on
the Swedish Fidonet back in around 1991-1992. He was
a trusted technophile who had an answer to every single
IMB-PC related question (and most of his answers seemed
A search has him now working for IDG Sweden, a publisher of
computer magazines, as head of it's computer department.
harald.fragner I'm sure that Harald could take anybody off any list but it's
questionable if he has the time, or feels like it. :-)

@_date: 1998-11-21 01:14:29
@_author: Asgaard 
@_subject: Anon GSM in New York? 
Since I'll be visiting New York shortly I wonder if there are
any GSM-net provider there issuing anonymous sim cards for cash
that would fit in my Ericsson SH888?
Asgaard
