
@_date: 1997-09-29 10:42:50
@_author: "A. B. Terroroist" 
@_subject: Re: Memo From Washington Gestapo Tyranny 
Dear Ms. Schmidt,
  If you are the Chairman of the Organized Crime Advisory Board, then this email is for you. Otherwise, it is just an annoying piece of spam
by an ignorant, drunken asshole who is too stupid and lazy to use the
InterNet search engines effectively.
  I am writing in regard to a memo that was posted on the CypherPunks
mailing list, and which was attributed to yourself (if you are the you
that I think I am writing to).
  I am currently involved in a project to warn the unwitting, such as
myself, about the Evil Farces which are striving to subject the whole
world to being on their knees (and we all know what people on their
knees do, don't we?).
  I would like to use your memo in writing a chapter of Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet,' but I find myself in an ethical dilema
in this regard.
  Although I am a known liar, thief, forger and FUD artist, I have still
managed to hold on to a modicum of basic human integrity.
  I have a sick sense of humor which is apparently only appreciated by myself, since no one ever responds to me, but I have fun, just the same,
by using bad forgeries and shallow deceptions to try and ridicule those
things which decent people hold sacred. I am pretty much shameless when
it comes to usurping peoples Net personas and twisting their words to
make them look like fools and assholes, but even I have my limits.
  To tell the truth, although I have always considered myself to be
the funniest person in the world (but looks aren't everything, eh?),
when I read the memo below, which is attributed to you, I laughed so
hard that I fell off my chair, broke three ribs, blew snot all over
myself, and peed my pants.
  I haven't done that since the guy with the paper bag over his head
said, "I just flew in from LA, and boy, are my arms tired!" (He was
a paper bag joke terrorist.)
  Anyway, I intend to use the memo below to help other people blow
snot all over themselves by reading about how we need to destroy the
last tattered fragments of the Constitution in order to protect the
children of America from people who are "separating their middle and
last names with a comma or colon."
  Since I plan to attribute the memo to yourself, you should contact
me to let me know if you're really just pulling people's legs (like
your email address suggests).   Although I enjoy peeing my pants as much as the next person, I would
feel bad if people took your memo seriously, by mistake, and overthrew
the government when they realized that their tax dollars were going toward putting out memos suggesting that inmates defending themselves
and people requesting information from government agencies are a threat
to democracy.
  Although I am a Cult of One InterNet Terrorist known as TruthMonger
McVeigh, and my ultimate goal is to overthrow all the governments of
the world without ever leaving my house (except to go to the bar,
two blocks away), even I would not stoop so low as to attribute the
memo below to a Fascist, Nazi pawn of the Evil One unless they really
wrote it (not even if they did have an Aryan name).
  Although I always forage my email headers because I have permanently
misplaced my scruples, you can find out how to contact me by asking
some of the CypherPunks, such as Tim C. McVeigh, Alan McVeigh, William
Geiger McVeigh III, ? the McVeigh, Damaged McVeigh, Attila T. McVeigh,
and A McVeigh To Be Named Later.
Terrorist, A. Bad "I'm in the Book"
