
@_date: 1994-12-13 06:48:50
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: the netscape/ssl controversy 
have to get my two cents in:
netscape has a proposal that secures the *transport* of files. pgp and
the like secure the actual files themselves. the question that will
have to be answered is "which method of security is more valuable to
the internet as a whole?"
of course i have made up my mind, but i'll waste some space and share
those thoughts here. i sit on a committee at the college of agriculture here at uf, where
we are discussing how to implement the web. many of these people come
from beauracratic and publishing (the college publishes lots)
backgrounds. they want control and accountability. they don't want
someone to download some chemical information, believing that it is
correct (as certified by the university), but in actuality that
information was forged. i (and a few others) brought up digital
signatures as a way of guaranteeing authenticity of documents. but
this would an awful pain to implement, simply because the products do
not support it.
ssl can not provide this.  ssl can guarantee that the document was not
modified from the server it originated from until i got it. but who is
to say that the server i got it from was the authoritative server?
that's merely one example of where ssl provides no added benefit, but
other encryption technologies do. so what is a better solution?
i would choose a mime multipart using pgp or some other cryptographic
method. if integrated into the web client, it could be just as
seamless to the user, but now instead of encrypting the link between
two computers, it encrypts (or signs) the document itself, since
that's what i'm really interested in anyway (is the document). i could
care little about the link - and that's the premise of the internet,
that the link is unimportant as long as it works. so while ssl may well be a wonderful protocol, it does not address the
problems that many cypherpunks see as being real. i think it would do
netscape good to listen to and consider the views of many on this
list, as they have many genuinely good ideas, even if they choose a
confrontational manner.

@_date: 1994-12-14 05:58:40
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: Re: Using HotWIRED without provoking junk mail 
funny thing about that. i told a non-cp friend about this when he
first discovered hotwired's policy. he used it for a while, and then
somehow mentioned it on another list (something to do with
publishing), in a discussion with one of wired's folk. she (wired
person) later made the comment that she looked it up, and halfway
through that day there were over 100 hits to that account already.
tells us three things:
-at least this wired staffer was somewhat amused with the prospect
(rather than annoyed, as i had expected). -they have a fairly simple way of checking up on usage, by account, by
day. which means they are probably using this data for something
already. -the account is well used.

@_date: 1994-12-14 06:09:15
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted Credit Card Numbers For Transmission.... 
the account i have been using all along is 'cypherpunk' /
'cypherpunk'. still works. i made the mistake of trying 'cypherpunks'
a few times until i went back and read my mail. but since it's such a
natural mistake, i doubt having both is any detriment.

@_date: 1994-12-16 20:25:05
@_author: "Avi Baumstein" 
@_subject: rehash of fbi v. weaver, or 'freeh is a jerk' 
i happen to be on the road in tennessee, and read this editorial in the
knoxville new-sentinel. i don't remember seeing anything about this when it
happened...but since freeh and the fbi seem to be disliked these days,
here's some more fodder for the fire.
ps - hopefully this isn't a repeat, but being on the road, i'm mail-delayed
at least 24 hours.
The Knoxville News-Sentinel, Dec 16, 1994, pA16
DISTURBING SILENCE
-FBI chief taking his time acting on report about Idaho shootout
All eyes are on Louis Freeh, director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, as he ponders disciplinary action in the infamous shootout at
Ruby Ridge, Idaho, in 1992. This being the end of 1994, one starts to wonder
what is taking the director so long.
Excessive use of force by the FBI is no trivial matter. Citizens might
gather from the Idaho case that the government claims special license to
abuse the rights of loners with extremist views.
It is a year and a half already since the government made a fool of itself
by trying Randy Weaver and Kevin Harris for murder inthe death of a deputy
US marshal. The jury sided with the defendants, and the US district judge
said 75 percent of the evidence and testimony presented by the prosecution
had aided the defense.
But to go back to the beginning, Weaver, a former Green Beret, was a member
of the Christian Identity sect and a racial speratist. He had retreated with
his wife and children to a remote mountain cabin, where they and their young
friend Harris lived.
Weaver's first run-in with the law was induced by undercover agents. They
offered to buy two shotguns from him if he sawed off the barrels, making the
weapons illegal. He did so, and they arrested him. He failed to show up for
trial, though the government later was forced to admit that he was given the
wrong court date.
Then began 20 months' surveillance of the Weaver cabin. On Aug. 21, 1992,
the Weavers' dog discovered several agents camouflaged int he woods. The
agents shot the dog. In the ensuing exchange of fire, 14-year-old Sam Weaver
was killed by a bullet in the back, and Harris shot the deputy -- in
self-defense, he said.
The next day, the agents returned, reinforced by the 50-member Hostage
Rescue Team. The commander of the HRT never attempted to interview the
agents who survived the first encounter. Also, the FBI's policy on use of
deadly force was relaxed: Instead of firing if lives were in danger, agents
were ordered to shoot any armed adult at the scene.
Thus was the stage set for final tragedy. An FBI marksman fired at Weaver
and Harris outside the cabin. Both men were wounded, and Weaver's wife was
killed, standing inside the cabin with her baby in her arms.
A 542-page Justice Department report was completed last April. It has not
been released. Director Freeh's disturbing silence is compunded by his
promotion last week of the agent who had overall responsibility for the
Weaver operation.
What conclusion would Freeh recommend the public draw, if not that a
federal government willing enough to jail overzealous Los Angeles policemen
will arrogently circle the wagons to protect it's own?

@_date: 1995-01-04 12:46:33
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: Re: Warning letter from Co$. [any comments ?] 
nobody writes a very nice, non-confrontational and well thought out
letter supporting his case (and ignoring the oddness of copyrighting
religous materials). but i have some questions that weren't discussed
when i took business law 101 a few years ago:
i know there has been much chatter on this subject, but are there
truly any precedents that could hold on the anonymous distribution of
copyrighted material? are remailer-ops truly in legal danger?  what
exactly constitutes a trade secret, and what sort of laws apply?
what of these cases? is this just an example of typical lawyerly
intimidation tactics? how do you remailer-ops plan to react? my first
instinct (were i running a remailer) would be to ignore it, on grounds
that i wouldn't examine any mail passing through. but if there really
were valid precedent in this matter... (has anyone seen any
well-written lay-person evaluations of the steve jackson case? i read
the ruling, but much of it went in one eye and out the other).
i think the censorship thing is building steam, and we should start
preparing (and informing) ourselves...

@_date: 1995-01-10 06:18:11
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: Re: Data Haven problems 
well i remember a suggestion a while back to only accept encrypted
files. i don't remember who made the suggestion, but this seems like a
good idea for several reasons:
1) most journalists won't know how to encrypt their files (ok, this is
an admittedly short-term advantage, as journalists get smarter)
2) you will have no idea *what* is stored, and absolutely no way of
finding out, even if you wanted to. you should advertise this feature
widely. 3) it will help promote the use of crypto, as those who want to use
the DH will have to have a way to encrypt their files.
and charging, even an extremely minimal fee, will help to reduce
wanton usage. but then you get into the whole electronic payment
infrastructure problem again...

@_date: 1995-01-11 10:42:15
@_author: Avi Harris Baumstein 
@_subject: anti clipper graffiti 
check out:
and while you've got mosaic going, check this out on the same server:

@_date: 1995-01-30 20:22:41
@_author: avi baumstein 
@_subject: No Subject 
sandrew dart
The following refers to the page B1 article in the January 26, 1995
column of The Wall Street Journal titled "Personal Technology" by
Walter S. Mossberg.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Mr. Mossberg:
Your editorial warning of the dangers of the online universe, while
well written, presents many arguments which do not make sense in
the current context of society or the Internet.
Your belief that anonymity is ruinous to on-line culture is based on
simply incorrect assumptions. The most egregrious of these is that
anonymity is anti-democratic and not present in our non-digital
society. It is widely known that the Federalist Papers were published
under psuedonyms, as have many other works which our culture holds
dear (Samuel Clemmons' Mark Twain identity comes to mind). Anonymity
can be acheived in the written word very easily today, by simply not
signing a letter, and dropping it in the nearest mail box. The White
House is one of the biggest receipients of such anonymous mail.
Newspapers routinely publish anonymous articles, often credited to "AP
Newswire". Most editorials bear no author (although the editorial
board can be identified, who is to say which one of them, or even if
any of them wrote a specific piece?) It is not uncommon for letters to
the editor to be published unsigned, to protect the wishes of the
author. The corporation is a form of anonymity. The legal term used to
describe a corporation's name screams of anonymity: Fictitious Name.
Oil companies routinely print ads in major media under names such as
"Coalition to clean our beaches". These are not only anonymous, but
misleading. Yet given all these methods of anonymous publishing (in print,
none-the-less), our society has existed in it's present form for
several centuries. And I am sure that anonymity is by no means a
product of modern day America.
Your statement "Our democracy and society require accountability, not
anonymity." is 100 percent wrong. When you go into a voting booth, do
you sign your ballot? Our government is founded on anonymity, and
SHARED accountability. We are all responsible for what happens in this
country. Perfect accountability is actually acheived only in a
dictatorship, where it is known that only the dictator is calling the
shots. That's certainly not democracy. Anonymity has many positive uses. The most often mentioned is for
victims to be able to discuss their problem without fear of
retribution or identification. There are many places on the Internet
where such discussions regularly take place. Another use can be where a
person wants their opinions to be judged on their merit, rather than
their name (have a look at The Economist, which does not publish
bylines, but yet it is extremely respected. Possibly there is some
connection here). Other uses can be whistleblowers; The state of
Florida maintains an anonymous hotline for government workers to tip
off the Comptroller about wastes and abuses. The bottom line is that anonymity, rather than being a bane to
democracy and freedom, is actually essential to the proper workings of
our society.
As a last example, I draw your attention to the lines that delineate
this email message. They proclaim that this document has been "PGP
signed". This is a technology that allows you (or anyone else) to
verify with almost certainty that it was I who wrote this letter. This
is a counterpart to anonymity in the on-line universe. Were I the
president, sending an official document, rather than believing the
name I signed or whomever my on-line service claimed to be, you could
independantly verify that that signature belonged to me, and that it
was indeed I who produced the contents of the message. There is no problem with anonymity OR accountability today, both work
perfectly fine, and serve their respective purposes.
Sincerely, - -avi
Avi Baumstein

@_date: 1995-01-30 20:25:15
@_author: avi baumstein 
@_subject: WSJ editorial on anonymity 
The article from the January 26, 1995 Wall Street Journal titled
"Personal Technology" and dealing with the horrors of anonymity can be
found at:
my response and other information regarding the NII can be found at:
