
@_date: 1998-01-20 22:44:05
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Additional Source of Income 
Our Research Has Indicated That The Following
Message Will Be Of Interest To You.
THE HOME WORKERS SURVIVAL GUIDE
    If you plan on finding legitimate work at home, you need this book!
Years of experience and thousands of hours of research have gone into "The Home Workers Survival Guide". There is no better source of information on at-home income opportunities. Use our listings to contact the right companies and you can start to receive weekly checks
up to $1000! Please read on so you can get started right away!
Get Your First Check in as Little as a Week!
     Hi, my name is Brian Crawford, and I have tried just about every work- at-home opportunity out there, from stuffing envelopes to assembling miniatures. Most of them turned out to be nothing more than a waste
of time and money. However, among all the scams and rip-offs, I did
come across many legitimate companies willing to pay for my services.
     I started to think, "Why doesn't someone just keep track of all the honest companies so that no one else would need to get ripped off
when trying to find a decent work-at-home job?" I decided to do just Throw Away That Junk Mail!
     See, the reason most of us encounter problems is because we usually
look for these jobs by responding to junk mail. Let me ask you, when was the last time an employer sent you a job offering in the mail? Probably never!
You had to look for the job yourself, and it is exactly the same with work-at-home positions. The companies are out there, but you need to look for them. That is where my book "The Home Workers Survival Guide" really comes in handy.
Over 200 Companies Waiting to Hear from You!
     In chapter three, you will find page after page of job listings for all
kinds of work. Find something you like, and then contact them at the address listed. You could be on your way to a great paying at-home job for the cost of a stamp. Never send in $20-$30 for a bogus "processing fee" again! Anyone in the U.S. can work- no one is
What Do You Like To Do?
What kind of work are you looking for? It's all here!
-Sewing baby clothing
-Building doll houses
-Crafts of every kind
-Assembling holiday decorations
-Circular Mailing
-Food/game/software testers
-Baking (Yes, get paid to cook!)
-Health products/food/jewelery
-Plus many, many more opportunities
 including distributorships and sales
     All of these opportunities are available to anyone- no experience
is needed. Just contact the listing that interests you and you can
get started right away. These companies offer legitimate work and will be happy to send you full information before you make a decision. Watch Out For Scams!
     Chapter four will let you in on some of the most common work-at
home scams. Make sure you read this. If you come across something
that sounds too good to be true, remember- it probably is. Here are
just two quick examples of information found in this chapter.
1. "Assemble Miniatures" If a company requires a large deposit or
registration fee to get started but promises great pay, be careful. Most legitimate companies will charge only a small fee for the supplies they send you, and wil pay you a reasonable amount as well. After sending
in a large payment, you may find that the company will call your
finished work "inferior" and refuse to pay you. They were only after your registraion fee, and probably never intended on paying you. 2. "Stuff Envelopes" Nobody is going to pay you a dollar or even 50
cents to stuff an envelope. There are machines that can stuff
thousands of envelopes a day for only pennies. What these companies should really tell you is that you will be mailing junk advertisements for them. They expect you to place an ad in your local newspaper offering "Home Workers Needed". You only get the "dollar per envelope" when people actually reply to this ad!
Are They All Bogus?
     Like I said before, there are a lot of dishonest companies out there looking to take your money, but not all of them are like that. We list over 40 companies offering assembly work, from toys to clothes to weaving rattan. Choose the kind of work you like and write to the companies who offer it. Ask them any questions you have BEFORE you send in any money or buy any supplies.      There are also several companies out there that will pay you a substantial commission for mailing their advertisements, and you won't have to pay them anything to be able to do it, just contact them and ask!
     Need Cash Fast?
48 Hours Soon Enough?
     When you get the book, look over the many excellent opportunities.
Each listing includes a brief description of what is offered. Write to the companies you like and request an application form. They have openings right now, and they'll be happy to get you started.       You can begin to make money even faster if you choose one of the programs or plans that the book describes in detail. I'll tell you everything you need to know to get started. By taking a few simple steps, you can already be making money just 48 hours after you receive the book.
How Much Is This Going To Cost Me?
     "The Home Workers Survival Guide" costs just $29.95 plus $3.00
pastage and handling. I'm so sure this book will help you find
legitimate work that I am backing it by an unconditional guarantee. If for ANY reason you do not feel the book helped you earn enough extra income, simply return it for a full refund, including postage and tax. What's better is that this rock-solid guarantee is good for two full months, which allows you to really look it over and check out the      You deserve to feel the joy of getting huge weekly paychecks. Please complete the order form and mail it today. Everything will be rushed to you by first class mail.                                                                                         Sincerely,                                                                                         Brian Crawford
P.S. I've just added some great new information to the book. Some people are already making as much as $3000 a week with a new program that lets them work in the comfort of their own home. It costs nothing to get started and anyone can do it. It's like nothing I have ever seen before, and it is sure to make people a lot of money.
Details will be rushed to you along with your book order.                           Please Print and Mail This Order Form to: cut here
