
@_date: 1994-02-10 19:30:24
@_author: Bryan Ford 
@_subject: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
I recently sent a version of this message to Stanton McCandlish in
response to EFF's call for support on the Cantwell bill; he said you
people would probably be most interested in the idea.  I was planning
to sit quietly for a few weeks, watch the list, and make sure it's
not just old news here before opening my big mouth.  But seeing the
volume of the list I may not last that long, so I'll post now. :-)
It seems like the most effective way to fight Clipper would be to ensure
that by the time the government has a chance to impose any effective controls,
strong public encryption is in wide enough use to make such controls
completely unenforceable.
While encouraging people to always encrypt their E-mail might seem the most
straightforward way to do this, most people just aren't interested enough and
don't see a threat in leaving their mail open, and encryption is still
inconvenient.  An approach introducing encryption into some other aspect
of information transfer, where it is more immediately and obviously useful,
might be more successful in the short term.
One of the most popular uses of the Internet is for distribution of free
software, both in binary and source form.  It would make the lives of many
people much easier if the downloading and installation process could be made
more automatic.  Right now if I want to always have the latest version of GCC
on my Linux box at home, I have to watch the right newsgroup for announcements,
FTP to the right site, download the new version, unzip, untar, and install it
(not to mention compiling it if I get a source code distribution).  This is
not too bad by itself, but it gets inconvenient on a "real" system containing
hundreds of packages to be kept up-to-date, a new version of one coming out
every day or two.
It shouldn't be too difficult to automate this monitoring, downloading, and
installation process, especially for binary distributions that require no
complicated configuration or build sequence.  But suggest this to most anyone,
and they'll immediately get jittery with fear about trojan horses, viruses,
and every other attach known.  This is where encryption technology (specifically,
public-key-based signatures) could come in.  Unlike with E-mail privacy,
where most people don't get a really tangible benefit, in this case encryption
could be a real enabling technology: it would allow people to do what they
couldn't (or wouldn't dare) do before.  If it was done right, in a way that
people can trust, people _would_ use it because it would make their lives
easier, not more complicated.
Before I get into any more detail, I want to hear what you all think
about the general idea, so I'll leave it at that for now.
Bryan Ford	baford	University of Utah, CSS
`finger baford for PGP key and other info.

@_date: 1994-02-12 10:21:09
@_author: Bryan Ford 
@_subject: Re: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
That's actually another reason such a system could be valuable.  If
multiple signatures could be attached to a particular version of a program,
different versions of a program could be distributed simultaneously,
each at a different "stability level".  New versions would start with
only the signature of the author, indicating that the author "thinks it
works."  Then as the alpha testers test the version, they sign it if they
consider it stable.  If "enough" signatures are attached to a particular
alpha test version, it becomes a beta version and released to the much
broaded beta test audience, who then similarly sign it only if they
think it's stable, and finally it might become a release version.
A particular user might configure the downloading/installation system
to accept new versions of the software only after a certain number of
signatures are attached to it.  In addition, the user would probably
specify some number of specific signatures that must be present -
the author's, presumably, possibly other well-known beta testers,
the maintainer of the primary FTP site it's being distributed from,
etc.  Essentially, the "specific signatures" check would be for
security, while the "number of signatures" check would be only to
keep track of the stability of the software.
On the author's (distributor's) side, there might have to be some
additional security provisions to ensure, as much as possible, a
"one tester, one signature" rule, so tons of bogus signatures don't
get accepted and added to the main distribution.  But only the
author/distributor should need to worry about this; normal users/
receivers of the software shouldn't need to be concerned.
The same goes for PGP, anonymous mailers, etc.  Any software system
like this can only command trust as more and more people scrutinize it
and test it and decide it's OK for them.
This is another good application, but I think it suffers from the same
problem as encrypted E-mail messages: as long as it's even a little
less convenient than no encryption, most people just won't care enough
to use it.  The motivation for my suggestion was not so much to
present a neat new idea (in fact, I'm sure the idea is not new at all),
as to present a _strategy_ for achieving other social and political goals.
The strategy I'm proposing is to find a way to make encryption an
_enabling_technology_, not just a mostly-unnecessary inconvenience in
the eyes of ordinary people.
However, with that in consideration, don't let me discourage you from
doing some kind of encrypted terminal program.  In fact, one common
denominator between it and any automated downloading/installation
system would be the necessity of interfacing with existing encryption
systems, probably more than one.  A useful sub-project, whatever the
bigger project(s) turn out to be, might be an easy-to-use, standardized
"encryption interface library" that could be used in other programs
to interface with other encyrption programs and modules.

@_date: 1994-02-16 09:30:15
@_author: Bryan Ford 
@_subject: Re: Magic Money and Remailers 
Is it necessarily the bank's job to worry about this?   Suppose the bank
simply honors the first request from "anyone" to re-mint a coin; after that
the bank only knows about the new coin.  If Jack pays Jill with already-spent
money, Jill's attempt to deposit or re-mint the coin will fail, and it's
Jill's responsibility to find another way to collect the money.  So if
she's smart, she'll make sure she can re-mint the money _before_ closing
the deal.  It's much like checks or credit cards work today: a transaction
is not considered "complete" until it "clears".
