
@_date: 1996-09-21 01:48:14
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: "Confidential" medical databases 
AP, 9/19/96:
Copies of a confidential computer disk containing the names of 4,000 AIDS patients were shipped anonymously to two newspapers by
someone who claimed a [Florida] state health worker had been showing it on his laptop computer to friends outside a gay bar. William B. Calvert III, 35, of Treasure Island, was one of only three state
Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services employees with authorized
access to the confidential information. Calvert was suspended with pay Thursday as the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement and HRS investigated the breach. "This is very serious. We are not aware of any breach of confidentiality of
this magnitude," Jay Coburn of the AIDS Action Council in Washington, D.C. said Thursday.  Nobody knows how many copies of the disk have been made, or who has them. If the allegations prove true, it could be the worst violation of AIDS
confidentiality in history.

@_date: 1996-10-06 00:56:09
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
[pro-gun-control flame deleted]
How do strong, fundamental disagreements get resolved if discussion is not
Granted that CP is not the right forum.

@_date: 1996-10-29 06:23:23
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Nations Bank Visa scam/error 
This may be off topic or then again it may not be.
A friend paid his balance and cancelled his Nations Bank Visa card about 6 months ago.  A couple of days ago, he received a bill from
Nations Bank for a *recent* charge, which the indicated vendor denies My friend has been trying for two days to get through to Nations Bank
on its customer service line, to no avail.  He keeps getting a "due to
heavy calling volume our queue is full" message.
Anybody know who screwed up how?

@_date: 1996-11-04 03:40:57
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: MCI/BT, who gets the taps? 
Long-distance telecommunications carriers have been in bed with
governments since Samuel F. B. Morse strung a line into DC.  Only a modest amount of cynicism is required to think that there are
"wiretap" hooks in the carriers' systems.  When an MCI merges
with a Britsh Telecom, who gets the benefit of the hooks?

@_date: 1996-11-12 04:52:55
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
For starters, don't get them a National ID, um, social security number.
I'm pretty sure that makes it a lot harder to put the dossier, um,
_profile_ together.

@_date: 1996-11-15 23:25:08
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Mirror of new export control regulations 
Looks like a trend.    In his day job, U.S. Army Maj. Ralph Peters is a strategist for the
  White House Drug czar.  In his spare time, he is a best-selling novelist
  - a kind of thinking man's Tom Clancy - whose previous five books have
  sales totaling at least a million copies world-wide.   [...H]is next novel, "Twilight of the Heroes," to be published next
  month (Avon, 464 pages, $6.50), is a sharp critique of the U.S. war
  against drug smuggling from South America.
  [...Peters says] a lot is going right in U.S. drug policy nowadays,
  which he calls "a disaster" before Gen. McCaffrey took over.
  [...] Using fiction, he says, lets him speak to a wider audience: "If I
  had written a clinical study of drug policy, it might have sold 2,000
  copies." [...]
    - WSJ, 11/12/96, review by T.E. Ricks, Pentagon Correspondent
In his day job, by the way, Maj. Peters authors articles arguing for
assassination of drug criminals and such.  Much more efficient than
bothering with evidence, trials, and such nuisances.

@_date: 1996-11-17 18:44:35
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: TRW sells your credit data to British firm 
Assoc. Press 11/14/96:
A British retailer and credit checker said Thursday it was
buying Experian Corp., a former subsidiary of TRW and one of the biggest credit-rating business in the United States, for $1.7 billion. The deal is part of an effort by Great Universal Stores PLC, which owns the
Burberry retail chain and is Britain's largest catalog retailer, to position
itself as a global supplier of credit and marketing information.   [I wonder what recourse I have if GUS gets my credit data wrong?  Or    decides to share it with MI6?  -bd]
Great Universal, known more commonly as GUS, said it would pay $900 million
in cash and borrow the rest of the price for Orange, Calif.-based Experian,
which TRW sold in September. GUS plans to merge Experian into its credit information business, CCN. Experian chairman D. Van Skilling said the two companies have many customers
in common and will be able to provide them easier access to credit information
around the world.    [...]
Experian is one of the largest providers of credit reports on consumers with
information on 93 percent of U.S. households and 12 million businesses.
Experian says its database may be the broadest and most current in the country.
The company also helps businesses identify potential customers. Great Universal entered the credit information business in 1980 and now has
customers throughout Europe and has operations in Asia, South Africa, and the
United States. TRW completed the sale of Experian for $1.01 billion less than two months
ago. An investor group led by Bain Capital Inc. and Thomas H. Lee Co., both of
Boston, bought the company. TRW kept a 16 percent stake in Experian.    [I wonder who the "investor group" is comprised of?  I wonder why TRW would
    sell something for $1B that is apparently valued at $1.7B?  Reminds me of
    the local paper which was sold for $X to an investor group that included     Sen. Howard Baker and  (Pres. candidate) Lamar Alexander.  The investor     group then resold the paper for $2X or $3X.  What business accumen! -bd]

@_date: 1996-11-23 09:13:32
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: (fwd) HOLLAND URGENT! HELP NEEDED! (fwd) 
I don't know anything about the particulars of this plea, but I thought it
nicely illustrated the potential dangers of a national ID card such as we
will soon have.
Hier in Holland, we have been in the past few years regularly
confrontated with the problem of Palestinians whose requests for a stay
permit in Holland have been rejected and who have been ordered to leave
the country, although they cannot go back anywhere. It concerns refugees
who are excluded by the "Oslo Agreements", who fled or were expelled from
the countries where they resided and who do not have a nationality or any
valid papers. We have, for instance, people who used to work for the PLO in
Tunis and who had a stay permit there only as employees of the PLO, but
who cannot go back since they don't work for the PLO anymore, or people
who have been expelled from Kuwait after the Gulf War. It appears that
those people's requests for refugee status or stay permit are always
rejected, after which they get an expulsion order. In some cases, they
are put by the police on a flight to Tunis or elsewhere. When they arrive
at the airport there, they are put on the next flight back to Amsterdam.
Then the police here put them in the street, without any paper. They are
supposed to be "expelled", so that they do not exist in Holland. First
they have to find people who can house them. Then, as they have no
papers, not even an identity card, they cannot work, have no right to
medical help, cannot send their children to school, etc... and totally
depend on the charity of the people who house them and are moreover
threatened to be arrested for having no papers each time they have to go
out (as the police who put them in the street does not even give them a
paper explaining why they have no papers: the policy is clearly to insure
that they have such a bad time in Holland that they will in the end seek
refuge elsewhere).
Some people here, who are actively involved in helping refugees, want to
put a complaint to the European Court of Justice and the Council of Europe.
To do so, we need as much legal information as possible on the "legal"
status of those Palestinians refugees who fall out from the "Oslo
Agreements" and do not have any nationality or resident status anywhere.
So please send me as soon as possible any information, legal texts,
etc... about the official status of Palestinian refugees from Tunisia,
Lebanon, Jordan, Syria, Kuwait, Libya or any other country were they might
have lived. I request those of you who are lawyers to ask their
colleagues who are specialized in international law to give legal
information and their advice about the problem. Our point is to show the
European instances that those Palestinians who have been expelled from
the Arab countries where they once resided have legally nowhere to go
and that it is preposterous to deny their existence and give them the
status of "expelled persons" to countries they cannot enter.
I thank you all very much in advance,
Christine Prat
Christine Prat
POB 16545,  1001 RA  Amsterdam
E-mail: Christine.Prat                     University of Amsterdam

@_date: 1996-12-23 07:39:19
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: ~digicash at Shell 
Shell is now marketing a stored-value card in $25, $50, and $100 face
denominations.  The $100 card retails for $94 right now.  I'm not sure if
that discount will be a long-term thing or if it's just to get people
hooked.  Anyway, the card can be purchased anonymously for cash and can be
used to buy anything at Shell.  I like to use the automated
pay-at-the-pump gizmos to save time but I don't like to leave a digital
footprint behind on my credit card statement for Louis' Legions to peruse,
so I think the stored-value card is a step forward for privacy.
Anybody know if these cards are useable overseas?

@_date: 1996-12-26 21:15:59
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: RUL_let 
An acquaintance of mine moved here from Germany after the war.
She says that, from her family's perspective, the first clear sign
that things were seriously going to hell was that Hitler and his
friends started issuing proclamations, effective almost immediately,
dictating something else you could or could not do.  Later, the
proclamations were made during the night and were effective instantly.

@_date: 1996-12-30 14:32:18
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: ~digicash at Shell 
It appears to be mag-stripe "dumb card," which is used to debit a
centrally mantained but anonymous pre-paid account.

@_date: 1997-01-14 14:58:43
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Mmmm.  I'm told that, on most cellphone calls, a scanner will present both
sides of the conversation on the same frequency.  Usually one side will be
louder.  Perhaps there's some feedback from a party's receiver back into
his transmitter?

@_date: 1997-01-16 13:48:18
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: National Security State has different standards for 'them' and 'us' 
I was distracted a bit but I believe I heard on NPR news this morning that
Colorado Guv. Roy Roemer showed up at an airport sans id and had a moment
of difficulty getting on his flight.  Roemer solved the problem by showing
the Federal Permission-To-Fly checker a picture of himself in a recent
I thought the ill-defined (or ill-described) rules required presentation
of a _government_ picture I.D.  Since when is a newspaper photo a
government picture I.D.?  Some animals are more equal than others.

@_date: 1997-02-11 07:01:48
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
How do you encourage people to use resources more-or-less wisely?
1.  The socialist/nanny model - take charge and give 'em orders
We've tried that and it apparently didn't work out.
2.  The market model - charge people for what they use
A while back, omebody suggested a system which would be self-funding, by
charging people for each post they made.  Maybe we should try it?  If
each little piece of ASCII art cost a poster a buck or two to send, he
might send fewer.  On the other hand, we don't want to discourage
interesting posters, so I think some system to reimburse interesting
posters would be useful.
I'm not the guy to set up the system, but I'll happily buy a modest amount
of "posting tickets."

@_date: 1997-02-11 04:26:59
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
How do you encourage people to use resources more-or-less wisely?
1.  The socialist/nanny model - take charge and give 'em orders
We've tried that and it apparently didn't work out.
2.  The market model - charge people for what they use
A while back, omebody suggested a system which would be self-funding, by
charging people for each post they made.  Maybe we should try it?  If
each little piece of ASCII art cost a poster a buck or two to send, he
might send fewer.  On the other hand, we don't want to discourage
interesting posters, so I think some system to reimburse interesting
posters would be useful.
I'm not the guy to set up the system, but I'll happily buy a modest amount
of "posting tickets."

@_date: 1997-02-23 06:12:24
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Dark Times Ahead 
When I was a kid, we'd just grab a tobacco leaf in the barn and roll it up
in a piece of paper.  Informal cigarettes will always be easy to get.  But
the FDA will have an excuse to start fielding large SWAT teams.
WKEWE EOXEN RILKX OC'QD ,CYEL
VPJVL KRLKC IQ'BM E;SRF U;RVU

@_date: 1997-03-16 09:04:03
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Froomkin in the news 
A Moot-Court dry run of the upcoming CDT hearing by the Supremes was held
Thursday in San Francisco and carried today by C-SPAN2.  None other than our own M. J. Froomkin was one of the mock berobed ones.
His vigorous pro-CDT probing of the ACLU anti-CDT guys was probably good
practice for them, but he sure gave me the impression he really believed
what he was saying.
... Who has resolved to hold his nose and renew his ACLU membership.

@_date: 1997-03-16 09:14:10
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Froomkin in the news II 
A Moot-Court dry run of the upcoming CD_A_ hearing by the Supremes was
held Thursday in San Francisco and carried today by C-SPAN2.  None other than our own M. J. Froomkin was one of the mock berobed ones.
His vigorous pro-CD_A_ probing of the ACLU anti-CD_A_ guys was probably
good practice for them, but he sure gave me the impression he really
believed what he was saying.
... Who has resolved to hold his nose and renew his ACLU membership.

@_date: 1997-03-16 18:49:20
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Arrested for handing out leaflets about the 1st Amendment  (fwd) 
I Was Arrested For Handing Out a Leaflet
about the First Amendment
by Robert Lederman
On March 10th and 11th, 1997 eight members of A.R.T.I.S.T. and I
drove to Washington, D.C. from New York to hand out leaflets about
a Supreme Court case in which we are plaintiffs. Our case involves
the right of artists to sell paintings, sculptures and other works of
fine art on the street without a license, based on freedom of speech.
We'd each been arrested numerous times for selling our art and had
recently won a favorable decision in the 2nd circuit Federal Appeals
Court. Now New York City was appealing that decision to the U.S.
Supreme Court. Legal briefs filed by the City claim that art does not
express ideas and is unworthy of full First Amendment protection.
On the 10th and 11th, thousands of museum directors, arts attorneys,
curators and heads of cultural institutions were in Washington for
Arts Advocacy Day. It was an opportunity to reach influential people
who'd be directly affected by the outcome of our case. We planned to
quietly stand on the public sidewalk outside Art Advocacy Day events
and give out leaflets describing the Supreme Court appeal and the
issue of artists' First Amendment rights. Everywhere we went in D.C. the police said we needed a permit to
hand out even one leaflet and threatened us with arrest. They also
claimed that even if we had a permit we would not be able to hand out
literature in front of the event locations because they were Federal
property. After explaining what we were doing and the subject of the
leaflet, we continued to give out our literature while the police
threatened us with arrest and conferred with supervisors and city
attorneys about handling the situation.
Our literature distribution efforts were successful. By the end of the
two days we'd managed to contact most of the Art Advocacy Day
participants in D.C. We decided to make one final stop in front of the
U.S. Capitol to create a few paintings as a visual statement about free
expression. Many of the art advocates were inside the Capitol
building meeting with members of Congress. While the other artists painted I stood on the public sidewalk in front
of the Capitol with a handful of literature. Everywhere around me
were tourists and elected officials posing with lobbyists from various
corporations and special interests. Before handing out a single leaflet
I was approached by a sergeant from the Capitol Hill Police who
explained that giving out literature was forbidden, but that I could
apply for a permit which, if granted, would give me the right to
demonstrate about 300 feet from the building in an isolated area. I
explained to the officer that I'd be leaving D.C. in an hour, that I was
not demonstrating, and that the First Amendment protected my right
to quietly hand out a leaflet on a public sidewalk without a permit. He
agreed that it probably did but informed me that I'd be arrested if I
In New York City I've been arrested 13 times for selling my paintings
on the street, for making a speech, for protesting and for distributing
literature about artists' rights. Although generally cooperative with
the police and willing to comply with reasonable demands, I draw the
line at being told I can't give away free literature on a public
I explained my position to the officer and to the various Metro D.C.,
Federal undercover and Capitol Hill Police that eventually gathered
around me. Meanwhile, members of Congress and well dressed
lobbyists continued to exchange business cards, pose for photos and
discuss issues on the same sidewalk where I stood with the police. A warning was issued that if I handed out one more leaflet I'd be
arrested. A man wearing an Arts Advocacy pin walked by and asked
what I was giving out. I explained that I couldn't give him a leaflet
without being arrested but that he could take one from the pile in my
hand. When he did I was handcuffed and led to a waiting police car.
Above, a uniformed man with a machine gun watched from the roof.
I was transported and booked into two separate police stations,
repeatedly searched and charged with demonstrating without a permit.
Federal intelligence officers interviewed me to determine if I was a
terrorist. They asked questions about my political agenda, studied my
leaflets and eventually agreed that what I did was probably protected
by the First Amendment. I'll be standing trial in D.C. Superior Court
on June 9th and face a $350 dollar fine and 90 days in jail. All of my
property was returned except the leaflets, which are being held as
evidence of my crime.
After posting bail I was released and returned to the Capitol building
grounds to tell reporters there what had occurred. "Oh well, there's
nothing we can do", one said. "We're constantly being threatened
with arrest here ourselves".
I'll be going back to D.C. in June to stand trial. Meanwhile I'm
looking for an attorney and writing a new leaflet about free speech
and freedom of the press to give out at the Capitol. For information on the street artist Federal lawsuit or A.R.T.I.S.T.
(Artists' Response To Illegal State Tactics) visit the A.R.T.I.S.T.
web page at:
 or
contact Robert Lederman, artistpres (718)
369-2111 or (212) 334-4327 Press kits, photos of this
and other arrests are available.
     Stanton McCandlish
        mech
          Electronic Frontier Foundation
      Program Director

@_date: 1997-03-23 08:09:18
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Interesting Job Offer 
YOUR OFFICE IS THE WORLD
You are interested in the constant changes on the world stage and
you want to become a part of it.  Your workplace becomes this
dynamic world arena when you choose a career as an overseas
Operations Officer with the Central Intelligence Agency.
PUT YOUR TECHNICAL EXPERTISE TO GOOD USE
Right now, we are seeking highly motivated men and women with
degrees in scientific and technical fields.  To qualify, you must
combine proven personal integrity and trustworthiness with
qualifications in:
+ Electrical/Electronic Engineering
+ Computer Science
+ Physics
+ Nuclear Engineering
+ Mathematics
We are particularly interested in individuals with undergraduate
or postgraduate degrees in these disciplines who also have work
experience in telecommunications, satellite communications,
programming, networking, Internet communications or technology-
related R&D efforts.
A UNIQUE CAREER THAT IS NOT FOR EVERYONE
If it's right for you, you'll know it. And you'll know you can't
find it anywhere else.  You must have a strong interest in
international trends and events, in how advanced technologies
impact areas such as international terrorism, narcotics
trafficking, weapons development, world ecology and political
stability.  Apply your technological expertise to support U.S.
security and make a positive difference in our world.
COMBINE ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE WITH STREET SMARTS
It takes more to qualify for this unusual career track than just
technical expertise.  You will be working in multicultural
environments with foreign nationals, so you must be comfortable
and "at home" anywhere in the world.  Excellent written and
verbal communication skills and foreign language proficiency are
essential tools of your trade.  Previous overseas residence or
extensive foreign travel are definite assets.
U.S. citizenship or legal resident status is required.  All
applicants must successfully complete a thorough medical and
psychiatric exam, a polygraph interview and an extensive
background investigation.  The CIA encourages applications from
men and women of every racial and ethnic background from all
parts of the country.
To apply, send your resume, along with a cover letter describing
your interest in working overseas as a CIA Operations Officer. We will respond within 30 days if your application is evaluated
as being of interest.
Central Intelligence Agency
Thomas Benning
Dept. YOW-NN397
P.O. Box 12708
Rosslyn Station
Arlington, VA 22209
The CIA is an equal opportunity employer
CAREERS FOR A CHANGING WORLD
Circle Reader Service No. 57

@_date: 1997-03-30 07:13:48
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: National Citizen-Unit Tracking Database coming soon 
National Citizen Dossier System Being Quietly Set Up
That's what the headlines should be saying, anyway.  Instead
they're saying things like:
     (_Knoxville Journal_, 3/27/97)
     Governor's Budget Includes Money to Set Up Gang-Tracking
     Network
     [...]
     [A]s part of the governor's anti-gang proposals, he's
     proposing to spend $625,000 worth of state and federal money
     to set up a gang-tracking computer database and network.
     Four agents of the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation will be
     assigned to do nothing but gather and maintain information
     about gangs in the state's four regions.
     They will analyze and compile the information on computer
     for dissemination throughout the state, the Southeast, and
     the nation - but not for public use.
     Law enforcement agencies will be able to use it and update
     it.
     Information on the database could include a picture, a
     description, the gang affiliation, criminal convictions,
     crimes that a person is suspected in, and possible
     nicknames.
     [...]
Other press reports have indicated that the database will include
"domestic terrorist groups" and will incorporate a great deal of
additional data, such as a roster of vehicles which should be
given special attention at the now-innumberable roadblocks and
The important thing to note is that - as I understand the
description of the program -  a person does not have to commit a
crime to be included in the database.  They just have to have
contact with a person or group which is already in it.
Didn't somebody named Jospeh McCarthy get himself in trouble over
this kind of thing?

@_date: 1997-04-05 07:20:54
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: RE: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Do you believe such a system exists here?  Anywhere?

@_date: 1997-06-25 19:30:28
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Shell cancels all but $25 pre-paid cards 
About 6 months ago, Shell introduced pre-paid cards in $25, 50 and 100
denominations which could be used to ~anonymously pay for gas at the pump.
Suddenly, Shell has withdrawn all but the nearly-pointless $25 cards.
Security problems?
Complaints from the Freehdom usurpers?
Inquiring minds want to know.

@_date: 1997-06-26 20:13:39
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Another shoe drops 
Raids Against 'Interim' Autonomist Zine In Berlin
     On June 12, 1997, more than 500 police in Berlin carried out
a series of raids aimed at criminalizing the weekly autonomist
publication 'Interim'. State agents searched several houses in the
Berlin districts of Friedrichshain, Neukolln, and Kreuzberg.
Several individuals were charged with various felonies including
"rewarding or supporting illegal actions". Police also raided
several printing presses.
     A successful criminalization of the Interim would, in
practical terms, be much more of a blow to the German radical-left
than the recent state campaign against the underground publication
Radikal, because whereas Radikal has only been sporadically
published over the past few years, Interim has appeared *every
week* since the late 1980s. Published as a forum for discussion
for Berlin's radical-left autonome scene, the magazine has
political relevance all across Germany, as it provides an
anonymous forum for publishing communiques from militant action
groups, mobilizations for demonstrations, and debates on politics
and strategy.
     The following is a translation of a statement issued by
Interim following the recent raids.
"You Can't Ban A Concept"
Statement From Interim Magazine - June 12, 1997
     Interim has been published weekly for nine years. State
surveillance, repression, and investigations have not stopped it
from appearing. The 1995  Verfassungsschutzbericht' [annual report
from Germany's Office to Protect the Constitution] stated that "a
high degree of trust and discipline among the makers of the
magazine" have prevented the authorities from being able to close
it down. But now the powers that be feel they can do just that.
     Therefore, we'd like to say the following:
1. There is no permanent Interim editorial group, nor a fixed
publishing location. The magazine is continually made and put
together by different people.
2. If any papers were found anywhere during the police raids which
also appeared in the Interim, that doesn't mean a thing. The
Interim has a public mailing address, anyone can send us papers or
documents, and as far as we know, it's not a crime to receive
3. The cops dismantled printing presses, confiscated computers and
files, filed charges against individuals. It's ridiculous to think
that this will stop the Interim. Because the Interim is a
communications CONCEPT: uncensored, according to the law,
published according to its own rules in the interest of an
anonymous exchange about theory and praxis of undogmatic left-radical
politics. As long as the ruling powers are bent on
destroying society, a radical resistance movement will be
necessary, and it's not possible for a discussion of this
necessity to take place within the boundaries of the laws of the
powers that be. If Schonbohm [former General, now Interior
Minister in Berlin] tries to stop our communication exchange by
confiscations and arrests, he might just as well try to handcuff a
mountain stream. If forced to operate entirely outside of legal
boundaries, that's what we'll do, and there will always be people
willing to make this communications concept possible and who can
run it and diversify it.
4. We view the raids against part of the Interim's structures at
this point in time as a flanking maneuver in the war which
Schonbohm and Ladowski have declared. At a time when resistance to
their cleansing policies is increasing - inner-city actions,
university congresses, mobilizations by squatters, the homeless,
and immigrants - the state wants to eliminate the forum by which
all these forms of resistance can be linked together.
     Even if we aren't able to continue the discussion about our
politics (our politicians??), one thing is clear: Schonbohm has
declared war, and we will react. Repression breeds revolts. We
promise that the next issue of the Interim will be published on
time, with the theme of how we can go on the offensive against
those who want to cleanse the city [before it becomes Germany's
capital again]. All those who wish to participate in this
discussion will find ways of getting their texts to the Interim.
Interim - Weekly Berlin Info
Interim On The Internet
     In order to do something about the criminalization of the
Interim, Trend Online in Berlin has set up a Solidarity Homepage
for the publication with news about the recent raids, and we at
Arm The Spirit have set up a mirrorsite. This is to be seen as an
expansion of the publication, not a substitute for it. Interim is
a weekly hardcopy publication and plans to stay that way.
Trend Online's Interim Solidarity Page:
Arm The Spirit's Interim Mirror Site:
Arm The Spirit is an autonomist/anti-imperialist information
collective based in Toronto, Canada. Our focus includes a wide variety of material, including political prisoners, national liberation struggles, armed communist resistance, anti-fascism, the fight against patriarchy, and more. We regularly publish our writings, research, and translation materials on our listserv
called ATS-L. For more information, contact:
Arm The Spirit
P.O. Box 6326, Stn. A
Toronto, Ontario
M5W 1P7 Canada
E-mail: ats
WWW: ATS-L Archives: MRTA Solidarity Page: FTP: ftp.etext.org --> /pub/Politics/Arm.The.Spirit

@_date: 1997-08-19 12:52:12
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Tim May in the news 
CBS must be going for the propaganda suck-up award this year.
Following tonight's "Chicago Hope," which dumped an immense wad of
socialist propaganda on us ("Health care is a right!"  "No one should ever
profit off a sick child."), the local news ran a CBS-produced feature
about the internet.  First half showed how cute bunny-rabbit cartoons
can educate your little hothouse genius.  Second half then explained how
there are {gasp} dirty *sex* sites out there that junior could
accidentally stumble across.  Obviously, something *must* be done.
Feature included a representative teen who manfully resists the temptation
to look at the feelthy pictures, 16-year-old Tim May of California.
I'm not making this up.
I wonder if it's an accident or a deliberate middle-finger from the

@_date: 1997-09-10 18:20:28
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Mondex Broken 
The TNO is a Dutch research organization.  Based on this blind man's
view of the elephant, it's sort of like a national lab, but with a more
applied focus.

@_date: 1997-09-29 02:05:10
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: horseman alert 
Sun, 28 Sep 1997 16:48:55 +0300
 citydesk
 snsheadlines
 9/28/97  -  III-116
Table of Contents
HAMAS USING THE INTERNET TO BROADCAST ATTACK INSTRUCTIONS	
...]				****	
 Hamas Using the Internet to Broadcast Attack Instructions  (IINS News Service -Israel-9/28)  According to the Foreign Report Weekly,
the Hamas terror organization is using the Internet to transmit information
pertaining to terror attacks.
The report states the information was confirmed by Israeli security
officials. Hamas is sending maps, pictures and other details pertaining to terror
attacks, using encryption methods. The General Security Service
(GSS/Shin-Bet) believes most of the data is being sent to the Hamas
worldwide center, located in Britain.

@_date: 1997-10-29 21:28:03
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: apropos list talk and our culture 
"Michael Hays" is a new CBS series about a U.S. District Attorney.  Last
night's episode was about how a radio talk-show host incited a listener
to kill a BATF agent and was brought to justice.  DA convinced a jury
that some things were "more important" than the first amendment.
bd

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:24:35
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Patriot Militias, Neo-Conservatives, And Neo-Libertarians (fwd) 
Highpoints from the 80K piece.
A really fine rant
---------- Forwarded message ----------
              A
             AA
           AAAA        The A-Infos News Service
         AA   AA
       AA       AA
     INFOSINFOSINFOS      AAAA       AAAA
 AAAAA      AAAAA
This essay comes from the june issue of The Leveler, a Los Angeles
Anarchist newspaper. ...
Patriot Militias, Neo-Conservatives, And Neo-Libertarians
by Drifter "Bob" for  Press News
1.) ON LIBERTY, MILITIAS AND THE NEW RIGHT
Recently, the long simmering conspiracy theories that have always
existed on the lunatic fringe of the far-right here in America have
been metamorphosing into a variety of surging mass-movements,
organizations, and popular trends, to the great surprise and indeed
alarm of most Americans, especially, of course, those in the center
and left of the political spectrum. The movements associated with this
are growing in influence, power, and militancy, and continue to be
underestimated and misunderstood by the mass-media and the
professional opinion shapers. They may, in fact, reflect general
world-wide trend which could influence the next major series of
transformations of the human condition...
Nowhere can one really find an accurate analysis of these movements in
my opinion, despite the proliferation of simplistic evaluations which
are being bandied about everywhere in the wake of recent events, and I
think it is important for those of us on the far-left, particularly
(small l) libertarians, to try to reach a profound understanding of
the nature of this phenomenon for what it really is. This is true
whether your goal is to fight this thing, to influence it, to benefit
from it's presence, or to anticipate and prepare for it's many
consequences (for anarchists I think there will be many consequences,
both negative and positive).
For about the last year I have been studying the new pseudo libertarian right, spending a lot of time reading about it in both the
mainstream and underground media, and also talking to people who are
on the fringes of some of the constituent movements in various forums
on the internet, and other location in 'cyberspace'. Through the
course of hours of virtual arguments interviews and study, as well as
a few face to face conversations, I have formed some opinions of the
real nature of this thing and of our potential role in its
development, existence and influence. I can also guess at some of the
possible outcomes and influences it will have in the future. Before I
describe my own opinions though, I'd like to analyze the ones you are
probably already aware of.
There are basically 4 current views of this thing which are espoused
by the 4 major players who are interested in it: the Establishment
Right; the Establishment Left; the grassroots right (that is to say,
for the most part the militiamen and 'patriots' themselves, as well as
Nazi's and fascists further out on the fringe...); and the grassroots
or far-left. None of these groups in my opinion has an accurate grasp
of the nature of the movements which have arisen, the agendas or
origins of the body of theory that lie behind them, or especially of
the forces which are driving them and giving them all those ideas and
energy, seemingly out of thin air.
2.) WHAT EVERYBODY ELSE THINKS AND WHY THEY ARE ALL WRONG
The Conservative Perspective
The Establishment Right understands it the best probably, though they
of course are missing the point quite a bit so far, thank goodness. In
their opinion (to use their language) this is a popular cultural and
political counter-revolution against the extremes of social liberation
and the resultant breakdown of society, and a fundamental rejection of
the manipulation of the media and the 'cultural elite'. Basically they
see it as the pendulum getting ready to swing very far over to the
right at a time when people thought it was heading to the left, all
the further and harder because it was so unexpected.
By putting this spin on the situation they have been able to successfully (so successfully in fact that they may have scared themselves.) tap into the stream "anger" and seize a huge amount of
legislative power in the government. By withdrawing the old school
party hacks and presenting more radical, more demagogic new political
candidates who echo some of the buzzwords of the new movement, and by
adopting some issues popular with the grassroots of the right wing,
such as second amendment rights, orthodox Christianity, and various
forms of cultural or racial bigotry, they have managed to seize hold
of the keys to the candy store.
Having been given these keys by the grassroots, the Establishment (or
"Paleo") Right politicians are busy looting it on behalf of their
corporate sponsors, with even more frenetic zeal than you might expect
- as if they were afraid this golden opportunity was nothing but a
dream likely to be snatched out of their greedy hands at any moment.
Their enthusiasm is tempered only by a certain uneasiness about the
powerful and mysterious forces which so suddenly and so unexpectedly
gave them this opportunity, an uncertainty which may prove to be well
founded in the long run.
The Conservative politicians are delighted to pass any number of laws
denying welfare to practicing witches, prohibiting the use of  Soviet
Military vehicles on Interstate Highways, or forbidding members of the
Georgia National Guard from wearing blue helmets and swearing
allegiance to Zionist conspiracies, but eventually their new allies
are going to start wanting some type of action which will lead to an
inevitable conflict of interest. Obviously, any sweeping changes which
will benefit middle and working class  Americans are likely to
adversely effect not just minorities and "special interests" but the
real constituency of the Establishment Right: the Corporate
Plutocracy. When this happens, the shit is going to hit the fan,
because the Paleos won't, of course, be able to move against their
financial backers and the chances are that they won't of course be
able to double-talk the "Patriot" element of their constituency
indefinitely either.
This is the key to the whole thing, which I will explore in more depth
in a minute: some of these people just aren't buying the bullshit
anymore, regardless of how sophisticated or subtle it is - it's not
longer enough, they are going to want concrete improvements in their
lives. If they don't get them, especially when their lives are in fact
made palatably worse as a result of all the Robber-Baron legislative
initiatives sold to them by their friends in the Establishment, they
will turn elsewhere for satisfaction.
The Liberal Perspective
The Establishment Left is even more unprepared and less cognizant of
the nature of this thing. For years the mainstream left has bemoaned
the diminishing levels of popular enthusiasm for or participation in
the "Democratic Process" (i.e. universal suffrage), a fact which they
attribute in a rather elitist manner to the indifference and stupidity
of the electorate in general.
They hold this view in spite of the fact that most of them freely
admit to the rampant ideological stagnation of both parties in the
political system, and to their own personal awareness of the
Machiavellian realities which pull the strings of the power brokers on
the Left as well as the Right.they still expect citizens to
enthusiastically embrace "the lesser of two evils" in spite of the
fact that they know the mainstream left is virtually as bankrupt as
the right.
It never occurred to anyone in the mainstream Establishment, on either
end of the conventional political spectrum, that people were voting by
not voting - that they chose "none of the above" because THEY MEANT
IT, not just because they were trying to be cute. The failure by just
about all politicians other "representatives of the people," such as
the media, to recognize this fact is perhaps due to an unwillingness
on their part to accept the reason for it: many people are beginning
to realize that the current political system is incapable of meeting
their needs, and it is  now starting to look like older techniques of
what Noam Chomsky calls "manufacturing consent" are losing some of
their effectiveness.
Due to their ignorance of and perhaps hostility toward this vast
political, social, and cultural trend, the Establishment Left -
especially the democratic party and the "liberal" elements within the media - have positioned themselves as supporters of the reactionary
opposition to it, on the side of government authority.
One characteristic of this trend is the recognition of a new axis on
the political grid, which may change the shape of political struggle
and ultimately perhaps change the social structures which rule the
world. This new dimension is of course that of liberty versus
authority, which is becoming increasingly important to many ordinary
people, as reflected by some of the strongest new political trends in
the world right now: the libertarian center-right "Northern League"
Party in Italy, which is currently the most important political force
in that country, the left libertarian Zapatista movement in Mexico,
and our own government-fearing right wing "patriots" here in the U.S.,
not to mention various other fairly large left-libertarian anarchist
movements in countries such as Sweden, Denmark, Spain, and Greece.
Adding the libertarians vs. authoritarian axis to the standard 2
dimensional political landscape of the 20th century helps break the
deadlock that ha muddled peoples understanding of political realities
and allowed various governments or other forces to use "lesser of two
evils" rationalizations to support unpalatable agendas. Thus, any
confusion related to such contradictory concepts as the United States
supporting dictatorships in Latin America on the basis that they are
"democratic" due to their opposition to Communism, or from the other
perspective of various "Communist" dictatorships being somehow
revolutionary due to their opposition to Capitalism, can be seen in a
new light: regardless of whether Guatemala is theoretically right-wing
and North Korea is theoretically left-wing, they are both clearly
hellish authoritarian dictatorships which no one in their right mind
would want to live in.
This new distinction is often just as important to regular citizens as
the more traditional economic one (Capitalism vs. Socialism), though
it is normally totally ignored by their political leaders, and they
have finally begun to learn on their own, for some interesting
reasons, that despite the various rationalizations and rhetoric they
are fed to the contrary, the unchecked  growth of State authority in
their own Nation could be as much of a threat as the menace of
Communism or Imperialism from abroad.
The Radical Left
Unfortunately, it looks so far like the majority of organizations and
individuals in the relatively moribund North American left-wing
opposition are no more astute in their reaction to this thing than the
Democratic Party, if anything they are even more enthusiastically
jumping on the LAW AND ORDER bandwagon in their fear of it. This is of
course not entirely without good reason - like many similar populist
trends in the past the current new Right does have some affiliation
with the more rabid Nazi-type groups and political theories.
However, the new movements do not appear to me to be merely a
reincarnation of the John Birch Society. The core of these movements
are not in my opinion highly sympathetic to extreme fascist-type
beliefs, at least not yet, and the size and depth of them probably
preclude simply writing the entire phenomena off as a right-wing
aberration, nor do I believe the grassroots left will greatly benefit
from an alliance with the secret police. After all, gun wielding
citizens militias are not a new thing in this country. They were once
a highly effective tactic of certain progressive groups.
... the "Bullshit Gap."
To put it simply, the increasing ability and desire for rapid lateral
communication through such means as the public mail, the underground
press, telephones, fax machines, short-wave radio, and now the
Internet has enabled large sections of the general public to begin to
form their own conclusions about the nature of reality. Perhaps not
surprisingly, these opinions, derived from direct perceptions of the
world, (i.e. research, and observation of individuals), and reinforced
by comparison with the observations of neighbors and friends, differ
to a large degree from the "official" reality paradigms presented by
the Government, the Media, and all the various corporate, social, and
political entities who wish to shape and guide public opinion for
their own ends.
Waco Wake-up
One of the biggest gaps between the officially recognized worldview
and reality as these people see it is in the realm of increasing
government authority and the threat this poses to democracy.
Regardless of whether you may think this is a valid perception, there
is enough information available (especially recently after the release
of government documents to the general public in the early days of the
Clinton administration) to convince hundreds of thousands, perhaps
millions of Americans that there is an increasing danger. Certain
events such as the Waco Texas debacle have dramatically raised the
alarm of common folks from the level of the theoretical to the real
and visceral, much to the confusion of the media and others.
This actually is a common type of reaction historically. It is the
same kind of event that ended an era of hardcore union-busting when
strikers and their families machine-gunned en-masse in the Ludlow
Massacre, forced prison system reforms after the slaughter at Attica,
changed the public opinion of the Anti-War movement after protesters
were shot at Kent State, threw support behind the civil rights
struggle after numerous lynchings and bombings in the Deep South, and
has caused innumerable riots and insurrections throughout the history
of America. Citizens don't like seeing other citizens get killed, once
that starts, it's time to re-evaluate everything they are being told.
The incident at Waco and a few other eerily similar Government acts
over the last few years caused a lot of people to begin casting about
for a new worldview that would not excuse what they saw as Government
murder and oppression. Many folks encountered the increasingly
libertarian leaning body of right-wing conspiracy theories and
urban/rural legend that was already forming a new and fairly
sophisticated if quirky philosophy in the grassroots. The once narrow,
reactionary, intolerant ideology of the far-right had undergone a
quirky evolution which allowed elements of it to find this niche among
the American psyche.
[This has been] very frustrating to just about all of their
"representatives" in both political arms of the mainstream, each of whom
views reality through differently colored spectacles and sees these things
as signs of progress. The consensus in the media and the establishment
intelligencia is that the common people are invariably motivated by
short-term greed, backward orthodoxy, or other forms of stupidity, and
are completely incapable of understanding the "Big Picture" or
ultimately even acting in their own self-interests. There is a
universal desire on the part of these folks that the ignorant masses
would stop agitating and causing trouble for their betters and let
them engineer these things for their own good.
The American political and social elite envision an ideal type of
citizen which they have represented in the movie Forest Gump: pious,
loyal, patient, and mildly retarded, with a head full of quaint
colloquialisms and little else, devoted to a lifestyle of family
values, hard work, self-sacrifice, and quiet suffering. A
Gump-American would certainly be willing to forfeit control of his
destiny to the economists and technocrats who have the Harvard and
Yale educations needed to understand the issues of the day, and when
necessary they wold be glad to translate the reasons for the various
austerity measures he will have to endure into amusing Gump-dialect,
so that he could explain them to his family.
Part of the electorate has seen through some of the weaknesses in the
rather half-hearted arguments of their leaders, and is beginning to
form it's own opinions. Perhaps more ominously, they have developed a
new cynical outlook which insulates them from some of the manipulative
techniques of the past, thus rendering them virtually immune to that
type of influence, for better or for worse.
Thus the American male of the 1990's is in fact turning out to be a
lot different from the wistful fantasy of Forest Gump. The role model
many seem to be emulating is closer to a character from a Charles
Bronson movie: a suspicious, creepy loner with a borderline psychotic
personality which hints at the potential for sudden violence, and armed to the teeth with the knowledge and the equipment to be
potentially dangerous. Now many of these guys are getting together in
large groups, broadcasting their dark speculations over the short-wave
radio and the Internet, comparing evaluations of the government and
the ruling institutions, and not liking what they are seeing one bit
through their infrared binoculars.
The A-Infos Radio Project:
     ****** A-Infos News Service *****
  News about and of interest to anarchists
Subscribe -> email MAJORDOMO
             with the message SUBSCRIBE A-INFOS
Info      -> Reproduce -> please include this section

@_date: 1997-11-22 22:28:13
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Lewis & Clark liked dogs too [was Re: Alternative Apology] 
According to _From Sea to Shining Sea_, by J. Thom, famous American
explorers William Clark and George Lewis provisioned their trip across the
continent with dog meat.  They even traded with the indians in the
northwest  for dogs so they wouldn't have to eat those yucky salmon.

@_date: 1997-11-28 15:45:38
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: How to spot a hate group [was Re: Update On Jim Bell] 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
 clayton_cramer ("Clayton E. Cramer")
 the American Society of Criminology conference in San Diego
 Wed, 26 Nov 1997 10:35:37 -0800
Well, it was an interesting experience. ...
Professor Joyce Malcolm of Bentley College in Massachusetts
was the chair of the panel on which I sat.  She showed me
something quite disturbing from another presentation that
she had attended.  The paper attempted to determine if the
Montana Militia could be considered a "hate group" or
not.  Among the methods by which they determined this was
examination of the phrases and concerned in Montana Militia
literature.  Among the phrases or subjects that would
classify a group as a "hate group" were:
1. Discussion of the Bill of Rights, especially the
Second Amendment.
2. Discussion of military oppression, in the U.S. or
3. Discussion of the Framers of our government.
She showed me a copy of the criteria used by the criminologists
in question, and these were among the criteria.  I guess
the ACLU and Amnesty Internationl are hate groups also.
Very disturbing.

@_date: 1997-12-15 12:34:05
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part I of II 
Sounds like a good way to sap some of the energy from the cp list.
Thanks for letting us know.
one of the unwashed

@_date: 1998-01-04 01:08:12
@_author: Brad 
@_subject: Which side are you on, brother? 
Watching the DOJ/MS fight is sort of like watching Iraq and Iran fight.
Or Iraq and Kuwait.  I have a hard time working up much enthusiasm for
either side.  What finally knocked me onto {gasp, choke} Gates' side, was the following:
WSJ, p. A16, 12/23/97
 Dole Backing Effort to Slow Microsoft Plan
 Washington - Former Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole has been sending
 letters and calling companies seeking their support in an expanding
 campaign to curb Microsoft Corp.'s entrance into new Internet businesses.
 Mr. Dole is part of a nascent but growing lobbying effort that goes far
 beyond issues raised by the Justice Department's antitrust case against
 Microsoft. ...
 Mr. Dole is representing several companies, including Microsoft computer
 rivals Netscape Communications Corp., and Sun Microsystems Corp., and
 Sabre Group Holdings Inc., a Dallas-based airlines reservation system
 that faces competition from Microsoft. ...
 In a recent letter to one company that has been approached for support,
  "In the coming months, we will need to educate the
 public, the administration, and Congress about the dangers of a
 laissez-faire attitude toward Microsoft.  I am personally convinced that
 if nothing is done now, it will become increasingly difficult to have
 fair competition in the years ahead.  That is why we will need companies
 like yours to help finance and support our efforts.
 Mr. Dole, who was travelling in Bosnia yesterday with President Clinton,
 couldn't be reached for comment. ...
Whenever both heads of the DemoPublican hydra agree, they're circling the
wagons to protect their "vital interests" against the barbarians.  I'm
rooting for the barbarians, no matter how stinky they are.

@_date: 1998-02-20 18:52:28
@_author: Brad 
@_subject: Re: Letting Israel Twist Slowly in the Desert Wind 
It's interesting that there has been much effort recently to return
property stolen in the '30s and '40s by Nazis and communists to the
descendents of the original owners.  For example a Romanian friend
recently got his family farm back.  And then there is the "Swiss/Nazi gold" thing.  But, so far, I haven't heard many calls for refunds and
property returns in the middle east.
On Thu, 19 Feb 1998, it was written:

@_date: 1998-02-20 20:55:39
@_author: Brad 
@_subject: Re: Anthrax--The Horsemen are Riding 
Watching the tube:
Andrea Greenspan just did the standard scare piece about the useful
idiots, Larry Wayne Harris & Co.  Then Kallstrom (thought he was retired!)
appeared, to warn vaguely of the need for more wiretaps and less
One thing you can say for these guys:  they're predictable.
