
@_date: 1994-11-22 15:30:30
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
I think some groups actually do deliberately manipulate language.
Not commenting on the validity of the positions presented but only
the tactic:  it seems clear to me that the entry of the term and
concept of "homophobia" into public discourse has helped manipulate
the debate.
I'm pushing the term "hoplophobia" myself.  ;-)

@_date: 1994-12-16 00:17:03
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Tim May the Luddite--His Last Message for A While 
FWIW, here's to you, Tim, from another Luddite:
I learn and use new tools to the extent I think they make my
life better.  ASCII still looks good to me.
Signal-to-noise ratio on this list has fallen to zero.  Arrogance-to-signal ratio is near infinite.
Brad

@_date: 1995-01-10 23:09:15
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
The 1st says "Congress shall make no law..." and you are right, the
founding fathers meant to leave the states free to do as they pleased.
However, the 14th amendment says "...No state shall make or enforce
any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States...."  This has been used to enforce Bill of Rights
protections against state laws.
Reading my "Citizens Rule Book," provided by a friend,
Brad D.

@_date: 1995-01-16 15:03:29
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Another internet story: INFO: NBC Nightly News Tonight (fwd) 
A story regarding the Internet, with some sort of mention of NRA.org,
should be on the NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw tonight.

@_date: 1995-01-17 12:33:02
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Internet News: NNBC News Story moved to tonight (Tuesday) (fwd) 
A story regarding the Internet, with some sort of mention of NRA.org,
should be on the NBC Nightly News with Tom Brokaw tonight.

@_date: 1995-01-18 18:32:30
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
I'm not familiar with all aspects of this but one thing argues in favor
of hoping this becomes a test case:  Scientologists are probably more out of favor than cypherpunks.

@_date: 1995-02-03 10:24:21
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: THROUGH THE LOOKING GLASS 
There really is a CP thread here.  After you've had one of these experiences, you will not trust
authority any more.
I can't wait for the "good faith" exeception to the 4th amendment
to hit the streets.

@_date: 1995-02-08 19:14:24
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
Yes, it passed.  You can get a copy from thomas.loc.gov.
The Senate still has to pass it (but certainly will).
I think the Senate version is S3.
Brad Dolan

@_date: 1995-02-09 08:49:37
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Senate Version of HR666 (fwd) 
It is still *theoretically* possible to stop the legislative
revocation of the 4th amendment, if you believe we have a representative government.
Brad D.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
    Bostock
    Kidd_Lee.FL51-P03
S54 - the Senate version of HR666 subverts the 4th Amendment!
   I called Sen Mack's (R-FL) DC office this morning for info on S54.  This
bill has been submitted to the Senate Judiciary Committee for consideration.
Hearings for S3-The "New" Crime bill, are scheduled for Fed 15th.  The new
crime bill also has a Exclusionary Evidence section too.  I have appended this
section after S54 below.    No hearings for S54 are scheduled as of yet.  The
aid I talked to didn't know if any hearings on S54 would even occur before it
is passed onto the floor for a vote.  The committe could mark up the bill and
pass it on without hearings.
  Please pass this info onto other groups and reflectors.  We have to get the
word out on this bill. S54 modifies the requirements of the 4th amendment to
          ".....if the search or seizure was undertaken in an objectively           reasonable belief that it was in conformity with the fourth
          amendment."
Given the court rulings allowing traffic stops and searches due to an officer's
descretion, "probably cause", S54 hammers another nail into the 4th Amendment
coffin.  Call your Senators and let them know your thoughts on this bill. There is no time to waste.
FILE s54.is
          S 54 IS
          104th CONGRESS
          1st Session
          To amend title 18 to limit the application of the exclusionary rule.
                           IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES
                                     January 4, 1995
          Mr. Thurmond introduced the following bill; which was read twice               and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
                                         A BILL
          To amend title 18 to limit the application of the exclusionary rule.
            Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the
          United States of America in Congress assembled, That this Act may           be cited as the `Exclusionary Rule Limitation Act of 1995'.
            Sec. 2. (a) Chapter 223 of title 18, United States Code, is
          amended by adding the following two sections:
          `Sec. 3508. Limitation of   the fourth amendment exclusionary rule
            `Evidence which is obtained as a result of a search or seizure
          shall not be excluded in a proceeding in a court of the United
          States on the ground    that the search or seizure was in violation
          of the fourth amendment  to the Constitution of the United States,
          if the search or seizure was undertaken in an objectively           reasonable belief that it was in conformity with the fourth
          amendment. A showing that evidence was obtained pursuant to and
          within the scope of a warrant constitutes prima facie evidence of
          such a reasonable belief, unless the warrant was obtained through
          intentional and material misrepresentation.
          `Sec. 3509. General limitation of the exclusionary rule
            `Except as specifically provided by statute or rule of procedure,
          evidence which is otherwise admissible shall not be excluded in a
          proceeding in a court of the United States on the ground that the
          evidence was obtained in violation of a statute or rule of
          procedure, or of a regulation issued pursuant thereto.'.
            (b) The table of sections of chapter 223 of title 18, United
          States Code, is amended by adding at the end thereof:
          `3508. Limitation of the fourth amendment exclusionary rule.
          `3509. General limitation of the exclusionary rule.
Exclusionary Evidence section in the new crime bill S3:
          SEC. 507. ADMISSIBILITY OF CERTAIN EVIDENCE.
          `Sec. 3502A. Admissibility of evidence obtained by search or seizure
            `(a) Evidence Obtained by Objectively Reasonable Search or
          Seizure: Evidence obtained as a result of a search or seizure that
          is otherwise admissible in a Federal criminal proceeding shall not
          be excluded in a proceeding in a court of the United States on the
          ground that the search or seizure was in violation of the fourth
          amendment to the Constitution.
            `(b) Evidence Not Excludable by Statute or Rule: Evidence shall
          not be excluded in a proceeding in a court of the United States on
          the ground that it was obtained in violation of a statute, an
          administrative rule, or a rule of court procedure unless exclusion
          is expressly authorized by statute or by a rule prescribed by the
          Supreme Court pursuant to chapter 131 of title 28.
            `(c) Rule of Construction: This section shall not be construed to
          require or authorize the exclusion of evidence in any proceeding.'.
                (2) Technical amendment: The chapter analysis for chapter 223
              of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after
              the item for section 3502 the following new item:
          `3502A. Admissibility of evidence obtained by search or seizure.'.
            (c) Illegal Search and Seizure:                 (1) In general: Title 28, United States Code, is amended by
              inserting after chapter 171, the following new chapter:

@_date: 1995-02-10 05:05:09
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: The question is moot: (Was: Not crypto, but scary.) 
I've got a solution that everyone should love:
Let's go ahead and allow illegally obtained evidence - but let's
make it a capital offense for a law-enforcement officer to knowingly violate the 4th amendment.  Strong 4th amendment protection and another wonderful death
penalty all in one!
Brad D.

@_date: 1995-02-11 08:05:24
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Forwarded mail.... 
Linda does a good job but I frankly didn't believe this when I got it.
So I checked.  Unfortunately, this is true.
Herr Klinton has, by executive order, suspended part of the constitution which gives him his powers.  This is not logical, but if he has enough guys with guns backing him up, that doesn't matter.
Good luck to you all.  I may occasionally read my mail but from now
on my efforts are going to be focused on getting moved out of this hellhole before they "seal the borders." (another project of Janet Reno's)
Brad Dolan
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Please excuse any duplication to you.  I have not finished sorting out my
lists and only recently figured out the difference between individuals and
newsgroups (and have not yet gotten the names that are already in
newsgroups).  This was too important to wait on me to finish sorting.
***********************  ALERT   ALERT  ************************
WARRENTLESS SEARCHES CAN NOW BE APPROVED BY FREEH, RENO, DOD, ET.
AL. AND CONDUCTED BY ANY FED AGENCY.  DUE TO THE CRIME BILL, THE FED
AGENCIES ARE NOW ALL OPERATING IN CONSOLIDATED "TASK FORCES."
   THIS EXECUTIVE ORDER ***SPECIFICALLY*** APPLIES TO ANYONE USING
            COMPUTER COMMUNICATIONS TO GATHER INFORMATION
              (SEE THE UNDERLYING LAW AT 50 USC 1801.)
              IT MAY ALSO BE USED TO APPLY TO MILITIAS BY THE
              AMBIGUOUS WORDING IN 50 USC 1801 and PL 103-359
                            THE WHITE HOUSE
                     Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                              February 9, 1995
                           EXECUTIVE ORDER
                            - - - - - - -
               FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE PHYSICAL SEARCHES
       By the authority vested in me as President by the
Constitution and the laws of the United States, including sections
302 and 303 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978
("Act") (50 U.S.C. 1801, et seq.), as amended by Public Law 103-
359, and in order to provide for the authorization of physical
searches for foreign intelligence purposes as set forth in the Act,
it is hereby ordered as follows:
       Section 1.  Pursuant to section 302(a)(1) of the Act, the
Attorney General is authorized to approve physical searches, without
a court order, to acquire foreign intelligence information for
periods of up to one year, if the Attorney General makes the
certifications required by that section.
       Sec. 2.  Pursuant to section 302(b) of the Act, the Attorney
General is authorized to approve applications to the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Court under section 303 of the Act to
obtain orders for physical searches for the purpose of collecting
foreign intelligence information.
       Sec. 3.  Pursuant to section 303(a)(7) of the Act, the
following officials, each of whom is employed in the area of
national security or defense, is designated to make the
certifications required by section 303(a)(7) of the Act in support
of applications to conduct physical searches:
       (a) Secretary of State;
       (b) Secretary of Defense;
       (c) Director of Central Intelligence;
       (d) Director of the Federal Bureau of
           Investigation;
       (e) Deputy Secretary of State;
       (f) Deputy Secretary of Defense; and
       (g) Deputy Director of Central Intelligence.
       None of the above officials, nor anyone officially acting in
that capacity, may exercise the authority to make the above
certifications, unless that official has been appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.
                         WILLIAM J. CLINTON
  THE WHITE HOUSE,
      February 9, 1995.
*  Dr. Linda D. Thompson                  NO JUSTICE, NO PEACE.            *
*  American Justice Federation
*  3850 S. Emerson Avenue, Suite E,  Indianapolis, IN 46203             * *  Telephone: (317) 780-5203      AEN News BBS: (317) 780-5211      *
*  Fax: (317) 780-5209                 Orders (Visa/MC) 1-800-749-9939   *    *  Internet:  Lindat

@_date: 1995-07-12 14:23:28
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
On June 27, Sen. Grassley introduced extensive criminal amendments to the
federal racketeering act.  S. 974, the "Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of
1995," would amend U.S. Code sections 18 USC 1961 (criminal RICO statute),
18 USC 1030A (new section on computer crime), 18 USC 2515, 2516
(wiretapping), and 42 USC 2000aa (Privacy Protection Act).
This proposed legislation is Very Bad. It would make all encryption
software posted to computer networks that are accessible to foreigners
illegal *regardless of whether the NSA has classified the software as a
munition!!!*  Here's the language:
 "Sec. 1030A.  Racketeering-related crimes involving computers
   "(a) It shall be unlawful--
. . .
      "(2) to distribute computer software that encodes or encrypts
    electronic or digital communications to computer networks that the
    person distributing knows, or reasonably should know, is accessible to
    foreign nationals and foreign governments, regardless of whether such
    software has been designated nonexportable."

@_date: 1995-07-13 13:12:18
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: mistake on my part 
Looking for a place that:
(1.) is reasonably free
(2.) permits Americans to work
(3.) a person trained as an engineer can earn enough to feed and shelter
     self and 4 dependents.
Any suggestions?

@_date: 1995-07-19 04:51:23
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Free The World Web Server project.. :) 
The Christian Science Monitor ran an article a week or so ago, reporting
that Congressional mail loads have doubled in the last three years, that it's inconvenient to deal with all that mail, and nobody is paying any attention to their mail any more.
I've never had a meaningful response from any of my (non-) representatives.
Representative government, hah!

@_date: 1995-07-23 17:14:19
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Part VIII: Vince Foster (fwd) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
like Vince Foster, have a Swiss Bank account?  Does he still? Is his name on account number KPFBMMBODE at the Union Bank of Switzerland?  Was that why Caspar Weinberger, Publisher Emeritus at *Forbes*, became so gung-ho to get Jim Norman's article *Fostergate* killed?   Foster?  have to say about all this?  (Is there lipstick all over the Pentagon?)
finest in the world, and we should ALL have Swiss banking accounts. We should ALL have the right to hide our assets from prying eyes.  Just as long, of course, as those assets were fairly earned--and they don't represent payola from public defense projects.  Or proceeds from the sale of *bona fide* national security secrets.  Or payola to keep the knowledge of such sales secret.  paycheck and profits from his investments?
from one of our alleged "allies"?        became Assistant Chief of Staff for Intelligence of the Pacific Fleet in 1973, Director of Naval Intelligence in 1974, Vice Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency in 1976, Director of the National Security Agency in 1977, and Deputy Director of Central Intelligence under Ronald Reagan in 1981.  He left that post in March 1982.  In December 1993 he was nominated by Bill Clinton to be Secretary of Defense.
("Bibliography of Bobby Ray Inman," Office of the Press Secretary, The White House, December 16, 1993.)
as Clinton's Defense Secretary, the Hebrew press devoted a fair amount of space to the implications of that affair for Israel. . . . Most important among these writings were the articles by Amir Oren (*Davar*, January 28) and Yoav Karni, published the same day in the newly founded weekly *Shishi*. . . . Oren's article in particular
stressed the incompatibility between Inman's past policy
recommendations  and Israeli political aims, especially in regard
to nuclear developments. Both authors, who usually are mildly
critical of Israel's policies but never of its nuclear build-up,
were emphatic in their hostility toward Inman. Furthermore, Oren
discussed in depth Pollard and Israeli espionage in the U.S. as
having something to do with Israeli objections to Inman as a
person and to his policy recommendations." (Israel Shahak,
"Involvement of the pro-Israel lobby in the Inman affair,"
Report No. 133, February 11, 1994.) December 31, 1993) spoke of the recent 'courtship' of Israel
by various states, he concluded that 'this courtship has nothing
to do with the peace process . . . When the U.S. is being ruled
by an administration as favorably disposed to Israel as the present
one, conviction spreads in every state that the only way to America's
purse leads via Israel.' "
inspections of the Israeli nuclear production process at Dimona:
feared Inman.  But as the main of those reasons Oren projects the
Israeli expectation that, if appointed the U.S. Defense Secretary,
Inman would be able to put into effect independent American
inspections of Israeli nuclear armaments and their production process in Dimona.  It needs to be recalled that by virtue of a
secret agreement with the U.S. reached during the first year of
John F. Kennedy's term of office as president, the U.S. to this
day receives only such information about Israeli nuclear power
as Israel is pleased to convey.  After the Bay of Pigs fiasco
Kennedy needed the support of the 'Jewish lobby'.  In order to
get it, he okayed this curious agreement." (Israel Shahak)
had been acquired through espionage directed against the U.S. (The
following reference to "Critical Mass" is to a book called *Critical Mass* by William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem.)
Sadeh (January 30), write in their review of the book "Critical
Mass" . . . that 'Israel solicits money from wealthy Jews from all over the world for financing its nuclear weaponry programs. This fundraising drive is directed by a committee comprised of 30 Jewish millionaires'.
 . . . .
to launch its nuclear missiles on some 60 to 80 targets. Those targets
include the sites in the Gulf, the capitals of all Arab states, some nuclear bases on the territory of the former USSR and some sites in Pakistan'. (I am convinced this is accurate.) It means that Israel must very much want to obtain the U.S. satellite information about the entire targeted area, a not so negligible part of the earth's surface. The existence of a so formidable nuclear power in Israel's hands can not be convincingly attributed to its own Research and Development efforts nor even to its role as a tool of American policies. On the contrary, a nuclear power of that magnitude must be presumed to run counter to U.S. imperial interests. The only plausible explanation is that Israel has acquired its nuclear power with at least some help of its 'Jewish friends' in the U.S.  Yehezkeli's and Sadeh's information about 'the nuclear bases on the territory of the former USSR' fits well with what Geoffrey Aronson,
relying on State Department sources, reveals about the Pollard affair ("The Christian Science Monitor", January 27). He writes that according to 'unanimous response' from these sources, what Pollard has been always said to have betrayed, were 'this country's most important secrets', namely the 'information relating to U.S. targeting of Soviet nuclear and military installations and the capabilities and defenses of these sites'. This seems to accord with Israel's global aspirations based on its nuclear power. Aronson also quotes his sources to the effect that much of
intelligence passed on by Pollard 'was unusable to the Israelis except as bargaining chips and leverage against the United States and other countries' interests'.  In view of this fact Aronson conjectures that Pollard's intelligence was used by Israel for deals with Moscow consisting of 'trading nuclear secrets for Soviet Jews'."  (Israel Shahak)
Pollard:  ". . . 'a Navy Intelligence employee, Jonathan Pollard,
was caught red-handed while passing on to Israel precisely this kind of information which Inman had decided to withhold from Israel. . . .  And interpreted likewise as coincidental were the links connecting
Rafi Eitan, then the chief of the 'Office for Scientific Contacts'
(LEKEM), who employed Pollard, with the [Israeli] Defense minister,
Ariel Sharon, who had appointed Eitan and who rushed to Washington
in order to complain against Inman and his orders.'.... Eitan ran
Pollard with the explicit approval of four Defense ministers and Prime Ministers, concretely Arens, Rabin, Shamir and Peres.'"
sell Iraqi oil all over the world, he now oversees the Israeli trade
with Cuba" (Shahak).
world market from one of our alleged "allies"?  personnel who allegedly guard them?      to convince Sarah McClendon, veteran White House journalist, that Jim Norman is a
fruitcake? receive a visit from the Pentagon? Why was Jim Norman's in-progress interview with Jack Christie on the USA Radio Network today (July 23, 1995) interrupted for reasons of "national security"?  If lying is a national security problem, what is Bill Clinton doing
in the White House?
 the Pentagon run by lunatics and thieves?   will answer our prayers."--Henry Miller, *The Time of the Assassins*

@_date: 1995-07-24 20:55:27
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Part IX: Allegations re Vince Foster, the NSA, and Bank Spying (fwd) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
   Allegations Regarding Vince Foster, the NSA, and
July 23, 1995
Gregory Wierzynski
Assistant Staff Director
U.S. House of Representatives
Committee on Banking and Financial Services
2129 Rayburn Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Dear Mr. Wierzynski:
Thank you for email letter, a copy of which is attached.
I am not sure why you think my quoting selections from Mr. Jim Norman necessarily implies endorsement or acceptance of them on my part.  I have, of course, quoted many, many selections from Mr. Norman, so perhaps you could be more specific with respect to the ones you are concerned about.
Perhaps I could be of assistance to your inquiries among the spooks, if only you could describe to me which points you have investigated, and how you have investigated them. I certainly wouldn't want to promote anything that, as you say, "flied in the face of facts."  On the other hand, I am greatly concerned about the use by Alltel Information Services (formerly Systematics) of a libel attorney, Charles O. Morgan, in an attempt to intimidate journalists and destroy the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution.  And I am also gravely concerned about the possible leak of U.S. codes and nuclear secrets to a foreign power, which is an issue of *real* national security concern to the U.S.  (Of course you and I both know that "national security" is often used to hide the truth about sell-outs of national security from the American people, by clamping a lid on the discussion or reporting of things that are common knowledge among U.S. military and security agencies, and even common knowledge to the general public of the foreign power to which these secrets have been compromised.)   Before reading my email, and your letter, I sent you a copy of "Part VIII:  Allegations Regarding Vince Foster, the NSA, and Banking Transactions Spying".  There you will see from the quotes that the theft of U.S. nuclear secrets by Israel is openly discussed in Israeli newspapers, so I am sure that this is not one of the "off-the-wall" issues to which you are referring.  (With respect to that issue, I suggest that you do some investigation in Tel Aviv.)
With respect to money laundering I am not concerned,  for reasons I have indicated in my essay "The End of Ordinary of Money",  Parts I and II,  a copy of which I previously provided the Committee.  The money-laundering laws ought to be abolished, but in the meantime I do find the selective enforcement of these laws troubling.
With respect to "Chuck in Kentucky", I know more than one Chuck in Kentucky,
so perhaps you could be more specific which Chuck you refer to.  What stories did he tell you, and how is it that they didn't pan out?
Since you have already spoken to both Jim and Chuck, I am taking the liberty of sending a copy of this letter (and your letter) to Jim Norman, and to one possible Chuck you may be referring to, so that perhaps they can explain to me their failing to satisfy you as to the accuracy of their information.
Now, Mr. Wierzynski, I would like to bring up an issue about your Committee's behavior that is troubling me.  I am sure that there is an innocent explanation that I am missing. You will recall the meeting that I had with you and Mr. Stephen Ganis, the Counsel to the Committee, at the Four Seasons in Georgetown on Monday, June 12, 1995.  Two days previously I had been playing volleyball in the Mall with Dana Rohrbacher and Jack Wheeler and some others, and I had pulled most of the muscles in my right ankle.  So I asked everyone I was meeting to come over to the hotel, and you and Mr. Ganis graciously consented.  We met in the Four Seasons lounge, where I was the only person not wearing shoes.    You told me that, more than money laundering in Mena, Arkansas, you were interested as to whether there were any documents connecting Vince Foster to Systematics, or whether I knew the name of any Systematics programmers that may have worked to modify the PROMIS software to spy on banking transactions.  I told you I couldn't recall seeing any such documents, and that I had come across the name of one programmer, but I had subsequently forgotten it.  It was a pleasant meeting, so to be helpful I gave you a copy of Jim Norman's *Fostergate* that had been spiked from *Forbes*.  "Why would Steve Forbes kill the article?" you asked.  I said I didn't know, but that--since you appeared to know Steve Forbes--you should call him yourself.
Now, much to my surprise, I find that the following happened:  Just as *Media Bypass* was about to run Jim Norman's article *Fostergate*, they received a letter from Charles O. Morgan, indicating grave consequences if they were so foolish as to print the article. Mr. Morgan claimed to know what was in the article, because, he said, he had received a copy from Mr. Stephen Ganis of your Committee!  I am bothered by the fact that while you alleged to me you were investigating Systematics that at the same time you are passing along information to Systematics.  I am sure there is an innocent explanation.  But consider this:  what if I had given you Foster-related documents and the names of Systematics programmers?  Would these have been passed along to Mr. Morgan also?  As you know, a number of people connected to this whole business have died violent deaths in Arkansas.  (Of course, I understand some of them had already been paid off to keep their mouths shut, and didn't, and so--under any standard of morality--deserved what they got.)  Well, things are never what they appear, so perhaps you can clear things up for me. Please pass along my concern to Mr. Ganis, and tell him I will be glad to sit down with him and have a drink, or share a line, and have a frank discussion about this issue. (I have nothing against the use of any drug, if used in moderation, and in the appropriate context.) Attachment:  Your letter to me

@_date: 1995-07-24 22:13:29
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Part IX: Allegations re Vince Foster, the NSA, and Bank Spying (fwd) 
I found Grabbe's essay sufficiently interesting to forward, but all I
did was forward it.  If you have questions, you will do better to address them to: kalliste

@_date: 1995-07-28 14:27:15
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: <plonk> now!  Grabbe, X, re. Foster, NSA, BCCI, etc. 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
********************************************************************* *
* I received a call from Mr. Stephen Ganis, counsel to the House      *
* Committee on Banking and Financial Services, who assures me that    *
* he did NOT provide Jim Norman's article to Mr. Charles O. Morgan,   *
* attorney for Alltel Information Services, but rather called Mr.     *
* Morgan *after* the *Media Bypass* article had appeared, to get      *
* Morgan's side of things.  Mr. Morgan was apparently not aware       *
* that the article had been published, and that was the only          *
* information he received from Mr. Ganis.  Mr. Ganis assures me       *
* that his group is NOT passing any information to Alltel, but is     *
* in fact carefully keeping all sources and information confidential. *                                                    *
       What do nuclear weapons, money laundering, covert operations, money management, clandestine payments of payola and kickbacks, and the systematic monitoring of bank loans and bank wire transfers have in common?        The answer begins with BCCI: the Bank of Credit and Commerce International. BCCI connects the Israeli bomb to the Pakistani bomb to suppliers of banking software like Systematics, and to a very dead money launderer named Vince Foster.         Don't misunderstand the latter statement: I believe we should all have the right to "launder" money. The money-laundering laws are a frightening, Big-Brotherly intrusion into financial privacy (see J. Orlin Grabbe, "The End of Ordinary Money, Part II: Money Laundering, Electronic Cash, and Cryptological Anonymity").        But why is there one standard of legislated "morality" that applies, say, to a LEADING OFFICIAL OF THE FEDERAL RESERVE SYSTEM, and another standard that applies to everyone else?         In 1972 Pakistani banks were nationalized by President Bhutto. One   of these banks was United Bank, whose president was Agha Hasan Abedi.           Abedi subsequently joined with Sheik Zayad, ruler of Abu Dhabi and patron
of the PLO, to found BCCI.  To prevent nationalization, BCCI was chartered in Luxembourg.  In 1975 it split into two entities, one remaining in Luxembourg and the other established in the Cayman Islands.  The Cayman Islands part became a "bank within a bank."  While the legal registration  was in Luxembourg and the Cayman Islands, the actual operational head-
quarters was moved to London.
       In 1976 John Heimann, New York superintendent of banking, turned down BCCI's attempt to buy Chelsea National Bank in New York.  (Shareholders in the bank included former Mayor Robert Wagner and the Finley, Kumble law firm.)  The actual purchase attempt was made by one of the Gokal brothers
of shipping fame, Abbas Gokal, using a loan from his sister.  Banking
experience was to be provided by BCCI, but Heimann refused to approve the
purchase, despite several meetings with Abedi.  Abedi realized that BCCI
would not be able to enter the U.S. market under its own name.
Washington D.C.-based bank with headquarters a block from the White House.  The bank had been acquired in April 1977 by an investor group lead by William Middendorf II, who was Secretary of the Navy under Nixon and Ford.  One member of the investor group was Jackson Stephens.  Stephens then send salemen from his Little Rock firm *Systematics* to talk to Middendorf about providing banking software for Financial General, but they were firmly rejected.  Stephens decided to wrest control of the bank from Middendorf.
       Jackson Stephens is a billionaire from Little Rock who owns the controlling interest in Worthen National Bank as well as in Stephens Inc., one of the largest privately owned investment banks outside Wall Street. In November 1977, he introduced BCCI-founder Abedi to Bert Lance, Carter's Director of the Office of Management and Budget, whom Stephens had met through Jimmy Carter, his old roommate from Naval Academy days. (Lance and Stephens, two Southern Baptists, had hit it off.)  Lance also knew the people at Financial General, for it was Financial General that had sold to Lance controlling interest in the National Bank of Georgia in 1975.        Abedi in turn introduced Lance to Stanford-and-Harvard-(and Colorado School of Mines)-educated Ghaith Pharaon.  Pharaon proceeded to acquire the stock of Bert Lance's National Bank of Georgia, a deal consummated on January 5, 1978, a day after Lance's $3.4 million loan from the First National Bank of Chicago was repaid by BCCI London.  Pharaon was apparently acting on behalf of Abedi in the acquisition, at least in part.
       By then Lance had left the Carter administration, and he and Jackson Stephens joined together to help BCCI take over Financial General.  A Financial General lawsuit filed on February 17 named "Bert Lance, Bank of Credit & Commerce International, Agha Hasan Abedi, Eugene J. Metzger, Jackson Stephens, Stephens Inc., Systematics Inc. and John Does numbers 1 through 25." Systematics was represented by C.J. Giroir, Webster Hubbell, and Hillary Rodham Clinton of the Rose Law Firm of Little Rock:
       This BCCI-Lance-Stephens-Systematics-Hubbell-Clinton connection will continue to reappear in our story.        connection with the stockholder civil suit, and turned up a mysterious loan:
       Bert Lance had approached Financial General on behalf of BCCI London with a bid for control of the bank. Lance was also was responsible for introducing BCCI founder Abedi to Jimmy Carter, and for bringing Clark Clifford in on the take-over attempt. Ghaith Pharaon was another investor in the deal.          Also involved in the successful BCCI takeover were Clark Clifford (the former Defense Secretary under Johnson and lawyer for BCCI), Robert Altman (attorney for Bert Lance and Clifford's partner), and Kamal Adham (the former head of Saudi Arabian intelligence who was King Faisal's most trusted advisor, and whose half-sister Iffat was King Faisal's favorite wife).  Kamal Adham and Ghaith Pharaon had built the Hyatt hotel in Riyad, and Adham had originally introduced Pharaon to Abedi.  owned KIFCO, the Kuwaiti International Finance Company (James Ring Adams & Douglas Frantz, *A Full Service Bank: How BCCI Stole Billions Around the World*, Pocket Books, 1992, p. 52).
       In a lawsuit filed March 18, 1978, the Securities and Exchange Commission charged Lance with violations of federal security laws, and
BCCI's application to purchase Financial General Bankshares was denied.  Abedi then formed a new takeover vehicle, Credit and Commerce American
Holdings (CCAH), based in the Netherlands Antilles.  The largest investor  in CCAH was Kamal Adham, who put up $13 million of his own money  On October 19, 1978, CCAH filed for approval with the Federal Reserve to purchase Financial General.  This application was dismissed on February 16, 1979, due to opposition from Financial General's Maryland subsidiary, but a new application was submitted later.
1982, and BCCI renamed the bank "First American" three months later. Clark Clifford was made chairman and Robert Altman president.  The head of Bank Supervision at the Federal Reserve when BCCI's purchase was approved was Jack Ryan, who later became head of the Resolution Trust Corporation, in which role he denied Rep. Leach's requests for documents related to Madison Guaranty, the Whitewater thrift.        What was the point of BCCI's takeover of First American? " 'They wanted an important stake across the street from the White House,' says one Washington banking executive, adding, 'Some people might think it is important to know about the outstanding loans and balances of Government officials'" (*Time*).
       Abedi used his new-found connections to Jimmy Carter to publicize
BCCI to heads of state around the world.  Abedi made his personal 727 jet available to Carter, and accompanied the former President to Thailand,
Tibet, Hong Kong, and the Soviet Union, among other places.  Carter
introduced Abedi to many heads of state, from Den Xiaoping in China to
James Callahan in the U.K.  Abedi donated a half million dollars to
establish the Carter presidential library, and a public policy institute
at Emory university.
       In the meantime BCCI founder Abedi was committed to the development of an *Islamic atomic bomb*, even donating 500 million rupees for the creation of Pakistan's Gulam Ishaq Research Institute for nuclear development.        BCCI was in some sense seen by Abedi as the financial competitor to the "committee of 30" that worked on behalf of Israel. (According to Israeli correspondents Tzadok Yehezkeli and Danny Sadeh: "Israel solicits money from wealthy Jews from all over the world for financing its nuclear weaponry programs.  This fundraising drive is directed by a committee comprised of 30 Jewish millionaires" [review of book *Critical Mass* in *Yediot Ahronot*, January 30, 1994].)
       But while BCCI founder Abedi had intended BCCI to finance the development of a Pakistani nuclear bomb, this effort was compromised at the start by the presence of Kamal Adham, who through CCAH was the controlling power behind First American, and who had asked Clark Clifford to head up the bank. For Adham was both a CIA and a Mossad asset. Adham, in addition to being Faisal's most trusted advisor and the former head of Saudi intelligence, had attended CIA training school with the head of the Mossad.  nuclear bomb met with repeated compromises, such as the following:
a ready target for the tenacles of the NSA.  When Norman Bailey at the National Security Council urged NSA to "follow the money" as part of the "wars" on terrorism and drugs, the NSA had BCCI as one obvious banking target.  The CIA was there also to assist in the monitoring of BCCI-related money flows of other intelligence and criminal enterprises. For BCCI had become a giant laundry machine, and the CIA made use of BCCI for their own covert money transfers.  U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency in 1959, who went on the CIA payroll in
1967, and who became head of Panamanian military intelligence in 1968,
where he was in a strategic position to supply both information and drugs
to the United States, and later on arms to the contras in an operation
based in Panama, Mexico, and Mena, Arkansas.  CIA money was paid to
Noriega through the Panamanian branch of BCCI.  The CIA and U.S. Army
only acknowledge paying Noreiga $322,226 between 1955 and 1986 (*The
New York Times*, January 19, 1991).  Be that as it may, Noriega deposited $33 million in his account (under the name of the Panamanian Defense Forces) at the Panamanian branch of BCCI. The head of this branch was the son of a former director of intelligence in Pakistan.
to the Afghan rebels, and Pakistani officials used the same bank to
launder heroin profits.  The finance minister of Pakistan, Sarti Asis,
confirms that the bank did launder CIA contributions to the Afghan
rebels, but claims it was "not even handling 1 percent of total drug
money" (*Financial Times*, July 25, 1991).
had much earlier gotten into trouble with the State Department because of
his drug dealing.  But this changed when his support was needed in
the negotiations for a new Panama Canal Treaty.
the fact that Panama served as the listening post to much of South America.
flew money, drugs, and arms out of Mena, Arkansas, acquired his job through George Bush.  After Seal was indicted in Ft.Lauderdale, Florida, in 1983 for a shipment of 200,000 Quaaludes, he tried in vain to make a deal with the DEA.  He found a more sympathetic audience in the Vice President:  ". . . in March 1984, while out of jail on an appeal bond, 'Seal flew his Lear jet to Washington and telephones Vice President Bush's office'; and he spoke on the street to staff members of the vice president's South Florida Task Force" (Scott and Marshall).
yard?  Well, among other things, Stephens and his Worthen National Bank invested in Harken Energy, a Texas company in which George Bush, Jr., was a board member.  "The money Stephens invested came through the Swiss BCCI subsidiary" (Rachel Ehrenfeld).
Cord Meyer has privately confided to a friend of mine (to whom Meyer has
no reason to lie) that he recruited Clinton through the London station
while Clinton was a student in England.  This Clinton was hardly ignorant of CIA activity or devoid of CIA contact.
acquired from Bert Lance by Pharaon. Another BCCI-First American connection
was Robert Gray, a First American director, and head of the Washington office of the public relations firm Hill & Knowlton.  Gray represented
BCCI and did favors for Caspar Weinberger, among others.
the staged melodrama in the House Human Rights Caucus.  The production
starred the tearful "Nayirah"--in fact daugher of the Kuwaiti Ambassador to the U.S. She told of Iraqi soldiers taking babies out of incubators and leaving them on the cold floor to die. (Someone later alleged that her follow-up story about Iraqi soldiers roasting Belgian babies, using bayonets as spits, had to be dropped when it was discovered that there were in fact no Belgians in the Middle East.) George Bush was to repeat this concocted story a dozen times in the next few days, in the process of whipping up war fever against his old business associate, Saddam Hussein.
with others, on July 5, 1991. When BCCI closed, many of its money-management, money-laundering, and monetary-intelligence duties were transferred to
FinCEN, a newly created unit of the U.S. Treasury.  Stephens, been extended to Robert Dole.  Jackson Stephens (along with Tyson) has recently thrown his support behind the Dole campaign.  In this regard it is perhaps useful to note that:
weapon construction, Israel's nuclear warfare system had thrived.  Parts
of this system included the national military command center, the Bor,
located beneath Tel Aviv; the subterranean strategic air command post on the edge of the Negev at Nevatim Air Base; the nuclear fuel reactor at  Dimona; the nuclear weapons laboratories at Nahal Soreq; the missile test range at Yavne; the underground factory at Be'er Yaakov where the
Jericho long-range missiles are manufactured; the nuclear weapons
design lab (Division 20) and missile design development lab (Division
48) and weapons assembly plant at Rafael; the nuclear weapons bunkers in the Negev at Tel Nof Air Base; and the Jericho missiles in bunkers west of Zekharyeh in the Judean hills.
Black Squadrons and ultimately to intercontinental ballistic missiles,
Israel become the first Third World country to post a strategic threat to
a superpower.  That development was not lost on the Kremlin.  Following
the test in September 1989 of an advanced Jericho-2 ballistic missile,
whose range covered the oil fields at Baku and could possibly reach the
port of Odessa as well, a Soviet Foreign Ministry spokesman said that 'Israel is known to possess a technological basis necessary for the creation
of nuclear weapons.  The availability of delivery systems makes Israel
a source of danger, far exceeding the boundaries of the Middle East
region'" (William E. Burrows and Robert Windrem, *Critical Mass*, Simon
& Schuster, 1994).
it was a simple matter of collecting donations. "In 1960, a Committee of Thirty (Jewish millionaires) was asked to quietly raise funds for the nuclear weapons project.  It collected $40 million for the construction of the reactor and the adjoining, fabulously expensive, underground plutonium separation plant at Dimona" (Burrows and Windrem).
Noriega-Mena connection to drug smuggling was matched by an similar Israeli connection to arms and drug dealing and money laundering. Anything went in the holy crusade to built the bomb and the associated missile delivery systems.  Just as the pension funds controlled by Robert Maxwell were looted to pay for Mossad operations in Europe (Victor Ostrovsky, *The Other Side of Deception*, HarperCollins, 1994, p. 203), so were American S&Ls in effect looted (or burdened with debt) by the financial machinations of the "Committee of Thirty" to help generate the vast funds needed to maintain and expand Israel's defense industry.  Some of these funds found their way into offshore accounts held by U.S. politicians and defense personnel as bribes, kickbacks, "campaign" contributions, and payment for stolen secrets.
follows from the fact his closest confidant and advisor was Michael Harari, formerly number three man in the Mossad, who specialized in assassination.  Harari had fouled-up a case and had the wrong man killed, and was transferred to Mexico where he became station chief for Latin America.  After allegedly retiring, Harari went to Panama as a security advisor to Noreiga, where he trained UESAT, Noriega's elite personnal bodyguards.  During the U.S. invasion of Panama, the U.S. helped Harari escape back to Israel.
and Marshall relate, in a long footnote:
us back to BCCI and a body in Virginia.  The death of investigative reporter Danny Casolaro was, like that of Vince Foster, alleged to be "suicide" in the face of all contrary evidence.  Three days before his murder at the
hands of hut-dwelling wackos, Casolaro showed a friend some checks drawn on BCCI:

@_date: 1995-08-10 22:31:05
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Clinton to resign? 
Associated Press reported on August 10, 1995:
President Won't Resign But...
President Clinton wasn't about to give a serious answer when he was asked Thursday if he might resign. The question came from veteran columnist Sarah McClendon, who asserted that some legislators from the left and right were trying to push him out of office.
"Well, if you promise to run off with me I might," Clinton responded,
... "But otherwise, I can't think of any reason." - - - - - - - - - -
Repeat after me:
There's nothing to those crazy conspiracy theories.
There's nothing to those crazy conspiracy theories.....

@_date: 1995-08-16 18:33:35
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: genetic software patents (fwd) 
Sometime ago, I reported on a recent discovery of how gene sequences
can be used for mathematical optimization calculations.  The method,
developed by Leonard Adelman (the "A" of RSA) provided a way of solving
the Traveling Salesman Problem using gene sequences (interestingly, the
paper by Hopfield that kicked off the neural network revival also solved
the TSP).  Computable genes blurs even more hardware and software (along
with hardware/software codesign tools), but has yet to sink into PTO
statutory and prior art thinking.
    In any event, the August 1995 issue of Dr. Dobb's Journal, page 127,
has a nicely illustrated article titled "Biochemical techniques take on
combinatorial problems".  If you or your clients are interested in this
new form of computing, get a copy of the article.  Adelman's original paper
titled "Molecular Computation of Solutions to Combinatorial Problems" and
was in the November 11, 1994 issue of Science.
    While you are at it, get a copy of an article that appeared in the
July 27, 1995 issue of Nature, page 307, titled "Protein molecules as
computational elements in living cells".  It starts out "Many proteins in
living cells appear to have as their primary function the transfer and
processing of information, rather than chemical transformation of metabolic
intermediates or the building of cellular structures".  Yet one more blur
or "hardware" and "software".  Geneware?
    A final article to get is "Circuit simulation of genetic networks",
appearing in the August 4, 1995 issue of Science, page 650.  It proposes
to simulate genetic networks (such as the bacteriophage lambda lysislysogeny
decision circuit) using the tools found in hardware/software codesign tools.
With VHDL as a digital circuit language, and AHDL as a analog circuit language,
are we going to need GHDL as a genetic circuit language?
    It is not hard to imagine in the future some VHDL code being mapped into
software with standard translators, into hardware using cell libraries, and
into gene sequences using sequence libraries interface to EDA design tools.
Properly structured sets of claims under the Doctrine of Equivalents could
claim coverage in all types of domains (in fact, the claims could be generated
by the design tool itself using a "cell" library of claim clauses).
Alternatively entire libraries of medical journals suddenly become potential
software/hardware prior art.
     While practical use of the gene technique is years off, it does raise
the issue of how the PTO is going to handle the prior art aspects, when
gene technology now becomes software and hardware prior art (as soon as, if
ever, the PTO first solves the software-software prior art problem, and then
the software/hardware codesign prior art problem).  Scientists are blurring
the lines of computing much faster than the PTO can respond; for example, the
proposed software patent guidelines reflect none of the above developments.
     Together these three papers represent the cutting cutting edge of issues
that will be affecting the patenting world in the years to come. Read them
now to get a jump.

@_date: 1995-08-19 18:11:31
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Spooks and Hackers, etc. 
According to an AP story, Wisconsin Attorney General James Doyle says that
police must monitor the Internet to stop child porn, drug trafficking, and
"We need to see that police are surfing the Internet just as other people
are," Doyle said. "This is a good example of where the law is slower than
Doyle made his comments in a speech to the Wisconsin Chiefs of Police
Association Conference.

@_date: 1995-08-20 10:03:33
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: MSN hackers heaven (fwd) 
As most of us are aware, the commercial online services, such as AOL,
Compuserve and Prodigy, represent certain risk to the unsophisticated user.
Unfortunately, the Microsoft Network (MSN) raises the vulnerability of such
users to unprecedented heights.
Key to this vulnerability is the richness and complexity of the MSN/Windows
95 environment.  What is most dangerous is the ability for the author of an
e-mail or (certain) BBS documents to embed "objects" in that document. These
objects can be readily disquised to appear totally benign to the casual user
and be nothing more than MSN navigational aids.  Once double-clicked by the
recipient, these objects can readily infect the recipient's PC with a virus.
Worse, what this object could do is only limited by one's imagination.  It
is worthwhile noting that MSN appears to be migrating to an open
architecture, with the MSN user connecting through the Internet.  If this is
true, there is nothing which prevents an object, once activated, from
transmitting information stored on the user's PC to any other location on
the Internet.
In theory, embedded objects can be interrogated to ensure their validity.
Unfortunately, this interrogation process is not likely to be carried out by
the average user.  Even if it is, the user is not likely to understand what
they are looking at.  It is like warning automobile drivers to look under
the hood of their car before starting it to make sure there is not a bomb
inside.  Most drivers would assume that the odds were with them.  Those that
did check would have no idea what they were looking at.  (At least that's my
feeling when I look under the hood of my car :-).
Microsoft's position appears to be that the MSN user is no more vulnerable
than one who uses a competing system.  I would maintain that this position
is just not true.  With system complexity comes excessive vulnerability.
MSN rates a 9 in complexity.  The other services a 4.
The bottom line: Users of MSN are placing themselves at significant risk.
If one must use MSN, avoid at all cost activating (double-clicking) objects
in e-mail messages and BBS posts.  Sophisticated users may think they know
what they are doing, but it probably won't be long before they are outwitted
by someone who figures out how to totally disguise an object's true purpose.

@_date: 1995-08-20 21:40:54
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Basically F-C-ed 
I don't find it too hard to believe that the Dutch would make a test like this.  Security at Schipol can be pretty intense.  I find it a little harder to believe that they would goof and let the bomb-oid get away, but mistakes happen.  What I find difficult to swallow is that they would *tear* the man's luggage to insert the article.
In my experience, the Dutch are almost obsessively careful in taking care of their own property and that of others.

@_date: 1995-08-29 14:01:51
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits and a Hello 
And somebody, Science Applications International Corp. I think, is designing an in-car fingerprint reader / database query-er for cops.  So they can check your bona fides on the road sides.

@_date: 1995-09-06 14:18:30
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: booby-traps, crypto, guns, and tea 
King George didn't like us owning guns either.  I'm pleased my ancestors had a difference of opinion with him concerning this and a few other things.
Brad

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:05:26
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Hacking banking (fwd) 
An interesting article appeared on Page B1 of the 9/7/95 San
Francisco Examiner.  Titled "Keystroke Cops," it discusses the FBI's
new cyberswat team.  In the midst of a routine discussion of whether
law enforcement needs to keep up with cyberspace criminals, the
following intriguing quote appeared.
"Already, Fuentes said, federal authorities in New York are
investigating whether programmers hired to write software for a
financial institution may have left a 'back door' open in the
program, one through which money may have been diverted to foreign
bank accounts."
Does anyone know what this federal investigation in New York is
about?   How about copying this note around and seeing what people
can find out?
David Wiesner
My pleasure, Dave.

@_date: 1995-09-18 14:54:39
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Code of Law ["Noise"] 
There has been much handwringing today over some poor guys out west
who have been  holding their own "common law courts,"  along with wonderment that they lack faith in the American justice system.
In the last year we've seen in the national news:
* FBI and BATF murdering, lying, & tampering with evidence. (Waco/ Ruby   Ridge hearings / WTC bombing trial /etc.)
* Cops confiscating cash from citizens in Atlanta, and pocketing it.
* Cops fabricating evidence wholesale in Philadelphia.
* Cops admitting to beating people in LA.
* Cops from NYC having drunken riots in D.C.
* Cops from around D.C. beating a suspect - later found to be   innocent - until he was comatose.
* Cops having a shootout - among themselves - in AZ.
* Cops raping and murdering in New Orleans.
In several of these cases, little or no punishment resulted.
A couple of local incidents, in Knoxville, TN:
* Several months ago, the local paper (Knoxville News-Sentinel) revealed that jailers at the city/county jail are in the habit of  hanging prisoners by their wrists until their hands turn black.  Those that are really disfavored are also forced to wear a vomit-filled hood.  To my knowledge, no one has yet been has been taken to task for this.
* Knox medical examiner Randall Pedigo was found to be drugging and
raping young boys.  He pulled a gun on the cops and was shot.  After recovering, he was allowed to plead guilty in return for a 1-year sentence
at the penal farm.
The mayor of Knoxville, Victor Ashe, is active in the U.S. Conference of Mayors and has served as a spokesman for the organization.  Presumably,
he and they are untroubled by events like the above.  I can't recall him -
or them - so much as expressing concern.
The "angry white men" have just figured out what the angry black men have known for a long time:  that the "justice system" in the US is a tool
used by some to impose their will on others.  It has little if anything to do with justice.
Is this radical right-wing rhetoric or is it Marxist?  Or is it just a statement of fact?
What percentage of the population can think this way without the jury system failing?  What percentage does think this way?  Is that why we're hearing calls for the abolition of the jury system?
Tenuous crypto tie:  Why would anyone trust these guys to hold our escrowed keys?

@_date: 1995-09-18 21:08:22
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Hurricane Luis in Anguilla / Cellphone Antenna 
Assuming your cellphone operates in the 800 MHz range, transmitting with about 1 W., I think you're out of luck.
With UHF and particularly at low power levels, you just about have to be line-of-sight to the receiving antenna. Guessing how high up your antenna might be and how high the receiving antenna could be, I would say you would be lucky to achieve a range of 20 miles.  I'd be astonished at anything over 50.

@_date: 1995-09-21 14:59:27
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Crypto *import* ban? 
What exactly does a ban on import of "defense articles and services" which are not in "furtherance of world peace" mean?
Could you ban crypto imports?  Imports of chopped liver?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Here is a final rule issued by ATF regarding the import of "defense articles"
into the United States.  It appears in the Federal Register at 60 FR 47866
(9/15/950).  This becomes a regulation in the Code of Federal Regulations,
Title 27 CFR, part 47, Importation of Arms.
        It also applies when an import would not be in furtherance of
        world peace and the security and foreign policy of the United
        States.

@_date: 1995-09-26 05:01:08
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Suspicious Action Reports 
And as for FinCEN, it has recently become the repository for the new SAR's
(Suspcious action reports) to be filed by all banking entities and replacing
the multiple paperwork forms and sites, as stated in the Federal Register.
One thing I noted was the expansion of surveillance responsibility for
banks and other financial transaction organizations.  And whether new or not,
I experienced horror upon reading that financial institutions are supposed
to file a SAR for any suspicious activity, as perceived by the bank, and
is prohibited from disclosing the fact of the SAR to the subject and required
to make financial transaction records, which must be retained for ten years,
available to law enforcement "upon request" - a description which is lacking
a search warrant.
The regulations in the FR, identical for all institutions, actually discussed
bankers and related organizations as entering into "partnerships" with the
federal gestapo in naming names.
Names, that is, of people and monetary transactions that bank and other
financial facilities find "suspicious" - a subjective assessment based on
whatever criteria happen to be in the minds of employees.

@_date: 1995-10-26 20:04:43
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: FBI/CIA/NSA, let's merge them all into one.  [???!!!] 
AP on 10/25/95:
FBI Gets CIA Help On Olympics
The FBI and CIA are working together to deal with "substantial" threats to security at next summer's Atlanta Olympics, top
administration officials told senators Wednesday. Sen. Bob Kerrey of Nebraska ... chided the FBI for seeking to build a $37 million code encryption  center that he said would duplicate facilities operated by the National Security Agency.

@_date: 1995-10-12 14:35:07
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Identity database, another attempt... 
Well, you ungrateful wretches objected to our great employment database and national ID card plans when they were presented as a means of immigration control.  How about this, then:  We need an employment-tracking database and licenses for everything so we can crack
down on "deadbeat dads."  Now that sounds more plausible,
doesn't it!
Please?  We really want to track you closely.  It's for your own good, you know.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
AP reported on 10/12/95:
  Deadbeat parents beware: Pay up or lose your license. And not   just your driver's license. Your hunting, fishing, trapping,
  boating, occupational and professional licenses may be taken   away too.   That's the promise that Congress, intensifying the fight against   parents who refuse to support their children, intends to send to   millions of deadbeats as it writes final legislation to transform   the nation's anti-poverty programs. ...
  Central to [House and Senate proposals ...] is a requirement that   every state have a program to revoke or restrict the licenses of   parents who fail to pay, along with a central registry to track   new hiring and match employment records with child support   obligations.  ...
[Can you say "10th Amendment," Robert Dole?  I knew you could!
You are against this, aren't you Bob?  Bob?  Bob??!!]
  The Department of Health and Human Services ...  estimates that if
  every state had a license revocation program in place, child support
  collections would grow by $2.5 billion over 10 years. [During which time the federal government will spend $20,000 billion.
Relative peanuts, in other words.]
  According to HHS, 32 states and Puerto Rico now have laws on the books to
  restrict or revoke driving privileges and professional, occupational or
  sporting licenses. ...     ^^^^^^^^^^
[Note that driving, necessary for living in most places, is now a *privilege* granted by the government.  In other words, *living* is
a government-granted privilege.]
  Paula Roberts, a child support expert with the Center for Law and   Social Policy, a liberal research and advocacy group in Washington,   said license revocation programs can be effective -- but only if   states have the necessary computers in place.  ...
Essay questions for extra credit:  (1.) Explain how an advocate of the proposed system of monitoring and control could be considered "liberal."  Or "conservative."
(2.) How many (ab)uses of this system are possible and
how long will it take for them to be implemented?
(3.) Compare and contrast this plan with the Soviet internal passport / labor book system.

@_date: 1995-10-16 18:31:58
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: PGP article in American Survival Guide 
There's a brief intro article re. PGP in the issue of *American Survival Guide* which is currently on the stands.
ASG has a sort of cammo-right orientation, FWIW.

@_date: 1995-10-18 11:27:05
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: This PROMISes to be odius 
PR   10/18 0809  ORACLE INTRODUCES SOFTWARE TOOL FOR LAW ENFORCEMENT Tool Helps Federal, State, Municipal Agencies Stop the Criminal Element
      Enables Agencies and Departments To Build Data Warehouses of
         Intelligence To Better Manage, Analyze and Solve Cases
    MIAMI, Oct. 18 /PRNewswire/ -- Oracle Corp. (Nasdaq: ORCL), the world's
leading information management software company, today announced immediate
availability of Oracle Special Investigative Unit Support System (SIUSS)
Release 1.0, a Microsoft Windows-based software tool designed to help law
enforcement investigators more effectively manage and solve cases.  Oracle
SIUSS uses Oracle's industry leading information management technology to yield
new insights into criminal activity and significantly reduce the time needed to
bring cases to their successful resolution.  The software was introduced at the
International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference in Miami, FL.
     Oracle SIUSS represents a major step forward in the collection, storage
and analysis of case intelligence information for complex conspiracies, violent
crimes such as rape and murder, drug trafficking, and other major cases.
     The tool combines traditional analytical concepts with job-specific
information collection and lead generation analysis features.  For example,
Oracle SIUSS receives input from various investigative sources -- a
surveillance team, forensics expert, wire room operator, citizen tip -- and
makes the data available to agency management, analysts and investigators in
the form of leads on their cases.
     Oracle SIUSS offers advanced capabilities beyond traditional law
enforcement systems which simply gather and store factual information such as
name, birthdate, or time of a call.  Oracle SIUSS develops leads the way a real
investigator works, by starting with known facts and combining them in a way
that generates further insight and leads.
     Built upon Oracle7, the most popular relational database management system
in use by U.S. law enforcement personnel, Oracle SIUSS allows investigators to
uncover crucial criminal patterns by linking subjects, vehicles, locations,
businesses and other entities, within a case or among several cases.  Designed
in cooperation with federal, state, military and municipal investigators
working on real cases, Oracle SIUSS manages a comprehensive array of
investigative intelligence, including telephone information (toll, pen/DNR,
Title III), assets, financial data, arrests, seizures, credit card data,
surveillance, mail covers, trash pickup, and incidents.  Because Oracle SIUSS
is able to store information from multiple cases in a single database,
information can be cross referenced to uncover obscure relationships.  Oracle
SIUSS also helps the investigator build and document case information as it
moves towards prosecution.
     "Oracle has a long history of partnership with law enforcement," said Jay
Nussbaum, senior vice president and general manager, Oracle Government. "Oracle software is the foundation of important programs within the FBI, INS,
Department of Justice, Customs, ATF, New Mexico Dept. of Public Safety, and
many other agencies at the federal, state, and local level.  We are proud to
introduce Oracle SIUSS to the law enforcement community, a tool designed with a
specific capability in mind -- stopping the criminal element."
    Capturing Data to Capture Criminals
    With Oracle SIUSS, Oracle for the first time delivers a commercial-
off-the-shelf software tool that layers the features and functionality
investigators require on top of industry-standard information management
technology.  The Oracle7 architecture provides a secure, flexible, easy- to-use
and administer environment in which law enforcement systems, including Oracle
SIUSS, can be incorporated.  Case information can be shared or kept separate to
any degree desired depending on the needs of the investigators.
     Through the course of an investigation, information shows up in hundreds
of bits and pieces at different times and places.  With Oracle SIUSS, once this
data is captured, the odds that it will be lost or overlooked are significantly
reduced.  Using Oracle SIUSS's automated link analysis, the time it takes to
generate and chase down leads is reduced by 20 to 100 percent.
     The law enforcement community as a whole benefits by this combination of
functionality and information management technology. Large agencies and small
departments alike can standardize on one underlying architecture for all of
their information processing needs. Concerns such as connectivity, security,
and portability, are now non- issues.  The net result is a significantly
enhanced investigative capability integrated into the overall law enforcement
     Oracle SIUSS uses a sophisticated pattern analysis process for analyzing
the timing and sequence of phone calls made by the target. This gives insight
into how the target and his associates work together within a possible
conspiracy.  For example, Oracle SIUSS generates a conspiracy index based upon
the relationship of calls made by the target to a set of phone numbers, which
reveals the degree of probability that the subscriber for a phone number is
involved in the conspiracy.
     Joint investigative operations between agencies or departments are
possible, if authorized, ensuring a high degree of control over what
information is available to which individual, department, or agency. Oracle's
secure database, networking, and encryption technologies control the flow and
accessibility of intelligence data outside the supplying agency.
     A typical Oracle SIUSS configuration consists of Windows PCs connected to
virtually any type of file server.  The price starts at $6,900, which includes
the Oracle7 database.  For more information about Oracle SIUSS, please call
(301) 633-0584, Ext. 7192.
     Oracle Corp., a $3 billion company, is the world's largest supplier of
software for information management, and the world's second largest software
company.  The company offers its database, tools and application products along
with related consulting, education and support services, in more than 90
countries around the world.
     For more information about Oracle, please call (415) 506-4000. Oracle's
World Wide Web address is

@_date: 1995-10-18 11:31:30
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Oh to be a mouse in the corner... 
PR   10/17 1720  ABA: TERRORISM EXPERTS TO SPEAK
    Why is domestic terrorism on the increase?  How serious a problem is it? Do we have international terrorism under control?  These and other questions
will be the focus of a two-day conference sponsored by the ABA Standing
Committee on Law and National Security at the Hotel Washington in Washington
D.C., October 19 and 20.
    The conference, entitled "National Security Law in a Changing World: The
Fifth Annual Review of the Field," features experts in the field of terrorism,
including former CIA Director William Colby, former FBI Director William
Sessions, and Oklahoma Governor Frank Keating, whose state was the site of the
worst domestic terrorist attack in U.S. history.
    Program highlights include:
    "The Press and National Security," 10:30 a.m. Thurs., Oct. 19
    Panelists:  Timothy Weiner, New York Times; Peter Rodman, National
     Review; Carl Robert Zelnick, ABC-TV; and Carl Stern, Department of
     Justice.
    "Reinventing the Intelligence Community," 2 p.m., Thurs., Oct. 19
    Panelists:  William Colby, Former Director of the Central
    Intelligence Agency; William Sessions, Former Director of the
    Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Admiral William Studeman,
    Former Acting Director of CIA.
    "Addressing the Threat of Domestic Terrorism," 8:30 a.m., Fri.,
    Oct. 20
     Panelists: Bradley Buckles, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and
     Firearms; Howard Shapiro, General Counsel FBI; and Professor
     Stephen Sloan, University of Oklahoma.
    Luncheon Address, 12 p.m., Fri., October 20
    Speaker: The Honorable Frank Keating, Governor of Oklahoma
    All Conference events will take place in the Ballroom, Lower Lobby Level at
The Hotel Washington, 15th St. and Pennsylvania Ave., Washington D.C. For a
complete listing of conference programs, please call Holly McMahon at
    CONTACT:  Christine Lanier of the American Bar Association, 202-662-1792,
E-Mail:  clanier
    -0-                 10/17/95

@_date: 1995-10-22 22:28:47
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Freeh wants to wiretap millions 
Excerpt from latest CDT bulletin...
Mr. (Un)Freeh wants to be able to monitor (perhaps as much as) the most troublesome 1% of the population. This would appear to be a rather large expansion of telephone wiretapping.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
  CENTER FOR DEMOCRACY AND TECHNOLOGY

@_date: 1995-11-04 00:30:23
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Sources of randomness 
Safe, easy-to-obtain gamma sources:  orange fiesta-ware pottery (at flea markets), old-style Coleman lantern mantles (not sure about the new ones), uranium-ore "health pillows" (Sunshine Mine, 408-225-3670).

@_date: 1995-11-04 10:53:01
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: consumer products that make nice sources 
The tag on my Montana Sunshine Radon Mine radon pillow is a little blurred.  I think the following is the right phone number.
Sunshine Mine is an amusing concept.  People pay money to go breathe radon
there, while others are spending much money avoiding radon.
Anyway, the pillows make nice sources and good conversation pieces.
                                                     ^^^
                                                     406

@_date: 1995-11-05 13:52:53
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Telephone switch capacity -Reply 
And Clinton issued an executive order allowing Janet Reno (or her designees, I believe) to approve wiretaps.

@_date: 1995-11-07 14:59:04
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: consumer products that make nice sources 
Gotta watch yourself around the physicist....
Most of the sources I mentioned are fairly anemic, however the Coleman lantern mantles are pretty good beta emitters.  I can get count rates approaching 1000 cpm on a tired GM tube detector with a beta window of unknown thickness.
Brad D.

@_date: 1995-11-10 08:12:29
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Adm. William Studeman speaks about the CIA (fwd) 
SAN ANTONIO -- Admiral William Studeman, Deputy Director, CIA spoke
to the San Antonio World Affairs Council on Wednesday (8 Nov).  He
covered the organization of the Central Intelligence Agency;
foreign intelligence;  the future of intelligence;  and went on to
     "While the press is reporting a reduced need for intel-
     ligence..  President Clinton has signed an Executive Order
     increasing the level of intelligence collection to a level
     4..   A level 4 for example are countries like Somalia,
     Haiti, and Yugoslavia..  so the collection needs are much
     greater than ever before."
     "This administration now also requires that intelligence be
     turned over to law enforcement agencies;  which was never
     done before."
     [...]

@_date: 1995-11-13 10:10:42
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: ACLU Cyber-Liberties Update: Nov. 8, 1995 
Only if the government isn't interested in monitoring the 1,800 innocent -Brad Dolan, Who was stopped and questioned at a highway "checkpoint" this morning.
This was the third time this year.
Listen to a few thousand conversations or question a few thousand motorists, and you're bound to find somebody up to something.

@_date: 1995-11-14 13:38:27
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Offshore Assets Reconciliation using PGP 
ENCRYPTED ON-LINE FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS
are being offered by a Bahamian company, Offshore Assets
Reconciliation, Ltd.  As predicted by *SI*, the computer
encryption technique called PGP would result in commercial
services providing electronic transactions that are
indecipherable by any government agency.  OAR is in Nassau, and
can execute PGP instructions to move cash from bank or brokerage
accounts to bank, attorney, or escrow accounts.  It is equipped
to function throughout the Carribbean and in 20 international
financial centers such as Isle of Man, Bermuda, Cook Islands, and
Vanuatu.  For more information contact OAR at phone: (809) 356-
2039, fax: (809) 356-2095, e-mail: 71522.2715 OAR is the first of many such services to come.
*Strategic Investment*, November 15, 1995
SI is published by Agora, Inc., 824 E. Baltimore St., Baltimore
MD  21202-4799

@_date: 1995-11-19 21:54:46
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Real-life example of why National ID cards won't work 
Fri, 17 Nov 95 16:18:55 PST
 medic
 shomronnews
 Update 755
SNS News Service  "Interior Ministry Scandal"
November 19, 1995..26 Cheshvan  5756..Number 755..Update from Israel ...
Following a report released by Yediot Achronot Newspaper, Interior Minister (Labor) Ehud Barak has ordered an immediate investigation into allegations of wrong-doing by senior Ministry officials.
The report states that falsified ID cards and other Ministry permits are being sold to Arabs. Among those mentioned in the newspaper story is Chaim Ben-Atar, the Director of the Ministry's East Jerusalem Office, a Member of Knesset, and past members of the Mossad and GSS (Shin Bet). The Yediot report also alleges that Police officials silenced investigations over the past two years (that may have prevented terrorist attacks) for the fear of revealing names of top officials involved in the Ministry false documentation scam. The investigations involved senior officers in the IDF Civil Administration,  IDF officers, senior Ministry of the Interior officials and officials in the Jerusalem Municipality.  Some of the allegations:
1) In the East Jerusalem Branch of the Ministry of the Interior, Arabs that are not entitled by law may still receive ID cards, travel permits to Jordan, and other official documentation in return for cash payments or "favors". 2) Senior officials in the security service of the State have abused their connections with the east and west Jerusalem Ministry Offices, and have offered permits to travel abroad in return for cash payments. The permits were given to Arabs that would not be able to obtain them legally. 3) Interior Ministry workers have received favors and cash payments from Arab and Jewish agents in return for issuing travel documents, ID cards and passports.
4) Chaim Ben-Atar, the Director of the East Jerusalem Interior Ministry Registration Office has provided five Arab residents of Gaza with ID cards stating they live in East Jerusalem. 5)  Ben-Atar also employed an Arab woman during a four-year period whose brother is a "religious fanatic activist in East Jerusalem". The Arab woman who assisted Ben-Atar has access to highly classified information.  She was released from her position one year ago for "personal reasons."
6) During an investigation into wrong-doing by the past head of the Allenby Bridge crossing, information pointing to wrong-doing by other senior IDF officers and Jerusalem Municipality workers was uncovered as well. The Ministry chose not to pursue the investigation against them.  The cases against them were silenced by Interior Ministry officials.  (Yediot Achronot ..11/19..Page 5).

@_date: 1995-12-02 03:01:10
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: I Agree buttons, GAKzilla & liability. 
A guy from the Wall Street Journal was on the CNN biz show this morning explaining all the reasons why Netscape's stock value was supported only by religious belief.
This may have a depressing effect on the stock value, as well as the morale of Netscapes major stockholders.

@_date: 1995-12-06 07:49:04
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: re: NIST GAK export meeting, sv 
Firearms dealers are requred to keep records of purchases.  In theory (and by law) they don't pass these records along to the authorities except in response to specific inquiries.
However, in the last couple of years there have been numerous reports of mass copying of records by BATF or surrogates (specifics on request).
And when a firearms dealer goes out of business, all records go to the BATF.
So there is something of a precedent.

@_date: 1996-01-02 08:27:06
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: CSPAN Currency Creation Hearings 
I caught part of it.
The general theme was,~"we're going to establish a `partnership' with digicash / crypto firms to ensure that our `legitimate law-enforcement needs' are designed into the products."~

@_date: 1996-01-03 00:53:53
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Another Internet Provider Censors Access (fwd) 
Y -
Coming off CompuServe's announcement last week that it was cutting off all access to "alt.binaries" newsgroups under pressure from the German government, I'm passing along another apparent development from another Internet access provider, Under the guise of a minor software upgrade, Netcom has changed its newsgroups access list to totally exclude "alt" groups altogether.  Since there is no way to sign up for a newsgroup other than via the selection menu that Netcom provides, it appears that Netcom has managed to censor access to all those discussion groups.
We are witnessing the not-so-gradual erosion of freedom of the Net.  I not often find myself allied with John Perry Barlow, but on this one we are four-square:  what with stupid attempts of government to pass unconstitutional restrictions, and acquiescence of the private sector to intimidation and pressure, freedoms of the many are being dictated by reactionary elements in places like Memphis, Tennessee.  The next opportunity, I expect, will be to help underwrite the defense of the first criminal action brought under the new law.  In the meantime, we can unsubscribe to services that curtail our Speaking solely for myself, this time.

@_date: 1996-01-02 17:13:46
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Another Internet Provider Censors Access (fwd) 
That's the last time I believe anybody with a name like "Y."

@_date: 1996-01-07 12:33:46
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: please stop the Mitnick stuff 
I'm enjoying the story, partly because I took copious abuse from some CPs for posting - before Mitnick hit the papers - that the Well was under surveillance.  [Crypto relevance of (TLA contract?) surveillance of ISPs should be obvious.]
Anyway, it's too bad Mitnick didn't read CP.
I'm still angry about the Well's voluntary cooperation in this scam.
Why should I pay money to an outfit that's in bed with the TLAs?
bdolan formerly bdolan

@_date: 1996-01-08 09:03:44
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: (fwd) Private SSN Collection Project (fwd) 
I thought this was interesting.  -bd
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Thank you for your response.
Please send Full names and Social Security Numbers of anyone you know,
including government officers and/or employees, to: Clint Danbury, Box 750037, Petaluma, CA 94975-0037
email: danbury
Questions And Answers On The Nationwide SSN Collection Project.
-1-	Why are you collecting SSNs ?
Answer: For fun and amusement.  -2-	What do you plan to do with them ?
Answer: Put them on sweatshirts and sell them through specialty
clothing retailers.  It has been suggested also that I post them on
large billboards along the Mexican border, but I don't have enough
capital to pull of such a stunt at this time.
-3-     How long do you intend to continue this ?
Answer:   Until it becomes illegal.  The moment any legitimate
government authority informs me of the specific laws which (A) Forbid
the collection, recording, and distribution of SSNs by private parties,
and (B) Provide legal recourse for the individual citizen against
private parties which do so, I will stop.
-4-     What if the government finds out what you're doing ?
Answer:    First off, the government knows very well what I'm doing.
I've been "reported" multiple times to the SSA and the Secret Service.
Secondly, the government can find me quite easily (I'm in the phone
book).  Third, I will cooperate completely with any legitimate
government authority.
-5-     Here's my ex-spouse's SSN; will you make him/her miserable for
Answer:   Hell No ! If you want me to engage in illegal activity for
you, then go somewhere else !
-6-     Isn't what you are doing illegal ?
Answer:   Not according to the SSA.  They have declared the private use
of the SSN unrestricted.  (More on this in a few questions)
-7-     If My name/SSN were in your database, would you tell me ?
Answer: In order for me to confirm this, you must first tell me what
your full name and SSN is, then I will tell you if you were already in
there.  If this sounds like two-faced hypocrisy, great!  I got the idea
from CBI-Equifax; that's their very own policy.  If you don't tell them
what your SSN is, they won't tell you what they've got on you.
Therefore, I have decided to do the exact same thing.  (If you don't
believe it, then why don't you call them and ask for yourself?)
-8-     What if someone did the same thing to you ? How would YOU feel
Answer:  This already has  happened to me.  I told the SSA office about
it, repeatedly, and they would take no action.  (The story appears in
the next answer.)
-9-     How did this all start ?
Answer:    In 1985, a co-worker learned that I object to the
"Uni-Number" concept of identifying a single person across multiple
databases.  I was (and still am) specifically concerned about the use
of the SSN for Non-Tax identification.  The company placed our SSNs on
our name tags, which, thankfully, we did not have to wear constantly,
although we would occasionally have to display it for a guard during
certain times.
This co-worker went poking through my briefcase while I was out of my
office, copied down my SSN, and then, for his own fun and amusement
(I'm guessing at his motives, I don't know his true reasons) displayed
it for me, and would not tell me where he got it.  Seeing that this
angered me, he then went to other co-workers, who joined him in making
my SSN even more public.  They then went to the personnel files, (which
the company made no attempt to keep locked) and double-checked the
number with my job application.  After that, they memorized it, and,
(again, I'm guessing here) for their own amusement, they would recite
it in unison around the lunch table.  (I know this sounds impossible,
but it really did happen.)
After that job ended (not very happily, surprise) I let myself cool off
for a few months, and then moved to another city.  During my time in
that other city, I contacted the SSA office there, seeking another
SSN.  I made dozens of phone calls and wrote letter after letter, all
to no avail.  My letters got shorter and to-the-point, not long drawn
out things.  It took only 30 seconds to read them.  This continued for
several months.
The result was always the same: words without action, and no
replacement SSN.
The company in that city went down the tube, and I had to move again.
I wrote and called off-and-on over the next few years, and got the same
treatment; empty words, stall-him-off, and they would make no statement
one way or the other.
In September of 1993 (perhaps an earlier date, I'm not sure) the SSA
finally came out and gave their official written approval for
unrestricted use of the SSN by private individuals and private
organizations for any purpose, including fun and amusement.  The
pamphlet is entitled "Your Social Security Number", is SSA Publication
05-10002, and dated September/1993.  You can get a copy by calling them
at 1-800-772-1213.
On page 9 of that pamphlet, they have finally removed all restrictions
on the private use of the SSN and they've put it in writing...
"Because there is no law concerning the use  of a person's Social
Security number by a  private individual or organization, Social
Security has no control over such use."
So, if those are the rules they've made, fine.  Those are the rules by
which I'll act.  The collection and distribution of other people's SSNs
is (as you've just read) a legally unrestricted activity and that's
exactly what I'm doing.
-10-    Where do you get the SSNs ?
Answer: "...there is no law..." so, just like CBI, TRW, TU, et.al., I
don't have to tell you where I got yours.  Ask CBI where they got your
SSN; they won't tell you, and neither will I.
-11-    How do you check for accuracy ?
This question bothered me a lot at first, however, it has become
astoundingly simple to check whether a number is accurate or not.  So,
just exactly how do I do this ?   CBI doesn't have to tell, and neither
do I.  "...there is no law..."
-12-    How can I get a copy of your list ?
Answer: Unfortunately, I have found the drones to outnumber the
worker-bees by a factor of about 10-to-1.  This is not the
soup-kitchen, it's a group project.  If you want SSNs from me, then I
want SSNs from you.  In the past, I offered a 1-for-1 exchange.  I will
no longer make that public offer.  What is offered is this: If you will
send me full names and SSNs of prominently elected officials,
media-babes, et.al., then I will (to the extent my database allows)
send you back full names and SSNs of other prominent politicians and
media babes, 1-for-1 if I can.  Of course, full names and SSNs of any
individual or group are still welcome, they just don't qualify for the
1-for-1 offer.

@_date: 1996-01-13 07:17:33
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: PGP filter? 
InfoWorld, 1/8/96
Network Security:  Software scans E-mail gateways for virus threats

@_date: 1996-01-13 11:12:44
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: c4 cellphones 
Israeli news sources report:
  PLO security authorities have prohibited the use of cellular   telephones in public buildings.  In addition, no person is   permitted within 200 meters of Arafat's office with a
  cellular phone.
Paranoia abounds.
How safe is *your* cellphone?

@_date: 1996-01-15 18:11:32
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: CAQ - Secret FISA Court Violates Rights (fwd) 
C O V E R T   A C T I O N
I N F O R M A T I O N   B U L L E T I N
CovertAction Quarterly has won numerous awards for investigative
journalism. It is read around the world by investigative reporters,
activists, scholars, intelligence buffs, news junkies, and anyone
who wants to know the news and analysis behind the soundbites and
headlines. Recommended by Noam Chomsky; targeted by the CIA.  Each article in the 64-page magazine, which is in its 16th year of
publication, is extensively footnoted and accompanied by
photographs and graphics.  For a single issues send $6.   A one year subscription:  US $22;  /  Canada/Mexico $27;  Latin America/Europe $33;  /  Other areas $35.   Please send check or money order in $US to:   CAQ,  1500 Massachusetts Ave.  ,  Washington, DC 20005, USA Phone: 202-331-9763 / Fax: 202-331-9751 / E-mail: caq
THE SECRET FISA COURT: RUBBER STAMPING ON RIGHTS
by Philip Colangelo
Part 1 of 3
SEVEN JUDGES ON A SECRET COURT HAVE AUTHORIZED ALL BUT ONE OF OVER
7,500 REQUESTS TO SPY IN THE NAME OF NATIONAL SECURITY. THEY MEET
IN SECRET, WITH NO PUBLISHED ORDERS, OPINIONS, OR PUBLIC RECORD.
THOSE SPIED ON MAY NEVER KNOW OF THE INTRUSION. NOW, CLINTON HAS
EXPANDED THE POWERS TO INCLUDE NOT ONLY ELECTRONIC, BUT PHYSICAL
The aftershock of the Oklahoma City bombing sent Congress scurrying
to trade off civil liberties for an illusion of public safety. A
good ten weeks before that terrible attack, however   with a barely
noticed pen stroke President Bill Clinton virtually killed off the
Fourth Amendment when he approved a law to expand the already
extraordinary powers of the  strangest creation in the history of
the federal judiciary.  *2 Since its founding in 1978, a secret court created by the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA rhymes with  ice -a) has
received 7,539 applications to authorize electronic surveillance
within the U.S. In the name of national security, the court has
approved all but one of these requests from the Justice Department
on behalf of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National
Security Agency. *3 Each of these decisions was reached in secret,
with no published orders, opinions, or public record. The people,
organizations, or embassies spied on were not notified of either
the hearing or the surveillance itself. The American Civil
Liberties Union was not able to unearth a single instance in which
the target of a FISA wiretap was allowed to review the initial
application. Nor would the targets be offered any opportunity to
see transcripts of the conversations taped by the government and
explain their side of the story.  Without access to such materials, said Kate Martin of the ACLU,  targets of FISA searches are denied
any meaningful opportunity to contest the basis for the execution
of  the FISA search.  *4
OPEN-ENDED SURVEILLANCE
When Clinton signed Executive Order 12949 on February 9, the
frightening mandate of the FISA, court was greatly expanded: It now
has legal authority to approve black-bag operations   to authorize
Department of Justice (DoJ) requests to conduct physical as well
as electronic searches, without obtaining a warrant in open court,
without notifying the subject, without providing an inventory of
items seized. The targets need not be under suspicion of committing
a crime, but may be investigated when  probable cause  results
solely from their associations or status: for example, belonging
to, or aiding and abetting organizations deemed to pose a threat
to U.S. national security. Furthermore, despite a lowered standard
for applying the Fourth Amendment against unreasonable search and
seizure than is necessary in other U.S. courts,5 under the 1995
expansion, evidence gathered by the FISA court may now be used in
criminal trials. Previously, evidence was collected and stockpiled
solely for intelligence purposes.
LEGALIZING THE AMES SEARCH Granting new powers to the FISA court was accomplished quietly and
treated as a non-event in the national media. The lack of reporting
was somehow fitting, though, following as it did the silent  debate last year when Congress rubberstamped the annual Intelligence
Authorization Act. *6 Some legal minds found the whole exercise
positively refreshing.   The fact that this was done with a minimum
of fuss and posturing on both sides, and without having to have a
debate that tries to roll up the corners of classified information
is very impressive,  cheered former NSA General Counsel Stewart
Baker. *7
Reportedly, the Clinton administration had not always been
enthusiastic about expanding the court's powers. Like its
predecessors, it operated under the assumption that the executive
already had  inherent authority  to exempt itself from Fourth
Amendment constraints and could order warrantless searches to
protect national security. Nonetheless, the government avoided
allowing this  inherent authority  to be tested in the courts. *8 Then along came Aldrich Ames. The spy case proved a convenient
vehicle on which to hitch expansion of state power. It also offered
a glimpse at the state-of-the-art domestic counterintelligence
techniques that might well be turned on an activist group near you.
Following months of electronic and physical surveillance   which included a break-in of Ames' car and searches through his office
and family trash   FBI agents were finally turned loose in the
early morning hours of October 9, 1993.  They didn't `pick' locks
like in the movies; they made their own keys. Among other agents
in the FBI, the consensus was unanimous: The tech agents were
geniuses.  *9  Thanks to a warrant authorized by Attorney General Janet Reno, a team of agents from the  sprawling  National Security Division had permission to enter the Ames home  in Arlington, Va.10
There was only one minor problem.  The attorney general of the
United States does not have the authority to order a warrantless
physical search of a citizen's home,  argued Professor Jonathan
Turley of George Washington University National Law Center.  The
Aldrich Ames search in my view was obviously and egregiously
unconstitutional. 11
Other civil liberties lawyers agree with this evaluation, and the
Justice Department itself was concerned enough about the question
to refer to this problem when it negotiated a deal with Ames in
order to avoid trial. While Ames was sentenced to life in prison,
his wife Rosario received five years.  We didn't get to the point
of litigation, I regret to say,  said Ames' lawyer Plato Cacheris. The problem was that Ames very much wanted to see that his wife was
treated a little more softly than he was being treated.  *12
Now eager to put a stamp of judicial impartiality on the hazy
executive branch doctrine of  inherent authority,  the Justice
Department immediately got behind the bill to expand the FISA
court's power. Soon after Ames pleaded guilty last year to spying,
administration officials began arguing that adherence to
traditional Fourth Amendment protections for American citizens
would  unduly frustrate  counterintelligence efforts against spies
operating in the U.S.13  Physical searches to gather foreign
intelligence depend on secrecy,  argued Deputy Attorney General
Jamie Gorelick.  If the existence of these searches were known to
the foreign power targets, they would alter their activities to
render the information useless. 14 Gorelick went on to explain that A [traditional] search can only be made when there's probable cause
to believe a crime is involved, whereas  a national-security search
can be made at a substantially earlier stage. We often don't know
what we're looking for when we go in,  she observed.15

@_date: 1996-01-22 08:45:37
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: CIA Stashes 
My eyes were glazing over but I think I heard him say that it was a nice intelligence service practice to pass along useful info to friendly businessmen in exchange for their help.
So there you have confirmation of at least some "economic intelligence"

@_date: 1996-01-15 16:33:18
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
This may, in part, depend on your mode of transport.  Or maybe the phase of the moon.
In June of '93, I took a train from Rome to Nice, something which had worked nicely for me in the past.  That time we were all uncermoniously dumped out at a whistle-stop border checkpoint and forced to carry our luggage past some guys in uniforms.  I think some people got a quiz, though I did not.  After an hour or two, they let us board a *different* train to complete the last little bit of our journey.
That's the only border harassment I've experienced in Western Europe.  Eastern Europe has been more interesting on occasion.

@_date: 1996-02-26 00:41:25
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: TED_hal 
Lipke's neighbors indicate his income didn't match his lifestyle.
FINCEN at work?

@_date: 1996-02-26 04:31:02
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: TED_hal 
Could be.  That's what they said, anyway.  See below.
But if I had the FINCEN databases, I would spend my idle hours looking for statistical anomalies.  Like guys whose outgo exceeds reported income.
(Associated Press, 2/23/96)
Lipka's Neighbors Had Wonders
   MILLERSVILLE, Pa. (AP) -- To his neighbors, Robert Stephan Lipka was a coin
collector, chess player and off-track betting enthusiast who lived on
disability payments.  [...]
On Friday, federal agents converged on his one-story brick colonial house in
this rural central Pennsylvania town and arrested Lipka. He was charged with
selling secrets to the Soviets for nearly 10 years. Authorities said he passed documents to the Soviets during the Vietnam War
when he was an Army clerk at the Pentagon's National Security Agency at Fort
Meade, Md., sometimes getting up to $1,000 for each delivery of information. Bewildered neighbors watched as federal agents walked in and out of the
house Friday morning. A garbage crew stopped to pick up the family trash, only
to open the lid of an empty can, the contents apparently taken already by
authorities. Neighbor James Quinn said there had been some speculation in the
neighborhood how about the Lipkas could afford the $168,000 house they bought a
year ago. Lipka sold his former house only two months ago, for $76,000.

@_date: 1996-04-22 07:33:59
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Smartcards are coming to the US 
Saw a CNN story Friday about an interesting special debit card application in Mexico.  They're being issued to poor Mexicans, who can use them to buy tortillas and a few other foodstuffs.  The cards are tied to a behavior-control database and failure to send kids to school, get mandatory medical exams/treatments/vaccinations, etc. results in card

@_date: 1996-05-19 09:56:09
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: "Too cheap to meter" 
The same George Gilder that is Newt's buddy?  And part-owner of Valujet?

@_date: 1996-07-20 23:03:31
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: [Noise] was Re: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
My twelve-year-old daughter asked for and received a .22 for her birthday.
Her four and six year old siblings enjoy shooting it, under close Rural America has a very different culture than urban America and urban America's recent attempts to impose its values (like hoplophobia) on us really chafes.

@_date: 1996-07-23 10:02:55
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] was Re: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
My daughter often carries her gun to school, complete with large quantities of high-velocity long-rifle cartridges.
She's homeschooled and marksmanship is one of her extracurricular activities.
p.s.  In two years of homeschooling, she has advanced 6 grade levels on the state-mandated achievement tests.

@_date: 1996-07-28 11:39:31
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Olympic bombing 
Just heard Newt mumbling about the need for better intelligence monitoring and *more* "anti-terrorist" legislation.
Bet you're right.

@_date: 1996-08-02 10:07:10
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Terror attack! 
Be patient.  They're working on it.
Reuters, 8/1/96:
FBI Director Louis Freeh warned Congress on
Thursday that the United States was under attack from foreign terrorists and
said new counter-terrorism weapons were needed to fight back.
On the Atlanta bomb that caused two deaths and wounded 111 people, he said
the FBI had no evidence "of an international terrorist group or a sophisticated group targeting the Olympics in general with respect to that incident."
But he said the United States was clearly vulnerable to possible future
terrorist attacks involving nuclear, biological and chemical weapons. He said he had recently met Marine Corps Commandant Gen. Charles Krulak to discuss a
possible joint FBI-Marine study on ways of countering weapons of mass

@_date: 1996-08-03 09:54:40
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Bombs & bomb threats in LA 
Didn't (left-radical) Abbie Hoffman's anarchy bible _Steal This Book_ have some bombmaking instructions also?  I don't recall civilization falling in 1968 or thereabouts when STB was published.

@_date: 1996-08-08 15:09:54
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Mena 
Wall Street Journal, 5/3/94:
"Our sources agree ... on a number of things:  There was most likely a CIA-sponsored Contra operation run out of Mena, as well as a huge parallel cocaine-smuggling operation, money laundering and a Justice Department coverup.  Much of this happened on Mr. Clinton's watch as governor."
"Mr. Clinton was asked by a state prosecutor for help to pursue the case ...
Help was promised but never arrived."
"Mena is a perplexing and difficult story.  There is a trail - tens of millions of dollars in cocaine profits, and we don't know where it leads.  It is a trail that has been blocked by the National Security - letter from Bill Plante, CBS News Correspondent and
              Michael Singer, Producer, CBS News

@_date: 1996-08-13 14:39:36
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: US Power Outages 
Portland General Electric shut down a big, perfectly good nuke a couple of years ago since there was ample cheap power to replace it.
So they said.

@_date: 1996-08-14 11:29:35
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: RANT re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption 
Which is why it is possible to be angry about NAFTA and the Mexican bailout without being a protectionist.
Why should I pay taxes to my government so it can protect capital investments in Mexico, thereby reducing one of my selling points as an American worker?
... and while I'm ranting...
Can somebody explain why:
1. Good jobs of the future are knowledge jobs which require little capital investment.
2. We need a capital gains tax cut to encourage capital investment to stimulate the growth of good jobs of the future.

@_date: 1996-08-14 16:30:22
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Capital and Taxes 
Now imagine that I want to make that $100K investment or, more realistically, that I want to invest $100K in my kid's college education.
I'm going to have to earn wages of $160K and pay $60K in tax.  It would make me cranky if the guy next door could just clip $100K of coupons, tax free, to pay for his kid's education.
While I'm sure Steve Forbes could, I can't think of a moral argument why income from selling stock should be taxed at a rate lower (or higher) than than income from wages.
Jamie Whitten, late chairman of the House Appropriations Committee once said, "All anyone wants is a special advantage over the next fellow.  Understand that, and you've understood the intent of every law ever passed."
I think that applies to tax law.

@_date: 1996-08-14 23:32:13
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Schlafly on crypto 
Clinton Is Trying to be Big Brother
     August 8, 1996                             by Phyllis Schlafly
     We hope the appropriate government agencies will soon solve the
     recent terrorist crimes and punish the criminals. But all
     Americans who care about civil liberties should vigorously resist
     President Clinton's attempt to use the terrorist attacks as an
     excuse to carry on his all-out war against the personal privacy of
     law-abiding Americans.
     This mind-set was first revealed in the Clinton health care bill,
     which would have given the government computer access to the
     medical records of all Americans. Fortunately, that totalitarian
     takeover of the health care industry was rejected.
     The Clinton Administration's education legislation now pending in
     Congress would put personal information about all schoolchildren
     -- academic, medical, attitudinal, behavioral, and family -- into
     an expanded Labor Market Information database available to the
     government, as well as to prospective employers.
     Now the Clinton Administration is trying to make it illegal for
     individual Americans to have private conversations with one
     another. That's the real meaning of its effort to control
     encryption technology, and it's a direct assault on the First
     Amendment.
     It would be downright ridiculous to assert that the First
     Amendment guarantees our right to speak in public but not in
     private. It would be just as ridiculous to say that we have
     freedom to speak in words that the government can understand, but
     not in words the government can't decipher.
     Americans have the right to speak to one another in private,
     behind closed doors, and we should likewise have the right to
     speak to one another in code and to put our coded messages on
     computer in a process called encryption. Americans would not
     tolerate the government opening and reading the letters we send
     through the mails, and we should not tolerate the government
     opening and reading our encrypted, or coded, messages sent via
     computer.
     Yet, Attorney General Janet Reno, FBI Director Louis Freeh, and
     Vice President Al Gore are all demanding the authority to read our
     encrypted messages. In a speech to the Commonwealth Club of
     California, Reno bluntly stated her demand for "ensuring law
     enforcement access to encrypted data.''
     Reno boasted that there is "a consensus'' that the government
     should create a system known as "Key Escrow'' (i.e., a supposedly
     "neutral third party''), to which all Americans should be forced
     to "entrust'' the keys to their encrypted messages, and to which
     the government would have access. On the contrary, there is no
     such consensus.
     Do you trust Janet Reno with access to your private messages? Do
     you trust the FBI to keep your files confidential?
     The Clinton Administration is already doing 30 to 40 percent more
     federal telephone wiretaps and other electronic surveillance than
     the last year of the Bush Administration. Those figures don't even
     include national security wiretaps or the hundreds of extensions
     granting more time for wiretap orders already issued.
     FBI Director Freeh wrote the New York Times last November that
     "There is no intention to expand the number of wiretaps or the
     extent of wiretapping." Four months later, FBI documents revealed
     that the FBI does, in fact, plan to increase electronic
     surveillance 54 percent by 1998 and 130 percent by 2004.
     On July 12, Al Gore announced that the Administration will
     continue to push for the adoption of a massive public key
     infrastructure to give the government access to all encrypted
     communications. In a blatant bid for a police-state surveillance
     society, Gore warned about "the dangers of unregulated encryption
     technology."
     A neutral panel of the National Research Council was set up to
     make policy recommendations about encryption. The panel called on
     the government to abandon its efforts to restrict encryption.
     The NSC panel concluded that increased use of encryption would
     enhance our national security, not diminish it. Thirteen out of
     its 16 members had security clearances with access to secret
     information, and they saw no national security reason to justify
     the Clinton policy.
     The Clinton Administration bases its campaign to control private
     encryption on the alleged need to fight crime through wiretapping.
     However, the NSC panel concluded that the ability of the private
     sector to transfer confidential financial and other data over the
     information highway without interception is far more important.
     New technologies have given government awesome power to spy on
     individuals. The Filegate investigation accidentally uncovered the
     shocking news that, as soon as Bill Clinton entered the White
     House in 1993, he secretly spent $400,000 on software to create a
     highly sophisticated computer database to track detailed
     political, financial, attitudinal, and personal biographical
     information on 200,000 people, including members of Congress and
     the media. Known as WHODB for White House Office Data Base, the
     system was nicknamed Big Brother.
     Encryption is a First Amendment issue, not a crime issue. If the
     Clinton Administration is allowed to control encryption, it would
     be the biggest expansion of federal power since the passage of the
     Income Tax Amendment in 1913.
EAGLE FORUM -- eagle
PO Box 618
Alton, IL  62002
Phone: 618-462-5415
 ----------------------------------------------
Are you on our E-mail list?
Tell a friend about us!

@_date: 1996-08-20 22:38:31
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: AZ DMV: Citizenship to Drive? (fwd) 
Your papers, please?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Posted: gdiazj
Today the Arizona Department of Motor Vehicles began requiring
proof of citizenship before issuing a drivers license or a state
identification. This policy was established by HB 2154 which passed
this last session (this one slipped passed me).
I am helping organize people in Arizona to oppose this.  Please
send your information ASAP, we need you your help.
VIVA LA RAZA
George Diaz, Jr.

@_date: 1996-08-20 22:46:47
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Roger Morris has documented the base story nicely, first in an article intended for the Washington Post (but which wound up in Penthouse when the Post got cold feet) and now in a book, _Partners in Power_.

@_date: 1996-08-21 08:28:59
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Goofy guy agrees with Morris about X, therefore Morris' well-documented claims about X and Y are false?
Maybe I should have cited R. Emmett Tyrell's _Boy Clinton_?  ;-)
It also rained cocaine in Tennessee in the '80s, but the authorities never seemed to notice.  Ask the Knoxville _News-Sentinel_ how many stories it can find in its archives relating to planes loaded with cocaine crash-landing on remote airstrips, airdrops being found in citizens' yards, etc.  Then ask the DEA what it did about those events.
p.s. Donna Rice has lately been running point for a regulate-the-internet front group.  I wouldn't put anything past her.

@_date: 1996-08-21 22:30:34
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Those products should be legalized of course - but that would deprive the CIA etc. of a nice hidden source of income.
If you don't believe the principled left (Morris, etc.), the principled right (Tyrell, etc.), the mainstream media (see below), or my personal local observations, I think you've made up your mind and are beyond Wall Street Journal, 5/3/94, Letter to the Editor
STILL A STRONG SCENT ON THE MENA TRAIL
We are glad that Edward Jay Epstein saw the CBS News report on Mena, Ark., which he discussed in his April 20 editorial-page piece.  "On the Mena Trail."  Our story, like others on Mena, raised questions.  They won't be answered until reporters follow the money - millions of dollars generated out of the operations at Mena.  That could either put it to rest, or lead to a story at least as important as Whitewater.
The original report on Whitewater by Jeff Gerth of the New York Times was ignored for many months.  The Mena story probably will suffer the same fate unless other journalists pick up the trail.  That might not happen if readers conclude, as Mr. Epstein seems to, that the only place Mena could lead is to Whitewater. What if Mena has nothing to do with Whitewater?
Our sources agree with Mr. Epstein on a number of things:  There was most likely a CIA-sponsored Contra operation run out of Mena, as well as a huge parallel cocaine-smuggling operation, money laundering, and a Justice Department coverup.  Much of this happened on Mr. Clinton's watch as governor.
But Mr. Epstein says that after smuggler Barry Seal was killed there was really no one else to go after.  Investigators never targeted Mr. Seal.  They knew he was working for the federal government and was therefore untouchable.  Instead, they targeted Seal's associates - the bankers and businessmen who allegedly laundered his drug profits and illegally modified
his planes so he could smuggle tons of cocaine into the U.S. They were never prosecuted by either the federal government or the state of Arkansas.
Mr. Epstein says that no one is claiming that Mr. Clinton blocked legal proceedings in this matter.  But as the CBS News story revealed, Mr. Clinton was asked by a state prosecutor for help to pursue the case against Seal's associates.  Help was promised but never arrived.
Arkansas Rep. Bill Alexander tried to save and then re-start an investigation of Mena.  Mr. Clinton did not seize on this issue and offer support, despite the fact that a Republican administration was apparently sponsoring a Contra aid operation in his state and protecting a smuggling ring that flew tons of cocaine through Arkansas.
Mr. Epstein suggests there is no reason to believe Mr. Clinton knew about Mena.  But the governor's own state police began investigating at Mena in 1984.  Isn't it reasonable to assume that he was made aware of the investigation?  Mr. Clinton did acknowledge learning about Mena as early as April 1988; Ross Perot, who had done his own investigation of Mena, was concerned enough about the drugs-for-guns operation to call Mr. Clinton.  And former Clinton staff people have told CBS News that the governor was aware of what was going on there.
Mena is a perplexing and difficult story.  There is a trail - tens of millions of dollars in cocaine profits, and we don't know where it leads.  It is a trail that has been blocked by the National Security Council.
The FAA, FBI, Custons, CIA, Justice, DEA and the IRS were all involved in Mena.  They won't say how they were involved, but they will tell you there is nothing there.
Bill Plante, CBS News Correspondent
Michael Singer, Producer, CBS News
New York

@_date: 1996-09-08 00:20:11
@_author: Brad Dolan 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
Anybody else have the cynical thought that the gubmint is trying to *encourage* us to beg for regulation?
