
@_date: 1995-11-10 00:23:00
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Timed-release crypto and information economics 
I have not yet convinced myself that a time-release information device
is impossible....
Does there exist a storage device that, due to _dynamics_ (or other
factor), prevents the total contents being read in one instance?
Bubble memory device?  Torsion wire memory device?
Back at IBM, an old school customer engineer friend of mine used to
bring in relics of IBM's illustrious past.  One curious device was a
memory device for an old terminal.  This device consisted of about
10 feet of piano wire coiled into a spiral of about 6 inches diameter.
An acuator would "twist" torsion waves onto the end of the wire.
These waves would propagate down the wire and would be sensed falling
off the opposite end.  About 400+ bits could be stored on the wire by
twisting (cwise/0 or ccwise/1) them onto one end, sensing them as
they came off, and re-twisting them back on.  The bits chased each
other around this loop.
Assume that I can only read the bits as they fall off the end (one
bit at a time).
Assume a transformation function (with state) in the middle of the
"wire" which cryptographically transforms the bits.
Assume a device that holds 2^somewhatbig bits.
Assume a traversal delay around the device of 1 unit.
Assume disturbing the device ("grabbing the wire") destroys the information.
Assume the message sender loads the wire with an "encrypted" message.
Can I precompute a message that after N iterations around the "wire"
(and through the transform) will spill out plaintext (N time units
into the future)?
Does such a tranformation exist?  (rings of the technology in S/key...)

@_date: 1995-11-10 03:37:30
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Timed-release crypto and information economics 
The tamper proof aspect is really secondary to the math question.
The idea that if I set up a stream of bits through a transform, that
the original state of the transform affects the final outcome after
N iterations.
If the transform exists, it will ease/eliminate the reliance on the
"economics" of cryptography to build a tamper-proof physical device.
Here is another implementation of the idea:
initialize buffer to '12 asdfasd-1-3!
do forever      /* actually until the plaintext spews out */
  sleep 1 unit
  for each element in the buffer
    buffer[ element ] = magictransform( buffer[ element ] )
The initial buffer must be secret!
Calculating the intial buffer in such a way that after N iterations
the plaintext message appears is what must happen.

@_date: 1995-11-10 12:40:50
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Timed-release crypto and information economics 
Tim May responded:
Above, I said "ease/eliminate"... let me limit my claim to "ease".
I see 2 unique points in this scheme that I have not seen discussed
much:  1) Using _dynamics_ to _limit_ (maybe not prevent) penetration
of a system.  2) Using a feedback state machine in a heavily iterative
manner to hide the message.
The tamper-resistant circuits discussed (and some enjoying some
hopefully profitable sales) have been _static_.  There is no (of which
I am aware) continual change in the circuit/mechanism.  I propose a
device in some form of incessant motion (electrical or otherwise).
It seems a greater (thought I am sure not impossible) task to capture
the state of a moving target.  It seems that there may be a device
that inherently allows itself to be read serially (one bit after
Add the feedback state machine to this (ephemeral) device, and you
may have a nice platform for time-released information.
The torsion-wire device described in a previous post is a nice example
of a device that allows access to only one bit at a time.  (Now, maybe
some sort of camera could be used to "see" all of the bits at once in
flight along the wire.  For argument, let's assume not.)  The problem
with the torsion wire device is that the math transform needs to live
somewhere between the two ends; access to the bits at the front and
back of the transform is not allowed.
I want something cheaper than a satellite, but beaming bits to a
satellite that performs the iterative, feedback transform and transmits
the transformed bits back home may
illustrate the type of platform needed.  It allows me to see only
one bit at a time.  The bits are munched each "round".  A delay is
inherent in the system and is not "acceleratable".
If this platform exists, how do I precompute a message to take
advantage of it?

@_date: 1995-11-14 05:31:38
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Timed-release crypto - Proactive security plug 
Here is an example of _dynamics_ being used to increase the security of
a logical protocol.  I believe that dynamics may be usable at a more micro
level to build a physical device that is expensive to compromise...

@_date: 1995-12-02 04:54:07
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: available news/mail filtering 
What news and mail filter programs are available?  Pointers
will be appreciated.
If inclined, please give some pros/cons of your favorites.
Thank you for your help in this matter.

@_date: 1995-12-21 19:59:25
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: ex encrypted script 
I once had to obfuscate an awk script.  "Cryptography is Economics."  My
job was to make it difficult for the enemy to steal the source.  There
was a license agreement...
The simple answer of "no" is right in the strong sense, but there are
tricks to make life difficult for the amateur attacker.
My approach was a self-decrypting program.  The "real" script was
encrypted within the body of the encasing script.  For increased
obfuscation, decrypt only small pieces at a time.

@_date: 1995-12-03 20:21:38
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Do The Right Thing, Netscape GAK 
among other words Jeff W. wrote...
This comment is somewhat offensive to me.  I disagree.  In fact, it
is a pretty whiny sounding and spineless statement.  Jeff, you are not
making _me_ feel any better about Jim's comments!
Kudos to Hal for his clear rebuttal and adherence to facts.
Kudos to Tim for "Do The Right Thing".
I will add that my belief is that GAK will not be the profitable way
to go.  I share in Duncan Frissell's optimism that we are now too far
down the road.
Tim has claimed that browsers are a "no loyalty" product.  I will take
this a step further and go on record saying that a GAK'd browser will
be an economic loser.  It may sell a couple of contracts, but it will
never gain widespread acceptance.
Look at recent history on the net.  It is the net leaders who are
making the future happen.  Netscape is (was?) the epitomy of this
new phenomenon.  If I were running a business, I would attempt to
fulfill cypherpunk-like requirements rather than trying to build
a "government approved" product.  Let's watch sameer...
Doing the "right thing" will end up being the "profitable thing".
Maybe I'm blue sky, but it is nice to base decisions on principle...

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:33:22
@_author: "Beavis B. Thoopit" 
@_subject: Re: Free speech and written rights. 
This is a point that is difficult to get across to people, but is indeed
important and applicable to rampant law-passing today.
I explain to people that _before_ the Bill of Rights, the Constitution of
the United States placed the federal government in a very small box.
The rights of people were not discussed; this was a document to limit
government, not legislate rights.  The rights of people are preassumed.
The Bill of Rights "undid" this a little (lot) by putting the peoples'
rights into a box (maybe a somewhat roomy box, but a box none-the-less).
Thus we get ridiculous statements like, "The Constitution does not grant
you the right to..."  (Rights of people are preassumed ("endowed").)
We ought all be saying, "The Constitution does not grant federal gov't
the power to..."
The "Creator" grants rights; the Constitution limits federal government.
Another analogy draws on computer science (mathematics).
In computer science an "enumerated type" is much more restrictrive than
an unbounded data type.  Consider the Bill of Rights an attempt to enumerate
the rights of people.
