
@_date: 1996-02-04 23:56:06
@_author: the anonymous poster 
@_subject: Re: [noise] Re: Charter of PDX Cpunk meetings 
This is childish and pointless.  Please shut up or take it to email.
FWIW, this is an _international_ list with a lot of people who are
just not interested in your petty bickering.  If you want to argue
about this, please do it in private.  If Alan posts responses to the
list, that's his problem.  You don't _have_ to answer in public.
You have something against anonymity?  In this case, perhaps this list
is not the best place to be.
The fact that he was anonymous says nothing whatsoever.  So what if
you received some email agreeing that you'd been flamed?
Actually, and Perry may disagree here, but I'd have no objection to a
discussion of "Assassination Politics", or any other nutty political
theories, as long as we can stick to reasonably mature discussion and
not flames and petty ego boosting.
Whoopie!  A True Name!  Big deal.  I care not one jot whether or not
you use your REAL NAME.  I have no way of knowing if it is, in fact,
your real name.  Should it make a difference?
No one is going to "suffer any longterm loss of reputation" by
disagreeing with you, or anyone else, whether or not they use a nym
(or anonymity).
An anonymous post is no less valid for being anonymous.  The only
advantage of a stable nym, whether or not it's a True Name, is the
ability to gain (or lose) reputation through the content of its
posts.  Perhaps a nym with some reputation is taken more seriously
than an anonymous poster, but so is an unknown nym.  Neither you nor
Alan has any reputation to speak of (to me, at least), so an anonymous
post has no less.
Are you saying he doesn't have that right?  If it's his list, he can
do whatever the hell he likes with it.
In other words, you are not interested in resolving any problem you
have with Alan, you just to make a lot of noise in public in an
attempt to "embarrass" him.  Go play on some other list where this
kind of thing is appreciated.
This list periodically devolves into this childishness.  I'm glad Alan
is not going to say any more.  I award Alan 20 Reputation Points for
being mature enough to walk away (delayed long enough to see whether
he does)
