
@_date: 1996-06-10 15:46:38
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: New Encryption Algorithm and Program 
Hello there everyone subscribing to this mailing list...
My name is Benjamin Grosman and I am a 17 year old student from Sydney,
Australia...but please, don't hold any of that against me :)
Anyway, for my major assignment I wrote an encryption program under Turbo
Pascal for Dos, version 7.0, and for this program I developed the algorithm
Now, what I am wodnering is, is there anyone on this list who might be
interested in testing my program, and or analyisng the strength of the
encryption and reporting there findings back to me? The more people who are
knowledgeable in the field of encryption who want to have a look, the
better, so please, don't hesitate, as I would really appreciate all input....
As you all might have guessed, I am definitely pro-encryption. I have some
particularly malicious "friends" who go to great pains to find out what you
typed in your latest assignments...before they are due...and so I have
undertaken this project out of necessity as much as interest, and I find the
US governments ban on the exportation of cypher technology and knowledge a
great burden on the academic community in their efforts to further their
knowledge...but please don't sledge me for my views, just please respond to:
bgrosman if you are interested in obtaining a copy of my
Many thanks....

@_date: 1996-10-24 20:04:43
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: slander again 
Dear Sirs,
Have either of you read my post to the coderpunks list concerning
professionalism? I feel that it might be slightly applicable here. Surely
this has gone on long enough, and in enough of a public manner, that enough
people are sick of it.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-10-31 00:57:21
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: WWII & Japan 
Dear Sir,
This is totally true, except that the American forces actually knew that an
attack was coming, and the Japanese ambassadors definitely had an inkling of
what was going to happen. Communicades to the Japanese ambassadors were
being made sparse as the attack came, and details of actions to come were
broken up into a 14 part message. On the USA side, the even knew that the
attack was coming on a Sunday. They had broken the Japanese codes, and had
been distributing the information from the communicades to pertinent
authorities. However, a copy of a communicade was found in a rubbish bin in
the hallway of a military building, and so distribution was reduced to fewer
people. But nobody wanted to take any notice. This begs the question of the
illegal lend-lease agreements between the Americans and the British which
could have had Roosevelt impeached if the details had come to light in congress.
However, as to the reason why the Japanese wanted to go to war, your
explanation is a little basic. It is true that the Japanese wanted to go to
war over the aforementioned countries policies concerning the Japanese
invasion and occupation of Manchuria, or Manchukuo as they called it.
However, this was not simply the reason. The aforementioned countries
policies barred export of vital natural resources to the Japanese, who live
in a naturally mineral poor country. Their original invasion was actually
staged (see "The Manchukuo Incident") in the hope that they could gain more
natural resources from Manchukuo. Another reason why the Japanese wanted war is a rather complicated one, and
it dates back to the end of World War I. At the end of the war most
countries in a position to have colonies in the pacific/orient area were
under severe financial stress. The French had borrowed so much money from
the USA that they had doubts of ever being able to count so high, and
Clemenceau, the "French Tiger", was determined to extract as much
reparations under the War Guilt Clause of the Versailles Treaty as possible.
The British had also borrowed phenomenal amounts of money. However, these
two, after taking all territorial possessions of the ex-German Empire, and
the ex-Austrian Empire, had in fact huge amounts of possessions. The British
Empire spanned roughly a third of the world in both population and size, and
the French were roughly two thirds as big as the British. But how to pay for
this massive Empire? Maintance of ships, particularly the newer Dreadnought
class Battleships, was incredibly expensive, and enough were not in
possession at the end of the war to defend pre-war borders, let alone the
newly expanded ones. Thus the British Empire, and the USA decided that it
was best to maintain the status quo. They had "run the race" and won. They
had their colonies (the USA had the Phillipines, and a few other pacific
islands, although the USA has always had a policy against Colonialism), and
they decided to end the possibility of another arms race via an agreement.
Thus it was that the Washington Naval Conference was formed. This conference
limited certain countries to certain ratio's of certain classes of ships, to
help maintain the status quo, and all measurements were done against the
British Navy. It was this conference and the forged agreement that came out
of it that greatly crippled Japan, in desperate need of Colonies and the
natural resources that could be exploited from them, for Japan was limited
to a navy roughly half the size of the British Navy, but consisting of
mainly smaller ships overall, for their quote of battleships was less than
half. Holland and France were also participating countries in this pact.
However, whilst it limited ships in the pacific regions, it did not limit
ships in other regions. This crippled Japan, but left _all other players_
with other waters in which to build ships (hence the large buildup of
Atlantic sea forces by the USA that facilitated the lend-lease agreements
later on). This in itself a heavy blow to the Japanese, but added to this
was the failure of the British to renew their alliance. Not only was the
most powerful empire in the world now not an ally of the Japanese, but the
Japanese could not even compete to provide what they needed. And the other
countries, naturally, liked this just fine.
Therefore, whilst your comments are true, they are only true in part. The
Japanese ambassadors certainly had a general idea as to what was following
due to the 14 part message, and the Japanese had more motive to attack than
a simple "policy of other countries" explanation warrants.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-03 16:34:40
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: ASIO encryption ? 
Dear All,
Does anyone happen to know what encryption methods, algorithms, or
procedures ASIO (Australian Secret Intelligence Organisation) uses? Any
information regarding ASIO's methods, cryptographic or otherwise, would be
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-08 20:04:45
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: Legal Deffinition of Encryption? 
Dear Sir,
them into a different group of 1's & 0's and providing a mecanisim to change
them back to the original group of 1's & 0's.
law make a diference between an "encryption" program and a "compression"
program other than the fact that the encryption program is advertized as
encryption and the compression program is advertized as compression?
I have absolutely no idea: this is a very interesting problem. Not for just
compression and encryption differention legally, but also, well, ANY other
data form. If one defines a new format for saving data (i.e a new image
format), and then exports this technology from the USA, is this exportation
of munitions due to it's unknown qualities? Or what? I know that in Australia there have been problems defining electronic data,
especially pictures (usually porn), for the purposes of prosecution.
Because, really, a pornographic picture is no more than 1's and 0's arranged
in a different way by a different algorithm. Thus I think it most likely that the law would try and approach it from the
direction of the algorithm that saved the data and the intent with which the
algorithm was written.
Otherwise, I don't know.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-09 23:58:26
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Pyramid Schemes 
Dear Sir,
Aren't these Pyramid Schemes Illegal?
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-12 14:52:56
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
Dear Sir,
You mean you guys have to have a thumbprint on your drivers licences as
well? That is a real entry into the system! Appearances can be changed, but
fingerprint changing isn't quite as easy for the average Joe.
But who was it who said: "How can you convince people of the need for
privacy when they are willing to leave detailed records of their shopping
habits for 1/10000th of a flight to somewhere"? I think it may have been Mr.Schneier in his article on why Cryptography is
difficult, I can't remember, but it definitely has the ring of truth to it.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-12 18:18:54
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Code of Practice for the Internet 
Dear All,
Found something I thought you all might find interesting.....
A body in Australia is attempting to introduce a "Code of Practice" in Australia
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-11-13 23:29:50
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Worrying... 
Isn't it worrying that so many people can happily devote their time to trying to annoy others?

@_date: 1996-11-27 12:29:15
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: First Contact 
Dear All,
Is there anything in First Contact to do with Crypto at all? Just that it
opened out here today, and I'm going to see it.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman
bgrosman -- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3ia
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-28 04:39:22
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: The Difference Between The Right And Left 
Dear Sir,
[snip generalised rambling]
Even easier, take the Nazi Party. There name points towards the left wing of
the political spectrum, and yet their policies were left wing only for the
higher echelon, which makes them right wing, as their policies weren't for
the good of the people overall. Their decided tyranny of many spectrums of
the population was also deliberately right wing. And yet the regime was not
tyrannical according to the mould developed by Stalin. It was popular: it
was voted in, and it was supported by the majority of the people throughout
it's rule.
I think you have some decent points. But they are off topic in this list,
and also highly generalised. Such a dissentation is worthy of a thesis, not
a mere hundred or so words.
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman
bgrosman -- -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3ia
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-30 04:08:14
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: Announcement: Very Good Privacy 
Dear Sir,
What puzzles me is that he included two cyphers that are _extremely_ easy to
break, the vignere cypher and the ascii cypher. Why include these? And what
is his new permutation of RC4 and DES?
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1996-12-05 19:27:07
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Encryption/data-changing in russia 
Dear All,
whilst on the subject of PGP in Russia, I encountered something very
interesting. A friend of mine who is Russian, but lives out here, frequently
corresponds with friends in Russia via email, and in the course of sending
emai, they occasionally send an attachment. However, the attachment that
_all_ his russian friends send, including the ones who use MIME capable
email clients such as Eudora, always, _always_, uuencode files, and they say
they can't do MIME. I am wondering if the encryption/data-changing laws in
Russia are so strict as to disallow MIME encoding even, but still allows UU
for some reason?
Any clues as to this?
Yours Sincerely,
Benjamin Grosman

@_date: 1997-04-28 05:39:38
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: Don Wood -- IPG 
Exactly! But _only_ after using exact same output as input...how's
_that_ for a true RNG? ;)

@_date: 1997-06-20 09:26:07
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
Dear All,
I have been an advocate of strong cryptography since my first haphazard
experiments with my own pitiful encryption schemes. Upon gaining a
little more knowledge on the subject, I have become an even stronger
advocate. The right for one to think what one likes is supposedly
"gratis", but this right is almost useless if the ability to communicate
one's thoughts to others _in a private and secure manner_ is burgeoned
by those who would grant not only to assumedly trustworthy government
departments but anyone with enough will the ability and the permission
to not only control the manner in which we communicate our thoughts with
others, but to also listen in.
And yet this is not the worst part of it all. We are reliant upon
politicians, most of whom one would be encouraged to believe are there
only due to such qualities as charisma and "political nouse", a term
unto itself really, to make decisions on that which they really have
very little idea. This decision by the U.S. Senate to endorse an action
that will only repress the whole world's ability to communicate in
private (the US being the leader by far in matters of technology,
especially the Internet) is yet another example of those ill-educated in
a particular matter succumbing to either a knee-jerk political reaction,
or a knee-jerk personal reaction. Or, as in this case, a combination of
"Child Pornorgrapy and the Internet" - in my opinion it is "The Phrase
that Pays" in practically every situation to do with the Internet,
politically speaking. I am sure that you could put forward a very good
argument as to why practically any facet of the internet should be
controlled, repressed, and spied upon, simply by mentioning the "phrase
that pays" in the company of Politicians. It engenders the
aforementioned knee-jerk reactions, encourages them, and stokes their
fires to a new level.
Over here in Australia it is generally accepted that most Australians
have a general disdain of politicians and politics in general.
Naturally, the young are at times passionately ideological, particularly
arts students with too much time on their hands, and they always have
faith in "the new vision", the new guard of politicians - the young
politicians, who will lead them in their struggle. Little do they
realise that this "new guard" had to get to their positions somehow -
usually by gaining favour with the "old guard". And in doing so they
effectively kneecap themselves : always chained to pleasing those who
got them there, they are never able to actually do anything they
themselves passionately believe (or believed) in, and they themselves
end up becoming the "old guard", sucked into a vicious circle. If indeed
they ever believed in what they claimed to be aiming to do.
Such narrow-mindedness and short-sightedness is something we would
probably have all hoped to not have seen, particularly in "leaders" of
such stature. "The Phrase that Pays" seems to only be so applicable to
the Internet: these same politicians would no doubt scream to all
reaches of the globe the right for all to free speech, and yet would
they repress the export of printing presses? Computers? Paper? Pencils?
I am sure that these tools are far more crucial to the business of Child
Pornographers than strong cryptography. It seems ridiculous to try and
control or at least impinge upon the business of child pornographers by
controlling the export of something that will only affect the ability of
those outside of the United States to view or obtain such material. But
then again, where the Communications Decency Act, a law of sheer
repression, failed, systems such as Government Key Escrow might succeed.
A later part of the article summarised this beautifully:
I guess that the whole idea of children's uncontrolled access to
information had to follow:
I am also an advocate of freedom of information, as strange as it might
sound to combine that with advocacy for privacy and security. In my
opinion there is a time and a place for everything, and it is also so
with information: certain things should remain private, and justifiably
so (e.g Credit Card numbers, bank account details, Social Security
details), but most other information can only lead in the long run to
the enhancement of our ability to learn about ourselves, and the world
in which we live. Attempting to generally control access to information
is the next step in the progression of repression of freedom. First you
repress the ability to communicate thoughts privately, as mentioned
before, and then you try and control the thoughts of the current and
next generation by restricting access to information that does not fit a
personal model. The next generation will thus have grown up accepting
this as normal, and the world is safer place. And so we have a model
society...a society that reflects the views of a past generation's
society. Every "Condition" Perpetuates Itself, Due To Every
"Condition's" Fear Of Change.
Perhaps I am being a bit alarmist. Perhaps I have been influenced too
greatly by George Orwell's "1984". Or perhaps I am seeing something here
that others have known for ages, and I have only just seen it. I am not
sure of that, but I am sure of this: I am just of voting age now in
Australia, and if I could add my voice to those trying to convince
politicians of the obvious truth here in the USA then I would. But
Australia always has and probably always will continue to follow the
path of the United States. Perhaps the only way for me to be able to
share my thoughts with others will be to remain so unimportant that
nobody could possibly be interested in me.
Benjamin Grosman
Apologies to those who were forced to read a very rambling diatribe
against this whole situation. I have tried to formulate my thoughts upon
reading the news of the defeat into something at least slightly
coherent. I will try at a later point to polish this up...

@_date: 1997-06-20 15:15:47
@_author: Benjamin Grosman 
@_subject: Re: Extremely Disappointing: Political Cryptography 
I would totally agree with you here...having an agency is definitely the
best of a bad set of choices.
And that would probably be a major problem...finding someone with whom
both the government and industry are happy.
