
@_date: 1997-09-13 10:01:24
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Hint: He's your worst nightmare... 
Lag Test  Who has returned to the CypherPunks mailing list after
             a long fucking absence?
Answer: [Your wrong guess here.]
Lag Test  What was the most obvious sign of his absence?
Answer: [Wrong answer here.]
Lag Test  Why is he really, really pissed?
Answer: [Don't worry. He'll let you know.]

@_date: 1997-09-14 23:43:53
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: InfoWar 9 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Distributed Chapter Death of InfoWar
Distributed Chapter
? the Lunatic was sitting at his keyboard, trying to concentrate,
but it was increasingly difficult as the number of pickets outside
his house grew larger.
He had used his weekend pass to go to his house in Bienfait, as
usual, to work on his secret project. However, his project didn't
seem to be as secret as it used to be. Now he had dozens of anti-nuclear
demonstrators picketing outside, day and night.
Maybe he shouldn't have mentioned he was building a nuclear bomb
on the InterNet.
Does the following provision of the amendment lighten  Tim's dim
ยง 2804. Encryption products manufactured and intended
for use in the United States ...
(d) USE OF PRIOR PRODUCTS LAWFUL.-- After January 31, 2000, it
shall not be unlawful to use any encryption product purchased
or in use prior to such date.
[Bottom page 13]
That gives about 450 days to widespread stego, surrept onions
and backchannels to prepositioned stashes.
Or, say to hell with it, coders will forever evade USCoders.
Jonathan was trying to explain to the other members of the Magic
Circle gathered around the table that the information Adam Back
had accessed to write a chapter for 'InfoWar' had not been part
of the InformEnergy that had been sent to ? the Lunatic through
the Trei Transponder.
"Who the hell is '? the Lunatic'?" Priscilla
asked, perplexed.
"It's the current Net persona assumed by our madman. Our
contact to the past, except that he's away from the 'Home' for
the weekend and we can't contact him." the Cowboy
didn't look very happy with the situation.
"Oh, Uuhh...why can't I think of his name?" Priscilla
looked puzzled, once again.
"None of us can." Alexis said, glumly. "Not
even himself."
Each of them looked at one another and silently agreed that they
'weren't going to go there,' as the saying was in the era they
had been studying. None of them really wanted to face the full
import of what this curious mental energy tie to a madman from
the past meant for their own future.
"We won't get fooled again."
Where did that thought come from?
? the Lunatic could no longer tell where any of his thoughts were
coming from. Or where the hell they were going to,
for that matter.
He seemed to be safe from the ThoughtPolice and the MindThieves
as long as he was at home on the weekends, wearing his 'special
hat'. He had managed to sneak some aluminum foil out of the kitchen
at the 'Home' and make another 'special hat,' but that one didn't
work, for some strange reason. Maybe they were putting something in the water...
But that still wouldn't explain how Adam Back had managed to tap
into Jonathan's dream that ? the Lunatic had had the night before
he left the 'Home.'
How did Back get that information? And why was ? the Lunatic having
dreams that didn't belong to him? He knew he was crazy, he had
resigned himself to that long ago, but at least it was his
craziness, back then. Now it seemed to be somebody else's craziness
that was inside his head.
"Maybe everybody's craziness!"
Where the hell did that thought come from?
? the Lunatic knew that something weird was going on, but he really
didn't want to think about it right now...or about what it
portended for his future.
our age.
Hmmmm... "My country 'tis of thee, land of gerontocracy"...
encryption should be  I'm afraid the set was large as you would
Amen. I, for one, say that the only hope is technological. If
you make commerce and
finance cheaper without book entries, then book entry taxation
and regulation go away.
Hope we don't get fooled again, and all that, but at least
you don't have Archie* looking up your dress anymore...
Bob Hettinga
*WWI pilot expression for anti-aircraft fire. Named for a music
character with very shiny shoes. Hmmm^2. A cypherpunk neologism,
I'll use it if you will...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman
The e$ Home Page: "Who the fucking hell is Robert fucking
The Cowboy was getting more and more pissed off at the others
around the old oak table bringing people up in their conversation
who he had no idea of who the hell they were.
He didn't realize that the people bringing up their names had
no idea who the hell they were, either. "Well, Alexis?"
Alexis looked confused, and just shrugged her shoulders.
"CypherPunk." Jonathan said, without looking
up from the charts he was building with the paper and Crayons
that he had fabricated with information he had found in the Museum
of Antiquities archives.
Jonathan drew several more lines between the various coconspirators
in the plot against the CypherPunks list before he noticed that
everyone around him had gone silent, and that they were waiting
for him to continue.
He looked up, sheepishly.
"Sorry. I didn't mean to be rude, it's just that my attention
Nobody was paying any attention to Jonathan. They were all lost
in various small tasks which seemed to consume all of their consciousness
and want more, as they were drawn deeper and deeper into...
Into what...?
"Nuke D.C." Bubba shouted, bringing everybody
up out of their chairs, shaking in their collective boots.
Bubba sat a bottle of "Bubba's Special Reserve" on the
table and gave everyone a fresh shotglass. Two ounces of 'liquid
attention' later, Jonathan resumed speaking as if he had never
"Crypto-Financier extraordinare." Jonathan said.
"The Father of eCa$h."
Jonathan was lost in thought for a moment, wondering how to further
describe Hettinga's role in the late 1990's that was the main
focus of their present concern, and added,
"Basically, he came out of nowhere to become a major player
in a cross-breed between two of the most important areas of his
time...finance and encryption.
"He was a big fish in a small pond, but it was a pond full
of fish which were evolving, instead of moving toward extinction
and..." Jonathan paused to reflect on what he knew
of Hettinga's overall history, "...he was a shark."
"No one could ever quite figure out whether he was a con
man, a government shill, or the front-man for some very powerful
figures who wanted to remain in the background so that they could
hold on to the reins of the dying financial empires at the same
time that they were grasping hold of the new, evolving world of
Electronic Finance.
"Regardless, he was a player."
"He was a player..." Jonathan said, looking
down, once again, at the chart of conspirators which seemed to
ebb and flow like the eternal Tao, with everything and everybody
becoming its opposite when viewed from a different perspective.
 CC: e$
What is the real issue here, what makes the govt so insistent
about wanting to ban crypto? What is such a threat to them that
it makes them pass laws that are profoundly against the US constitution?
What causes their panic?
To this, all I can find of enough magnitude to put them in such
state is that they just recently *truly* realized that crypto
will, infinitely more than to threaten the security of the state,
threaten their very existence by putting them outside of the money
To paraphrase somebody, "individuals recognize taxation as
damage and routes their e$ around"
I think that *this* debate should be injected in the population
and the *bogus* "national security" debate should be
dismissed as, just that : bogus.  Any comments about why we should *not* put most emphasis on the
 financial aspect of crypto?

@_date: 1997-09-20 15:33:34
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: InfoWar 15 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
The Real Problem The Problem Within The Problem
The Real Problem
Reply-To: platypus
x-url: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
What about orfins? I dout thay would be able to save up money,
about thouse whos emplyers where not willing to pay them more
then what is
needed to live to the next week?
~~ Please excuse my spelling as I suffer from agraphia see the url
in my header. Never trust a country with more peaple then sheep. ex-net.scum
and proud
You Say To People "Throw Off Your Chains" And They Make
New Chains For
Themselves? --Terry Pratchett
The Real Guy didn't know why this particular post to the CypherPunks
mailing list had caught his eye. It was a pretty basic example
of some of the anarchist versus realist banter that was traded
on the list from time to time.
Perhaps what caught his eye was that this post was one of the
dying remnants of a fading civilization, and it was interspersed
among a number of posts aligning with a rapidly approaching future.
This short, seemingly inconsequential post to the CypherPunks
list somehow appeared in his mind to be representative of a problem
that he had been working over in his mind lately, trying to get
a handle on it-to define it.
To define what he suspected was the real problem...
That's why he had changed his online persona from ? the Lunatic
to "The Real Guy." To remind himself of his new direction.
It was impossible, he knew, to define once and for all time, what
the ever-present, nefarious "problem" was. It was like
the Tao, always flowing, always changing. But he suspected that
perhaps this, in itself, might actually be the real problem.
Then again, perhaps not...since it didn't seem to be a problem
for the CypherPunks' Philosopher King; the one he called the Grouchy
Old CypherPunk.
The King of Philosophical Grouchiness changed the signature-line
in his email as the problems facing society and the weathervane
CypherPunks changed.
Lately, he had been changing it with increasing frequency, and
this made The Real Guy very, very nervous. (He had watched a tornado
forming one time, from its very center, and its chief creative
feature seemed to be, not the particular direction the wind was
changing to, but the increasing frequency of the change.)
Perhaps The Real Guy was on the wrong track, here, giving so much
thought to what seemed to be just an everyday, normal post to
a mailing list which had no shortage of strange, lengthy rants
about everything imaginable, no matter how weird or far-out it
may have been. He suspected, however, that the real reason most
people watched a television news program of the day, called '60
Minutes,' was because they were waiting to hear what the 'regular'
guy had to say. The Real Guy thought of him as a 'regular' guy,
not because he was on the show regularly, but because he was like
real people; he was a 'real' guy, himself.
The Regular Guy at the end of the program was always talking about
real problems that regular, everyday people experienced
every single day of their life.
He was kind of like a Grouchy Old CypherPunk who dealt with everyday
stuff instead of stuff that was going to change the world practically
When The Real Guy read the post by snow and ? the Platypus, he
couldn't help but envision them still discussing who was responsible
for the orphans far into the future, right up to the point when
the darkly clad, heavily armed Storm Troopers broke down their
doors and burst into their houses.
He could see them, in his mind's eye, and hear them, in his mind's
ear, as they politely asked the armed intruders who they
thought would "take care of the orfins" in an anarchist,
taxless society. [Bang!] He could see them sink slowly
to their knees, in pain, holding their stomachs, as their blood
flowed rapidly out of their bodies, and they spoke the last words
that would inevitably prove to be the last words of a multitude
of CypherPunks spread across the face of the globe as the forces
of fascist dictatorships hunted them down and deleted their signature
files upon this celestial orb: "Then I guess that a blow-job
is completely out of the question....aaarrrrggghhh!"
The Real Guy shook himself out of his reverie and realized that
Dimitri Vulis' evil influence on him had perhaps been more than
he had previously thought.
Turning back to the task at hand, he thought about the many definitions
of the problem, (AKA the real problem) that he had
come across, over the course of his lifetime, and how each of
them may have been appropriate for the time and circumstances
to which they were meant to apply.
Perhaps the eternal problem had to do with addressing the latest,
greatest version of the real problem, whatever that might
be. There was no doubt that the Dark Forces had their minions
creating new, improved problems at an increasingly fast rate as
the end of the millennium approached. As well, their human compatriots
had mastered the art of devising systems which ensured that by
the time any specific 'problem' had traveled through the government
and societal systems of laws, regulations and mores, that any
'solution' reached would be long outdated and meaningless.
A democracy which doesn't respect its limits of power is the problem.
has always been the problem with all forms of governments and
will continue
to be the problem with all forms of government (even anarchy).
People are people, people are strange; it isn't a question of
technology [1] or time.
[1] Governments are a form of technology.
The solution is people taking more direct and immediate action
in the first
person. Always has been, always will be.
Irrespective of all the spin-doctor protestations to the contrary
Governments are governed by the 3 laws of thermodynamics just
everything else:
You can't get ahead
You can't break even
You can't quit the game
The failing with the founding fathers is that there were not enough
amendments in the Bill of Rights explicitly listing citizen rights
federal duties and limits in the first place. THAT is the problem
our government today: even the harshest critics of their day trusted
federal government too much.
-Alan Greenspan-__________________
Armadillo Group__________________________|
The Real Guy thought about Choate's statement: "The solution
is people taking more direct and immediate action in the first
He had no doubt that Choate's definition of the real
problem ("with our government today") was no more right
nor wrong than many of the other definitions proffered on the
CypherPunks list, as well as throughout history, but he sensed
that perhaps Choate's stated 'solution' came startlingly close
to what would ultimately prove to be the real solution
to the troubles that were rapidly swamping the ship of freedom
in this era of human and societal evolution.
Which led to 'the problem within the problem.'
And The Real Guy had no idea what that was...
The Problem Within The Problem
"To him who does what within him lies, God will not deny
his grace."
- Saint Thomas Aquinas Bubba Rom Dos brought the quote to the screen, pleased with himself
for having provided the solution to The Real Guy's question.
"That is the 'problem within the problem?'" Alexis
asked the grizzled sage, looking puzzled.
"No, no. Of course not, my dear. "That," he said, pointing to the quote,
"is the 'solution within the solution.'"
The Cowboy laughed loudly at this statement, turning to Bubba
and suggesting, "You've been watching the Steve Allen
TV shows again, haven't you, Bubba?"
He turned to the others, to explain his veiled reference.
"Steve Allen was a kind of early TV Taoist who had a way
of turning things on their ear, as the saying was back then. While
some TV shows would give the answers to questions sent in by their
viewers, he would have his viewers send him their answers, to
which he would then provide the appropriate question."
"Thirty-six, twenty-four, thirty six." Bubba
called out his answer.
"What were the ages of the Three Musketeers?" the
Cowboy responded with the appropriate question.
Priscilla, Alexis and Jonathan gave each other desperate looks,
knowing that they were about to be subjected to the mad ramblings
of a drunken tag-team of self-proclaimed world saviors, as they
attempted to draw the others into yet another of their "insane,
inane, falling mainly in the plain" bumbling and stumbling
attacks on intellect, rationality and proper decorum.
"OK, I'll bite." Jonathan was the first to speak.
"But, since we already know that your solution is insane,
why don't you give us the proof of its applicability to
the 'problem within the problem' and let us..."
he motioned to himself and the ladies, "divine the
real problem, and the 'problem within the problem?'"
"Fair enough!" said the Cowboy, motioning for
Bubba to begin.
Bubba threw up a quote on the GraphiScreen from Julian Jaynes'
"The Evolution of Consciousness in the Breakdown of Bicameral
"Why is it that in our daily lives we cannot get up above
ourselves to authorize ourselves into being what we really wish
to be?
"So that behavior flows from decision...so that whatever
in us it is that refers to a 'will' stands master and captain
over action?"
The Cowboy grinned and turned to the three 'contestants' in this
lighthearted parody of a variety of bad game shows of the era
they were dealing with.
"This is the question which indicates the results of the
problem and the solution to the problem, but what is the problem?"
He left the challenge of answering his question to the three
participants, pushing his bottle of Jim Beam into the center of
the table to indicate the reward for a proper reply.
Without hesitating, Alexis scrolled through the work on the screen,
knowing that, in all likelihood, Jaynes had addressed the problem
in an adjoining passage. She reached for the bottle and poured
herself, Priscilla and Jonathan a shot, as she highlighted:
"We are learned in self-doubt, scholars of our very failures,
geniuses at excuse and tomorrowing our resolves. We become practiced
in powerless resolution until hope gets undone and dies in the
"And then to rise above this noise of knowledge and really
change ourselves, we need an authorization that 'we' do
not have."
Bubba and the Cowboy had grinned from ear to ear when Priscilla
had reached forward with the tip of her finger, to highlight the
last of the sentence.
"Precisely!" they agreed, in unison.
"The problem," Jonathan posited, "was
that, leading up to the end of the millennium, the advances in
technology and education were designed by those behind the scenes
to give the appearance of empowerment to the individuals within
the authority of the group." Jonathan wasn't quite sure
just what he was trying to get at, so he turned to the women for
"Democracy, mass-production, elections, free schooling,
public works..." Priscilla was making a 'set' of something...she
wasn't sure of what, however.
Alexis thought for a moment, and jumped in, saying, "At
the same time, the study of human psychology was entering an era
where the existence and power of the subconscious was being recognized
and exploited.
"Hypnosis, brain-washing, advertising, spin doctoring..."
"Group mind!" all of those gathered around the
table spoke as if in a single voice.
"Little boxes on the hillside, and they're all made out
of ticky-tacky. And they all look like boxes, little boxes just
the same." Priscilla sang a lilting tune attributed to
a singer named Joni Mitchell of that general era.
"The tyranny of the masses!" Jonathan shouted
out, excited at remembering this phrase from long childhood nights
spent perusing posts to the original CypherPunks mailing list.
"The printing press, factories, fashions, all moving society
toward a world in which the yoke of serfdom was apparently being
thrown off the necks of the peasants, as kings and rulers fell
by the wayside in the name of democracy and freedom.
"But the Iron Hand of the monarchy, the priest and the dictator
was replaced by the Steel Jaws of social mores and public opinion."
Alexis nodded, adding, "They overthrew a higher authority
only to fall prey to becoming a cog in the creation and machinations
of a group authority."
She struggled to understand what it was she was trying to
put her finger on, saying, "They merely replaced one authority
with another which they perceived to be a lighter burden because
it more closely fit their wants and needs at the time."
"The problem," Jonathan interrupted, excitedly,
"was that, rather than seizing the mantle of authority
over themselves and accepting responsibility for the life and
their actions, they merely moved it from the hands of a small
few, into the hands of the group."
"And the 'problem within the problem,'" Alexis
continued, "was that right and wrong, good and evil, knowledge
and wisdom, was still not by virtue of their own authority, any
more than it was when they were ruled by kings and priests."
Bubba and the Cowboy nodded at each other, agreeing that their
challenge had been met in a remarkably astute manner.
"So the problem was that they moved from monarchy and
plutocracy to democracy and..." the Cowboy left the
question hanging in the air.
Jonathan, for the first time in his life, felt like he finally
understood why the CypherPunks stood at a nadir point in history
during the early years of the creation and propagation of the
CypherPunks mailing list. He slowly intoned,
"...and failed to move onward...to anarchy."
Copyright "TruthMonger "And I can cook, too..."
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite

@_date: 1997-10-11 06:45:18
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Fuck You! 
I found your address, despite your subterfuge, and I am going to fuck
up both you and your computer system.
I don't like fuckwads sending bullshit to my email.
Fuck You
(& the horse you rode in on)

@_date: 1997-10-15 00:40:22
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Miss Canadian Slut International 
Dear Mr. Beauvais,
  I noticed on a visit to your website that you are a "Proud sponsor of
Miss Canada Int. 97/98."
  I was wondering if you are reconsidering your sponshership in light
of the fact that they award the title to sluts and whores.
  I was watching Jenny Jones, and thought that the lady, Gabrielle, was
a very nice young woman, and a good role model for young women, but
a representative of Miss Canada International corrected my error by
pointing out that the woman is a trashy whore for taking a job with
a legitimante Canadian business which she disapproved of.
  Accordingly, I am informing all of my male friends that it will be
perfectly acceptable to slip their hands up the skirts of future Miss
Canada International contestants, since they are all sluts and whores.
  I was wondering if this also applies to the models you represent and
work with, since you seem to be proud of an sponsering an organization
that regards the bright and talented young women who represent them
as sluts and whores. Do you also regard the women that you work with as
sluts and whores?
 Bianca

@_date: 1997-10-15 16:12:21
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Just say "Huh?" to key recovery concerns...keep OpenPGP pure 
I hate to insert a modicum of realism into an otherwise wonderful debate
currently taking place on the Cypherpunks list in regard to the saints
or sinners (depending on the angle that one is pissing from) at PGP,
Inc.(arcerated, if PRZ hadn't folded his hand).
However, my Bullshit Meter indicates that bullshit is currently 'en
vogue' as the preferred 'opiate of the masses' and that the ultra-fine
distinctions between GAK and CMR that are being hotly debated on the list are likely to be largely ignored by the huddled masses, yearning to be monitored.
Call it Double Speak or Spin Doctoring, it doesn't really matter. The
citizen-units have bought into the 'America's Funniest Home Videos of
Law Enforcement Agents Busting Dark Skinned Threats To Decent Americans
On Prime-Time TV Thanks To Total Video Surveillance of the Citizenry'
message being promulgated by the mainstream entertainment/news media.
This is why nobody even blinked when legislation was recently passed
which criminalized the possession of toilet plungers, except for those
involved in meeting the legitmate needs of law enforcement to shove
toilet plungers up the citizens' assholes.
(Hell, I usually pay extra for that...)
OK, so I just made that stuff up. Nonetheless, it *could* be true at
some point in the near future, if DoubleSpeak, NewSpeak, SpinSpeak
and I'mTooTiredToFightItAnymoreSpeak become the unchallenged rule
of the day (which is not far from becoming a total reality).
However, the point which I am not terribly concerned about making
is this:
  The great sin of ViaCrypt/PGP is that they are failing to maintain
standards of integrity that are far above that of the large mass of
humanity that they are counting on to comprise the bulk of their
customer base.
What is the quote...??? "Nobody ever went broke underestimating the intelligence of the
public." (?)
I would very much prefer that ViaCrypt separate their 'Corporate Message
Recovery' software from the PGP name/reputation-capital, but I would
rather the situation remain as it is than to see PGP/ViaCrypt go under
and leave the encryption software field to those with *no* history of
'doing the right thing.'
I sincerely hope that the CMR software is the result of those designing
it getting caught up in the erronius security concepts being promulgated
by those with a fascist axe to grind, and that it is not the result of
people of integrity 'consciously' averting their gaze from reality in
order to increase their bottom line.
If the current form of PGP/CMR is the result of normal diversion of the
optimum design, due to the time/monetary pressures of everyday business,
then the flaws in the product can be rectified in the future.
If this is not the case, then it will be incumbent upon those who are
aware of the dangers the technology presents, in its current form, to
develop viable methods of circumventing the technology's flaws and/or
To tell the truth, my main concern with the direction that PGP/CMR has
taken is that there are not many role models left in life, and it would
be a shame to lose yet another one due to lack of the character and
perserverance that is needed to go against the grain of everyday
business reality.
The posts to the Cypherpunks list surrounding the issues involved in
the current release of corporate PGP have been very enlightening to
those of us who count on those such as Peter, Adam, William and others
to 'shake it down' from a technical perspective. However, the pros and
cons being debated on the list will have little meaning in the long
run if those of us who are capable of understanding the issues involved
do not take the time, and make the effort, to fully understand the
implications involved, and to use whatever influence we have in society
and the computer industry to rail against the dangers and work toward
optimum solutions to the weaknesses and shortcomings in the technology
which can threaten privacy, liberty and freedom.
The fact of the matter is, although a company does indeed have a right
to exercise control and supervision over their business affairs, they have no right to exercise the same amount of control and supervision over an employee's phone call or email to his or her spouse, or family
members, or their communications with the cable company over when they
can be present at home to have their cable TV hooked up.
If a company has set up a system whereby an employee needs to ask
permission to make an unmonitored phone call, or send a personally
encrypted email during the course of the business day, then the
company and the employee have become adversaries.
Governments and Corporations become fascist dictators 'by default.'
When they remain conscientious, humanitarian institutions over a long
period of time, it is the result of the efforts of those within the
governments and corporations to 'make' it so.
If man does not rule the machine, then the machine will rule the man.
[Women rule *both* (;->)------(<-;)]
There is a far cry of diffenence between:
1) "Boss, can I have permission to talk privately, without supervisory
  monitoring, to my child's doctor, since he/she is sick and the doctor
  needs to speak frankly and privately to me?"
2) "Boss, I needed to speak privately to my child's doctor, so I   bypassed the monitoring mechanisms and informed my supervisor
  as to my reasons for doing so."
3) "Boss, I damn glad I work in one of the few remaining companies
  where I am trusted to act in the best interests of both myself
  and the company, and not be spied on over every minor detail out
  of a sense of mistrust."
I realize that we live in a world where the company president (of
Borland?) can steal company secrets and take them with him/her to
his/her new place of employement. And janitors can go through the
garbage to gain access to company secrets that they can sell to
the competition.
However, I truly believe that TOTAL SECURITY is an impossible goal,
and that internal company security should be geared toward making
it necessary for outside forces to attack the system in order for
the corporate information system to be compromised.
The situation within a company is much the same as the situation
within a country. Even the most fascist and draconian of rules and regulations will not prevent the anti-fascists and anti-
draconians from playing the secrecy/security game better than
one's own players. (Or prevent the janitor from inadvertently
leaving valuable corporate information lying on the top of the
garbage pile.)
Corporate Security is not a far cry different from National Security or Private Security.
All involve an elliptical curve beyond which 'security' becomes
our oppressor, rather than our savior.
I have listened closely to both sides of the debate over corporate
interests versus government shenanigans, and do not disagree too
strongly with either side of the debate.
I believe what may be understated is the reality that any government,
any philosophy or psychology, any devised system of democracy or
security, is dependent upon the knowledge, wisdom and integrity of
those who are involved in upholding the concepts underlying it.
It matters little whether the Supreme Court is 'stacked' with
liberals or conservatives, it is still 'stacked.'
It matters little whether we are 'pretending' to listen to the
arguments of our 'liberal' or 'conservative' foes, we are still
'pretending' to be men and women of reason.
The great danger that exists is that men and women of high intellect
and reason will make the mistake of assuming that their fellow
primates are working off of the same game sheet as they are.
If the same party takes all of the steps backward, as the other
party keeps stepping forward, then the word 'compromise' is being
misused. Buy a clue...
I have no more desire to live in a world full of Dimitri Vulis's than I do to live in a world full of Tim C. Mays.
I want to live in a world full of CypherPissers who shoot themselves
in the foot as often as they shoot each other in the head, so that
the Universe maintains its natural balance.
Ignorant incompetence is a far less troubling manifestation than is that of conscious evil. Yet we live in a world that 'condemns' the
former and 'compromises' with the latter.
What I find troubling is the fact that 'evil' seems to have a game
plan, while 'good' seems to be locked in an endless argument over
how to proceed so that every aspect of life remains unequivocably 'equal,' no matter whether nature itself cries out against it.
In effect, 'evil' is in agreement, and advances, while 'good' is
locked in battle with itself, arguing over how many angels can stand on the head of a pin.
The longer we refrain from speaking out against the evils of Waco,
the more we will be faced with OKC bombings. If all of us had
protested loud and long over the Waco injustice, then there would
have been no need for the universe to balance it out with OKC.
The turbulence and/or violence of our future is dependant upon
where we draw the line, as individuals and as a society, where we say, "This far, and no further."
The end result of the government's promotion of GAK, or PGP's
implementaion of CMR, will not be dependent upon the aims and
goals of those promoting and developing the concepts and the
underlying methodologies behind them, but upon the willingness
or unwillingness of you and I to 'go gently into the night'
when we are faced with an opponent who steps across the line
we have drawn in the sand to represent our own beliefs and
level of personal integrity.
The more of us who are willing to compromise by 'moving' that
line, the more that Doom closes quickly around us, and we are
hung on the cross, with Nine Inch Nails.
  "Alice? Alice? Who the fuck is Alice? Is she a Cypherpunk?"

@_date: 1997-10-28 07:20:23
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Re: prova 
There is supposed to be a '::' at the start for proper sintax.
(What is that in _*your*_ mouth, HG-P?)
ps you are going to be in big big trouble when your uncle gets back

@_date: 1997-10-28 07:26:25
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Re: prova 
I might as well get in trouble too...
Maybe Attila will _*spank*_ me. [I am only twelve ;>]
Misty Formea

@_date: 1997-10-28 08:13:53
@_author: Bianca 
@_subject: Apology 
The good news is that the computers at the 'Home for the Criminally
Insane' are back in the hands of the 'Children of a Lesser Lunatic.'
The bad news is that these kids are the Cypherpunks of the future.
Tip of the Day: If you are going to attempt to hide your subversive
  email activities from your elders by deleting messages from the
  'Inbox,' then don't forget to empty the 'Trash' folder.
Anyone in favor of corporal punishment (as opposed to loss of 'Simpsons' privileges) send email to ualdv8
{Not you, Attila. You have a vested interest.}
 Bianca
