
@_date: 1995-07-13 20:54:51
@_author: Le Dieu D'Informations Insensibles... 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
How about one of the Middle Eastern countries? Saudi Arabia would have
been good until recently, but they've just signed the Berne Convention on
copyrights...so there's one down. On the plus side, the authorities haven't
banned crypto yet. Why? One only wonders.
        Kuwait has ready-made Internet access, but is, if I'm not mistaken,
also a signatory to the international copyright convention. Both Kuwait and
the KSA are also very friendly with the U.S., though I cannot name any
specific case of extradition between the two countries. Given the choice
between a Saudi court and a U.S. one, however, I'd pick the U.S. :-)
        Why not Yemen, Oman, or Lebanon? We'd have to start an ISP by
ourselves, but the countries are small enough...or just recovering from civil
war...such that nothing would be noticed(fingers crossed). Oman has CISnet
access...maybe something could be built on that. For Yemen or Lebanon, we'd
have to get a satellite hookup(which presents its own problems).
        Besides, Oman has simply _beautiful_ scenery. :-)                In theory. To actually set up a data haven takes more resources than I
have. IMHO, however, one of the smaller Middle Eastern countries would be
good, as they generally don't(unless I'm mistaken) have reciprocal copyright
treaties with the U.S., are not generally signatories of the Berne Convention
(except KSA and the UAE and maybe Kuwait), and do not look likely to outlaw
crypto. David Molnar
lo...look to the sig, for there will be no sign

@_date: 1995-07-17 17:23:06
@_author: Le Dieu D'Informations Insensibles... 
@_subject: Re: ECM list. 
Why not offer an anonymous proxy of some kind for e-cash? You can
charge per connect or per unit of time, simply to demonstrate the concept. The
techniques developed for remailers(breaking up messages...accepting PGP-
encrypted destinations...varying times...so on) could find an application
here. If a chain could be constructed, it would help protect the identity of
the user(assuming no collusion between operators). The problem is, as always, to write the code. Not to mention the
ethical/possibly legal question of selling anonymity...
Another possible service: selling gems of wisdom in pieces.
Find or write a gem of wisdom...taking into account copyright laws and so
Then set up a storefront via telnet or http...a sort of kiosk. Customers can
then buy secrets or portions of secrets...or percentages. Use a secret
splitting algorithm to allow people to 'split the cost' of a secret and then
get in touch with each other through anonymous remailers set up for that
purpose by your kiosk.
        Depending on the information you're selling(whether it be the secret
key for BlackNet or simply the contents of your CD collection), you could earn
some e-cash this way. An all-or-nothing-disclosure-of-secrets protocol might
also come in handy.
        Again, the problem is sitting down and writing the code. Has anyone
made any significant efforts toward either of these yet, with or without CD$?
David Molnar
lo...look to the sig, for there will be no sign

@_date: 1995-07-21 19:17:22
@_author: dows 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
tried(mainly Nuntius and Newswatcher) have felt incredibly slow compared to tin. What, IMHO, would be a good step forward would be Mac versions of UNIX packages like pine and tin...preferably with AppleScripts that implement the same functionality as the PineSign and TinSign scripts recently distributed here. I don't know about the Netscape-addicted masses, but it would make my life a lot easier. :-)
David Molnar

@_date: 1995-07-22 09:54:08
@_author: dows 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
been. My Mac is a 25 MHz 040...not that fast these days, but pretty good. I simply miss being able to tab through my news.
one is hobbled by the fact that the tin program resides on the other side of the link. In most cases, the link itself, and the machine it connects to, are insecure. This means that one cannot easily use PGP to auto-sign messages without keeping the key and a copy of PGP on the remote server.
One can, of course, pre-compose the message, sign/encrypt it, and then upload it, but that is a great deal of work compared to simply using TinSign.
It also works against the spontaneous nature of news(for me, at least). When was the last time you went to a newsgroup knowing everything you would say in advance?
means anything. :-) I see your point, 'cypherpunks write code' and all. Simply wishing that I could run tin (relatively) securely on my Mac w/out needing to install FreeBSD or Linux(which I want to do, anyway).
David Molnar

@_date: 1995-09-03 10:09:37
@_author: presumably unique 
@_subject: Re: Direct Socket to Remailer? 
you 'Mis-identifying the sender is an abuse of computing resources.' on their machines' port 25. I take this to imply that they don't take kindly to such use of their machines by students or non-students...but what they would do to a non-CMU student is not clear. Come to think of it, would there be legal issues involved in forging e-mail addresses? Can one have a reasonable expectation of identity in ordinary e-mail? Probably not. How about mail authenticated with PGP, RIPEM, Notes, or a similar system?
We've seen key certification by VeriSign, among others...and, if we assume a certification structure which requires checking the True Name of the person, then we have a link between the key and the identity. All well and good.
If we add key escrow to this certification structure, or require a True Name for *all* keys, then one could have 'identity escrow'...a situation in which pseudonymous keys can be created and distributed with certification that they really belong to a (presumably unique) True Name. In the example of a bank with anonymous officers, their identities might be held by another organization(oversight committee, industry certification authority, etc.), and revealed in the event of an investigation. Doesn't VeriSign already sign 'Personality Certificates'(sorry if not the right term) for pseudonymous IDs? Obviously, setting and enforcing limits on keys per person, should that be desirable, could be difficult. In the simplest case of one verified key and identity per person, an entity who can satisfy the verification process multiple times can be issued multiple keys. If there are a number of independent Certification Authorities, and assuming they don't cross-check, one could get as many keys as there are CAs. Lag time between, say, the Dhahran, Saudi Arabia office of the CA and the rest of the structure might also allow for two or more keys at once.
There's probably a dozen different ways to fool a CA or group of CAs. Unfortunately, they're likely to be so difficult, and the penalties severe enough(e.g. permanent revocation of all keys with a particular CA), that few will use them. I wonder if this sort of "feature" is already on tap for a Government Certification Authority in the U.S.. If pseudonymity is offered at all(perhaps as a sort of compromise), it seems reasonable that any State-sponsored CA would insist on identity escrow. The next logical step, of course, would be to subordinate, discredit, or outlaw other CAs, in order to minimize the 'possibility' of 'evil criminals' using the 'national information infrastructure' for 'nefarious acts of impersonation'.
Web-of-trust would probably still be legal. It would be absurdity to even attempt to outlaw it, as one would hope the example of PGP has shown. One might as well outlaw gossip. Unfortunately, web-of-trust is rarely as extensive(at least for me) than a full-blown certification hierarchy. It is certainly more work.
In effect, the State would reserve to itself the ability to certify keys on a large scale, on its terms. Scary.
On the other hand, it could also make for some very interesting situations...such as a pseudonymous identity, accredited by the State, able to participate in elections, enter into binding contracts, and telecommute to work. Again, making sure no one registers and votes twice might be a bit of work. Perhaps down the line, such an identity could run for office. The line 'I'm With Stupid' takes on a whole new meaning...
David Molnar
P.S. Andrew L : Yes, I'm the same person you knew in Houston! Have you received the mail I sent you?
