
@_date: 1996-12-31 23:17:19
@_author: David Molnar 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Sorry. I apologize for my emotional involvement; I find this issue annoying, mainly because it will affect me directly. in schools and libraries choose to install security software of some sort. This causes their machines to behave in odd ways, insofar as they find and delete all foreign data. A variant of the same quirk prevents one from recognizing any but a select set of applications, no matter where they are placed.
Netscape is one of these apps. PGP is not.
My only access to e-mail, during much of the year, is through just such a lab. As a result, I am in the unenviable position of using hotmail.com and mailmasher.com for most of my correspondence. Even if it were possible to install PGP on these machines, there is no provision as yet for the kind of integration possible with, say, Eudora, PIdaho, or pine. Special client software might ameliorate the problem, but will not be installed without much administrative hand-wringing.
I am fortunate enough to have my own computer. I can create messages there w/PGP and then bring them to a networked computer for sending. My chances of doing so are about equal to the chance that UNLV will win the Rose Bowl next year. The simple fact is that I am lazy. I respond to messages on cypherpunks spontaneously, as I see topics of interest (and this is one of 'em!). Rather than somehow forcing me to spend more "thought" and "energy" in my posts, these kinds of measures will create frustration and disillusionment, _ESPECIALLY_ when things fail to interface correctly and cause my messages to bounce. I have no patience for such arbitrary criteria.
Making message delivery harder will not magically cause me to spend more time on the actual composition. It will simply take time away from the next message. I try to spend a fair amount of time on each post already...why should I be penalized for attempting to contribute?
In any case, what bogeyman are we worried about, anyway? Pseudonyms? This list is already full of 'em. That's nothing new. Forged messages? If you trust anything you read on the Internet...well.. Privacy? It's a public mailing list, and one which I have long respected for its tradition of openness and inclusion.
Sorry about the ranting, but as I noted above, my own ox is being gored here. :-) -David Molnar

@_date: 1997-01-02 02:05:54
@_author: David Molnar 
@_subject: subliminal channels and software failure modes 
Just a thought I had the other day. Probably unconciously plagarized, but bear with me.
What about using subliminal channels as a tool to signal software failure? That is, suppose we define some kind of condition in which the software could continue to work, but should not. In addition, simple cessation of function is not possible, or not advisable. For examples, all that comes to mind off the top of my head is "stolen" software...though perhaps one might use subliminal channels for diagnostic equipment if competitors are assumed to be listening in? When such a condition is met, the software modifies its output (which should be signed w/something which has a nice, big subliminal channel...SHA?) to signal the condition and the particulars. After modifying itself to produce the altered output, it deletes the code responsible for the modification. Unless caught in the act, or compared to a legitimate copy, the application appears no different than before.
I was thinking in terms of crypto (or other) software that attempts to personalize itself to a particular machine. If someone steals the HD or grabs the keys and program, their output will be 'tainted', alerting legitimate users to the theft. Hardware disconnected from its normal environment might use such a channel to indicate its 'stolen' or 'temporarily down - come fix' status. This is security through obscurity...the chances of it working are about the chance that no one notices the change or finds the code responsible. I suppose the software  industry (and the pirates) will be too happy to provide examples of many attempts to use such schemes. For this reason, I would only ask if it makes sense for limited distributions of software or hardware products. Is this kind of system already in use? Any ideas on making it more applicable to general distribution, or has this already been tried and discarded?
David Molnar
