
@_date: 1993-08-17 19:05:29
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: encrypted anonymous traffic 
I have better things to do with my time than deal with abusive
messages. If you have something you would like me to consider,
you will, first, remove all personal remarks from your message,
and, second, you will refrain from rhetoric and give me reasons.

@_date: 1993-08-18 13:36:00
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: my aps 
There are several issues I want to address in this message. One
is communication style, another is the nature of my anonymous
service, and finally, what I think about the whole thing.
On communication style: some people have this delusion that they
can write to others and expect or even demand a reply. Well, it
isn't so. If someone writes to me, I'm under no a priori
obligation to read, to try to understand, or to spend effort
replying. This is irrespective of the style *or* the content of
their message.
In general, the only thing that obligates one to answer another is
the prior respect that one should have for others -- which has to
be lived up to in *their* actions. Mr. Detweiler simply blew it.
His original message was full of insults and insinuations and,
quite frankly, he should consider himself honored that I bothered
to tell him where he went wrong. _Of course_, any legitimate
issues he brought up in the same message weren't addressed. He
demanded of me that I address those issues -- and that I deal
with hus abusiveness.
As you may guess, I really have no interest in addressing Mr.
Detweiler directly; I figure he's got a few years of mental
development to go through before I'll consider him fit for
carrying out any sort of rational conversation with. However,
others have been more reasonable and I'll try to address some of
their concerns and to point out some of the relevant
circumstances surrounding my service.
The first thing you need to understand is that my anonymous
service is integral to a specific community of people who have
suffered through childhood abuse and adult sexual abuse. (In
fact, essentially everyone on the group who is dealing with adult
sexual abuse is also dealing with childhood abuse.) It is
intended only for the users of a specific set of newsgroups,
alt.sexual.abuse.recovery and its .d group.
On the newsgroup, there are usually several individuals who are
"that close" to committing suicide. Some will be shortly, or have
been recently, in psychiatric wards. Most have been in, or are
contemplating, psychological therapy of one sort or another.
Quite a few are taking medication for various psychiatric
This is neither the time nor the place to discuss the wherefors
and whys of abuse recovery; you'll just have to take it as a
given that the rules used for understanding people in general
won't work so well when applied to this newsgroup, or to my
anonymous service.
I provide a service to people who, at least in specific areas,
are not rational, who are definitely irrational. I know of, for
example, one person who went into convulsions simply because they
received e-mail from a person who, many years ago, had abused a
In line with that, my service differs from the standard anonymous
services. One is that it *is* integrated into the community. I am
a survivor myself, I offer personal assistance (in computer
matters) to people in the group, I forward the newsgroup via
e-mail to those who can't get it otherwise, and so on. These are
all part of what I do, not just running the anonymous service.
(In fact, I have to occasionally correct the erroneous belief
that I am responsible for the newsgroup; not surprising when you
realize that over half the newsgroup goes through my server.) My
service has things like being able to turn on and off e-mail
forwarding. People can remove themselves from the server
automatically. Shortly, people will be able to specify by id who
they do or do not get e-mail from.
The other area where my service differs is that the others
provide two distinct functions, confidentiality and privacy, but
there is no attempt, or reason, to protect their users from any
sort of e-mail. It's enough to deal with harassment claims when
they arise.
In mine, I've chosen a different direction. I've decided to make
the attempt to keep out specific types of e-mail, with the cost
that I cannot guarantee privacy from me. Also, I probably have a
higher standard of confidentiality than the other two services.
(This is not intending to suggest that there's anything wrong
with their standards, just that I suspect mine are a bit tighter.)
People on the newsgroup post their innermost secrets and fears and
many have a need to believe that those won't then be used against
them. (And, for that reason, the default for e-mail forwarding is
"off".) Public posting is one thing but it is quite easy for one
skilled in the art of abusing (and, yes, there are such people
and they do read the newsgroup, getting a kick out of the pain of
others) to manipulate people behind the scenes into abusive
situations and in such a way as to keep the victim from being
able to speak of what is going on. *That*, and similar things,
are what this is all about.
As to my thoughts on the relevant principles. As I mentioned, I
am an Objectivist. That may clue you as to where I'm coming from.
But in case not, the primary fact is that I'm offering a
*private* service. I run it out of my home, using my phone lines,
and paid for with my money. While I offer it to all on the
newsgroup, it *is* *not* intended for the general public. Only
survivors and their supporters are legitimate users. (Though I
tend to be lax on that. Just as I am with my encryption
proscription. There are users who send encrypted e-mail through
my service but they have recieved my prior permission to do so.)
No one, other than myself, has any right to specify what I do
with this, beyond the minimum of respecting their rights. Their
rights do not extend to arbitrary protection of their
confidentiality or privacy. Those who use my anonymous service
have an implicit right to protection of their anonymity *and that
is all*. (And even that is only up to a point.) Any other
protections I offer beyond that are mine to choose; they are not
implicit in an anonymous server. In addition to confidentiality,
I offer privacy in two ways: from others, because it is necessary
to protect confidentiality, and from myself, because no one likes
their innermost thoughts gratuitously pawed over by one who is
essentially a complete stranger. But that latter privacy is only
with respect to *gratuitous* invasion by myself. Beyond that, I
offer a watchful eye to keep abuses in hand.
The bottom line is this: I provide a useful service to over half
of the newsgroup. Most of its users are happy with it. Most
people who have communicated with me, who are or are potentially
legitimate users of my service, have been either neutral or
positive about my policies. (Yes, most people who have expressed
dislike for my policies are outsiders.)
As things are, they work well. No change is *necessary* though
some may be *desirable*. Careful thought and respectful dialog
may convince me of desirable changes. Logicless rhetoric and
verbal abuse, however, will, at best, cause me to ignore both the
speaker and his message.

@_date: 1993-08-18 16:40:43
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: my aps 
: I can readily see why Bill would like to have some limits (imposed by
: _him_...a pure marketplace decision!) on anonymity. After all, some
: sickos might literally post "Jump!" messages to those on the verge of
: suicide. (I am not being facetious or sarcastic here...I mean this
: quite seriously.)
They have. That, unfortunately, is outside of what I can do, since
that would require continuous monitoring and would simply be
impracticable. Yesterday's e-mail flow, for example, containe 161
messages and came to 433283 bytes. Even allowing for 1K for each
header, that's 272K of data. We're talking a small novel here!
And it would slow things down tremendously; I have to sleep some
Some examples of what I do: One woman posted a message saying
that she was afraid that she might be killed by her step-father.
At that time, I grabbed her e-mail address from the database and
put it elsewhere so that if she disappeared without saying
farewell, I could initiate inquiries (thankfully, she didn't).
More recently, someone posted a very strange message that either
came from an abuser or from someone in a very scary and confused
place. I checked out the e-mail address and discovered that it
was the latter (that person also using a different id on my
service). Then, I added a trap into the service to see if anyone
would send e-mail to the new id because, almost certainly, anyone
responding to that message in e-mail would have to be an abuser.
(No one did.)
More ambiguously, I know of one person who is playing some
serious mind games with the group. That's the sort of thing
that's a real test because it's next to impossible to say what
the motive is behind the games. He might be an abuser or he might
be just making a play for sympathy. So far, the only action I've
taken has been to explain some of the facts to a couple of others
and ask them whether I should begin monitoring this person. (So
far, they've said no.)
: Other services should be free, of course, to have different policies.
: Those who want anonymity in anything they may say, including "Jump!,"
: are free to patronize such services.
Yup. I'm actually glad that there are other services. I can tell
people where the limits are and not feel like I'm excluding them
: An excellent example of why and how specialized cyberspace services
: (like remailers) will develop various strategies. In a sense, Bill is
: acting as a filter, or a paternal figure (not meant pejoratively), for
: his clients.
Sorta. I can't guarantee safety but I can be a lot more
sympathetic to the needs of this specific community.
: > automatically. Shortly, people will be able to specify by id who
: > they do or do not get e-mail from.
: This is exciting! Specialized "agents," the wave of the future.
I guess so, though I don't think of it that way. What I do is
listen to the needs of the community and respond to them when I
can. What I described is something people have been wanting to do
for a long time.
: > As to my thoughts on the relevant principles. As I mentioned, I
: > am an Objectivist. That may clue you as to where I'm coming from.
: > But in case not, the primary fact is that I'm offering a
: > *private* service. I run it out of my home, using my phone lines,
: > and paid for with my money. While I offer it to all on the
: Many of us were strongly influenced by Rand (and even those who hate
: Rand, including some of my closest friends and Cypherpunks colleagues,
: understand the importance of freedom in market dealings).
Those who have been turned off by Rand and the Randroids may want
to check out the Bitnet Ayn Rand list. It's polite, arguments
from authority are not allowed, serious disagreement with
Objectivist dogma occurs, and there are a number of professional
philosophers, not to mention a new member, Dr. Branden (yes, that
one), to make life interesting.
:                                     And if I was running one of these
: abuse-related remailers (something about "ASAR," I recall), I suspect
: I'd have the same policy you have.
The group my server for is ASAR, for alt.sexual.abuse.recovery.
: Anonymity should not be forbidden by law, but it can (and sometimes
: should be) filtered by agents of the subscribers. If they don't like
: the way the filtering is done, they can try another service.
Exactly. And I have two competitors to keep me honest already,
not to mention any number of potential competitors.
: I hope you continue to contribute your ideas to our list.
Well, I didn't know the list existed until someone cc'd a message
to me into the list. What is this list and why would I want to

@_date: 1993-08-20 05:16:33
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: T. Wells & Anonymity 
I've written a long post in answer to Ed and Julf's message.
However, I've decided that it's best not to burden everyone with a
couple of hundred lines of stuff whose content can be summarized
as "there is little truth in their message and what little there
is is told in such a way as to be misleading". If anyone cares to
listen to my full rant (excepting Ed, whom I simply refuse to
deal with), drop me a line and I'll send it to you.

@_date: 1993-08-20 05:06:29
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: cypher breaking and genetic algorithms 
Well, since I'm here, I thought I'd satisfy a curiosity of mine.
Has anyone done any research, formal or informal, on the use of
genetic algorithms to break cyphers? If not, would anyone care to
discuss how it might be done?

@_date: 1993-08-20 13:16:58
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: cypher breaking and genetic algorithms 
In article <9308201639.AA10388
:   Well, since I'm here, I thought I'd satisfy a curiosity of mine.
:   Has anyone done any research, formal or informal, on the use of
:   genetic algorithms to break cyphers? If not, would anyone care to
:   discuss how it might be done?
: GA's (which I love, but you won't be able to tell from the following) are a
: 'robust' search mechanism better at finding _good_ answers than _the_
: answer.
Right. So the essential problem is to define "good" in the context
of deciphering. I'm sitting here trying to visualize a structure
(>3 dimensions always have eluded me :-) that would let one do
this but actually, I had something quite a bit more mundane in
What about the simple GA where each of half the bit string
represents a number and the fitness function is the bit count of
the complement of the XOR of the product of the two numbers and a
(presumably) composite number?
This seems like it would have the sorts of properties that makee
GAs work and, if it this resulted in a practicable factoring
system, would make hash out of several cryptosystems.
: However, in simple substitution ciphers, frequencies and patterns in
: partial decryptions can provide the reward GA's need to climb the hills.
Right. I'd assume you'd generate a key and then compute the
fitness frorm the decrypted text's statistics. That's an easy one.

@_date: 1993-08-20 14:11:10
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: building a sound sampler for cryptophone application... 
Somebody posted a Unix soundblaster driver on alt.sources, I
believe. Someone else will have to go digging though.
: Now, if anyone actually has an answer to the question, which was about
: how to drive a PC parallel port for input, do let me know please.
Well, I have an ancient AT manual that I could probably dig out.
But I don't think there's much trick to it.

@_date: 1993-08-20 21:57:02
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: <none provided> 
There's nothing technical here; it's a political rant, though
more or less related to the list topic.
In article <9308210357.AA19222
: Posted by a misguided, hysterical, raster-burned ranter:
: What happens when one of these HR4079, Digital
: Telephony, Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack proposals passes,
: and Cyphernacht takes place? Storm troopers will throw
: your nice little PC's on the ground to ruin the hard
: drives, and only the new, improved hard drives, with
: access for legitimate law enforcement needs will be sold.
: Storm troopers?  You take this all a little too seriously.
: What makes you think that you and your nasty little private
: secrets warrent the time, money and effort of non-existant
: storm-troopers?
Well, in the finest of Usenet tradition :-), let me ask: What
would have made a Jew think that innocent, innocuous little him
would warrant the time, money and effort of non-existant storm-
troopers? Other than, that is, that the storm-troopers were real
and they had already gone after lots of people just like him....
To answer the question, though: once the law enforcement folks
decide to make unapproved cryptography illegal, they *will* use
it, not only for the purpose it's intended, as bad as that is
(and, remember: *anyone* no matter how small, can serve as an
example to deter others), but as an excuse for various and sundry
invasions and seizures. I draw your attention to RICO, forfeiture
laws, the use of traffic tickets for police funding, Steve
Jackson Games, not to mention the rather dramatic destruction of
our civil liberties attendant (not at all coincidentally) on the
so-called Drug War.
One lesson of history is quite clear: governments have an
absolute tendency to misuse their power. Furthermore, the further
the misuse has progressed and been accepted as "normal", the
harder it is to stop, or reverse.
I could go on and on but the bottom line is that any attempt by
the government to exercise prior constraint on either the content
*or* methods of communication, as the latter entails the former,
must be absolutely rejected and without consideration for
utilitarian or other similar arguments. Ultimately, the free
flow of information is the only constraint on government.

@_date: 1993-08-21 11:37:36
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: mail header parser? 
I'm in the process of updating my anonymous server. Up till now, I've relied
on a really brain-dead parsing of the mail headers. This is good enough
essentially all of the time; it may even be good enough all of the time (on
the theory that those addresses it rejects violate de facto standards even if
they don't violate de jure ones).
Nonetheless, if there is a simple *and* correct mail header parser (Internet
and uucp-style), I'd appreciate a pointer to it.
Ya know, I *hate* testing sometimes. Eventually I want to release this thing
but I want a test suite to go with it -- and I think the damned suite will be
bigger than the server!

@_date: 1993-08-22 16:05:14
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Munged account feeding old mail? 
In article ,
: Am I the only one getting carbon copies of many of my own messages
: from someone else's munged account?
Nope. I got one too.

@_date: 1993-08-25 14:27:41
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
In article <9308252001.AA14017
: [mostly bogus stuff]
That is irrelevant to cypherpunks, as I understand the list.
There is no technology, including that of privacy, that cannot be
used for ill. We don't know how they're going to be using the
neural network. They could, as was suggested, abandon their minds
and and rely on the neural net. I don't think they will because
doing so would be a really bad business decision. Furthermore, on
the evidence, the neural network output will only be used as one
datum in a process involving many inputs and a human making the
final decision. Finally, in the examples I'm familiar with (from
reading AI Expert), when a neural net is used as a decision
element, precisely because of its error rate, the decision isn't
"go/no go" but "go/refer the problem to a human".

@_date: 1993-08-25 19:12:17
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Visa, HNC Inc. develop neural network as a weapon to fight fraud 
In article <9308252250.AA17771
:    : [mostly bogus stuff]
:    That is irrelevant to cypherpunks, as I understand the list.
: The prospect of the impossibility of anonymity and the uses
: to which personal information is made in a cashless economy is
: not relevant?
But that wasn't what you were writing about. You were writing
about bad business decisions, not violations of privacy.
For that matter, your notions on neural networks seem
contradictory. On the one hand, you complain about a violation of
privacy and on the other you complain that a neural network won't
tell you how it reached its conclusions!
:                I beg to differ.  This is exactly what digital
: cash is meant to prevent.
Digital cash and the use of neural networks to authenticate
transactions are essentially orthogonal issues.
: The problem with referring a neural network's decision to a human
: is that the neural network gives no information other than the
: probability of fraud.
1) This statement is false. It is true of some neural networks
   but not all. We have no way of knowing whether their neural
   network is among those.
2) A problem with *any* decision system is that people may place
   an unsupportable weight on some particular piece of evidence.
   Your "problem" is not that (some) neural networks give answers
   that can't be interpreted but that some people will use their
   answers in an inappropriate way.
Blaming neural networks for bad *human* decision making is just
plain silly.
:                                                     There is not any
: good way to combine the judgement of the neural net with that of a
: human for that reason.
Nonsense. As the existence of rule based systems that incorporate
neural networks shows.
: With respect,  I have found AI Expert to consist more of marketing
: hype than correct and useful information on artificial intelligence
: technology.
Oh, goodie, an ad hominem argument.
But, as it happens, it is because AI Expert is so commercially
oriented that it is an appropriate reference. It speaks to how,
and why, AI gets deployed in business and that makes it just the
right place to go.

@_date: 1993-08-26 22:05:52
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: .Comparing ViaCrypt and freeware. 
If you're worried about backdoors, reverse engineer it and verify
that it works as advertised. Given that the program has to largely
duplicate an existing set of source, this should be trivial.

@_date: 1993-08-27 20:08:29
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: .Comparing ViaCrypt and freeware. 
: > If you're worried about backdoors, reverse engineer it and verify
: > that it works as advertised. Given that the program has to largely
: > duplicate an existing set of source, this should be trivial.
: do you mean decompile it, or reverse engineer it based on the
: neither is "trivial" in my mind.
I have a program that (mostly) automatically turns 386 code into
ugly C code. It's not maintainable but, for the purpose of
determining that the commercial product is essentially the same
as the version that you have source to, that's not necessary. You
compile the two versions, decompile them, diff the results,
pattern match to eliminate the artifactual differences, re-diff
and then examine the diff with the proverbial fine-tooth comb.
This would make it quite easy to determine what the commercial
code is actually doing, with a minimum of work. And remember: it
only has to be done once per version.
(No, before anyone asks, the decompiler isn't available. It's not
documented. It's hackery. And the code is gross. You'd be much
better off writing your own; it isn't hard.)

@_date: 1993-08-28 00:12:59
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: .Comparing ViaCrypt and freeware. 
In article <9308280330.AA24324
: i'm impressed.  (honest.)  but the task here isn't to compare viacrypt
: to pgp -- they use different rsa engines -- it's validating that viacrypt
: doesn't have a backdoor.  the diff scheme you describe presupposes that
: this step has been done, but it has not, and i think it would be very,
: very hard to do.
My understanding is that the two pieces of software are very
similar. A full decompile and analysis would be a pain (but
doable and worthwhile, if one is paranoid enough) but I don't
think it's necessary.
My thought is that once one has isolated the differences, those
alone would get scrutinized. One would isolate the rsa engines by
difference, pretty up the code, and then verify that it doesn't
have any backdoors. So long as the two versions are closely
related, the code that has to be understood apart from pgp should
be relatively small and that would make the verification process
much easier.

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:03:51
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: article in Science News 
For those into such things, it might be worthwhile to check out
the articles on the last page of Science News, Vol. 144, No. 9,
August 28, 1993. Interesting tidbits are "...computer scientist
Dorothy E. Denning..." and mention of the panel that evaluated
(Isn't Denning a lawyer turned ersatz cryptography expert? Or do
I have her confused with some other "expert"?)

@_date: 1993-08-31 13:04:05
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: article in Science News 
: (Isn't Denning a lawyer turned ersatz cryptography expert? Or do
: I have her confused with some other "expert"?)
Apparently, the latter. Sorry.

@_date: 1993-09-01 13:06:45
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: NY TAXES CYBERSPACE, CRAM REACTS 
: Y'know, a two-paragraph summary in calm tones, followed by the text of the
: tax notice, would have been more effecitve; breathless hyperbole turns some
: people off.
Like me. I stopped reading just as soon as I realized that the
primary bit of information I would obtain from the message was
that its author needs to adjust his dose of antipsychotics.

@_date: 1993-09-03 13:15:05
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Reliability 
In article <9309031826.AA09137
: If you want reliability, you can take a page from the fault tolerance
: business.  Replicate the remailers.
If you're going to do that, why not go for extra security at the
same time? Instead of transmitting the same message to all of the
remailers, transmit different pieces to each and then reconstruct
the original from whatever pieces you get. Done right, this could
also be used to make traffic analysis harder.

@_date: 1993-09-05 14:06:59
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: anonymous routing 
I've been thinking about the problem of sending anonymous e-mail
without using explicit routing. Here's one solution.
Each message is comprised of two parts, an encrypted address and
the data to be transmitted. The encrypted address has N parts,
each encrypted so that it can be decrypted by one remailer. These
N parts each contain information such that M of them can be used
to reconstitute the destination address. Note that no indication
is given of which remailer decrypts which; a remailer is expected
to attempt decryption of all of them and to check for success.
When a remailer is able to decrypt a piece, it replaces it with
its decrypted value. It then remails the results, either to a
randomly chosen remailer or to the destination, if it has the M
Sounds like the mail will never get delivered? Possibly.
If I haven't screwed the math,
H = R * (1/N + 1/(N-1) + 1/(N-2)....1/(N-M+1))
That is, the average number of hops to deliver a message will be
the product of the size of the remailer pool and a factor that is
purely a function of the address information. This number amounts
to an appreciable fraction of the remailer pool unless the number
of pieces is very large. For example, with just two pieces needed
and 20 pieces provided, you'll hit about 10% of the remailers.
Combine this with two things: make all messages the same size and
create a "background" set of noise messages and I think that just
about covers connecting sender to receiver. The only exception I
can think of is that, since a message going into the system has
the same data going out, if the bad guys see it in both places
you're screwed. There's an obvious solution to that that I've
overlooked, right?

@_date: 1993-09-11 10:13:07
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
I'm really glad I gateway this mailing list into a newsgroup.
That way, I can killfile discussions such as this one. However,
for those not so blessed....

@_date: 1993-09-11 12:08:09
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
: I'm really glad I gateway this mailing list into a newsgroup.
: That way, I can killfile discussions such as this one. However,
: for those not so blessed....
Whoops. At least one person is imagining that I gateway this into
some global newsgroup somewhere...
What I'm using is a set of home-grown scripts to gateway the list
into a local newsgroup. There's a mail to news gateway package out
there that is probably a better solution. If you can't find it or
would prefer my home grown scripts, let me know. I can send you
that other software (though I haven't looked at it) or I can send
you my scripts. There are also things like procmail and deliver
that can be used to do this sort of thing.

@_date: 1993-09-19 17:06:57
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Definition of "Zero Knowledge" 
In article <9309191615.AA18299
: An arbitrary algorithm can be translated into a zero proof theory model
: that is intractable to functionally analyze. Its operations on inputs and
: outputs can take place within the realm of the intractable model, with
: the inputs and outputs being transformed from the encoding of the outside
: realm into an encoding useful to the realm of the model. The inputs and
: outputs are the queries and answers of zero proof theory.
: With such a thing, knowing every detail of the registers and instructions
: being executed at all times still wouldn't tell you what you really
: wanted to know.
So, with such a translated algorithm, even if I had the complete
source code, I would be unable to determine what it does? If you
create one of these, be sure to submit it to the Obfuscated C
contest; it'll be the ultimate! :-)
: I'm unsure whether this has been published, let alone implemented; I just
: thought it was an obvious corollary back when ZPT itself was first published.
: It might have been discussed in the literature at the time, but if so,
: I've forgotten.
Got a good reference for ZPT? Something that the mathematically
inclined, who wants just the facts, all the facts, and none of
the BS that passes for explanations and which usually obscures
more than it clarifies?

@_date: 1993-09-19 20:07:27
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Definition of "Zero Knowledge" 
In article <9309200038.AA04119
:                                                           The most
: readable in depth treatment of that that I know of is "Goedel's Proof"
: by Ernest Nagel and James R. Newman, c. 1958 and still in print as
: a cheap paperback.
I have that book. It's a good one. It's exactly the sort of thing
I was referring to.

@_date: 1993-09-28 00:11:24
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Verilog encryption broken 
In article ,
: What should one do when one discovers that a vendor is marketing
: an encryption scheme for the protection or to limit the use of
: specific information, which is easy to break.
Whatever you want to do. Contrary to what I suppose is a popular
opinion, this is not an ethical question *unless* you have some
sort of contractual obligation that makes it so or unless your
personal, *private* ethics says something on the subject.
People who rely on trade secrets are making a bet. The bet is as
follows: first, that all people who have access to the trade
secret will respect the agreements, both by not disclosing their
trade secret and by protecting it from disclosure; and, second,
that if someone does violate one of those agreements, he has deep
enough pockets that suing him will make up for the loss. When the
trade secret is exposed, *it is gone*. *Forever*. That's the law.
Those who once had a trade secret cannot legally demand of
(uninvolved) others that they help them protect it.
I would guess that it is *Verilog* whose ass is in the fire. If
you or I were to use that script to extract information from their
libraries, *unless* we had an agreement with Verilog not to, it
would be perfectly legal to do so. And it would be perfectly
legal to broadcast that information. However, Verilog, by not
adequately protecting the information in the libraries, may well
be liable for the disclosure. What it looks like from this
distance is that Verilog is running scared, trying to frighten
would be extractors into not spreading the information they would
get so that the amount of damage Verilog will have to take will be
Verilog, their customers, and library providers, made a bet. They
lost. No one (who is uninvolved) has *any* obligation to help
them minimize the loss from losing their bet. I have no doubt
that Verilog would like to have the discussion turn away from the
simple business aspects toward a touchie-feelie mass-debation
about ethics but to do so would simply be evading the real issues.

@_date: 1993-10-09 01:09:29
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
I recall an SF novel that used small solar-powered planes as
repeaters. Add batteries for night time, make 'em cheap enough,
fly 'em high enough, give them smarts to avoid destructive
weather, and keep them light enought to avoid giving airplanes
indigestion should they hit, and I think you could solve a lot of

@_date: 1993-10-22 15:03:01
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Mail delivery question 
In article <9310211739.AA29665
: i think you want to check out rfc 821, which describes smtp.
I'll make a stronger statement. Do not run a remailer or other
network service unless you have read and understood the relevant
RFCs. Furthermore, don't start anything up for general use unless
you are a mail/Usenet/networking guru or you have checked with
someone that is. Finally, when you do first start your service
watch it carefully and continuously. Lose sleep until you're
_sure_ it is working according to your expectations.
Though the Internet is relatively robust, it is far from
completely so. And various parts of the net are not the Internet.
Things don't always work the way you would expect and only people
who have been around for awhile have much of a clue as to what
really is going on.
Reading the references and checking with knowledgable people is
essential if you aren't to do something stupid that will get
people pissed and might get you ostracized. And when, as most
likely will happen sooner or later, something you do does blow up
in your face, you'll only be being a pain in the ass instead of
an ignorant and willful pain in the ass. :-) Believe me, it will
make a big difference in dealing with your faux pas if you have
made the attempt to do the right thing.

@_date: 1993-10-23 10:13:31
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
[Many things I'll not take a stand on one way or another, right
In article <199310222007.AA07683
: And don't tell me that we still have to live in the physical world.  If
: 90% of the GWP (including *almost all* the money) consists of non-physical
: goods and services on the nets, government control over the remaining 10%
: is not statistically significant.
All too often, people look at one thing and imagine that the
numbers somehow outweigh reality. It ain't like that, folks.
Reality is complexly, intimately, and inseparately interconnected.
No matter what you do with the bits, physical reality cannot be
"No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the back will always
cramp his style."
So, please, stop with the simplistic answers!
(What *did* happen at Panix, eh? I rest my case.)

@_date: 1993-10-24 11:58:42
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: the principle of least astonishment 
For my service, given what it is for, the presumption should be
anonymity. For the personals groups, perhaps the presumption
should be the other way around. There is, almost certainly, no
one right answer.
Those who attempt to support their arguments by reference to
"least astonishment" are doing nothing more than attempting to
pretend that their subjective judgements are universal and
Either the perpetrators are so intellectually lacking that they
do not see what they are doing or they are so intellectually
dishonest that they do. In either case, I am utterly disgusted.

@_date: 1993-10-24 12:58:36
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Mail delivery question 
In article <9310231851.AA25213
: To: toad.com!cypherpunks
: In-Reply-To: bill's message of Thu, 21 Oct 1993 22:05:48 +0000.
: well, i think bill overstates the case.  but then, i'm from the
: slash/hack, no risk/no gain school of computer programming.
I believe in minimizing those risks that can be easily minimized.
RTFMing and asking for other opinions certainly fall into the
easy to do/high gain category of risk minimizing.
As an operator of an anonymous service, I'm constantly amazed at
the things that supposedly worthwhile net.citizens will do,
without even the slightest thought for the consequences. And
consequences there have been, sometimes potentially tragic ones.
Perhaps I should tell some of my horror stories.

@_date: 1993-10-24 13:08:36
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
In article <199310241403.AA06468
: B >:And don't tell me that we still have to live in the physical world.
: B >:If 90% of the GWP (including *almost all* the money) consists of
: B >:non-physical goods and services on the nets, government control over
: B >:the remaining 10% is not statistically significant.
: B >
: B >All too often, people look at one thing and imagine that the
: B >numbers somehow outweigh reality. It ain't like that, folks.
: B >Reality is complexly, intimately, and inseparately interconnected.
: B >No matter what you do with the bits, physical reality cannot be
: B >discounted.
: You also can't disount the physical realities confronting the state.
Oh, I don't disagree with your main thesis which, if I understand
it aright, amounts to that the state is pretty much obsolete and
is only taking its time realizing this. :-) I'm just trying to
point out that it is simply dangerous to imagine that bandying
about numbers that purport to show its insignificance will
actually make it so. Or, to put it another way, I mostly agree
with your statements and wish you wouldn't weaken them with
worthless supporting claims.
:                                                                       It
: is enormously difficult to control workers who can live anywhere on earth
: and work anywhere else.
Really? I'll tell you what: I'll give you 100% control over all
communications starting tomorrow and I'll take 100% control over
all food and water at the same time. I win. You *die*.
Simplistic and impossible, true, but the point remains. There is
always a physical reality and no matter who "insignificant" it
is, it can still kill you.
: B >"No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the back will always
: B >cramp his style."
: But who is more vulnerable to the knife.  Millions of "Permanent Tourists"
: living and working in cyberspace or a large nation state incapable of
: moving, hiding, or getting an honest job when markets turn against it.
The permanent tourists, of course. The state is, when all is
boiled down, an instrument of force and it functions most
"effectively" when it limits itself to that. I guarantee you that
if the US wanted to crack down on this stuff that it would be
gone. This year, a third of the prison population is from
drug-related "crimes"; if they got a bee in their bonnets, you
and I and a whole lot of other people could take their places.
(Not, mind you, that I think this'll happen. But it *could*.)
Yes, that could be prevented, but it won't be prevented by what
the cypherpunks are doing. Sooner or later, the bodies would have
to meet the bullets. That's the way of the world, alas.
: B >So, please, stop with the simplistic answers!
: B >
: B >(What *did* happen at Panix, eh? I rest my case.)
: Panix was down but my three other connections to the nets were up.  Panix
: had a security intrusion.
You missed the point. The net is embedded in the rest of reality
and that reality, in this case, *people*, had significant
deleterious effects on many others' ability to use the net. This
isn't going to change any time soon. Maybe in a couple of decades,
less if people stop pretending the real world is an irrelevancy.

@_date: 1993-10-24 18:13:11
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: the principle of least astonishment 
In article <9310242219.AA08866
: > From: bill (T. William Wells)
: > For my service, given what it is for, the presumption should be
: > anonymity. For the personals groups, perhaps the presumption
: > should be the other way around. There is, almost certainly, no
: > one right answer.
: What are your thoughts on solutions which do not do either of these
: alternatives?  For example, several people have discussed systems
: involving two sets of addresses.  These avoid both problems
: (unexpectedly failing to anonymize / unexpectedly anonymizing a
: message with a sig), at the cost of some complexity.
I haven't really given this much thought because it hasn't been
relevant to my server. There are a number of problems that I
think fall into the same category of inadvertent disclosure. All
of them are "operator error" in a sense. All of the anonymous
e-mail services are hacks added onto the existing e-mail services
and require significant attention to detail if one is to not
inadvertently give away one's real identity. It's as if you had
to type in the RFC822 headers yourself for each message; even
though they're quite simple, you're going to mess up reasonably
frequently. And just once is sufficient to destroy one's
anonymity. The multiple address thing doesn't address this at all
so I don't think it will help.
Alas, I really don't have the spare time to work up my thoughts
on where the e-mail system ought to go. All I can really say for
sure is that the whole thing should be rethought from the ground
: > Either the perpetrators are so intellectually lacking that they
: > do not see what they are doing or they are so intellectually
: > dishonest that they do. In either case, I am utterly disgusted.
: Aren't you detweiling a bit here?
I don't think so. Detweiler and those like him simply react; they
do not examine where they are coming from nor are they willing to
do so. Their fault is not that they reach strong moral
conclusions nor that they express them but that they so lack
respect for others that they will not examine the positions of
others nor attempt to determine where the line of "it isn't my
business to tell them what to do" should be drawn.
(BTW, cypherpunks wins big when it loses Detweilers; just look at
Objectivism's reputation for why.)
:                                    I don't think the situation really
: warrants "utter disgust"...
Technical problems can often be solved by "try it and see" but
systemic people problems rarely can or should be. A wrong
solution is often just too costly; ask the folks in the ex-USSR
what they think of that "try it and see". People problems require
careful thought if the results of one's actions are not to lead
to misery and death.
When people resort to rather obviously flawed modes of reasoning,
disgust is quite appropriate, except when stronger responses are

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:08:46
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
In article <199310250215.AA03602
: Permanent Tourists are outside US jurisdiction.
I think that's where we're disagreeing.
Let me illustrate by taking myself as an example. I'm reasonably
well connected networkwise and knowledgeable. I could decide to
become one of these Permanent Tourists. But where would I go?
What will be my concerns? Obviously, money will be one of them.
But so also will be climate, people, activities I might not be
willing to do without, and on and on. Furthermore, other
governments are, almost without exception, more repressive than
the one I have.
The bottom line is that I would probably not physically move if I
were to take my economic activities out of the awareness of the US
government. And even if I were to, odds are I would be less safe
than I am now. So I think that most Permanent Tourists would
likely stay right where they are, more or less. Certainly they'd
stay in the developed world, where most governments are willing to
cooperate to some extent in the attempt to collect revenues.
It is a sad fact that governments collectively possess the means
to physically regulate all of the desirable real-estate and most
are more willing than ours to use physical force to pursue their
ends. So Permanent Tourist or not, one can't really escape them.
Sooner or later, of course, this won't matter but, as I've said,
at least for the short term, it _does_.
: B >Yes, that could be prevented, but it won't be prevented by what
: B >the cypherpunks are doing. Sooner or later, the bodies would have
: B >to meet the bullets. That's the way of the world, alas.
: Actually, such problems are rare in the OECD countries.  Most enforcement
: here is indirect.  People obey because of fear not direct application of
: force.  Reduce the fear and you reduce the obedience.
Actually, I don't think that's true in the relatively civilized
countries. My understanding is that most people obey out of a
recognition of the legitimacy of government. But that's another
topic and not really germane to this list....
:                                                        The threat we
: represent is a bit to abstract to sell the government on an all-out
: campaign against us that would be difficult and expensive.  I don't think
: the Feds would "go to the mattresses" to fight us.
Not this year or even the next. But what happens when the
printing-press equivalents cease to stave off bankruptcy?
Movement of a sufficient fraction of economic activities outside
their ability to tax would certainly change the equation and give
them lots of incentive to start that all-out campaign....
: If the KGB and the Stasi couldn't prevail against the winds of
: institutional "rightsizing", what chance does one aging dyke have?
Lots. Because people never do seem to learn the lessons of
history, sigh. Not, mind you, that I think they'd "win" for long.
They, too, prefer to ignore history. But while they're attempting
to prevent the working of the laws of nature, a lot of people
will suffer. *More* will suffer if we don't pay attention to this

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:03:12
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
In article <9310250152.AA09786
: [irrelevancy]
I watched you arguing with Detweiler and thought that you were an
idiot. However, I figured that Detweiler was sufficient
provocation to bring out the idiot in just about anyone so I
ignored that.
But here you have proven that you really don't understand.
This I don't intend to ignore. Welcome to my killfile. When you
figure out why, you may be worthy of being removed from it.

@_date: 1993-10-26 10:35:42
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: anti-social behavior 
Over on ASAR, we give warning for anger. Consider yourself warned.
In article <9310260646.AA04776
:   I'm coming to kill your family tommorow with a rusty razor.
I despise Detweiler. I also think he ought to be in a mental
hospital. However, this is evil, anti-social behavior. It is
abusive beyond any possibility of shrugging it off.
Stop it. Don't make excuses. I don't *care* if you think this
sort of think is "just a joke". It isn't. OK, you don't
understand. That's irrelevant. Just take it from older and wiser
heads that it is unacceptable. STOP IT.
No, I'll make it stronger. Either you apologize to me, to
Detweiler, and to the list, or the list owner removes you from
the list, or I go. I will not be associated with a group that
tolerates this sort of behavior.
(Does anyone want to know why I'm so incensed. Check out ASAR for
awhile. Understand that this person's behavior, and excuse
making, is indistinguishable from the abuse that makes that
newsgroup necessary.)

@_date: 1993-10-26 14:07:47
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
: (Does anyone want to know why I'm so incensed. Check out ASAR for
: awhile. Understand that this person's behavior, and excuse
: making, is indistinguishable from the abuse that makes that
: newsgroup necessary.)
ASAR stands for "alt.sexual.abuse.recovery", a newsgroup I run an
anonymous server for. This group actually has survivors of all
sorts of abuse, including the verbal abuse that rjc perpetrated.

@_date: 1993-10-27 06:02:41
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
Sigh. This is totally off topic. Or is it? Cyberspace is going to
*have* to deal with those entities that are biologically of the
human race but who are mentally of less value than a laboratory
rat.....so, folks, are we going to deal with this or are we going
to just have a nice slanging match with no valuable outcome?
In article <9310270359.AA08275
:    In context it was obviously a joke, lighten up.
You are lying. You wrote that for the explicit purpose of causing
pain. Your *obvious* intent was to say something upsetting and
angering. So don't give me any of this nonsense about a joke. You
are nothing but an insensitive, immature bully and you do not
deserve to be among this group.

@_date: 1993-10-27 06:22:38
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
In article <199310270240.AA20351
: B >ASAR stands for "alt.sexual.abuse.recovery", a newsgroup I run an
: B >anonymous server for. This group actually has survivors of all
: B >sorts of abuse, including the verbal abuse that rjc perpetrated.
: "Sticks and stones" etc.
The old saw about sticks and stones is absolutely false and
typically is used (I'm not presuming this of you) as a cover for
behavior that is intended to cause harm. The vast majority of
abusive behavior, defined in terms of the harm it causes its
victims, is done with words, not by direct physical action.
Without getting into a long discussion, the thing is that
emotional responses are not chosen, they are automatic. One can
no more avoid responding with emotional pain, which is just as
real as physical pain, to a hurtful word, than one can avoid
responding with physical pain to a punch in the face.
True, what will cause pain to one person will not necessarily
cause pain to another. Also true, between adults there is no
absolute requirement to avoid causing one another pain.
Nonetheless, respect for one another implies that one avoids
doing so whenever one can, within limits. The other side of this
is that one should have a good reason to cause another pain, even
the emotional pain caused by words.
Rjc's sin is not failure of respect, though he has certainly has
shown that, but the intentional causing of harm to another. He
has claimed that "it was only a joke". "It was only a joke",
except in rare and limited circumstances (which this is not one
of), translates directly to "I knew it was going to hurt and
that's why I did it".
He might claim otherwise. But such a claim would only have been
taken seriously if it had been accompanied by evidence that he
was aware of what he did. If he'd said "It was only a joke and
I'm sorry that I didn't consider that it would hurt Detweiler",
that would have been one thing. But he said "It was only a joke
therefore it was OK". That was only a disclaimer of responsibility
and a bald assertion that he would do the same again.

@_date: 1993-10-27 07:02:39
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: Re: My Views on the Detweiler Matter 
In article <9310261923.AA29868
: got fed up with his obvious lack of social skills and his descent into
: paranoid schizophrenia. He is, as a former girlfriend would diagnose his
: condition, a "borderline personality."
There's always a danger in diagnosing when one isn't an expert
(especially when the experts tend to confuse *themselves*) but I
think of myself as a well informed layman and, as such am going to
comment on this.
Detweiler is not likely schizophrenic anything. That's a rather
different thing than he's appeared. Nor is he a borderline
personality, which is also a specific diagnosis. On the evidence
he is a paranoid personality or paranoid psychotic.
The reason I'm writing is to point out two things: paranoids are
rarely cured, only controlled, and they can be physically
dangerous. It is entirely possible that he means those death

@_date: 1993-10-27 12:12:41
@_author: T. William Wells 
@_subject: I'm leaving cypherpunks 
A few things before I go. If you have any replies you want me to
see, you'll have to send them via private mail, since I no longer
get the list. This includes replies to my recent set of posts.
I was asked how to participate in the sexual abuse newsgroup.
That newsgroup is a standard Usenet-style newsgroup in the
altnet. You may not have it at your server because it has the
dreaded s-- infix. Explaining to your admin that the group is not
a porno group might get the group. If you want the group but, for
one reason or another don't care to ask your admin, you can write
me and I'll ask (without mentioning your name).
Alternately, I can send it to you via e-mail; it's fairly high
volume, though, running perhaps 50-60 messages a day. You can
post through one of the anonymous servers. Send to
anon-help for info on how to use mine.
Some of you may wonder why I'm leaving cypherpunks. Rjc seems
like a minor provocation, in comparison to Detweiler and some of
the lesser lights here. That's true and rjc is not why I'm
I'm a firm believer in the right to privacy. And to the right to
possess and appropriately use the tools needed to secure it. That
much, I support the cypherpunks goal. However, I also believe
that this Brave New World of ours can go in more than one way. It
may become a dystopia in which people like rjc, and their more
powerful brethren, set the terms and tone, or it may approach a
utopia that enables its participants to make the most of what
they have.
We here at the beginning will make that choice. We'll do it *by*
*our* *actions*. Either we will choose to form a true _society_ of
privacy or we will permit cyberspace to descend into a war of all
against all. *We* choose.
We choose with each of our actions. Is this action based on a
fundamental respect for others or is it based on a desire for
self-aggrandizement? Does it further the end of healthy, human
interaction or is it destructive in nature and intent?
But as important as these individual contributions are, more
important is the attitude that is taken towards them. Are acts
such as rjc's considered acceptable behavior, to be tolerated
with all other sorts of behavior, or are they to be censured and,
where appropriate, censored?
In an uncontrolled environment, there is little that can be done
to further an appropriate attitude. One can reinforce the good
and censure the bad. And hope.
In a controlled environment, such as cypherpunks, those who
control the list have the final say. The excess of noise on this
can be *directly* traced to the list owner's choice to not
control its content. Rjc's ability to abuse another *and to
continue the abuse* is a direct consequence of the owner's
policies. These facts are, by themselves, offensive but would be,
barely, tolerable.
However, their consequences are not. Their consequences are a
furthering of the ends of people like rjc, a society in which
might makes right, and in which the potentials of others are
stifled by the hostility of those who prefer to rule rather than
And this I cannot support. Nor do I care to be associated with a
group that, intentionally or not, supports this. *This* is why
I'm leaving cypherpunks.
Privacy is a *social* phenomenon, not a technical one. There is
no sense in creating tools for privacy unless one also works for
a society in which the deployment of these tools makes sense.
One final thing before I go. I could set up a list on my machine
(not on the Internet but I connect fairly frequently because of
my server) with policies that address these issues, with the side
effect of dramatically improving the signal-to-noise ratio. If
this is of potential interest to you, let me know. If there is
sufficient interest I'll draw up a formal policy. If enough
people then say they'll sign up, I'll create the list.
