
@_date: 1996-02-16 11:35:48
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Cookie Crumbles 
The netscape browser could assert that tracking was not desired to it's
heart's content, but that doesn't prevent the server from tracking any state it wants about you.
(The typical non-cookie approach being to include a session identifier in all URLs)
- -Blake

@_date: 1996-02-21 22:40:32
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Internet Privacy Guaranteed 
It gets even worse by my reading of this thread.  They send out the first lot
of pseudo-OTP via some *nominally* secure channel, but then the send you
the subsequent months via the Internet.  (Presumably encrypted with one of
your existing keys.)
This adds up to a system that isn't event a pseudo-OPT.  It's just a conventional
rotor-based cryptosystem, with an unevaluated implementation.  Break one message
containing a batch of new keys and the entire system is defeated forever.

@_date: 1996-03-20 18:48:41
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Microsoft's "answer" to Java 
Commenting on a quote from a magazine about MS's new I think you've been badly misled on this one.  I've just been through all of the related specs from the MS INetSDK. While they are still incomplete in places, they look pretty workable to me.  In particular the certainly don't suggest that
MS would be involved in signing anything.  To quote from the beta docs:
        The present tools therefore allow any user of this development release to
        authorize themselves as a "Software Publisher" for test purposes and to
        sign their code, allowing for extensive testing of the tools and code
        used but not actually providing a secure infrastructure. In future releases,
        the tools will require software publishers to obtain certificates from
        companies whose function is to verify the identity of the publishers,
        providing end-users with a high level of assurance about the authenticity
        and origin of code that they receive.
The current version (2.0) is already available on the Mac and the 3.0 alpha versions appear to be about equally buggy on both the Win32 and Mac
platforms.  (I haven't, on the other hand, heard any news of Unix versions.
Perhaps Bristol and/or Mainsoft will cover that port.)
Here's my quick overview of the specifications in question for those interested.
Microsoft is providing the following components:
- - A generic trust management called (ever originally) WinTrust.
  WinTrust provides an API to ask whether a given subject is trusted to perform
  a specific action.  The API is extensible in that multiple 'Trust Providers'
  can be installed and each can define the types of subjects and actions they
  manage.  The docs define the role of a 'Trust Administrator' who can configure
  the rules used by the trust provider services be neglect the give the details.
- - An implementation of a trust provider called the 'Windows Software Publishing
  Trust Provider'
  This provider supports subjects which are executable images and the action
  of 'being published software'.  The decision to trust is based on a PKCS   embedded within the executable containing a signed digest from the author
  and a chain of X.507 certs back to some configurable set of CAs.  If the
  executable is not verified the user is prompted with the offer to approve it manually.
- - A set of developer tools for creating your certificate and signing executables.
  Note that the beta includes a hard-coded root CA key and all certs must
  trace back to it.  The existing library for munging executable images has
  also been enhanced to support adding, removing, enumerating and retrieving
  certs from an image as well as reading the stream that should be included in
  digest calculations.
- - A single function solution for browsers and other applications to download,
  verify, install, and create a class factory for an OLE object given an URL.
  In the web case the HTML  tag is used to embed an OLE object   in a page.  The browser tries to create it based on the CLSID attribute (which
  contains a DCE-ish uuid.)  If it fails it calls CoGetClassObjectFromURL() passing
  in the URL from the CODE attribute of the same tag.  This function does all the
  magic including the WinTrust call from above.  (Apparently there will also be
  support for an 'Internet Search Path' if the CODE attribute isn't specified.)
Then of course there is the MS CryptoAPI but that's a discussion for another day.
- -Blake (who hasn't worked for Microsoft for years now)

@_date: 1996-04-12 05:51:52
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: questions about bits and bytes 
In a past life I worked on a Honeywell DPS8 box that had 36 bit words and 9 bit bytes.
-Blake (recalling the random evil flags that extra bit was used for)

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:37:30
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Entropy Estimator 
Hmm... EXEs have twice the average entropy of DLLs??
The structural difference between an EXE and a DLL is
a single flag in the header.  I suspect that either your sample
inputs are highly non-representative or your algorithm for
estimating entropy is badly flawed.

@_date: 1996-04-26 16:07:19
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Mindshare and Java 
[shrug] Happens to all of us.  Sometimes just keeping up on press releases
seems to be a full time job.
They are, but not exclusively.  They are supporting both JavaScript and VBScript
in IE3.  For that sort of work I think Basic might be more appropriate anyway.
(Added to the fact that they have committed to making the reference source
for VBScript available online with a free for whatever you want type of license.)
The spin at TechEd last week seemed to be a complete spectrum running
C++ -- Java -- VB depending on the desired speed/control vs. easy of My bet is that five years from now Netscape will be remembered as the
company that forced MS to give it away for free.
-Blake (who's keeping all his irons in the fire anyway :-)

@_date: 1996-04-28 18:28:49
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Mindshare and Java 
At the risk of being rude... I you had actually looked at the system in question you'd realize that your statements above are sheer nonsense.
-Blake (who posted a summary of the WinTrust stuff some weeks back)

@_date: 1996-04-30 13:40:15
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: www.WhosWhere.com selling access to my employer's passwd file 
I just noticed an attack vector that I wasn't aware of previously.  If the browser
is running with CLASSPATH set to include the JDK classes.zip applets are
suddenly able to enumerate all the system properties.
On my system user.name is set to '?', but user.dir and user.home are both
This isn't a huge exposure, but it is unsettling.
-Blake (off to poke around further)

@_date: 1996-04-25 08:08:47
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Mindshare and Java 
There was an official announcement at their Professional Developers Conference
a few weeks back.  In short, full support in the browsers (and apparently MS is now the keeper of the reference implementation on Win32) and also
a full blown Java development environment code-named 'Jakarta'.

@_date: 1996-05-04 20:44:49
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
This, of course, presumes that the native code in question is less robust/trust-worthy than that Java runtime and the browser. It's
not obvious to me why this should be the case.
-Blake (who figures its all a reputation thing again)

@_date: 1996-05-05 07:59:24
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
I was right in the first message... it is a reputation thing.  We don't
disagree on any of the fact here, just on their implications.
I see this from the point of view of the author of these native methods,
cypherpunk still do write code sometimes.  From that point of view
where is the difference between calling my native code methods and
calling the java.awt.*, or netscape.* methods that are native code?  Yes, either can do anything they want, irregardless of the SecurityManager.
For J. Random User on the net, Sun/Netscape's reputations are
fairly strong and mine is non-existent.  For the corporate IS folks to
whom I contract this situation is reversed.  (Despite impressive IPOs
I still get a lot of friction about 'programs downloaded from the net'.)

@_date: 1996-05-25 04:47:11
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Truth can sometimes be harmful... 
Oh no, can the return of abombpunks be far behind? :-)
-Blake (who figures if your can't count or measure it, it's an opinion)

@_date: 1996-06-12 13:15:31
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: ANNOUNCEMENT: HACKERPUNKS MAILING LIST 
Oooo.  Folks who know 'stuff' about computers.  The free world is in danger now.
Smells like 'elite'punks to me
-Blake (in a cranky mood)

@_date: 1996-12-04 18:12:15
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: Microsoft & Key Escrow 
Following are some of the relevent snippets from
The comments in square brackets are mine.
---cut here---
What is Microsoft's position on supporting key escrow?
Key escrow encryption is not a market-driven solution and it raises serious privacy concerns for many customers. It is also new, undeveloped, untested, and uncosted, and it will take a long time to be worked out. Additionally, customers have expressed hesitation about mandatory key escrow, especially if they have to give the keys to the government or a government-selected third party. Therefore, we are not actively adding support for key escrow in our products and technologies. [About as good as we can ask for.  I would, however, like that last sentence
 better if the word 'actively' was missing.]
Shouldn't the U.S. government be able to access information that could prevent terrorist acts and crime?
Strong non-key escrow encryption is already available from retail outlets, foreign companies, and off the Internet. Thus the U.S. government is already having--and will continue to have--a harder time in the future accessing plain text regardless of U.S. export restrictions. [I suppose it would be too much to expect a third sentence
 reading.  'This is a good thing.']
What is key recovery? How does it relate to key escrow?
Market-driven data recovery refers to a product feature that allows users to maintain a spare private encryption key in a safe place. Generally, a data recovery system escrows a copy of the session key with the message or file and the user (or perhaps his employer) controls the decision whether to utilize this feature. With key escrow the U.S. government holds or has access to a user's private encryption key. It is not yet clear whether such systems are exportable. In the October 1 announcement, the U.S. government referred to "key recovery" without defining it; in all likelihood, however, they still have in mind government key escrow, and not market-driven data recovery. [Hmm... it's just possible that Microsoft's spin doctors are
 better than those of the US government.  Perhaps they can
 sell the world on their definition of 'key recovery' instead of
 the one we know the TLAs intended.]
---cut here---

@_date: 1996-12-04 20:23:43
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Microsoft & Key Escrow 
It appears you only read the first question and answer.  Go back and read
the third one.

@_date: 1996-12-16 13:19:31
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Securing ActiveX. 
This thread branch seems to be based on bad assumption.  Why would
one want to run ActiveX controls in a sandbox?  If you need a sandbox,
use a Java applet, if you need native code level access to the system
use ActiveX.
Running code in a sandbox, a la Java applets, is one approach to allowing safe execution of downloaded code.  If one has a perfect implementation of the sandbox, which doesn't appear to be the case for Java thus far, this can be a useful solution.  There is however a severe limit to the types of applications you can run from inside a sandbox unless you subscribe completely to the 'Network Computer'-type model.
Digitally signed code, a la ActiveX, is another approach to the same problem.  If the digital signatures and infrastructure around them are sound, which they appear to be for ActiveX, this is also a useful solution.  The built-in gotcha with this model is the all or nothing nature, either I trust the software publisher to run arbitrary native code on my machine or I don't run it at all.
Specify technical issues follow:
But of course it's not enough to filter out filesystem calls.  The entire
windowing system would have to be separated as well.  For example
a rogue control might watching all edit controls for ones
that have the ES_PASSWORD style and grabbing the contents.  An equivalent Unix problem would be to allow an open-access guest
account with the ability to transfer in and execute arbitrary binaries.
While doing this securely may be possible in theory I don't think the state of the art is up to it today.  (I sure wouldn't allow it on my system.)
DLL's are by definition mapped into the processes address space, they
would have to be inside the sandbox too.  It's not a call gate type of thing.

@_date: 1996-12-16 17:52:48
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Securing ActiveX. 
No, it's not really the accountability that's the issue.  It's the
ability to choose before the fact that I 'trust' the software's author.
Yup, point well taken.  I popped into an empty users cube last week to borrow the phone.  On the monitor was a post-it note from
one of his co-workers that read, 'Please write your password here:' and of
course the helpful fellow had done just that.  With real users I suspect only centrally administered security decisions that they can't override will be effective.  Hmm... wonder what I can retrofit into IE to accomplish that.
Shh... we have enough kool dewds floating around here looking for ideas.
I agree 100%.  The intent of my comments was that such security *is* possible, but it's not available in widely deployed mass-market OS's.
I'd love to hear feedback to the contrary, but it seems to me that it's
extremely difficult to layer that type of security onto an existing system.
-Blake (who's thinking about putting crazy glue into one user's floppy drive)

@_date: 1996-12-17 07:20:17
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Securing ActiveX. 
In response to my questioning why one would want to run
I would be happier running an ActiveX control with Peter Trei's signature on it
than I would an unsigned control in a sandbox.  (This kind of a trust decision
is probably the normal case in the intranet world.  ActiveX as it sits is quite
sufficient for rolling out internal intranet applications.)
On the second point, I never suggested that a sandbox would require virtual CPU
emulation.  What I do find likely is that the overhead from the extended types
of checking the kernel would need to do would probably outweight the performance
advantage of native code over a JIT compiler.  The DES cracker is probably not
a good example of the problem because it would make virtually no API calls.
This is scaremongering.  No, I don't virus scan every new CD I get from
Microsoft/Netscape/etc, do you?  More importantly to the discussion at
hand, what is to prevent said virus from infecting the compiler used to
build the sandbox?  Part of the decision to trust a software vendor must
include trusting that they use appropriate clean build procedures.
If you choose to run an unsigned control all bets are off.  On a related note,
I recently saw a Java implementation of a board game that recommended
the user download the zipped up .classes and run it locally.  How many
average users realize this would disable the Java sandbox entirely?
You mis-read the paragraph above.  Trying to build the sandbox for native
code as you've described is akin to the problem above.  Is it not?

@_date: 1996-12-17 18:55:49
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Microsoft IE may not work without censorship files 
It's good to see they make at least an attempt at preventing the
PICS filter from being turned off without a password.
Of course the obvious answer is to give it to a teenage boy who
wants to look at the dirty pictures and watch how fast it can be
fixed with a little registry editing.

@_date: 1996-12-17 19:00:33
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Ping of Death? 
I read the two parts above and shake my head...
A 'technology assignment editor' that has missed this story till now, and can't use a search engine to boot?
-Blake (who should only look at the pictures)

@_date: 1996-12-17 20:18:03
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Securing ActiveX. 
We're in violent agreement here Ray.  Sandboxes are good, signed code is good, having both is very good.  We differ on the relative importance of
the two techniques but I suspect that is because we are coming from
different contexts.  My work is all intranet so the users trust the software
produced for them by definition.  Obviously the factors are different on
the net at large.
It's not a Java vs ActiveX thing for me at all.  What is important is that
some of the applets I write can't function in a sandbox, they need access
to the disk and other resources for business reasons.  For this type of
thing signed code without a sandbox is the only choice.
What I'd really like is the sort of thing Bill Frantz is describing on another branch of this thread.  Signed code and an administrator defined policy that specified for a given signature exactly what types of resources should be accessible.  Anything from don't
execute and audit a security alarm to complete access to the
whole machine.
Yes, but in good cypherpunk fashion I've hijacked the original topic into a new direction. :-)
They don't need to.  All they need to do is unzip the java classes into their classpath and all of the normal restrictions on an applet are ignored.  Think it would be very hard to persuade a user to do just that in order
to play a kewl java game?  More importantly it shows that even expert
users don't always know where the holes in the sandbox are.

@_date: 1996-12-17 22:02:27
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Microsoft IE may not work without censorship files 
My original response was really just meant as humor.  (The other
paragraph in particular.)  I'm of the school that ratings are a profoundly useless idea for their supposed purpose, and dangerous
in their possible misuse by the government.
If a user randomly deletes parts of an application and it stops working I'm afraid the fault is entirely with the user.  Reinstalling
the damaged software would seem the obvious answer.
That article say in part, "Microsoft has indicated that future generations may well come out of the box with RSAC-i, by default, activated."  I follow Microsoft's strategy and announcements very closely and as far as I can tell this is
sheer fabrication.  The closest thing they've announced (and
shipped) is the IE Admin Kit that lets a corporation build
a custom version of IE with the settings to their liking.  I can't
find any fault with that.
-Blake (who's played apologist to Rich's MS-bashing before)

@_date: 1996-12-21 12:56:28
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
I'm not even remotely a lawyer, but I have to disagree with the second sentence above.  As I read it Judge Patel believes that the technical
data provisions are also unconstitutional but can not rule that way
because United States v. Edler, 579 F.2d 516 (9th Cir. 1978) is the
law in the 9th circuit.  The relevant quote is:
    While this court is inclined to agree, despite revisions to the
    ITAR since 1984 and especially in light of Freedman and FW/PBS, Edler
    remains the law of this Circuit and this court is bound by its
    holding.[13] Moreover, Edler was reaffirmed, albeit in cursory fashion,
    by the Ninth Circuit in 1989. United States v. Posey, 864 F.2d 1487,
    1496 (9th Cir.  1989). If the Ninth-Circuit wants to reconsider those
    opinions it is free to do so, but that decision is theirs to make.
Happily she does go on to say that because she has ruled that
Category XIII(b) is unconstitutional that the technical data provisions
for items relating to XIII(b) are unenforceable.

@_date: 1996-12-23 20:19:13
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
The signature in question (on a Win32 Crypto Service Provider) is embedded
in the executable.  Certainly I could rip it out and inject it into an unsigned
but otherwise identical copy outside the U.S., but that is obviously not
going to be legal under ITAR.
ITAR is wrong and should be abolished, but that sort of weasling isn't going to make something legal under the current laws.
More interesting would be the OS patch that allows an unsigned (or signed by someone other than MS) CSP to be loaded...
Hmm, logically the patch must be built in and only need to be switched on as it would be too annoying to debug a CSP if you
needed to get it signed every time you built a new version.
Microsoft's Authenticode system had such a patch at one time
for just that purpose, and all it required was a registry setting.
-Blake  (off to grep around inside some binaries)

@_date: 1996-12-24 06:09:21
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
I bought a new PC a few months ago with just shy of $7K worth of
$100 bills.  No one even blinked.
-Blake (cash is good)

@_date: 1996-12-24 11:32:37
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
I was vaguely aware of this regulation (it's been discussed here in the
past) but actually I'm from north of the border.  Does anyone know if
there is are similar regulations in Canada?

@_date: 1996-12-24 11:49:50
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: Democracy, yeah right. 
The War on Some Drugs stikes again
Challenging it it court would be too much work and not
likely to succeed so why not just throw some doctors
in jail and scare the rest off.
       NEW YORK - The federal government has acknowledged   plans to prosecute doctors who prescribe marijuana and other   illegal drugs to seriously ill people under new laws approved by   voters in California and Arizona, The New York Times reported   Monday.
        Authorities plan to prosecute some doctors who help   supply such drugs to patients and strip their prescription   licenses, officials told the paper. Voters in Arizona and   California last month approved measures that relax restrictions   on the medical use of some illegal drugs.         The plan to move against doctors follows the Justice   Department's decision not to challenge the new state laws   in court. Federal officials also plan to launch a public-relations   campaign to remind Americans of the dangers of illegal drugs.
So remind me again, what exactly is the moral difference between Prozac and THC?

@_date: 1996-12-25 20:18:04
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: [NOT NOISE] Microsoft Crypto Service Provider API 
Even better than exporting the hacked advapi32.dll, compare the it with the original one.  I'd bet good money that the only difference is
the contents of the RC_DATA/ resource attached to the image.
(It's useful to note that the advapi32.dll from versions of NT before
CryptoAPI doesn't have any RC_DATA resources.)
And to think MS was good enough to provide an UpdateResource API that I haven't yet had a good reason to use.
Nope, a little experimentation shows you can change those entries
while the system is running to your hearts contents.  Try temporarily
renaming the signature key of the base provider.

@_date: 1996-12-29 13:20:02
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: Random ITAR violations 
I was looking through the current rfc index for
something else a few minutes ago when I noticed
rfc2040 from the end of October.  Machine readable C code for several modes of RC5.

@_date: 1997-01-21 15:58:05
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
Of course
I suspect you intended that to be sarcasm, but to be honest I
wouldn't have caught it at all if I wasn't already aware of your views in this area.  The person hosting the Anonymizer *does*
have the right to do exactly this.  I don't believe they would do
so, but that is a reputation issue not a question of my rights.
If I had entered into a contract with the provider of a service of
this nature then I would have a 'right' to expect their contractual
obligations to be fulfilled, but that is not the case with the
Anonymizer and certainly not with toad.com.
-Blake (freedom of the press for those with presses)

@_date: 1997-01-09 17:42:47
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
Welcome once again to your weekly round of 'Smell that Snake Oil'
This is a good start.  You would do well to keep your wild claims to a
minimum until after the first cursory reviews.
DES 128 - no such beast
PGP 1024 - this is presumably a RSA key size, and has nothing
to do with the session key involved in actually encrypting the data
RSA 128 - RSA is not suited to encrypting streams of data but if
you wanted to use it for that purpose 128bits would be ridiculusly
to small to be secure
IDEA 128 - wow, you've actually named one real block cipher!
IMDMP 2048 - feh
The fact that you would consider this to be a sufficient test is proof enough
for me that you should not be designing cryptosystems.
Not even close.
-Blake (who's waiting for the first pyramid-scheme cipher to be announced here next week)

@_date: 1997-01-09 18:11:52
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: Humor from the UDCM help file 
The Exportation Restrictions section reads as follow:
    As of the release of UDCM V2.0, there are no absolutely no     United States exportation regulation laws that actually affect     the electronic Internet distribution of the IMDMP encryption     algorithm. Electronic distribution technically does not constitute     physical distribution. So because of that, it is perfectly legal for     UDCM V2.0 to be digitally distributed world-wide. However, the     international physical disk distribution of UDCM V2.0 is not legal.     Also note that DataET will not sell a registered version of UDCM     to any person outside of the United States and Canada. There     are absolutely no exceptions at all. DataET Research cannot     be held responsible for any illegal distribution actions that take     place outside of its direct control. However, software containing     or having access to the registered version of UDCM may be     distributed world-wide, physically or electronically, but programs     developed using a registered version of UDCM may not be distributed     outside of the U.S. and Canada unless users are not given direct     access to UDCM's functions or unless applied encryption keys     are no larger than 7 bytes (56 bits). Users are said to have direct     access if they can choose which files to operate on.
Could someone please forward this to Dan Bernstein and Phil Karn, I'm sure they'll be happy to know that they can
drop the law suits now.

@_date: 1997-01-18 10:31:35
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: One time pads and randomness? 
I'm afraid you've fallen into one of the standard traps.  A PRNG can *not*
make a OTP no matter how you use it.  The total amount of entropy in a PRNG is the amount of entropy in the seed you use to key it.  All the other bits are directly derived from that seed.
A true OTP is completely secure from an information-theory point of view
because every byte has a full eight bits of entropy.  A PRNG can never
have this.
Having said all this, it is possible to make a good cipher from a PRNG.
RC4, for example, is exactly that and the variable sized key is the
seed for the PRNG.  It is however very difficult to come up with a
good algorithm for that cryptographically sound PRNG and you would
be much further ahead to use an existing one rather that trying to
roll your own.
I don't see anything wrong as such, but there is nothing to be gained either.
If your random data is real OTP material there is no need to skip to a random
byte within it, just start at the beginning and use it in sequence.  If your random
data is the output of a PRNG like the above then random starting point doesn't
buy you much additional security because the entire set of keying material can
be recreated from the seed.  It may increase the work-factor of searching for
the key, but it also imposes the practical problem of keeping all that keying
material secure.
More importantly don't confuse statistically random with cryptographically
random.  Just because a bunch of bits passes all the randomness test
you can think of doesn't mean it contains 100% entropy.  Consider the
digits of an irrational number like sqrt(2) or pi, the digits appear statistically
random but they can be recreated from just a tiny bit of knowledge.
A good litmus test is to ask yourself if there is any way you can
reproduce those bits.  If there is, they aren't a one time pad.
(Of course even if you can't it doesn't mean they are good. :-)

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:22:38
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: GSM technology 
NorTel isn't exactly Canada's phone company.  NorTel manufactures telecom equipment.  It is however 51% owned by BCE, which owns or has controlling interest in Bell Canada and several of the regional carriers as well a huge mess of other telco stuff.
ISDN is available fairly widely in my area of the country, but I'm
not aware of an commercially available ADSL  UUNET Canada
has been conducting ADSL trials in a couple of cities, but that's
all I've heard of thus far.
-Blake (who would love to be proved wrong as the price sounds great)

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:56:02
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: GSM technology 
NorTel isn't exactly Canada's phone company.  NorTel manufactures telecom equipment.  It is however 51% owned by BCE, which owns or has controlling interest in Bell Canada and several of the regional carriers as well a huge mess of other telco stuff.
ISDN is available fairly widely in my area of the country, but I'm
not aware of an commercially available ADSL  UUNET Canada
has been conducting ADSL trials in a couple of cities, but that's
all I've heard of thus far.
-Blake (who would love to be proved wrong as the price sounds great)

@_date: 1997-01-21 15:21:32
@_author: Blake Coverett 
@_subject: RE: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
Of course
I suspect you intended that to be sarcasm, but to be honest I
wouldn't have caught it at all if I wasn't already aware of your views in this area.  The person hosting the Anonymizer *does*
have the right to do exactly this.  I don't believe they would do
so, but that is a reputation issue not a question of my rights.
If I had entered into a contract with the provider of a service of
this nature then I would have a 'right' to expect their contractual
obligations to be fulfilled, but that is not the case with the
Anonymizer and certainly not with toad.com.
-Blake (freedom of the press for those with presses)
