
@_date: 1998-09-15 19:31:16
@_author: 702 
@_subject: MASS EMAIL WORKS!! 
THE GOOD NEWS! MASS E-MAIL MAY BE THE ANSWER!
Everyday millions of people on the internet with an E-Mail recieve a solicitation for a product. Many respond and purchase that product.
When your ad is placed directly in front of tens of thousand of consumers, your chances of a successful marketing program is very good!
THE BETTER NEWS! WE DO ALL THE WORK FOR YOU!
We advise you on ad copy, suggest different stratagies, tell you what works and what doesn't and most important of all....send your ad for you! Our pricing (per page, no color, no porn, no AOL, multiple 100K ads mailed....................................$99.00
500K       "          .............................$199.00    1million   "         ..............................$299.00
2million   "         ..............................$469.00
3million   "         ..............................$599.00
Each additional million............................$99.00
Additional pages add 20% per page
OUR SPECIALTY IS TARGETED CONSUMERS
Call us for more information!
THE BEST NEWS! WE ANSWER OUR CALLS LIVE!
Call us at (702) 257-8547 ext 143 (you must have this extention to do business with us and to receive the above pricing) Monday thru Friday 9:00 am to 3:00 pm
Pacific Standard Time for more information. In the unlikely event we are unavailable, our trusty voice will take your message, page us, and we will return your call forthwith.
NOTE: For those on the internet who do not want to recieve exciting messages such as this.....
* To be removed from our mailing list, call us direct @ 702-257-8547 ext 143 for removal. Impolite requests take a little longer.......
*We strive to comply with all state and federal laws and to send ads only to interested parties.
*This ad is not intended for nor do we knowingly send to Washington State residents. We have over 75 million e-mail addresses, and to remove all Washington State addresses is difficult at best. *To be removed from our mailing list, CALL 702-257-8547 ext 12 and politely leave your e-mail address. Your e-mail address will be removed from our list and our affilate lists * OR CLICK_HERE_TO_GOTO_REMOVE-LIST.COM   Remove-List is a free public service offering to help the general get removed from commercial mailings lists and has not sent this If you want their help please add your name to their list and we you will
not receive a commercial email from us or any other member bulk * Responding to the "return address" will NOT have your name removed. PRINT THIS AD FOR FUTURE CONSIDERATION!!

@_date: 1998-09-29 08:09:57
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: GOLD IN BOLIVIA 
SUN RIVER MINING, INC. offers investors an incredible investment opportunity in a company that is slated to begin producing gold during 1999 at a cash cost of less than US$100 per ounce!
Sun River Mining went public in September and trades on the NASDAQ OTC electronic bulletin board under the symbol "SUNR".  Sun River Mining is tightly-held (insiders hold 7.8 million shares), has a limited float (approximately 1.5 million shares) and is not very widely known.
The Company's primary business is the acquisition, exploration development of placer gold projects in Bolivia, with the goal of becoming Bolivia's largest and lowest-cost alluvial gold producer.  The management team has over 60 years of placer mining experience.
THE COMPANY
Sun River Mining, through its Bolivian subsidiary, North Bolivian
Investment S.A. has entered into a Letter of Understanding Agreement with Aluvion S.A. and its shareholders to acquire up to an 81% equity interest in Aluvion, which is a Bolivian company holding mineral concessions in the Tipuani River basin.  Aluvion management  has extensive dredging experience in alluvial / placer gold prospects and owns hydraulic excavation equipment.
The Company has obtained a report on the Tipuani River prospects of Aluvion from the respected mining and engineering firm in Denver, Colorado of Watts, Griffis & McOuat, Limited ("WGM").  The Report concluded that "there are indeed significant volumes of unmined uriferous gravels to justify interest in establishing commercial operations based on these deposits." WGM recommended additional drilling of prospects for evaluation purposes,
and that negotiations to reduce royalty interests in the concessions begin.
The company is currently seeking funding sources and / or oint venture partners to provide capital for the pursuit of the Aluvion S.A.opportunities.  The Letter of Understanding Agreement requires aggregate payments of $7,189,000 to complete a 74.324% equity interest acquisition of Aluvion, of which over $400,00 has been advanced to Aluvion with $5.57 million due January 31, 1999 and a further $1.2 million to be paid out of production.  Further, $2.5 million additional paid in capital would increase SUNR's equity interest in Aluvion to 81%.  There are on-going negotiations with several financing sources; however, the Company has not received a binding commitment for such funds at this time, nor are there guarantees or assurances that such a financing can be arranged on terms acceptable to Sun River Mining.
Sun River Mining's Denver-area location allows it to tap into a wealth of local technical, financial and operational expertise.  Other Colorado-based firms with major property positions as well as operating and developing mines in Bolivia include:  Orvana Resources (developing the Don Mario and Pederson gold projects), Granges, Inc. (undertaking feasibility studies on the Capa Circa and Amayapampa deposits), and Golden Eagle International.
Among operating companies, a key component of success is the experience of the management team.
If Sun River Mining acquires Aluvion S.A., it will have the benefit of
Gaston Fernandez (currently the President of Aluvion) who has 45 years of mining experience, mostly in dredging operations in South America.  Mr. Fernandez was Chief Engineer on the Kaka River dredge operated by South America Placers, Inc. from 1957 - 1965, using the same dredge that Sun River Mining / Aluvion intends to acquire, refurbish and use on the Tipuani & Kaka River projects.  His son, Marcelo Fernandez, is a mining engineer with over 20 years of placer mining experience (a graduate of the Colorado School of Mines), who is employed by Aluvion as technical and operations manager for the Lower Tipuani and Kaka River gold THE PROSPECTS
Lower Tipuani.  The Lower Tipuani prospects cover approximately 8 km along the Tipuani River between the towns of Guanay and Tipuani. Guanay is located 105 kilometers north of LaPaz, Bolivia, and is connected with LaPaz by a 230-km paved, gravel and dirt road (a new paved road is under In the Lower Tipuani area, the river is 30 to 60 meters wide and up to 10 meters deep.  All of the necessary infrastructure is in place, including a 100-man base camp, access roads and high voltage hydroelectric power lines.
An environmental impact study has been completed and approved by the Bolivian government.  The one remaining permit necessary to begin construction, the "environmental operating license", takes about 60 days to receive (Aluvion needs to provide Bolivian government with information on the equipment to be used and a schedule for the exploitation phase).
Planned mining operations would involve dredging, washing and filtering river gravels to recover free particles of gold and produce dore bars (> 95% Au).  With no chemical processes involved, mining and processing operations do not pose the risk of introducing into the environment the chemicals used to recover gold by many other mining projects.
The Lower Tipuani alluvials would be mined out over a four-year span (1999 - 2002).  During this period, Aluvion projects recovering over 257,000 ounces of gold, or an average of 64,300 ounces per year.  Cash operating costs are estimated at US$93 per ounce (these projections have been reviewed by Watts, Griffis & McOuat).
Kaka River.  Subject to financing, operations are currently projected to begin in the year 2000; gravel deposits, if economically producable, could last for an estimated minimum 20 year mine life (this prospect is not subject to seasonal shutdowns during the rainy season).
Sun River Mining / Rio Del Sol have entered into a letter of intent with
Central Cooperative Teoponte, which represents nine local cooperatives operating along the Kaka River.  Subject to funding and performance requirements, the Kaka River properties are expected to be acquired in return for a production royalty (no cash / shares / debt).
NEW LISTING ("SUNR" on OTC:BB)
GOLD PRODUCTION PROJECTED TO BEGIN IN 1999
PROJECTED ANNUAL PRODUCTION OF > 150,000 oz/yr @ US$96/oz
FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
SUN RIVER MINING, INC.
Suite  201    5353 Manhattan Circle
Boulder, Colorado  80303  USA
Phone: (303) 543 - 8434    WATTS, GRIFFIS & McOUAT REPORT
NOTE: For those on the internet who do not want to recieve exciting messages such as this.....
* To be removed from our mailing list, call us direct @ 702-257-8547 ext 143 for removal. *We strive to comply with all state and federal laws and to send ads only to interested parties.
*This ad is not intended for nor do we knowingly send to Washington State residents. * OR CLICK_HERE_TO_GOTO_REMOVE-LIST.COM   Remove-List is a free public service offering to help the general get removed from commercial mailings lists and has not sent this If you want their help please add your name to their list and we you will
not receive a commercial email from us or any other member bulk * Responding to the "return address" will NOT have your name removed.
