
@_date: 1998-03-24 21:25:10
@_author: Bienfait Nutly News 
@_subject: The Arkansas Chainsaw Massacre 
[Bienfait, Saskatchewan] AT A LATE-NIGHT CELEBRATION AT THE COALDUST
Saloon, members of the MeatSpace Revolutionary Arm of the Army of Dog
congratulated one another on the success of 'Operation FireDrill.'
Although their efforts to promote their violent interpretation of
'The True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts was somewhat dampened
by the fact that their young pawns did not have the strength to
pull-start the excessively large Stihl chainsaws they were provided,
and had to resort to conventional arms, the mission was still seen as
a success.
Defcon McCullagh Chainsaw, a violent terrorist who has managed to
infiltrate the mainstream media as a respected correspondent, said,
"The twisted spin that the citizens of this Bible-(spare the)Belt(spoil
the child) community will put on this tragedy will no doubt increase
the Sheeple's call for stronger censorship and repression of expression,
which will not only provide me with more material for my ineffective
columns pissing in the wind generated by the Moral Majority, but will
also hasten the MeatSpace rEvolution that will arise in response to
the unconstitutional limits which the government will impose on the
citizens under cover of the associated propaganda spewn out by their
pawns in the mainstream media."
A spokesperson for Pat Buchanan, dodging questions regarding the rumors
that the Moral Majority was snookered by the Army of Violent Dogs into
financing the operation, said, "I have no comment, except to note that
tomorrow I will release a statement clarifying what I would have 'meant
to say' during this press conference, if I had, in fact, said anything
beyond, 'No comment.'"
In a private conversation with this reportwhore, God, on the condition
that he not be quoted, said, "Dog works in mysterious ways."

@_date: 1998-04-20 07:16:47
@_author: Bienfait Nutly News 
@_subject: Epilogue 1/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
[BIENFAIT NUTLY NEWS-MongerItaville,Co1]REPORTWHORES FOR the Bienfait
Nutly News spent the night in drunken, drug-crazed revelry at the home
of A DANGEROUSLY CRAZED VIOLENT PSYCHO KILLER TO BE NAMED LATER, while
waiting for the CoalDust Saloon to open for the day so that they could
celebrate the 'Pull-It,Sir Prize' they are certain to be awarded by
UNCLAD-PuN* for their contributions to the Bienfait Nutly News Special,
entitled '!!!KILL THE CHILDREN!!!
* Union for Naked Child Love & Death - Pedophiles und Necrophiles
Bubba Rom Dos, a fictional character from 'The True Story of the
InterNet' manuscripts being circulated by an underground computer cult
gratefully deadicated to the memory of Jerry Garcia, rode into Bienfait
on a Pink Elephant about 6 a.m., as the ninth case of beer bit the dust
and the rosy pink cheeks of the sonofgomez began peeking slowly under
the whore rising to meet the thick, dark fog lingering in her mind from
the pill that had been slipped into her drink at bar-closing time the
night before.
"Onward through the Fog!" she mumbled, as she was handed her first
offical bong of the same-new-day by Oat Willie. She had just a couple of
hours to get home and get ready for another dreary day at the
Junior-High ten KILLometers down the road, in Estevan. She saw Bubba Rom
Dos slowly appearing out of the fog and wisely turned so that her butt
was up against the wall she was using for balance.
The drunken whord of Nutly News reportwhores, gathered from around the
world for the illustrious occassion, took the appearance of Bubba,
widely known as a crazed, drunken pedophile representing a long lineage
of voices barfing in the wilderness, to mean that the BNN promotional
announcement (cleverly disguised as a news story) was about to come to
an end, and it was time to begin the serious work of actually writing
the News Special, which was thus far only a vague concept consisting of
ludicrous ideas thrown out at random during a series of mumbled and
slurred, semi-incoherent ramblings in between hashish-induced laughing
spasms, munchies attacks, and pissing contests of both a physical and
conceptual nature.
"I guess it's time to put in that right-square bracket." Defcon
McCullagh Chainsaw informed the Author. "What the hell is it really called?" the Author asked, causing the
gathered reportwhores to pause whatever they were doing and search their
minds for the proper word, or wonder if it wasn't just called, 'the
right-square bracket.' The attempted mental exercise was to little
avail, since the MongerItaville official motto is, "It's always drunkest
just before dawn." and they quickly found themselves sucked into the
Grateful Void in which one realizes that the Grateful Secret Of Life is
properly balancing one's drug intake and proceeds to slowly suck on a
fresh beer to counter the effects of the last bong.
The Author surveyed the suddenly serious somber scribes, and quiety
ended the promotional announcement disguised as a news report by typing

@_date: 1998-04-20 10:42:51
@_author: Bienfait Nutly News 
@_subject: Epilogue 2/0 -- SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epilogue 2/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
Introduction By:
A DANGEROUSLY CRAZED VIOLENT PSYCHO KILLER TO BE NAMED LATER
  It is with great fondness and trepidation that I recall the wonderful
summer days spent on the ball diamonds of Austin, Texas, in the late
  Behind the dugout, under the stands, sharing a quick toke with other
members of Armadillo World HeadQuarters' jock-supporters--fans and
players of the legendary PSYCHO KILLERS, widely recognized as the most
dangerous-to-themselves opponents in the history of the Grand Game, no
matter where or how it was played.
  Slapping David Byrne upside his Talking Head for Bogarting the Belushi
and then realizing that his momentary lapse in proper drug-addict
ettiquette was a result of his attention being rivetted to some
terrifying incident of reality taking place out on the ball diamond.
  Seeing the outfielder nonchalantly digging his toe in the dirt at the
edge of the infield as a conference took place on the pitcher's mound
between the other members of the Austin Police Department ball team.
Watching in horror as the outline of a small finger could be seen poking
out from the dirt as the outfielder prodded his spiked toe in the dirt,
and then watching it being covered again, as he unconsciously tapped it
back down in the dirt.
  Knowing that you should have taken little Delbert's body to the river
and washed it down, with Tex Thomas & the Dangling Wranglers singing, "I
Am Washed In The Rum of the Lamb" softly in the background, according to
the instructions Rocky Erickson had received from Mars through the
fillings in his teeth after stepping out of the elevator on the 13th
floor, only to find himself in a vast wasteland of the mind where fear
and superstition coming from the Real (TM) floors of his brain structure
would sometimes cause him to doubt the voices.
  Hearing C.J. Parker, The County Mountie, drunkenly singing the ending
strains of the chorus of 'Armadillo (Are You Sure Jesus Done It This
Way?)': "And they catch those fly-balls on the head.
 And they never steal second, they steal first instead,
 Cause they learned all those moves that they make,
 From Panama Red."
  I don't wish to end up boring you with the youthful reminesces of a
doddering, senile old fart reliving the Glory Days in a time and place
where mental instability was honored and valued, whether it was C.J.
Parker singing about drug-induced mental instability of the Psycho
Killers, or Kinky Friedmann singing the praises of organic mental
disorder by hosting a Charles Whitman Memorial Reunion bash, with the
Texas Jewboys playing their harps in the background...
  Where was I...?
  Oh yes, I don't wish to end up boring you, but I'm a doddering, senile
old fart, so what the fuck can you expect, eh?
  The way this relates to CRYPTology is...
  At the end of MeatSpace lies...the Crypt!
  "Everybody want's to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die."
  "Nobody gets out of here alive."
  "I cooked Belushi's last spoon!"
  These are just a few of the song-titles which reflect the inherent
understanding of the muse that the rotting MeatSpace carcasses of the
CypherPunks will eventually turn to dust, but that the stench of their
vile, sick and twisted, 'shunned by every decent citizen' ideas and
philosophies will live on eternally in the biosemiotic evolution of
analogue life-forms crystallizing into the digital bits and bytes which
will exist forever in the CyberSpace home of virtual reality, the
Eternity Server.
  It was a lack of the esoteric understanding held by the Circle of
Eunuchs (AC/DC Rules!) Bienfait Nutly News reportwhores which led to DC
(Direct Current) journalists to proclaim the "Death of the CypherPunks,"
not understanding that the Toad was not dead, but had merely turned into
a Handsome Prince whose experiences in the bath houses of Sif Fiasco had
led him to realize that Human Gus-Peter should be shared with all who
wished to drink from the spigot of his knowledge, male *and* female,
regardless of whether or not they were wearing panties.
  Where was I...?
  Oh, yes...
  The sudden appearance of Bubba Rom Dos at the celebration for the
Pull-It,Sir Prize certain to be awarded for the, as yet, unwritten,
"KILL THE CHILDREN!!!" Bienfait Nutly News Special, reminded those
gathered of Bubba's infamous quote, "If murder is to have any meaning at
all, you must kill your friends."
  After singing a few verses of Bang! Crosby, Deathly Still & Gnashing
of Teeth's  hit song, "If you can't kill the one you love...kill the one
you're with." the reportwhores suddenly became stone-cold sober and,
realizing that the Canadian Author is Stone-Cold Crazy (TM), instantly
realized the true import of the Canadian AuthorTitty's efforts to drag
the InfoWar being waged in CyberSpace down into MeatSpace (where they
could kick the Author's sorry ass), by the confiscation of the physical
tools which he used to mirror analogue life onto the digital plane,
Electronically Forging ahead, past the historical boundaries of
MeatSpace Identity, into the Multi-User Persona Paridigm where
TruthMonger and [YourNameHere] are free to live together in
peace and discord...
  Excuse me. I had to pause for a breath...
  Anyway, Armed Thugs With Massive MeatSpace Weaponry (TM) have a
deathly fear of being transmorgified into Mental Midgets by the
UnComprehensible InConceptual Distributed Digital Artistry (TM) taking
place in the parts of the brain used by the muse-- which go far beyond
the part of the brain where their own elevator stops, and they can go no
further, because taking the stairs isn't in their job description and
would probably get them in trouble with the union.
  Accordingly, they strike out like primitive savages at that which they
do not understand, using their heavy clubs to destroy the tools which
digital muses use to spam the MeatSpace Reality of the Decent Folk (TM)
with the '8 Words George Carlin Can't Say On The InterNet' :
1. Shit
2. Piss
3. Fuck
4. Cunt
5. Cocksucker
6. Motherfucker
7. Tits
8. Comstockery
Comstockery (KOM-stok-uh-ree, KUM-) noun
   Censorship of literature and other forms of expression and
   because of perceived immorality or obscenity.
[After Anthony COMSTOCK.]
WORD HISTORY: Bowdlerism, named after Dr. Thomas Bowdler (1754-1825),
been around longer than Comstockery, named for Anthony Comstock
All Bowdler did to enter the world of common nouns was to expurgate
Shakespeare, the Bible, and Gibbon's History of the Decline and Fall of
Roman Empire. On the other hand, Comstock, the organizer and secretary
the New York Society for the Suppression of Vice, helped destroy 160
of literature and pictures that he deemed immoral. Comstockery, the word
honoring his achievements, is first recorded in 1905 in a letter by
Bernard Shaw to the New York Times: "Comstockery is the world's standing
Joke at the expense of the United States.... It confirms the deep-seated
conviction of the Old World that America is a provincial place, a second
rate country-town civilization after all.".
   "The best argument for upholding this electronic Comstockery can be
   summed up in a single world: zoning."
   Jeffrey Rosen, Can the government stop cyberporn?,
   The New Republic, 31 Mar 1997.
Send your comments about words to anu  To subscribe or
unsubscribe A.Word.A.Day, send a message to wsmith with
"Subject:" line as "subscribe " or "unsubscribe".  Archives,
FAQ, gift subscription form, and more at:   Uuhhh...I remember where I 'was,' but I don't remember where I'm
  Uuhhh....hhmm...........
[End of Epilogue 2/0, I guess]
