
@_date: 1996-06-04 07:46:35
@_author: Benjamin Renaud 
@_subject: Re: Java Crypto API questions 
Policies are statements like:
"code endorsed by any one of the following signatures (say three of my friends) can access the public part of my file system"
This is hard. It's probably not going to make it in the first release.
The simple first pass is to say "code signed by x, y, and z" can do whatever it wants.
The alias had some trouble over the week-end. It should be working
fine now.

@_date: 1996-06-04 08:33:05
@_author: Benjamin Renaud 
@_subject: Re: Java Crypto API questions 
In the actual talk, I said "will be public and open", that is when we
actually announce the policy it will be public and open. The things
that are certain about it is that it will be constrained only by export
considerations, and that we'll sign competitors' packages.
I am hoping that I can get a spec document for the API ready by the end
of the month. By then we will have more details regarding the export
stuff. In the meantime, I'll see if we can get an interim FAQ
The security-api address should be working now.

@_date: 1996-06-04 13:19:48
@_author: Benjamin Renaud 
@_subject: Re: Java Crypto API questions 
Just to clarify a couple of things. We're not pushing anything down
your throat. You are still perfectly free to use Visual C++ if that is
what you prefer. A statement to the effect of "is probably not going to
make it in the first release" means the following things:
- If we can, we will make it happen (in some form) in the first release.
We're just trying to set expectations realistically.
- We think that the ability to let applets have free reign is
useful,and since that is easier, we are certain to put it in the first
- No matter what we do, we must address some very thorny issues of key
management and user trust model, so doing this will be useful. The important thing to remember is that we're not going to come out
with an implementation and claim to have solved the capabilities model
We're taking a first step at using signatures with Java for security
purposes, but this is only a first step. We remain fully committed to
finer and more powerful security models. Note that an application
written to the Java platform will be able to implement security
policies based on digital signatures which are not fully permissive.
