
@_date: 1996-02-23 18:30:02
@_author: Brad Knowles 
@_subject: Re: 
I consider myself a neophyte CypherPunk, in that I just
joined the DC CypherPunk mailing list.  If you check a
particular issue of _Communications of the ACM_ in the "ACM
Forum" section, you'll see that I've been kicking around this
kind of stuff for a little while.  For anyone who is interested,
I'll post or privately email the information on which issue it
was, as soon as I can remember which issue it was.
    I would have to say that MOSS does have the advantage of
being very well MIME-integrated, and therefore can serve as a
good framework on how to use something that is not necessarily
PEM-based.  I'm seriously hoping that whatever we finally come
up with, it won't look too very different from RFC 1848, except
where specific algorithms are discussed or perhaps additional
    Oh, yeah.  We (the community interested in secure Internet
email) need to decide if we're willing to have an internal and
an external representation differ in this manner, since we
obviously can't show IA5 strings to the user or expect them to
type in IA5 strings.  My personal opinion is that the IA5
strings need to be dumped in favour of a proper Internet email
address format (which I'm sure is specified by one of the
bazillion email-related RFCs, I just don't know which one to
    IMO, this has to be fixed as well.  The good thing is that
the folks who have an investment in S/MIME seem to be willing to
make changes to the specification to suit the desires of the
larger secure Internet email connunity at large.  I hope that
companies like VeriSign (that help other comapnies to implement
this kind of technology) also agree to follow suit.
    IMO, unity in this case is both a benefit and a deficit.
Because it has not historically been separable, it's either all
or none of PGP, and that's not an implementory style that's
likely to win friends or marketshare.  To that degree, I think
PGP has probably been less successful than it could have been.
To the degree that this is changing is one indicator of its
potential to continue to be a player.
    Although these benefits are present in the current MSP, I
don't see anything inherent in MSP that makes it necessarily
superior in these areas.  If you were doing normal MIME-type
receipts (whatever that means, since I think there are three
different drafts under way currently), and you simply added the
ability to cryptographically sign a timestamp in the "proper"
MIME receipt type, then MSP would lose this advantage.
    I think labeling could potentially be done by follow-on
versions of other packages as well, since I think we all agree
that generic labeling which can be used both for standard
gov't-style classification levels and compartments, as well as
for business-style sensitivity labeling.  In fact, I'd almost be
inclined to say that it would likely be as easy (or easier) to
create a new general-purpose labeling system for use with any of
the competitors than it would be to modify MSP to support
business-style labels in addition to the gov't-style labels I'm
sure it has today (maybe it already has labels, but I don't
think that this is that tough of a problem to solve in any
    Yes, ASN.1.  Ugh.  Dave, have you been able to dig up that
penultimate discourse upon ANS.1 from your brother?
    On the whole, I haven't read anything of MSP yet, so perhaps
I'm totally off-base.  Maybe I'm misguided on this, but when it
comes to "new" protocols or standards that just suddenly drop
onto my radar screen, I sometimes wonder why I haven't heard of
them before and what someone is trying to hide.
    This is where I say that what we need to do is neither cave
in to the limitation imposed by the gov't nor do we accept that
we have to rip out encryption from our products to be shipped
overseas or used in the U.S. on the behalf of overseas
customers.  We need to (on a daily basis) wipe the gov't nose in
this mess that they've created, until such time as they learn
that it stinks and that they shouldn't do that indoors anymore.
    ITAR be damned.
    And own the crown jewels to every single company in the U.S.
all that much faster.  It's not like the NSA is help to protect
them from espionage that originates from competitors or from
what used to be the political espionage organizations that are
now fighting to keep their jobs.  It's not like companies will
have a single moments interest in having to deal with two
different standards for their U.S. customers and overseas
customers, or worse, their U.S. subsidiaries and their overseas
    Everybody should buy their encryption technology from a
country where this kind of thing isn't under export control, and
then ship (or operate) from that country.  When all the
companies have moved overseas somewhere (or at least moved the
official bits that they have to move in order to make this
happen), maybe the U.S. gov't will wake up.  But of course, by
then it will be too late.  And the NSA (and other governmental
entities) will have succeeded in doing "Very Grave Harm to
National Security Interests" because there won't be much of a
Nation left behind when all the companies (and therefore
workers) are overseas.
    Sorry, this has been a *major* sore point with me for years.
    I'm hoping that we'll be able to significantly reduce the
playing field of "what's real".
    You may see them from others, but I don't think you're
likely to see them from us anytime soon.  See my comments above
about ITAR.  We're a world-wide company (and trying to become
even moreso) with world-wide customers.  Hell, we could even get
completely cut off from certain countries because they deem that
we're providing access to "illegal" or "unapproved" encryption
    You mean "multipart/signed", right?
    There was also strong support for changing the
"octet-stream" definition of "multipart/encrypted" to something
more meaningful (hopefully simply state that it's one of the
standard MIME types, and can presumably be safely converted to
and from things like base64 or quoted-printable, or that its
canonical form is one of the seven-bit safe formats).  With that
change, there was strong support that I heard voiced for
supporting "multipart/encrypted" as well.
    Agreed.  I think Dave Crocker deserves a lot of credit for
how well he managed to shepard us "cats" and that he didn't let
things get far enough off-track that we turned into "hostile
        -Brad

@_date: 1996-02-28 20:54:35
@_author: Brad Knowles 
@_subject: RE: 
Interestingly, I talked to the folks developing the Simeon
IMAP-based MUA (the only cross-platform IMAP MUA that I know of; if
anyone else knows of one, please tell me), and they told me that they
knew of the conference and instead decided to focus on getting the
next version of their client out the door.  And they're claiming to
be implementing MOSS, S/MIME, and PGP (PGP/MIME, I hope?).  Pretty
surprising answer, coming from a company that I think will be so
radically affected by the outcome of that workshop and the continuing
work done by the same community of folks.  I don't even know if
they've got someone subscribed to this mailing list (it sounds like
they don't).
    I have no idea if the rest of the PEM/MOSS commercial community
is like this, but I'm not sure it bodes well for them in particular.
I mean, if it really is a matter of them being small enough that one
key guy can't afford to take a few days out (like both Qualcomm and
Z-Code did), then maybe they're too small to survive the shakeout.
And if it's a matter of them not caring, well....
    Somebody else made this observation about the age of MOSS at the
workshop, and as I recall Dave's response was something to the effect
of "Uh, it's actually a heck of a lot older than that, the difference
is that the RFC has only been on the streets for four months."
Brad Knowles,                                  MIME/PGP: brad
    comp.mail.sendmail FAQ Maintainer             finger brad for my PGP Public Key and Geek Code
The comp.mail.sendmail FAQ is at
