
@_date: 1998-09-21 15:15:04
@_author: bram 
@_subject: Re: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
Is this really patentable? It sounds a *lot* like the original public-key
algorithm (the one involving lots of little 'puzzles')

@_date: 1998-09-23 13:10:16
@_author: bram 
@_subject: Re: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
I'd say the following has been well established by now - - The people at ArcotSign are not completely clueless
- They're doing things in a possibly sub-optimal way as far as publically
explaining their algorithms, but this is a decision on their part, it's
not that they don't have reasonable algorithms to back things up
- They're not releasing due to being afraid of people copying their
product before they've gotten sufficiently far in development/achieved
some market penetration. Those of you who don't work at startups might not
be familiar with this sort of thinking, but it's completely reasonable -
if you go around telling everybody all the little details of how to make
things work, some large company might make a very quick bastardized
version and throw lots of marketing oomph behind it.
- Their marketing materials are a bit misleading. This they can reasonably
be faulted for.
In short, at worst it's a poor product, but not 'snake-oil'. I have no
idea whether it's a *good* product, since I've never looked at it, but for
all I know it might be the greatest thing since sliced bread.
I think that pretty much sums up everything there is to currently say on
the subject, until ArcotSign releases more details.
(Who isn't talking about what he's working on until the official release
of a reasonably well fleshed-out product comes out.)

@_date: 1998-09-30 17:08:22
@_author: bram 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
I've never heard anyone say it's unfair, I've just heard people claim that
there's benefit they could be getting which is prohibited by it. This
generally translates into benefit which is denied their clients as well,
in addition to people who interact with their clients. I for one don't
much care if code I write makes someone money in addition to doing some
good, I just want it to be beneficial.
Basic physical necessities, as well as business mechanisms, unfortunately
make it impossible for all code I write to be distributed without some
mechanism by which I could make money off of it. That doesn't mean my code
is evil, just that I'm not independently wealthy.
(Incidentally, the code I'm working on right now will probably wind up
being free, with a considerably looser license than GPL.)
