
@_date: 1993-12-10 22:19:42
@_author: "Brock N. Meeks" 
@_subject: Re:  ALERT: FBI's Wiretap Bill is Back! 
Geez, Stanton, if you're going to rip off my story, you might want
to give me some credit... or isn't EFF's self-proclaimed "Online
Activist and Sysop" into proper journalistic practices of attributing
where he gets his information.
Just to clear things up, Stanton's message is a poorly rewritten
copy of an article I wrote for _Communications Daily_ that ran on Dec. 9.
The comments by FBI agent Barry Smith and Ken Raymond were made to me
during one-on-one interviews, not open press conferences.  There's
no way you could have these quotes or this information Stanton unless
you first read my story.
Next time try giving credit where it's due... Or steal your information
from someone not on the Net.
Brock Meeks
Communications Daily

@_date: 1994-03-21 15:30:11
@_author: "Brock N. Meeks" 
@_subject: Dallas lawyer needs consultant for privacy of international linguists 
John, please forward:
Since I'm not an active member of Cypherpunks, I thought maybe
you could post this message.  It's legit and I think a worthy
There's an attorney in Dallas that needs help:  Your help.
Crypto help.
His name is Albert Rochelle (214-520-0881).  He contacted me
after reading my article on privacy and clipper in the April
issue of _Wired_ magazine.
Albert's client is an international organization of linguists.
They specialize in taking unwritten languages and translating
them to written words.  They are a clean, non-political group and
they want to stay that way.  Trouble is, Albert told me, there
are governments, both U.S. and foreign, that want to tap this
organization's files to access the "raw intelligence" that their
field personnel often send in.
This intelligence is nothing more than the certain problems they
might be having with the in-country governments.  But they don't
want prying eyes to be poking into their files, using whatever
they send in against other groups.
Similarly, they don't want their translation notes, files, used
by intelligence agencies against the people they are working with
for translation.
So, they want to encrypt and they need some expert help, Albert
is in charge of helping them do all this, BUT HE'S A NEOPHTYE and
readily admits this.
He's all for privacy encryption schemes and thinks the govt.
proposed Clipper standard stinks.
He's willing PAY MONEY for your help and he's looking forward to
hearing from anyone out there willing to help him get his
organization, crypto-safe.
Please give him a call, like I said, he's willing to pay for your
services.  Tell him I sent you.
Brock Meeks
Communiations Daily
------- End of Forwarded Message
