
@_date: 1994-05-29 11:09:16
@_author: Brookfield Economics Institute (U.S.A. Limited 
@_subject: digital clearinghouse idea 
I am a crypto-novice, so perhaps you can develop these ideas better. But, here goes.
Right now, if you want an anonymous transaction done and a small amount of money is involved, you
can go down to a bank or Seven Eleven and purchase a money order for cash. You mail the money
order, and it is very hard for anyone to find out who you are. The money order has introduced
anonymity between you and the payee. My concept is similar, but it would seem that any such concept
must work with your existing checking accounts, to be useful today.
So, to establish an ecash digital clearinghouse, how about the following:
1. Set up an Ecash Clearinghouse (ECH) in bank secrecy haven, such as Bahamas, Liechtenstein, etc.
2. Subscribers to ECH pay $2/month plus small transaction charge (say 3. Each subscriber authorizes his bank to accept electronic checks from ECH as debits to his account.
   Electronic checks are currently handled by the U.S. banking system as Automatic Clearinghouse
   transactions, and are used by organizations such as Checkfree(tm) and by insurance companies
   to automatically take money out of your account each month for premiums, etc.
3. Ecash is emailed to ECH.
4. ECH issues an electronic debit to payor's account. This debit clears, so now the money is in the
   account of the ECH.
5. ECH issues an electronic payment to the payee's account. This electronic payment is from the ECH,
   with the ecash number as the "backup" for the transaction.
6. Now everyone has gotten paid.
Weaknesses perhaps you can address: the ECH "knows" who is the payor and payee for each transaction.
Similar to anon.penet.fi, in that there _is_ a list somewhere which could be seized and use
to reconstruct the transactions, e. g. for "law enforcement" purposes.
Perhaps ECH subscribers could open an ECH account as a "numbered" account, but even so, since the
ECH would have each subscribers' regular checking account number, this wouldn't be much
protection. Without the ECH knowing your checking account number, ecash isn't convenient.
Any ideas?
BROOKFIELD ECONOMICS INSTITUTE
Do you want to subscribe to our newsletter? Send email to brookfld with the words
as the subject of the message.
Do you have a business question? Send it to brookfld Questions which Brookfield determines are of common interest will be answered in the newsletter. Submissions become property of Brookfield Econcomics Institute.
Copyright (c) 1994 Brookfield Economics Institute (U.S.A.) Limited. Rights are granted for use or duplication of this information by subscribers and individuals, but all commercial rights and rights of resale are reserved. Other use or duplication is prohibited. Brookfield is not engaged in rendering professional advice. In business and legal matters the advice of an attorney or other competent professional should be sought.

@_date: 1994-05-30 11:25:36
@_author: Brookfield Economics Institute (U.S.A. Limited 
@_subject: re: digital clearinghouse 
We are able to use ACH ourselves.
Yes, a customer can pre-authorize us to take amounts out of their checking account using ACH. The amounts do not have to be periodic, they can be any time, any amount.
Our bank, with whom we are setting up ACH, determines whether or not we are using adequate security and authorization procedures, and holds us responsible if we're not.
BROOKFIELD ECONOMICS INSTITUTE
Do you want to subscribe to our newsletter? Send email to brookfld with the words
as the subject of the message.
Do you have a business question? Send it to brookfld Questions which Brookfield determines are of common interest will be answered in the newsletter. Submissions become property of Brookfield Econcomics Institute.
Copyright (c) 1994 Brookfield Economics Institute (U.S.A.) Limited. Rights are granted for use or duplication of this information by subscribers and individuals, but all commercial rights and rights of resale are reserved. Other use or duplication is prohibited. Brookfield is not engaged in rendering professional advice. In business and legal matters the advice of an attorney or other competent professional should be sought.

@_date: 1996-03-29 18:48:14
@_author: Brookfield Economics Institute (U.S.A. Limited 
@_subject: suggestions for starting an e-bank 
If I were going to start an e-bank, what would you suggest?
1. What type of e-cash system?
2. What services to offer?
3. Where would I get information?
4. Where is there a need in the marketplace?
A friend of mine has the means and desire to do this, and he wanted me to
ask and then forward the answers to him.
Thank you in advance.
