
@_date: 1997-02-08 06:24:54
@_author: Bubba ROM DOS 
@_subject: Re: 
To unsubscribe, send 2,000 messages to cypherpunks with a
message body that says,
  "John Gilmore is a cocksucker! (spit, fart)"
  This method has proven effective in the past.

@_date: 1997-02-08 06:23:13
@_author: Bubba ROM DOS 
@_subject: Re: 
To unsubscribe, send 2,000 messages to cypherpunks with a
message body that says,
  "John Gilmore is a cocksucker! (spit, fart)"
  This method has proven effective in the past.

@_date: 1997-03-18 02:51:45
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Prologue 
Title: Tragedy / TV_WORLD Prelogue
Prologue to 'WebWorld & The Mythical
Circle of Eunuchs'
The great tragedy of it, is that it didn't have to
happen. Not at all...we were warned.
And yet, still, it has come to this.
I don't know why I feel this overwhelming compulsion
to go on and on about it. I could have done something. We all
could have done something.
Perhaps the final epitaph on the gravestone of Freedom
will be, "Why didn't somebody do something?" That seems to be the common battle-cry of the legions
of humanity that have been sucked into the vortex of the New
World Order.
None of the imprisoned seem to know that the very phrase itself
is reflective of the source of their imprisonment...that this
desperate cry of anguish is in no way an antidote for the terrible
disease that has afflicted 'Liberty and Justice', and that
it is, rather, merely the final symptom of the cursed blight itself.
I can hear the rumbling of the trucks as they come
up the street, and soon I will be hearing the thumping of the
jackboots storming up the staircase, as I have heard them so many
times before. But I suspect that this time, the sound will be
different, that it will have an ethereal quality about it, one
which conveys greater personal meaning than it did when I heard
it on previous occasions.
This time, they are coming for me.
My only hope, is that I can find the strength of
character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies
at the heart of why there is a 'they' to come for me at all...why,
in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless
The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic
as it is essential for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom
and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling
at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by
'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.'
The question is:
"Why didn't I do something?"
These are the words that legend ascribes to the tombstone erected
in a 'potters field' outside of the B.TV city of Austin, Texas.
The tombstone, according to historians who have verified it's
existence, though it was removed after being in place for less
than twenty-four hours, was supposedly that of Vice-Admiral B.
Although historians have verified the existence of the grave,
as well as the tombstone, the actual words inscribed on the tombstone
remain in the realm of mythology, as does the true identity of
the individual whose grave site it bequeathed with such legendary
The irony of this mythological epitaph-which is said to be a verbatim
translation of the final words written on the Vice-Admiral's computer
screen when the jackboots laid to the door of his country home
finally gained entry, only to find themselves too late to torture
yet another living creature-the irony is that it was written by
one who, according to a 'parallel,' underground legend ascribed
to the mythological Circle of Eunuchs, was, rather than
the 'Right Hand of the Destroyer' that history records him to
be, actually a tragic figure who, caught up unknowingly in the
great drama played out between the Forces of Light and the Forces
of Darkness, condemned himself to a life of quiet desperation,
restraining himself from acting on the dictates of his conscience
because he felt that to do so would bring great danger to those
whom history would have us believe he was responsible for ravaging
mercilessly, and without conscience.
The great irony is that this lexical obelisk to such ancient concepts
as freedom, justice, and liberty, was written by an individual
who, by condemning himself to a life of separation from those
striving to defend these ideals, did more to protect these concepts
from total obliteration from the face of the earth-if you choose
to believe mythology over history-than those who actively strove
to proclaim them.
The sublime irony of these words is that, despite their self-accusatory
nature, they are an embodiment of the highest standard possible
for any and all who lay claim to being a 'person of conscience'-a
self-decreed standard which, rather than lauding oneself for sacrificing
'much' for the cause of freedom among mankind, instead decries
one's failure to sacrifice 'all' for this noblest of causes.
And the ultimate irony, for those whose cry of lament remains,
"Why didn't somebody 'do' something?", lies in the empty
grave lying next to that purported to be the Vice-Admiral's final
resting place-the grave which, legend has it, is reserved for
the last free man or woman remaining on this planet. The grave
whose headstone is a plain and simple mirror.
Legend has it that, at dusk during the spring equinox, that one
who gazes into the mirror will hear the sound of the Vice-Admiral's
voice echoing through the labyrinth of the communal mind of mankind,
whispering as if it were a gentle breeze rustling softly through
the leaves of the aged willows surrounding the site.
It is a voice tinged with an equal mixture of conscience and remorse.
It is a voice that whispers, quite simply, "Why didn't I do something?"

@_date: 1997-03-18 05:30:19
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Mechanical workings of Enigma 
At ftp://agn- there are
 several photos of an Enigma, and simulators for DOS and Windows.

@_date: 1997-03-18 23:25:13
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 1-2 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle
of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl
My name is Arnold, and I'm as sane as you are, probably
saner. But I'm sitting here listening to Jesus  argue with Jesus
 and you're not, so I'll resist the urge to try to convince
you that I don't belong in Nuthouse Number Nine, Looney Level
It's officially designated as the "Money Market
Psychiatric Auditing Facility". That's what the 'Keyholders'
call it. They are the people who get to go home at night. Half
of them are nuttier than Jesus  but they're towing the line,
preaching the party platform, so they have 'Level Two' classification
and they get special privileges. Like lording it over levels Three
through Eleven.
The Keyholders get crapped on by the rest of the
Fund'ers on the outside and when they come in for work they crap
on us-with interest. They're allowed DDC's, eCa$h Direct Debit
Cards, which they flash around on the inside every chance they
get, acting like they're god-almighty, but on the outside they
crawl around like worms, trying their best to act like 'Ca$hmen',
but getting their comeuppance when it comes time to pay and they
have to show their DDC.
Schultz used to be the biggest asshole among the current staff
of Keyholders, but I got him busted to Level Three last week,
so I'm finally gaining a bit of acceptance from the rest of the
inmates. It's taken a long time.
It's bad enough being sent for treatment in a facility
run by your own government (where you have at least a modicum
of social standing based on the Level you were downgraded from),
but I'm not a citizen of the Money Market Channel, so I don't
have any kind of peerage here.
I'm a Net'er, a citizen of the InterNet Global Village,
so on the outside I'm not subject to the laws of any of the 500
Channel Governments. At the end of Channel War III we got Armistice Agreements from
all 500 Channel Governments recognizing us as an independent Government,
with a one-time right to confer citizenship on the members of
our underground movement. In return, we restored control of the
transmission satellites back to their respective governments and
agreed not to proselytize among the other Channel Governments'
citizens. We also got free-roaming rights to all Transmission stations,
including the Nuclear Laser Moon Unit, in return dismantling our
Hackers Division and putting an article in the InterNet Bill Of
Rights banning computer hacking in any way, shape or form.
I can see you rolling your eyes, smiling smugly at
me. Another guy in Nuthouse Number Nine, claiming sanity, but
ranting and raving about an imaginary war that never really happened.
"Next," you're telling yourself, "he'll be telling
us old-wives tales about the 'Circle of Eunuchs' and claiming
he was actually a member."
I know Channel War III happened. I signed the Armistice
I was the Head Hacker.
The room started to spin, and Jonathan put his hand on the edge
of his desk, to steady himself. He realized that he had stopped
breathing, and he inhaled mightily, causing the room to spin even
more. After a few moments, the room stopped spinning, but Jonathan's
mind continued to remain enmeshed in a conflicting whirl of old
memories and new fears-all engendered by the receipt of a simple
A CyberPost from the past. A hundred years in the past.
A CyberPost which had shown up on his personal GraphiCube this
morning, a century after being sent via an antiquated communications
mode which the Masters of Antiquity called email. A CyberPost
addressed to an anarchist organization that had been outlawed
for over a hundred years-the CypherPunks.
Jonathan had immediately, instinctively, hit the illegal kill-switch
on his ground-connection and booted his Telsa Snarf Barrier.
He had needed time to stop the room-and his mind-from spinning.
But how long had he been sitting here, motionless? GlobeNet Security
would be re-establishing his ground-connection in a matter of
minutes and he would have to have an answer ready for his cutting
of the ground-link to Headquarters.
Jonathan hastily saved the CyberPost to a disposable HydroCube
that he could swallow, if need be. He pulled an Insta-Log chip
of his own making out from under his seat and placed it online,
booting down the Telsa Snarf Barrier at the same time, just as
the GraphiCube launched an overlay of the Day Monitor, Rabin.
Rabin did not look happy.
"Third time this week, Jonathan, what's going on?",
Rabin's frown twitched with impatience. "If I have to put
you on report, I can guarantee that you can kiss your HomeWork
Privileges goodbye."
"I'm still working on that InfoWar Scrambler Mechanism for
GS-7, Rabin." Jonathan thought quickly, knowing that he was
skirting the edge of disaster. "Those damn wanna-be programmers
that you assholes keep hiring to keep your relatives happy don't
know the difference between a Test-Boot and a Transmit-Boot."
Jonathan paused, then added, "I don't need my head on a chopping
block because Headquarters thinks that I'm launching my own Channel
"Then file for Offline Work Authorization." Rabin snapped.
"Every goddamn time I work on this crap they feed me?"
Jonathan snapped right back at him. "I'm not supposed to
need to work off-line on this project. It's supposed to
arrive at my station in Test mode, Rabin, not in Nuke
Headquarters mode. Do you want me to run this shit from your
HomeStation, instead?"
Rabin laughed, for the first time, and glanced down at Jonathan's
Log File once again, confirming that he had killed a transmission
from the InfoWar Scrambler Mechanism.
"OK, Jonathan, I'll kill the report, but try to work on that
stuff during someone else's shift, pal. The brass is running us
ragged on one of their interminable pet projects and we've got
to account for every millisecond of CPU use. They've got a full-court
press on this one, and we're having trouble keeping our GelMem
from overheating."
Jonathan paused for a second, his mind working swiftly, and then
made a giant leap forward toward a destination that was only now
beginning to take shape in his subconscious mind.
"I could get you some spare cycles, Rabin, if you're really
that desperate."
Rabin began to speak, then stopped, obviously wondering what this
generosity on Jonathan's part was going to 'cost' him, in the
long run.
"Look, Rabin," Jonathan continued, filling in the empty
space, "I don't want to lose my HomeWork Privileges, and
I know that you can't keep burying my ground-connection kills,
so I might as well shut down for the day and spend some time at
Headquarters getting this shit straight. That will free up eighteen
GelMem units at GS-7 for you, and you can steal my HomeWork cycles
until the end of your shift."
Rabin looked thoughtfully at Jonathan, decided that Jonathan was
working in his own self-interest and thus would not expect to
extract future concessions for this gratuitous offering, and nodded
"Done." said Jonathan as he shut down his Headquarters
"Besides," he said with a wink, "I need to restock
my liquor cabinet and the Headquarters commissary is a damn-sight
cheaper than what these local-yokels are gouging for a good bottle
of booze around here."
Rabin's face faded from the screen, as Jonathan kicked in Privacy
Mode and fell back into his chair with relief. He realized that
he was shaking slightly, and his thoughts returned to the CyberPost
which was now sitting in the HydroCube at the back of his desk.
Mere mention of the name in public came with a gold-plated guarantee
of a visit from GlobeNet Security. Even when speaking of them
in private conversation, it was advisable to do so only in historically
proper context, referring to them as the villainous instigators
of Channel War II.
Jonathan avoided discussing the CypherPunks, even privately, because
of the mixed emotions of fear, shame, and curiosity that the name
aroused in him.
His grandfather had been a CypherPunk, and had been executed at
the close of Channel War II.
Jonathan had vague memories of late-night visits by strangers
whose spirited discussions were so curiously enlivening that he
would often creep into his grandfather's study to listen, though
he was far too young to understand exactly what it was that they
were discussing.
Then came the sound of jackboots on the door, and his grandfather
handing him down to his father and mother in the cellar. The muffled
shots that rang out as he was carried to the waiting RoboShuttle.
The wetness of his mother's tears falling from her cheeks to his
as she clutched him closely in their flight to obscurity. The
graveled roughness of his father's voice as he prepared his family
for the harsh changes ahead in a life where their heritage and
their history must be hidden from one and all. The CypherPunks had ruined Jonathan's life.
Now, it looked like they might be about to do it again. Somehow,
his past had caught up to him. Someone, somewhere, had targeted
him for exposure as being genetically linked to one of the historical
monsters of Channel War II.
Jonathan threw the HydroCube on the InstaScanner and read the
beginnings of the message header, once again.

@_date: 1997-03-19 05:09:05
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 3-4 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle
of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, Pearl Publishing
Channel Revolution
I've been getting decent treatment around here since
I sandbagged Schultz. It was hell when I was first sent here.
Claiming to be a Net'er won't win you friends among the Channel
Citizens at the best of times, since they have always resented
our freedom from Channel Laws, but being perceived as a nut-case
claiming to be a Net'er puts you at the bottom of the pile even
among your fellow fruit-cakes.
It could be worse. They could have transferred me
to the "Home Shoppers Bargain Psychiatry Warehouse".
That's the worst of the worst. The Shop'ers have the poorest government
on WebWorld. When the citizens of the former world governments
got to choose their citizenship at the end of the Channel Revolution
every deadbeat compulsive spender on the face of the Earth signed
up with the Home Shopper Channel Government.
When the United States and the European Community
Collective had conceded (they were the last of the holdouts),
the Home Shoppers Revolutionary Movement had made a wise move
by declaring Leona Helmsley their first President. The other fledgling
Channel Governments laughed at the Shop'ers, but got a rude awakening
when the computer polls started showing the overwhelming numbers
of people electing to cast their lot with the Shop'ers.
The Shop'ers ran ads showing Leona purchasing magnificent
jewelry and other high-priced items from the Home Shopping Channel
and the masses rushed to join the bandwagon. Some of the slightly
more discriminating people became citizens of the Consumer Channel,
but they were few and far between. When the dust cleared, over a half a billion people found themselves
citizens of a Shop'ers government that consisted of compulsive
spending deadbeats, former Third-World citizens without a dime
in their pockets (but with big dreams of buying all the trinkets
in the flashy political ads), and 'credit card fraud' gypsies
aiming to grab the goodies and split.
The Revisionist Channel Government did surprisingly
well. They weren't given much of a chance in the original polls,
being branded as basically just a 'Holocaust Denial' fringe group,
but they, too, adapted quickly to the changing dynamics in the
newly declared WebWorld.
Henry Kissinger III was one of the few who foresaw
the potential of the Revisionists to do well in the new scheme
of things. He had grown up at the feet of his grandfather, one
of the great world leaders in the BC (Before Channel) years, listening
to the tales of how the Nazi regime came to power by preying on
the vanity of the pseudo-intelligentsia and the disenchantment
of the masses.
The Revisionist Channel Government moved quickly
to expand the narrow base of their appeal. In the former United
States of America they appealed to whites by running political
ads debunking the 'myth of slavery' as a plot to coerce whites
into a 'guilt' complex that could be used against them. In the
black areas they debunked the 'myth of slavery', convincing the
uneducated into believing that blacks had originally ruled America
and that when whites gained control of the government they rewrote
history to keep black people from regaining their superior stature.
In Japan, they revised 'history' to give the Japanese superiority
over the Chinese-in China, the same story in reverse. England-Ireland,
Iraq-Iran, everyone was played one against the other and the slow-of-wit
all rushed absurdly to become citizens of a government who claimed
each of the citizens was superior to the other.
The original fears of the other Channel Governments quickly changed
to relief when it became apparent that the Revisionist citizens
would be too busy fighting internal battles to cause any problems
for the other CG's.
When the smoke finally cleared at the end of the
Channel Revolution, the Money Channel Government ended up with
the fewest citizens and the largest amount of goodies. They were
one of the few Channels to actually restrict citizenship. While
most of the Channel Revolutionary parties lobbied hard for big
numbers, the Money Channel lobbied discretely for the movers and
the shakers; people who had plenty of cash and assets, and who
knew how to use them.
The CC's (Ca$h Cows), as they were known back then,
had the foresight to gain control of the InterNet, a seemingly
insignificant entity at the time. It had, at one time in history,
been the rage, but it faded into the background after its proverbial
fifteen-minutes of fame and glory. Only the movers and the shakers
realized the true history and importance of the InterNet.
In the decades preceding the Channel Revolution,
the First Great TV Era had come and gone, being replaced by the
Computer Era.
Computers were the wave of the future. Computers ruled! Computers
eventually were linked world-wide by the newest world-darling,
the InterNet, under the auspices of the World Wide Web, which
was crowned King and then inexplicably disappeared into an ever-present
but lightly regarded fog of everyday banality after the advent
of WebTV. WebTV once again made Television King, exploding to 500 Channels
and ushering in the Second Great WebTV Era and the Channel Revolution,
which led, in turn, to the Great Channel War, later known as Channel
War I. There were rumors everywhere, in those days, of Gomez
and the Dark Allies, backed by the Ca$h Cows of the Money Channel,
striving for control of the airwaves, for control of 'broadcast
reality'...and for control of the minds of mankind. Then, for
no apparent reason, the rumors abruptly stopped 'cold'. This made
the few remaining people who were still capable of independent,
rational thought processes, even more nervous than the rumors
had made them in the first place.
At the close of Channel War I, the leaders among
the winning factions directed the fear and hate of the masses
towards the InterNet, thus gaining support for wide-ranging laws
supported by all Channel Governments which placed serious restrictions
on the InterNet, along with corresponding WebWorld Security checks
and balances on the its management and the power of the Net'ers..
The Money Channel Government, which by that time
held three channels under its control, railed as hard as anyone
against the threat of the InterNet but their overly obtuse professions
of indignation were viewed with suspicion by the other CG's. To
lessen the threat of MCG control of the InterNet, the other Channel
Governments, in return for begrudgingly conceding the Money Channel
Government's right to control three channels, demanded that ownership
and control of the InterNet be turned over to the CypherPunk Channel
Government, a spin-off of the 'Wired' Channel which had become
one of the early casualties in Channel War I. The basic premise behind their demand was that the
InterNet, which still filled an essential need, would not be as
threatening in the hands of a bunch of fun-loving, loosely organized
misfits as it would be in the hands of the movers and shakers.
No one seemed to notice how easily the CC's gave in to their demands.
(And the 'Ca$h Cows' didn't seem to notice the overly obtuse professions
of indifference with which the CypherPunks accepted the mantle
of control over the InterNet.)
The Money Channel Government, which now included the Money Market
Channel and the Zero-Tax Channel, had secretly backed the CypherPunks
in Channel War I during their internal battle with the 'Wired'
Channel Government's established honchos. 'Wired', a leading-edge
computer magazine during the height of the Computer Era, had parlayed
their fifteen-minutes of fame into a major-league enterprise commanding
their own TV Channel, and became one of the key players in the
Channel Revolutionary War.
The Ca$h Cows, having learned from history the formidable
power of counter-revolutionary movements, had the incredibly astute
intelligence to realize the value of empowering (and at the same
time controlling by proxy) the seemingly disenchanted CyberMisfits
at the core of the 'Wired' Channel Government's power base. After
biding their time, the CC's manipulated the CypherPunks into taking
the blame for launching the opening salvo of Channel War II.
The CypherPunks, being well-grounded in the Tao and incredibly
astute students of Tai-Chi and the Tarot, realized the incredible
power of playing the Fool, and they allowed themselves to totally
go-with-the-flow of the Money Channel Governments 'deceptive'
I can see you rolling your eyes again, smiling smugly.
"Right," you're saying, "and now this looney-tune
is going to tell us that he was one of the legendary CypherPunks."
I know the CypherPunks started Channel War II. I
instigated the Battle of Channel 49-and I made sure we lost.
I wasn't just a CypherPunk...I was the Fool.
Alexis brushed the tiny, woolen balls of lint from the hair at
base of the old man's neck. They fell slowly to the floor, doing
a swirling-dervish type of dance as they were caught between gravity
and the upward pull of the ceiling fan twirling lazily above their
table at the back of the bar.
The fan didn't help much. Her thin, cashmere blouse, soaking up
the sweat from her nubile young body, clung to the gently flowing
curves of her breasts, and she knew that every man in the bar
was fully conscious of when she was taking shallow breaths, and
when she was breathing deeply. They were following the rise and fall of her breasts like a shore-leave
sailor, sitting on the beach and watching his ship, his beloved,
rocking gently in the waves, as if beckoning him to come to her
and share her gentle rhythms on a journey beyond this place, towards
a fate that lies just beyond a horizon that they will never quite
They were equally conscious of Bubba, half-asleep, leaning his
head ever so lightly on her shoulder, and slightly below her shoulder,
on the lower part of her collar-bone, so very close to her tender
young breasts, but never quite touching them.
She knew it was driving them crazy.
The young man, Jonathan, who was sitting at their table, was positively
a wreck. He had said nothing in the fifteen minutes he had been
sitting, waiting for Bubba, though he had 'almost' begun to speak
several times, then stopped.
Alexis knew that it was because, try as he might, he couldn't
think of a sentence that didn't have the word 'breasts' in it.
Finally, he managed to say,
"It's certainly very hot, today. Is Bubba your grandfather?
The humidity certainly makes one's clothes...", his own reference
forced him, involuntarily, to look down to stare at her breasts,
as he added, weakly, the word, "...cling." "To my breasts, you mean?", Alexis replied casually
with a slight air of interest, rather than offense, in her tone.
"Oh, no!", the young man almost cried out, "I mean...I
mean, I'm sorry, I'm...I'm..."
"Stuttering, I believe, is the word you're looking for.",
Alexis said with a small, friendly laugh.
"Yes...stuttering.", Jonathan returned her cue rather
honestly, she thought, for someone who appeared to be more inclined
to bolt for the door than to engage in humorous conversation regarding
his obviously extreme embarrassment over the situation in which
he currently found himself .
But he wouldn't...leave, that is. He was one of them,
a Net'er, or a computer programmer of some sort, no matter which
Channel he was a citizen of. And he needed to see Bubba-he needed
to-no matter what he had to go through to do so, because the alternative,
not seeing and talking to him, was unimaginable.
"You know, you people only come here when you discover
that there's nowhere else for you to turn.", Alexis said
abruptly, with a hint of harshness in her voice.
"Excuse me?", the youth replied.
"You know perfectly well, what I'm talking about."
she said with an air of consternation.
"On the streets, your type make fun of him, you have for
years, and years. You call him a crazy, drunken old fool. You
think he's a joke." Her voice was rising steadily.
"When it starts happening, when you see things-strange things,
troubling things-then you come running to him and want him to
explain things, to make it all right, or make it go away, because
you don't want to see these things, you don't
want to know what's going on around you, and you can't
bear to live for only a few days, or a few weeks, with
what he's had to live with for years."
Alexis was standing, now, having lowered Bubba's head to rest
on the table as he dozed on. She was right in front of the sitting
Jonathan, her ample breasts hovering inches from his now-dismal
face, though his body was more desirous than ever of having her.
She sat quickly down on his lap and put her fingers through the
opening between the first and second buttons of his shirt. She
stroked his chest slightly, as she continued,
"If you want to speak to Bubba, then you have to answer the
questions I am about to ask you, and do so absolutely truthfully."
Jonathan could only nod-yes. Speaking was beyond him, as he found
his body becoming tense beyond belief.
"You asked if Bubba was my grandfather, but you really want
to know if I'm fucking the old geezer-if all those stories about
him are true. Right?"
"Yes." Jonathan was looking at the ceiling, and self-consciously
trying not to move his body in the slightest.
"And you're here because strange things have been happening,
strange thoughts have been troubling you, making you afraid."
She reached her right hand around to his back, stroking it in
what might be considered a 'motherly' way, except that her breasts
were only fractions of an inch from his chest and directly in
his line of sight, and her breath was hot upon his cheek as she
began to whisper in his ear,
"You've lived quietly, for years, in a nice, sterile world
of numbers, and data, and pure mathematics where everything is
programmed and controlled, stable and docile, and now you have
fears and other feelings and they're putting you
in a quandary, because numbers and programs don't care
how you feel, and they don't feel 'back'."
Jonathan just sat silently, with no reply possible to someone
who talked as if she had been reading his mail-watching his life
more carefully and clearly than he had been doing himself.
"And now you're running to Bubba for help, to find out if
the myth of the 'Circle' is true, if there is someone,
somewhere, who can make it better, or make it go away, because
during all the time that he spent putting himself on the line,
trying to convince people like yourself that the danger was real,
you merely wanted to take the easy way, to just be
left alone to be swept along with the great tide of humanity around
Jonathan was wishing, with all his might, that Alexis would stop,
but she continued,
"Your programs and your machines are doing things that you
didn't design them to do, things that you didn't program them
for-weird things, evil things, and there's nothing you can do
to stop them, right?"
Jonathan was starting to sweat quite a bit, himself, now. Some
of it was from the heat, some from remembering the 'night terrors'
of late, and some of it seemed to be rising up, steaming, from
his loins.
"Yes, all of that, and more."
Alexis was now sitting on his lap, facing him directly, her two
hands on his hips on either side of him. The few, scattered patrons
of the bar were having problems with their own loins as they watched
the display she was putting on for their benefit, leaning close
to whisper in his ear,
"I'm only thirteen years old...", she could feel
him almost audibly groan as she ran her hands lightly over his
buttocks, "but when you get back home, and you're still hard,
you're going to be thinking of me while you 'do'
yourself, you sick pervert."
"Actually, I don't think I'll make it that far,"
Jonathan replied in halted breaths, "but I'm hoping to make
it as least as far as the next alley."
Alexis leapt off of his lap, slapping him lightly on the shoulder,
"Shame on you, talking like that to a thirteen year-old."
She laughed in amusement, and he laughed in relief at having been
saved the embarrassment of 'messing' himself in the bar, a public
place, and he was happy to sit and sip his beer for a time, dreading
any further conversation.
Finally, she spoke, once again.
"You might as well go home, now. There's nothing for you
"All the dangers that Bubba spoke about are true,
I think you know that, now. But the Circle of Eunuchs is just
a myth, there's nobody doing anything about it. Nobody can
do anything about it. It's only a matter of time, now."
Alexis's face took on a sad, forlorn look, and she returned once
again to brushing off the small balls of wool from the nape of
his hairy neck, leaning down to kiss Bubba lightly on the cheek,
with genuine love, ignoring Jonathan, once again.
After a few moments, he rose somberly and made his way to the
door. He knew that he, too, would be sad and forlorn tonight.
But he also knew that she was right-he would be thinking
of her tonight while he was 'doing' himself.
He smiled, in spite of himself.
Chapter 3 - Channel Revolution / Chapter 4 - Alexis

@_date: 1997-03-20 01:52:45
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 5-6 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Unitary Oath
The 'Keyholders' are assholes, and Schultz is King
of the Assholes. My first day here he made a point of ridiculing
me in front of the other inmates, making sure they all knew I
was a 'Net'er Nut', thus ensuring my place as the dregs of the
Even the craziest of the inmates 'know' that I can't
really be a Net'er. The InterNet Government doesn't have a nuthouse,
and they certainly wouldn't allow one of their own to suffer the
denigration of being interred in another Government's nuthouse.
It just isn't done.
I don't know how many years it might take for my
writings to be discovered, if ever, so perhaps I should explain
the way things work in the year 149 AC (After Cable).
The world is no longer divided geographically, as
it was during my youth. It's divided by Channels. Each of us is
a citizen of one of the Channel Governments, regardless of the
location of our own particular physical existence.
Many of the younger people probably have no way of understanding
the depth of change since the BC era, having grown up in WebWorld
and never knowing anything different. And by the time this humble
attempt at recording the history of my time is read the world
may have changed again, to a form and structure of society that
I cannot at this time comprehend.
During the time of my youth I read and studied history
in terms of philosophers named Plato, Socrates, McLuhan and Chaum.
They were, although some were alleged to have lived a hundred,
or hundreds, of years before my own birth, considered to be historically
'real' and not just myths. They lived in eras described as many
years BC (which in my time meant not, Before Channel, but Before
Christ). Christ was another historical figure, but one who was
less recognized as being historically 'real' as opposed to being
a 'mythical' figure.
Actually, at the time of my youth it was socially unacceptable
to deny the real existence of Jesus and his place in history,
but by the time I had reached middle-age it was socially acceptable
to debate his existence as historically 'real' or as a 'mythical
archetype' who had never actually physically existed. Even later,
it became socially unacceptable for one to express any belief
in there mere possibility of his having ever been anything but
a mythical figure.
But I'm getting away from my point.
Perhaps I am explaining this badly but, although
you may find this hard to believe, during my youth TV was not
considered to be 'Real', as it is today. No, seriously. We had
different Channels, but they all espoused basically the same views,
and TV was considered 'entertainment', not as a "reflection
of Reality" as we currently know it today.
I can see you rolling your eyes again. "Sure,"
you're saying, "you're sane and 'we' are the ones who are
crazy. Yes, you are in Nuthouse Number Nine because of a Global
Conspiracy-not because you're a fucking 'yo-yo'."
I know how I must sound to you, but everything I
say is true, I swear it on the Sacred Grave of Jim Baker, the
Patron Saint of the Divine Tithe Spiritual Channel.
Even today, serious students of history confirm the
Before Cable era as a time when my generation truly believed in
and followed the dictates of societies and governments based on
geographical, racial and religious paradigms. The history books refer to the people of this age as 'savages'
who were ignorant of the Reality of the Divine Illumination that
began to germinate in the First Great TV Era, and which began
to blossom in the Second. They speak of the ignorant resistance
of the 'Book Learners' who clung stubbornly to their outdated
ways, struggling savagely against the birth of the New Reality,
clinging to geographical cliques, and resisting the group mindset
of the Channel that evolution itself was spurring them towards.
But I was there-at the receding of the old era and
the dawn of the new. And I tell you unequivocally that we were
as intellectually certain and sure of our beliefs, our governments,
our cultures, our religions, our societies and our 'reality' as
I am sure that you are today of whatever societal or government
system that reigns during your lifetime.
I was born shortly after the Genesis of TeleVision.
We were told, and honestly believed, that it was an 'invention',
something 'created' by man, and not the other way around.
We still revered 'Gods' like Jehovah, Jesus, Mohammed, Buddha
and Krishna. To deny the Unitary Oath that "TV Is Real"
was not even considered blasphemous during that era. As a matter
of fact, at that point in time the Unitary Oath was considered
ridiculous and those professing it were deemed hardly worthy of
scorn, much less punishment.
We had Satan, the Devil, who was considered the opponent of God,
or Jehovah. The Evil One and Gomez, as well as Cron and the rest
of the Dark Allies, were considered fairy tales that were made
up by the beguiled to frighten the witless.
Yes, yes, I know. You think me a blathering old fool
who belongs in a Museum of Antiquity, next to the automobiles
which mythology tells us were powered by the decaying remains
of great mystical beasts called 'dinosaurs'.
But I was there. I was there during the time of the Great Change,
when The First Great TV Era gave way to the Computer Era, which
itself rapidly succumbed to the Second Great Age of WebTV.
I was there. I saw it all, I remember it all, and
I am not 'mad'. I am not...I am not...I am not.
Bubba awoke from his 'nap' the minute that the young man was gone.
"Well, you certainly seemed to take more of a shine to this
Jonathan fellow than to most of the other young men who come around."
"No," Alexis responded casually, "it's just that
he wore his pants so low that I had a lot of trouble getting his
wallet." She handed it to Bubba under the table and he slipped
it into an inner pocket of his robe.
"Besides, I think I'm in love with the Cowboy."
"Oh,?", Bubba feigned surprise, "Are you telling
me that my closest and dearest friend is also my main rival in
my pursuit of your affections?"
"Bubba, you know that I'm 'too much woman' for just one man.",
Alexis giggled like a schoolgirl (which, in fact, she was, when
not hanging out in bars with lecherous old men long-rumored to
lean towards pedophilia).
Bubba smiled at her youthful bravado in proclaiming herself to
be a 'woman of the world'-which reminded him,
"And when did you turn thirteen? Did I miss the 'big day'
of your entry into 'teenage-hood', or whatever it's called?"
"Oh, I'm not thirteen for another three weeks yet. I just
thought that I'd better practice a little, beforehand, so that
I can be good at being a teenager."
Alexis sat for a few moments, lost in contemplation of her new
love, before continuing,
"Cowboy is always staring at my eyes; he makes my eyes feel
beautiful. I don't think he's even noticed that I have
breasts.", she said, pouting just the slightest little bit.
"If he hasn't noticed," Bubba replied, looking
the young lady up and down with his best, lecherous grin, "then
I think he could be declared legally blind." Bubba didn't have to look up to know that Alexis's mother had
"I saw the way that you were looking at my daughter! Keep
your damn hands in your pockets, if you know what's good for you."
"Not to worry, Priscilla," Bubba told her as she bent
to give him a kiss on the cheek, "it seems that she yearns
for another, that my quest for her affections has come to naught."
"And who is the lucky boy?", Priscilla teased her daughter.
Alexis and Bubba answered in unison, saying,
"The Cow-boy."
"Lordy, lordy." Priscilla raised her eyes to the sky,
in apology. "What kind of mother am I, raising my daughter
around the likes of you two 'rounders'?"
"She's worried that the Cowboy hasn't noticed that she has
breasts," Bubba volunteered, making it sound like
a matter of great import.
"Lordy, girl. If he hasn't, then we'd better check
him for a pulse, because your boobs were bigger than mine when
you were turning eleven, girlie. And he sure enough has
been trying to get his hands on mine."
"They're breasts, mother, not 'boobs'." Alexis
always got perturbed with her mother's lack of social etiquette
in Bubba's presence."
"Well, excuse me, young lady. Just take my word for
it that he has noticed your breasts. Trust me on
this, I have a hunch about it."
"Well," Alexis said, looking back in remembrance, "I
guess maybe you're right." She paused for dramatic effect,
as any mature 'woman of the world' would do when recounting the
brighter moments of her 'love life.'
"After all, on my eleventh birthday, he did pinch
me on the buttocks and say, 'Oh, to be thirty-five, again.'"
"Lawdy, lawdy, Miss Clawdy." Priscilla swore (an epitaph
passed down through the Masters of Antiquity), "When I die,
I'm going to go straight down to the abode of the Evil One, for
the company that I let you keep."
"Actually," Bubba broke in, changing the subject slightly,
"she did kind of take a shine to a younger fellow who dropped
in to visit a short while ago."
Bubba slipped Priscilla the wallet from beneath his robe. She
nodded, and placed it in her purse.
"Well, I certainly hope that my darling Alexis didn't tease
the poor boy too much. Honestly, I think she enjoys
flaunting her body in front of these men to distract them. She's
been a regular Lolita, lately."
Alexis just smiled like a Cheshire cat. She did, indeed, still
enjoy toying with that 'special power' she found out that she
had-the power to make both boys and grown men stutter and drool
on themselves in their efforts to please and impress her. After
all, if you 'have it', then you might as well put it to use for
a good purpose.
"I'll see that someone goes by tonight to return the young
man's wallet and have a chat with him." Priscilla told Bubba
in a quiet voice.
"You might go see him yourself, mother." Alexis couldn't
resist saying. "He's kind of cute, and I've already got him
warmed up for you."
"Honestly, girl. You'd think I was a strumpet, just doing
this to take advantage of the young men that come through here
to meet Bubba."
"Well...?" Alexis grinned at her mother.
"Well, what?", Priscilla said, knowing she was
"Well, what about that nice young man, Benjamin that you
enlisted last week? I seem to remember the sun being up well before
you came home the next morning.", Alexis grinned wickedly,
knowing her mother had no escape from the facts, as established.
"Well...Well, never mind. End of story." Alexis, relishing her mother's embarrassment, merely sat silently,
grinning like the Cheshire cat. Bubba, however, thought now was
a good time to bring up a delicate matter that would sooner or
later need to be addressed. He began lightly enough.
"It seems to me, Priscilla, that if you are helping to enlighten
the younger generation to the benefits of maturity in choosing
a lover, that you could hardly complain, should Cowboy choose
to do the same."
Priscilla was not in the least nonplused by Bubba's attempt to
corner her with questionable logic.
"Bubba, I limit myself to moving downward just a single generation
for my sexual pleasures, though I'm sure that you find that concept
a bit hard to understand. Besides, I've taught Alexis that she
should breed only within her species, which puts you out
of the picture, and outside of my circle of suitors, which puts
the Cowboy out of the picture."
Bubba was grateful that she had given him precisely the kind of
opening he needed to pursue the point he was really angling to
"I believe what may be more pertinent than the 'picture'
that the Cowboy may be 'in' or 'out of', is the puzzling picture
I believe he is 'seeing' when he gazes upon your beautiful young
daughter, my dear lady."
"Bubba! Surely you don't mean...", but Priscilla
knew that was precisely what Bubba meant.
"Your lovely pre-pubescent offspring is enamored of the fact
that, despite her strikingly healthy physical endowments, the
Cowboy seems to look only into her eyes, with great appreciation
"I would suggest, however, that his gaze is encompassing
a range much deeper than Alexis could possibly imagine, and that
what he sees there leaves him dazed and confused.
"When was the last time you are aware of the Cowboy becoming
'dazed and confused' as a result of reading one's inner aura?"
Priscilla merely sat, dumbfounded, staring first and Bubba, and
then at Alexis.
Chapter 5 - Unitary Oath / Chapter 6 - Breasts

@_date: 1997-03-20 06:27:58
@_author: Bubba 
@_subject: WebWorld 7-8 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Nuthouse Number Nine is for the hard-core psychiatric
inmates. Looney Level 'Leven is for the terminally dangerous.
No one is released at this Level. No one gets out.
There is no 'insanity' as we knew it in the old days.
Back then, if you stepped off the beaten path, then you were considered
'weird'. If you stepped further off the well-traveled societal
by-ways, then you were considered 'disturbed'. If you went totally
out into hyberspace, however, then you were considered 'insane'.
But when TV came along, things began to change.
Nobody realized it at first, but there were signs. Marshal McLuhan
spotted it right away and wrote "The Medium Is The Message".
He was politely received during his own time and garnered a modicum
of acclaim, but no one really understood the depth of what he
was trying to explain.
Then it began happening.
A man, Charles Whitman, climbed to the top of a building
on the University of Texas campus, started blowing people away
with a high-powered rifle, and our new 'medium' carried it to
the world. TV was the 'medium'. An interesting new medium. 'Entertainment'...that's
what we called it.
Then another man decided to mimic good old Charlie. Then another...and
another. And 'nuts with guns' became a fad, with these events
beginning to happen on a regular basis. 'Nuts with guns' had their
fifteen minutes of fame, then quietly disappeared, and the fad
was seemingly over. But it had begun.
Zappa tried to warn us about TeleVision. "Watch
me and I'll bleed you, 'cause you eat the shit I feed you."
The 'flower children' of the sixties listened to him and applauded,
but they never really understood the true extent of the danger
he was espousing.
It kept happening-each time at a deeper level-with more
and more regularity. Bank robbers began learning the truly effective
techniques of their trade by watching the evening news for the
stories of the guys who got away. Prison inmates took notes during
fictional 'escape' movies and turned fiction to fact by mirroring
the movie-and it worked! TV, even with only a few paltry channels, still managed
to work its way into our life to such a great extent that it became
an extension of our reality, and eventually our reality became
an extension of TV. And then, slowly, TV began to 'become' our
And in the end, when we still had a chance-a slim
chance, but nevertheless a chance-WebTV exploded to 500 Channels
through the 'wonder of modern technology'and... we were doomed.
Jonathan's mind was once again a confusing swirl of mixed-emotions
and troublesome thoughts. He was torn between the hard reality
of WebWorld, with its rigidly structured programming, and the
phantoms from his past, which brought back harsh memories, but
also brought remembrances of a time when everything seemed to
be happier, lighter, with an underlying current that suggested
the possibility of being...free.
Freedom. Jonathan shook his head slowly, not daring to believe
that his instincts were truly telling him that his world-view
had become so constricted and rigid that he had lost sight of
what the word really implied.
Jonathan let himself sink into his childhood memories, the shadows
surrounding him in his dimly lit room becoming an almost palpable
likeness of the figures from his past.
CypherPunks, Hackers, Phrackers and Phreaks. Mad Doctors and Freedom-Knights,
Mad Dogs and Englishmen.
Strains of a historical music figure, Joe Cocker, seemed to drift
across the room, carried on the wisps of light, blue smoke whose
pleasant aroma floated into the room from a point in time and
space which was miles away and long in the past.
Jonathan opened his eyes, looking once again at the ancient poster
from a festival called Woodstock, seeing the additions his grandfather
had improvised on it, which could only be seen in the flickering
rays of the blue-light which Jonathan had resurrected from parts
found at the Museum of Antiquities.
Jonathan could name them all: Country Joe McDonald, Joe Cocker,
Jimi Hendrix, Richie Havens, and a multitude of others. All of
them sporting, due to his grandfather's humorous addition to the
He let out a loud roar of laughter, realizing that he had, at
one time, had this same poster hanging in his cubicle at headquarters,
not realizing until he had put together the blue-light mechanism,
that each and every figure on it proudly sported on their arms
an emblem that could have resulted in Jonathan's persecution,
and possibly even his death-the Mark of the Toad.
Jonathan laughed until the tears rolled down his cheeks, until
his ribs were racked with sharp pain. As he struggled to regain
his composure, he realized what his laughter and pain signaled,
and he began to slowly weep, his tears falling on his body, just
as his mother's tears had fallen on him so very long ago.
His tears became a river, carrying him back toward the point in
his youth where his mother's tears had signaled their flight away
from their past, away from the CypherPunks, and toward freedom.
He rode the river of tears once again, only this time the journey
was toward the CypherPunks, and toward freedom.
Jonathan thought of the legend of the headstone on the grave beside
that of Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux's, the grave said to be reserved
for the last free man or woman remaining on the planet. He slowly
rose and looked in the full-length mirror on the wall beside him,
seeing himself, his present, his past, and flickering shadows
of his future.
He thought about the many years which he had spent closing himself
off from others, making certain that his tainted past remained
hidden in obscurity. Avoiding close emotional relationships, avoiding
physical intimacy. Avoiding situations in which he would be expected
to display his body to others.
Jonathan slowly removed his sweatshirt, pulling it over his head
and discarding it on the seat beside him. He stared in the mirror
at the symbol on his arm which he had even avoided looking at
himself for all these many lonely years. He stared at his left
arm and the tattoo upon it. A symbol which had caused him to live
his whole life in fear of discovery-the Mark of the Toad.
He thought about a poem which he had memorized that had been posted
to the CypherPunks list by a 10 year old child during the great
schism which had threatened to destroy the list, in a fight over
censorship concerns that blazed brightly when one of the founders
of the list decided to take it upon himself to 'purge' the list
of a troublesome subscriber and 'moderate' the postings that other
list members would receive.
Jonathan's grandfather had laughed uproariously when the post
was relegated to the 'flames' list that had been instituted, at
the thought that the mighty CypherPunks needed to be protected
from the words of a child.
Jonathan's lips moved lightly over the words, as a smile
spread across his face,
"You're CypherPunks,
"Don't bend over for the lamers.
"Don't whine and cry,
"Just keep on being flamers.
"Bitch and shout,
"Don't worry about the schisms.
"And don't let the Fascists take
"Your algorithms.
"Lamers come and go,
"So don't worry about their junk.
"Anarchists have  keys,
"They're Immortal CypherPunks."
The memory and the words brought Jonathan back to the present.
Anarchy. How long had it been since he had allowed himself to
repress all memory of the loud and boisterous rants and raves
on this subject during the late nights of CypherPunk revelry in
his grandfather's study? How long since he had allowed himself
to clearly see that it was not the CypherPunks who had ruined
his life, but the Dark Forces spreading throughout the land who
had decreed that those who espoused principles of privacy and
freedom were enemies of the people.
Jonathan drew himself up as he gazed in the mirror again, the
shadows of the past receding and leaving him standing alone, as
if he was, indeed, the last free man on the face of the earth.
He knew that he was no longer at any point in time or space, but
was standing at the nadir point in which legend meets reality,
where each man or woman walks alone and face only themselves as
the final judge of the meaning of their life and actions.
In that instant, Jonathan realized that the legend was wrong,
because he heard the echo of the Vice-Admiral's voice whispering
gently through the labyrinth of the communal mind of mankind,
and the voice was saying,
"Do something."
There was a knock on the door...
Chapter 7 - Insanity / Chapter 8 - Freedom

@_date: 1997-03-21 08:40:15
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 9 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
It was the Fundamentalist Christian Channel that
made the first break from the pack. They were considered a fanatical
segment of society, but they made enough waves that it started
a chain reaction. They demanded total loyalty of their viewers
and shamed them into a tunnel-vision mentality that decreed that
watching the other channels labeled them as egoistic God-usurpers
and abortionist-murderers.
The Women's Network Channel retaliated by encouraging
their viewers to close ranks and boycott all of the religious
channels and then the Christian Men's Prayer-Group Channel forbade
their subscribers to allow any of the female-dominated channels
into their homes.
The Women's Network Channel used this situation to organize twelve
of the seventeen female-oriented channels into a coalition that
launched their own relay-satellite, refusing access not only to
male-oriented channels, but also to transmissions originating
from any country they designated as culturally restrictive to
The quantum-leap towards disaster came when governments
got involved and tried to use the newly discovered power of the
airwaves as a political tool. The Trade Wars had started around this time, based
on the geographical national boundaries of the time, with the
Big-Stick threats of punitive action (against other geographical
areas) consisting mostly of import restrictions and trade embargoes,
and with the World Monetary Fund acting as the umpire and trying
to call the plays in favor of the fat cats behind the scenes.
Then some "thirty-five grand a year desk jockey" in
Washington, DC (the Capital of a major geographical alliance known
as the United States of America, or USA) decided that, given the
current levels of emotion being generated by the Channel battles,
he could tip the tides of an ongoing cattle-embargo dispute with
their Canadian neighbors to the North by adding the threat of
channel restrictions to his bag of tricks.
Canada had, for years, a Canadian Content law aimed
at preventing their culture from being swallowed alive by their
much larger (numerically) southern neighbors, the USA. The Washington
'desk jockey' used this law to justify adding channel-restriction
threats to the cattle-embargo trade battle and the shit hit the
The Canadians, faced with loss of the North American Weather Channel
(thus threatening the success of their bountiful farming industry),
banned the USA's Country Music Channel from their airwaves. Canadian
wheat farmers and cattle ranchers, united in their stance against
the cattle-embargo, fell into dispute over losing their beloved
country music. Outlaw cable companies sprung up overnight, supplying
the contraband CMC programming to this newly created assemblage
of 'video subversives'.
The Canadian government then created a paramilitary organization
aimed at cracking down on the outlaw programmers. The USA countered
their move by smuggling illegal satellite dishes into Canada via
an airline company operated as a covert front for their National
Security Agency.
The Hard Rock Channel, a minor subsidiary of the
Hard Rock Cafe Corporation, seized the opportunity to add their
Receptor Codes to the outlaw dishes, causing a further split between
the Canadian factions (the rockers vs. the shit-kickers), and
alienating the Canadian Women's Network because of the lyrics
of a Mental-Metal outlaw named Fyodor Yarochkin which they deemed
'sexually demeaning towards women'.
The Canadian Women's Network formed an alliance with
the US Women's Channel Coalition and used their satellite to jam
Canadian transmissions of the Northern Nookie Channel, the most
popular world-wide broadcast in the joint history of the CBCC
(the Canadian/British Channel Collective). The British took offense
to losing their 'Nookie' and blasted the Women's Coalition Satellite
out of the sky, officially denying it, and blaming it on the IRA
(the Irish Republican Army). The IRA retaliated by blowing up the Muslim Fanatic
Channel's main transmission station, blaming it on Israel (at
the same time convincing Israel that the Les Nessman Hog Futures
Channel was the real culprit, and was hoping, in the resulting
confusion, to reintroduce pork products to the Middle East). The IRA protagonists of this operation woke up from their drunken
stupor the next morning, remembering little or nothing of the
previous day's activities, and were mystified as to why nations
around the world were suddenly at each other's throats like rabid
Actually, the preceding is what used to be known
as historical 'faction', a cross between fact and fiction, way
back in time when there was actually a difference between the
The details of my description of these events may
be far from the truth-it was a long time ago and there was too
much international subterfuge to tell what was really going on-but
my point is this:
With the advent of the 500 Channel DarkFibre Cable System (an
antiquity compared to today's technology), the expanding sphere
of global inter-communication made a sudden and drastic alchemical
change into Information Overload and society fractured at the
seams, splitting into narrow factions grouped around increasingly
smaller orbits of manageable Information/Reality.
The geographically-oriented world leaders of the time totally
misread the true state of affairs and they actually gloried in
the events that would quickly lead to their demise. Shortly before the advent of the 500 Channels, the
United States, rallying other nations together with a cry for
a "New World Order", had watched ecstatically as the
new Fascism, Corporate Power, spread throughout the world, crossing
national and cultural boundaries. Pepsi in Moscow, Burger Kings
in Romania. Then, suddenly and for no discernible reason, the
Corporate capitalists' main nemesis, Communist Russia, turned
over like a busted flush, offering hope of a new social structure
based on 'franchise territories fueled by capital gains'.
The Corporations had squeezed out the multitude of
'little guys' by using advertising, TV ads and a stranglehold
monopoly on InfoMercials, in order to lure consumers into an ever-narrowing
'name-brand' collective mindset, never suspecting that they were
sowing the seeds of their own destruction. When the 500 Channels made their debut, being hailed
as a progressive breakthrough in 'information access', it blew
fuses in the brain matter of people around the world and the Channel
Giants quickly seized the opportunity to convert the populace's
'name-brand' communal mindset into 'channel community' mindset.
Taking a cue from the Oil Cartels of the previous decades, the
500 Channels organized together to collectively set severe limits
on total advertising time and charged exorbitant rates for the
few available slots. They effectively took over the InfoMercials
market themselves, practically overnight. The real secret behind their success, however, came
from their control of 'Digital Commerce', having had the foresight
to fully develop secure digital monetary transaction mechanisms
from the safe harbors of small Caribbean islands while those still
stuck in a geographically-oriented mentality continued to squabble
over 'standards' and territorial concerns. Thus, while digital
commerce was theoretically available to all, only the 500 WebTV
Channels actually had the technology to support large-scale digital
eCa$h transfers for the public-at-large.
The Corporations screamed bloody murder and lobbied
for new anti-trust laws aimed at breaking open the Channel monopoly.
The world's politicians, however, were busy currying the favor
of this powerful new organization, realizing the advantages to
be gained by being the first to jump on the 500 Channel bandwagon.
By the time of the 500 Channels' jointly-announced
declaration of the 'Channel Revolution', the Corporations had
already been heavily drained of their assets and the geographically-oriented
world governments discovered, much to their dismay, that 'National
Pride' had lost serious ground to 'Channel Loyalty'. The 500 Channels
had, de facto, already carved up the populace into 500 variously
sized slices of 'consumer pie'.
The world's politicians then compounded the seriousness
of their situation by listening to the advice of the hard-core
military leaders who recommended striking at the heart of the
500 Channel system. They knocked out the Game Show Channel satellites
and destroyed the Soap Opera Channel Coalition's transmission
This was a big, big mistake.
The Industrial-Military Complex was fully prepared
for the masses of screaming citizens that stormed government offices
around the world, and regarded them as but little threat, but
the Big Brass were too far out of touch with the average GI Joe
to realize that there were thousands of 'little guys' manning
Nuclear Submarines and Missile Silos around the world whose only
link to sanity and the outside world was "The Days of Our
Lives", "As The World Turns", and "Jeopardy."
email message: Top Priority
"Alex, I'll take 'Nuclear Warfare' for $500,
A city, near a river, that won't exist in twenty
minutes if Vanna White isn't back on the airwaves by that time.
"I'll take a wild guess on this one, Alex. "What is Washington, DC?"
The Channel Revolutionary Committee had a secondary
laser-feed in place in less than a half an hour, with their spokesperson,
Arnold Schwartzenager Jr., apologizing for the delay and assuring
ordinary GI Joe's-in twenty-seven languages around the world-of
the 500 Channels' commitment to their loyal viewers. "Our
little family", he called it, assuring everyone that the
Channel Revolutionary Committee would fight to the bitter end
to maintain 'broadcast continuity'.
Tokyo was the only city to take a direct hit-by one
of their own missiles, of course. Their missile-silo operator
had trashed his TV when reception went out and he was not aware
that transmission had been returned to normal. He thus, inadvertently,
became one of the 'Heroes of the Revolution'.
The United States was the last holdout, not officially
conceding defeat until over 72 hours after the announcement of
the Channel Revolution, but it is pretty much established through
historical records that the signing of the Armistice was purposely
delayed by the Home Shopping Channel due to record-breaking sales
figures from loyal viewers who figured that if they were going
to 'buy the farm', that they might as well 'buy the farm', so
to speak.
Computer records verify that the Armistice Agreement
was signed mere minutes after the Shop'ers had sold the last of
the 'Fat Elvis' porcelain figurines that they had been unable
to move in previous offerings. I still have mine.
The most noticeable feature of the 'changing of the
guard' was that there was nothing notable about the whole
process. The 500 Channel Transition Committee came to the Armistice
table with the all of the world's assets and resources already
listed and divided amongst themselves-down to the last penny.
Every living human on the face of the earth seemed to be already
listed in their database, ready to be assigned citizenship in
the Channel Government of their choice.
Even the major movers among the Channel Revolutionary
Committees were perplexed, and a little nervous, at the ease of
the transition and by the completeness and accuracy of their world-wide
database. The wiser among them suspected that they had gotten
help from an anonymous source, and it unnerved them to a certain
The Old Guard at the Pentagon suspected that the Hackers or the
CypherPunks had helped out, but when none of the InterNet factions
seemed to receive any special consideration from their new rulers,
nor even the slightest hint of reward, their suspicions abated.
The InterNet insiders knew better. They knew,
beyond shadow of a doubt, that the perfection of the data transfer
undoubtedly had to have come from within their ranks, but
they were mystified as to the 'who, what, when, where' (and most
important of all-the 'why?') of the anonymous, covert assistance
that had been surreptitiously given to the Channel Revolutionary
Committee by some anonymous faction.
The volume and complexity of the pre-revolution data-transfer
was monumental. The Net'ers found it completely beyond belief
that their own hasty, last-minute efforts were responsible for
the flawlessness of the CRC's new world-wide database. The only 'rational' explanation put forward was that the
'Circle of Eunuchs' had to be involved, but that didn't make very
much sense-for two perfectly sound reasons. First of all, in every account of the legendary Magic
Circle, from the most scholarly volumes of historical researcher
down to even the smallest reference scratched onto an outhouse
wall, the Circle of Eunuchs was undeniably the supreme arch-enemy
of Gomez and the Dark Allies (who were obviously the driving force
behind the Channel Revolution and its leaders). No-how, no-way,
would the Circle ever aid and abet, in the slightest way, the
Evil One's quest for world domination.
Secondly, the legendary group was exactly that-legendary. The
'Circle of Eunuchs' did not exist...they had never existed.
The U.S. Defense Department, the National Security Agency, even
Gomez and the Dark Allies, had squandered a mountain of resources,
searching the world for any sign of their existence and they had
all come up empty. The origin of the myth of the Magic Circle had been
traced back to an inconsequential manuscript, entitled "The
Xenix Chainsaw Massacre", which was written under the nom-de-plume
'Son of Gomez' but was eventually discovered to be the work of
a mentally deranged lunatic who committed suicide in a bizarre
chain-saw ritual in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, as the Royal Canadian
Mounted Police closed in on him, purportedly to take him in for
The manuscript would surface from time to time in
some small corner of the world and catch the fancy of impressionable
college kids or hackers on the fringes of cyberspace, but their
interest would soon die out and they would go on with their uneventful
lives, usually dying mysteriously a short time later, anyway.
The Circle of Eunuchs had never been proven to be
anything more than a myth but the Net'ers kept a vigilant eye
peeled for them just the same. And now the Net'ers were nervous...very
Chapter 9 - WebWar

@_date: 1997-03-23 16:24:50
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 10-11 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
Anon-To: cypherpunks
Anon-Sender: Bubba Rom Dos Anon-Reply To: gnu
Cutmarks: --
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
The God Channel
But I was talking about insanity, and I'm afraid
I've strayed rather far from my original train of thought.
There are no windows on Level 'Leven. There is no
way to keep track of the time of day, or even the passing of the
days. Meals are served at random times and the staff have erratic
schedules. It's done to keep the inmates off balance but it doesn't
really matter-because no one ever gets out of Level 'Leven.
Like I said, I'm not a Fund'er, I'm a Net'er, but
no one will ever believe me, because I'm in a Money Market facility.
And that just doesn't happen. Everybody knows that.
You see, on WebWorld the Channel Governments are
all independent of each other, with their own institutional and
social structures. The CG's don't like their citizens to mix-numbers
and ratings are everything.
There are five hundred different sets of laws, which one would
think would be confusing, but in practice it's not. Each CG has
their own policing system and the citizens acquire a thorough
understanding of what their social duties are through constant
exposure to their Channel.
You see, citizens are only allowed by law to watch
their own Channel.
Surprised? So were the citizens after the transfer of power.
At first they were ecstatic about the changes. For
the first month everyone received all five hundred channels absolutely
free, giving them time to decide which Channel to become citizens
of. And there were incentives-prizes, parties, free meals, free vacations.
The Sex Channel offered some rather interesting incentives
for new citizens. They did quite well in the final ratings (what
had formerly been called 'election results'), despite fierce competition
from the S&M Channel, the Group Sex Channel, the Lesbian Channel,
the 'Buck Futters' Channel, and a host of minor players vying
for the same basic audience.
The Credit Channel offered extravagant credit ratings to new citizens
(you can guess how long that lasted after they had committed themselves
to Card'er citizenship).
Anyway, I'm sure you get the picture.
At the end of the first month the 500 Channel Transition
Committee announced that, everyone now being citizenized, citizens
would be restricted to watching only their own Government Channel
for a one month period, in order for the citizens to become acquainted
to the new forms of society, their own in particular, without
There was quite a bit of grumbling but, since the Channels continued
their promotional antics (and because the citizens had chosen
to join Channels corresponding to their major interest), things
went not only very smoothly but also quite pleasantly.
By the end of the one month restriction people were beginning
to look forward to more variety in their cerebral and visual diet
but the CG Transition Committee then announced that, due to some
rather complicated changes in the satellite transmission programming,
it would be another few weeks before the 500 Channels would be
available to everyone.
At this point there was again a lot of complaining,
but the CGTC announced that this would be an excellent time for
each Channel Government to use the interactive features of the
medium to get input from their citizens for a Channel Bill of
Rights for each individual Channel's citizens. This announcement
was received with great acclaim and, once the process had begun,
several months passed with much haggling back and forth involved.
During this period of time the citizens became rather politically
and emotionally bonded with their Channels.
Although the 500 CG's already had the new Channel-oriented
society mapped out down to the smallest of details, they were
very effective in using the Bill of Rights process to cement the
bond between the citizens and their Channel.
The citizens of each Channel, having the same fundamental interests
as their fellow constituents, would sometimes engage in heated
debates among themselves but, for the most part, they were all
pulling together in the same direction-exactly according to plan.
The individual CG's, while secretly coordinating their activities
through the InterNet, began releasing 'news' flashes and 'special
reports' on their various Channels suggesting, subtly at first,
that the other Channels were working towards including items in
their Bill of Rights that would adversely affect the citizens
of their own Channel's citizens.
There were suggestions that the Fund'ers wanted the
Money Channel to have a say in how large a credit-line the Shopping
Channel could make available to their citizens. The Shop'ers went
ape-shit over this, having joined the Channel with the express
purpose of spending every dime in their possession on 'combination
can opener-mouse traps' with genuine cubic zirconium embedded
in their sides in the shape of Elvis' shaky hips.
Naturally, the Shop'ers Channel Government came to the aid of
their citizens with a great show of bravado and saved the day,
thus earning their constituent's eternal gratitude.
The were rumors of the Top Cop Channel wanting sole
power over law enforcement, which didn't sit well with the Military
Channel, the Citizens Vigilante Channel, the Libertarian Channel,
or any of the various Criminal Channels, such as the Loose Screw
Gun Nut Channel.
You think I'm kidding, don't you?
You have to realize that at the time the Infrared
Fiber Optic Cable System originally made it possible to carry
five hundred channels into each and every home, that there were
only thirty or forty channels currently in existence, and even
those few channels were not uniformly distributed.
When the rush began to take advantage of WebTV's new capabilities,
it was initially a very small rush. Most of the more prudent
corporations and potential investors were reasonably cautious
about rushing into this expanded market and the majority held
back for a while in order to see where the best investment potential
would appear. This was not so with the religious and political
crusaders, the zealots, the fanatics, the extremists, the radicals,
and the 'just plain lunatics' in general. Every nutcase with a cause, a product, or plain and simple illusions
of grandeur, crawled out of the woodwork intending to use this
vast new hi-tech environment to further their own personal 'cause
celebre'. Believe it or not, the Loose Screw Gun Nut Channel,
generally known as the Gun'ers, was far from the most bizarre
of the original channel offerings.
By the time the enormous potential of this new technology
became obvious, the majority of the channels were already in the
hands of the lunatic fringe of the proletariat. The serious corporate
and political powers already 'in the loop' endeavored to keep
it that way in order to secure their advantage over potential
rivals capable of offering them genuine competition.
The smallest of the Channels was the God Channel,
which had only one member. It has always been a mystery as to
just who that member was-no one having ever seen him (or her)-but
there was much speculation on this point, especially among the
other religious Channels.
The Dualist Channel had only two members, the Trinity
Channel had three, but after Channel War I, when Channel ownership
went through drastic changes, the God Channel was the only one
of the three still in existence, and something strange occurred
which resulted in troubling consequences for the InterNet (which
actually formed-although it was no longer commonly known-the root
of the basic communication and database link for the whole planet).
There are many versions or explanations of what happened,
no two of them the same. Those in the best position to know, however,
are in basic agreement with the explanation privately espoused
by the InterNet's premier Computer Cowboy who, according to legend,
was the Head Hacker who was later linked in the mythology of the
'Circle of Eunuchs' to the lineage of the Fool and the GrandMaster.
The Cowboy, as he was called, followed the auditing
trail of all Channel ownership's from their inception through
to the point of their reorganization at the end of Channel War
I. According to the audit trail-so he claimed-the Dualist Channel
and the Trinity Channel did not actually cease to exist, at that
time, but had instead merely merged with the God Channel. This merger necessitated changing the records concerning the number
of Channel members in the God Channel's database. The InterNet
transaction logs indicated that the accounting records were changed
accurately, and in accordance with established procedure, but
the change somehow resulted in a strange and puzzling paradox
that caused bizarre errors throughout the whole InterNet computer
The InterNet started experiencing random problems
all tied to inaccuracies in mathematical calculations occurring
in even the most rudimentary operations. This wreaked havoc throughout
the system for several days, perplexing even the most vaunted
of the InterNet's system analysts, until the Cowboy finally nailed
down the source of the problem.
He found that the database field recording the number of members
of the God Channel would change inexplicably in the midst of the
ongoing system audit checks which went on constantly in the operating
system background for the purpose of maintaining and verifying
data integrity. He told the System Management Board that, as the
system analysts had confirmed, all of the programs and procedures
were flawless and that everyone was in agreement that what was
happening was, in a word...impossible.
The Cowboy explained that he had even tried changing
the physical location of the data field, storing it in a ROM chip
(Read Only Memory) which the computer could not write to (and
thus could not change the content thereof), but could merely read
the value which was already stored-hard coded-therein.
The results were the same, regardless. Sometimes the system would
report back the Channel membership as one, sometimes as two, sometimes
as three, often differing in a matter of microseconds between
auditing checks.
Even worse, the results would change to various numbers ranging
from 1 to infinity which corresponded to the ancient
holy days of obscure religious sects from the past.
The systems analysts had even tried writing a program
which the system could reference without having to physically
read the ROM chip, a program which would give a constant result.
Even this didn't work (once again, mathematically impossible).
The InterNet management, faced with an impossible
paradox that was threatening not only the integrity, but the very
existence, of their system, was in a total panic and called an
emergency meeting of everyone involved. The meeting had come within
a hairbreadth of turning into total cyberhysteria when the Cowboy
came in, announcing to one and all that he had consulted with
a bottle of Jack Daniel's and another old friend, that the problem
was now resolved, and that there would be no further trouble in
this area.
The Cowboy resisted all efforts by the others to
garner specific details concerning his announcement, and he merely
replied that answering their questions would only replace one
mystery with another.
Even though he was questioned, threatened, offered bribes, and
put under constant surveillance by InterNet security forces, no
one ever learned the secret of how he had resolved the paradox,
nor whom he had consulted.
Until now.
The Cowboy had taken the time to dash off a hasty
email message to gomez requesting a conference with
Bubba Rom Dos, ASAP, at the Last Chance Saloon. He removed all traces of the message from the InterNet
system, including the audit trail (technically impossible and
actually a felony), and scooted out the door to a rendezvous with
a legendary character from a mythological fable, who was waiting
for him in a back room at the Last Chance Saloon with a bottle
of Jack Daniel's, two glasses, a thirteen year-old nymphomaniac,
and a serious head-start in the "great race against sobriety",
as he so eloquently put it.
Bubba, a good friend of the nubile young girl's mother,
liked to drag her around with him for the purpose of perpetuating
the nefarious reputation he had garnered at the "original
allegorical meeting of the nonexistent Magic Circle", which
had in turn led to the "imaginary formation of the mythical
Circle of Eunuchs".
The preceding is the manner in which Bubba always replied to questions
regarding whether or not his tales of the Magic Circle were real
or parabolic (a term Bubba used to designate a parable distorted
by the effects of alcoholic delirium tremors).
The Cowboy always assumed this to mean that Bubba's explanation
was a Zen koan which, given long years of dedicated contemplation,
would lead one to the realization that the only aspect of the
myth that is true is the Jack Daniel's.
But I digress.
The solution to InterNet's dilemma was no problem
for Bubba. He merely let out a laugh, knocked back a healthy shot
of J.D. and said, "Oh yes. The 'Inaugural Enigma'."
He advised the Cowboy to install two separate entry
circuits at diametrically opposed points on a ROM chip that has
been hard-coded to the value NULL, using a diamond-laser Void
Enhancer. After that, he said, it was a simple matter of programming
the chip setting from both entry points simultaneously, one setting
it to the value 'zero' and the other setting it to the value 'infinity'.
The Cowboy contended that it was impossible to accomplish
a simultaneous dual hard-coding with the present state of technology,
but Bubba merely replied that it didn't really matter because
the problem the Cowboy was attempting to resolve was also impossible,
and that two paradoxes nullify each other, leaving only an enigma
in their wake, which was, after all, what caused all the trouble
in the first place.
Bubba leaned back in his chair, gave the young girl
a peck on the cheek, and drifted off to sleep.
The Cowboy, feeling perplexed and confused, quietly
made his exit, pausing at the door to glance back at the young
girl, who was softly stroking Bubba's brow. He had known the girl
and her mother for some time, but he had the mysterious feeling
that, somehow, there was much more to her than was apparent on
the surface.
The girl saw him watching her, and she gave him a shy, blushing
smile saying, "Try it. You might be surprised."
The Cowboy often wondered if she was reading his
mind, or if she was referring to Bubba's proposed solution. He
thought about her from time to time, wondering who she really
was, and always felt an uneasy sense of bewilderment that forced
him to think of something else instead.
It was the same feeling he experienced after he had
tried Bubba's solution, with a successful outcome that left an
air of disquieting emptiness in his mind. The system worked perfectly,
as it had before the problem arose. Everything was again exactly
the way it was before, except that something was different.
The same, but different. Another paradox that he instinctively
knew would someday lead to another enigma. The Cowboy reached
behind the system monitor for a bottle of Jack Daniel's he had
tucked away for special occasions. He didn't reach for it to celebrate.
He reached for it because he knew it was real.
The Cowboy reflected for a moment on whether he should
attempt to explain the solution to his InterNet compatriots, but
decided that there was some import of sacredness in the process
that should remain inviolate from those outside the Magic Circle.
He raised a glass in toast to Bubba Rom Dos, itinerant derelict
and philosopher extraordinare...and he thought about the girl.
I know you think I'm crazy. But you're also wondering
how I know all the details of a such a significant event in Channel
history that has remained unexplained for years. And you're wondering about the girl.
So am I. The legend is true...I was the Cowboy.
Chapter 10 - The God Channel / Chapter 11 - Cowboy
S a n d y

@_date: 1997-03-23 17:56:20
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 12-14 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
"Lordy, lordy, Bubba.", Priscilla half-protested, "Are
you sure that it's not something else?" She knew that it
wasn't, so she did not wait for a reply before violently protesting.
"No, it can't be! It's not right! I won't allow it...not
in a million years. She's too young...It's too dangerous...Surely
he can't expect...
"He doesn't even suspect," Bubba pointed out,
"so he is not 'expecting' anything of Alexis."
Bubba knew that pointing out the obvious was fairly useless when
confronted with a mother's rightful concern over her daughter
quite possibly facing a destiny which would surely thrust her
directly from the pangs and throes of puberty into trials and
tribulations that would sorely test the strength and wisdom of
the most mature of souls fated to play a role in the great battle
taking shape to bring a final determination of the path of human
"She's just a girl, Bubba." Priscilla was weeping,
now-resigned to, but not accepting, her daughter's destiny, should
she choose to follow it, to become a major participant in a legendary
movement whose history was strewn with many more sacrificial lambs
than vanquishing heroes.
"She's just a little girl." Priscilla looked with sadness
on her precious young daughter, who was oblivious to the discussion
between her mother and the wizened sage who had been responsible
for seeing her through the many odd twists and turns of life during
her formative years.
Bubba Rom Dos leaned forward and tapped Alexis lightly on the
forehead, and she answered the question which remained unspoken,
naturally, without noticing that she was speaking from an inner
point of her being.
"I suppose that the Cowboy is, realistically, much too old
for me. For us to have a physical relationship, I mean. I think
that I scared him the last time he came to visit Bubba."
Alexis laughed at the thought of her scaring the legendary
Cowboy, and then, to the surprise, partial delight, and
extreme consternation of Priscilla, threw her head back and laughed
the full, hearty laugh of a mature woman who knew that
her femininity and, what's more, her presence, had indeed
scared the hell out of a fully-grown, mature member of the male
"Oh, Alexis. My darling Alexis."
Priscilla had thrown her arms around her daughter, and she was
now bawling like a baby over what she knew would shortly be the
passing of her daughter from pre-pubescence to maturity, with
her adolescence being abridged for the sake of a destiny which
was closing too quickly upon all of humanity to pause long enough
to allow a beautiful young girl to taste all of the flavors of
youth that should have rightfully been hers, as a matter of normal
human evolution.
Bubba tapped Alexis lightly on the forehead, once again, and she
saw, clearly, what the Cowboy had seen, but without confusion
and wonder as to the meaning of the sense of connection she felt
between them.
"Oh, my! Oh, my poor, sweet mother, don't feel sorry for
Alexis hugged her mother close to her, trying to reassure her
that all was well, that all was as it should be (though
the realization of what lay before her was rather startling,
given the abrupt change of direction that it meant in her life).
She then consummated her entry into the maturity of full womanhood
by exclaiming what women have uttered from time immemorial upon
truly discovering that 'a man', their man, has entered
into their life.
"What the hell is wrong with him, mother? You'd think
I was some strange creature from another planet, or something.
He just looked at me, like I was some kind of problem
that he couldn't figure out! If he had any sense, any sense at
all, he would have swept me into his arms, kissed me passionately,
and declared to one and all how blessed he was to have such a
wonderful woman like me in his life."
Priscilla was now laughing through her tears, ready to accept
that her precious young daughter-having discovered for herself
the ultimate folly of the male species, the folly of being confused
by the obvious in matters pertaining to the linking of their heart
and their soul to the yin of their yang-had made the leap from
girlhood to womanhood without stumbling in the slightest.
"He's a man, dear. That's what's wrong
with him."
Priscilla and Alexis looked at each other, woman to woman, for
the first time, and then looked at Bubba, to see if he had any
objections to raise concerning their profound insights into the
state of the male species.
Bubba, remaining loyal to the unwavering tradition of true men
down through the ages, ignored the challenge to fight against
unwinnable odds against a superior opponent, and simply raised
his shot-glass to his lips while shaking his head and muttering,
under his breath, "Women..."
Priscilla and Alexis looked at one another, and shared a hearty,
womanly laugh, and hugged one another, once again.
Insanity Again
I was trying to explain the concept of 'insanity'
in WebWorld. I got sidetracked again, but I think I've explained
enough of the history of the 500 Channels and the evolution of
WebWorld that I can now make myself clear.
WebWorld never went back to unlimited broadcast of
the 500 Channels. By the time the Channel Governments and their
citizens had all established their own intrinsic Bill of Rights,
the CG's delays had given them time to accomplish the true purpose
of their shrewd maneuvering.
The populace was now oriented to a Channel based mental paradigm,
as opposed to the previous world order's geographical model of
cultural affinity. The transformation was complete. Thanks to the hypnotizing
power of the 'Tube', and the extraordinary information compilation
and communication capability of the InterNet, it had taken a matter
of months rather than generations to completely capture the hearts,
minds, and bodies of the populace on a level never before accomplished.
Total world-domination.
No, the control was not entirely complete. The 500 Channel reign
was not yet unequivocally omnipotent, but it would soon be time
for the GrandMaster to be revealed.
But excuse me, please...I digress. Each Channel Society, had their own culture, beliefs
and values consolidated around a central nucleus of group-mind
as it had rarely been since the time of primitive tribes striving
for survival against the primal forces that ruled the environment
they found themselves thrown into from the instant they began
their earthly existence.
Evolution had returned full-circle, and mankind was
face to face with a new dawn of the bicameral mind they had shared
at the time of their first appearance upon the material realm.
There was still a substantial vestige of underlying,
ingrained evolutionary patterns that were inherent in the populace
in general-patterns that might lead one to 'stray from the herd'
if they were indulged in to even the slightest extent. Certain
individuals, in particular, had to be culled from the rank and
file in order to avoid the possibility that they might 'contaminate'
the others.
Many people originally tried getting around the Unitary
Channel Circumscription Law, but TV was, by this time, both visual
and sound interactive. Whoever you were looking at on the 'tube'
was, in all likelihood, 'looking back'. Anyone who attempted to
watch a Channel other than their Home Channel was generally apprehended
immediately. Most of the 'wayward sheep' were brought into line
quite easily by a few days of exposure to the Unitary Rehabilitation
Channel. The potentially more serious misfits were culled rather
quickly and sent to psychiatric facilities for an extensive, in-depth
cerebral adjustment.
Each institution graded their inmates at various
levels, according to the amount of treatment they needed (and
their potentiality for 'infecting' less wayward inmates), and
they were then separated accordingly.
The few cases that were deemed to be hopelessly incurable were
quarantined at Level Eleven status with no treatment administered
and no possibility of release...ever.
There was no thought of execution, the current scientific
judgment being that, upon death, the mental energy of the inmate's
ethereal body would return to the group-mind pool (due to the
strong magnetic-gravitational pull engendered by the current level
of homeostasis that had been achieved in the group-mindset of
the general populace), and this would contaminate the unity that
had already achieved.
The injurious and frightful disruption of the InterNet
system (which was commonly referred to as the 'Parker Paradox',
a nickname given to the event by the Computer Cowboy History Channel),
was still viewed by the Channel hierarchy with much trepidation,
as they had seen the results that could come from even a trivial
inaccuracy in an otherwise impeccable macrocosm.
They had never managed to discover the Cowboy's secret
in regard to the resolution of the Parker Paradox and, truth be
known, they actually had no idea what the nature of the problem
really was.
The long and short of the situation was this: For
all of their success in accomplishing an unprecedented mastery
over the overwhelming majority of mankind, the Channel hierarchy
still had an instinctual, gut-level feeling that, despite their
having managed to get their cards 'all-in-a-row', as the saying
goes, there was still a 'wild card' in the deck-and they had no
idea who, what, or where it was.
The one thing that they were sure of was that
the Cowboy made them very, very nervous.
Operation Eunuchs
When it became obvious that their clandestine surveillance
of the Cowboy wasn't going to yield any positive results, Channel
Security had him picked up and brought to Antiquity Channel Headquarters
for questioning.
An InterNet worker named D'Shauneaux, one of the
original citizens of the 'Wired, Weird & Crazy' Channel (which
later became simply the Crazy Channel at the close of Channel
War II), happened to remark to a coworker that his grandfather,
an eccentric old warrior who had worked at the InterNet in the
Before Channel era, had often entertained him late into the night
with fascinating tales of his clandestine work as head of the
InterNet's internal security force.
The worker had mentioned to a supervisor that the Cowboy's designation
of the source of the InterNet's system crisis as being due to
the 'Parker Paradox' had reminded him, strangely enough, of a
reference his grandfather had made to the final stages of the
Circle of Eunuchs investigation that took place shortly before
the advent of the Channel era.
It seems that "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre",
an obscure and cryptic manuscript that had started the whole mythological
legend of the Magic Circle, had been traced in origin to a small
computer company in Tucson, Arizona, located in the Southwestern
region of the United States of America. The company turned out to be a one-man operation named "Pearl
Harbor Computers, Inc.", run by a Canadian 'frostback' whose
mentality lay somewhere along the borderline between 'terminal
inebriation' and the 'lunatic fringe'. Pearl Harbor's company
motto was "We've been bombed since 1941". D'Shauneaux's grandfather, who was actually a high-ranking
computer security official at both the Pentagon and the National
Security Agency, was the chief executive officer assigned to lead
a highly classified investigation that was officially designated
'Operation Eunuchs'.
Upon discovering the origin of the manuscript, Vice-Admiral
D'Shauneaux came to the conclusion that the investigation had
consumed a massive number of man-hours, huge sums of money, and
had squandered an extensive array of precious resources on the
military equivalent of a 'snipe hunt'.
He dashed off a scathing report to the Deputy Director of the
Pentagon castigating everyone that had been involved in mounting
"this preposterous operation" and forwarded it to the
Pentagon by ordinary email via the InterNet.
Two hours later D'Shauneaux found himself in Washington, DC, marching
into the Chief Director's Office, and flanked by two MP's who
had been ordered to shoot his sorry ass if he so much as blinked
on the flight back to Headquarters. He got a blistering dressing-down
by the Chief Director that left him trembling from the tips of
his toes to the hair on his chinny-chin-chin.
Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux was told, in no uncertain
terms, that he was to get his butt back to Arizona, track down
the President of Pearl Harbor Computers, Inc., and immediately
bring him directly back to the Deputy Director at Pentagon Headquarters.
"DO YOU UNDERSTAND 'IMMEDIATELY'? DO YOU UNDERSTAND
'DIRECTLY'? DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT IF YOU FUCK THIS OPERATION
UP IN THE SLIGHTEST, MOST MINUTE DETAIL, THAT YOU WILL BE ORDERED
TO BLOW YOUR OWN FUCKING HEAD OFF IN FRONT OF YOUR FAMILY, FRIENDS,
AND NEIGHBORS? DO YOU UNDERSTAND THAT I'LL CUT THE BALLS OFF YOUR
USELESS, DECREPIT CARCASS ON THE 'PRIME TIME NATIONAL NEWS CHANNEL'
IN FRONT OF THE WHOLE GODDAMN NATION?
He understood.
When Air Force One set down in Arizona, there was
a gentleman waiting for them at the airport who was 'under orders'
from the Deputy Director to accompany Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux
constantly until completion of Operation Eunuchs. The man didn't
bother to introduce himself, so D'Shauneaux mentally named him
'The Shadow'.
D'Shauneaux had an uneasy feeling about the man. He suspected
that this fellow, judging from his demeanor, had both the authority
and disposition to give the Deputy Director the same kind of dressing-down
that the Vice-Admiral himself had received from the Chief Director.
According to Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux, they tracked
their quarry down in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, a province in Western
Canada (although legend has the event taking place in Davidson,
several hundred miles to the north), leaving the siege of the
sleazy motel where he was staying in the capable hands of an elite
branch of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, whose unofficial
motto was "we always get our man".
They got him all right...in a thousand pieces.
The scene was so gruesome that even the veteran, hard-bitten Mounties
involved in the operation had difficulty keeping their lunch from
hitting the floor.
The man had slaughtered himself with a Stihl chainsaw,
leaving behind a scene of savage brutality that made the barbarous
atrocities of the Nazi holocaust pale by comparison. He had butchered
himself, piece by piece, leaving body parts and fragments of mutilated
flesh scattered in every part of the room.
The assault team had heard the clamor from three
blocks away and immediately abandoned their well-laid plans, throwing
themselves into a full-scale impromptu offensive on the motel,
scaring the bejesus out of the dozen or so residents of the other
rooms, who were already shaking in terror from the man's plaintive,
mind-numbing screams.
The first Mountie through the door had discovered a cryptic message
written in blood on the wall by the bed. The 'Shadow' ordered
everyone out of the room and separated the young Mountie from
the rest of the group. When the Shadow's colleagues showed up,
minutes later, he had two of them take the lone Mountie away,
supposedly for 'debriefing', but D'Shauneaux had a feeling that
the man was being transported to a destination that only required
a one-way ticket.
The Shadow's crew was quick and efficient, moving
to secure the motel and delegating to the Mounties the task of
isolating the motel guests from one another for individual interrogation.
The Shadow's team leader nodded almost imperceptibly towards the
remaining Mounties, raising his eyebrows slightly and looking
to the Shadow for a cue. The Shadow, just as indiscernibly, nodded
back a 'no'.
It looked like the rest of the Mounties would make it home tonight.
D'Shauneaux had watched, out of the corner of his
eye, the reaction of the Mounties' squad leader when his junior
officer had been sent for 'debriefing'. His total lack of reaction
told D'Shauneaux that he understood the situation perfectly. His
explicit instructions to the remainder of his assault team to
'carefully' follow the instructions of the Shadow's team sent
everyone involved the message that further 'debriefings' would
be neither necessary nor wise.
It was obvious to D'Shauneaux that the Shadow's superiors had
ordered the termination of everyone involved in the assault. It
was equally obvious that the Shadow had the experience and discernment
to understand that it was not worthwhile to risk a 'messy' situation
in order to eliminate individuals who had so little knowledge
of what was really going on here.
The Shadow nodded to the Vice-Admiral and they headed
towards the limo. A short time later they were back aboard 'Air
Force One'.
The ride back was silent, totally silent. D'Shauneaux and the
Shadow rode alone in the executive cabin that was normally reserved
exclusively for the President of the United States. The Vice-Admiral
got the distinct impression that this was not the first time the
Shadow had sat at the seat of power.
D'Shauneaux mixed himself a scotch and water, sipping
it slowly as he allowed himself to relax for the first time since
he had left the Chief Director's office early that morning. He
sat in quiet contemplation, resting his gaze abstractly on the
Shadow (who was observing D'Shauneaux with a penetrating, focused
attention that saw everything and missed nothing).
The Shadow was deciding whether or not to kill him, and he knew
D'Shauneaux was waiting, with unruffled composure, for his decision.
Twenty minutes before their scheduled landing the Shadow spoke
to Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux, saying, "It looks like you were
right. There is no Magic Circle. This whole operation has been
a ridiculous waste of time."
The Shadow got up and mixed himself a drink. D'Shauneaux
knew that he, too, would be going home tonight.
D'Shauneaux had been ordered to report back to the
Deputy Director immediately upon his return but the Shadow told
him, in a calm and quiet voice, to go home, get some sleep, and
return to his duties at the InterNet the following day.
D'Shauneaux instinctively knew that the Deputy Director would
not be going home that night. As it turned out, everyone connected
in the slightest way to Operation Eunuchs, with the sole exception
of Vice-Admiral B. D'Shauneaux, was 'debriefed' over the next
few days.
Over fifteen hundred people were on the Shadow's 'list'. And only
one survived.
Bubba D'Shauneaux, who would later write the Addendum
to the (as yet uncompleted) manuscript of "The Xenix Chainsaw
Massacre", went home, had a shower, laid down in bed and
contemplated the loss of his closest and dearest friend...the
former President of Pearl Harbor Computers, Inc., Tucson, Arizona.
Then he drifted off to sleep.
Oh yes, by the way. The man's name...the man in
the motel room...the former President of Pearl Harbor Computers,
Inc. His name was Parker. C.J. Parker.
Chapter 12 - Priscilla / Chapter 13 - Insanity Again

@_date: 1997-03-24 09:25:36
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 15 
The True Story of the InterNet                                                                     Part II
                                       WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
                                                               by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Jonathan was a wreck. A totally nervous wreck. The bottle of bourbon was almost empty, but that was O.K., he had more-plenty more. He knew that the woman who came to 'initiate' him into the circle was right about Bubba Rom Dos. Just an old, drunken has-
been who liked to shoot his mouth off and act important, rambling on about things he knew nothing about.
But Jonathan knew about these weird, evil things. He knew much more than he wanted to know about them. Things that he couldn't forget, no matter how hard he tried.
After he had been to see Bubba, receiving only a denial of the Magic Circle's existence (from a young girl whose existence was so real that he still thought about her), Jonathan had immersed himself in scanning old CyberPosts...email, he corrected himself...that dated from the early CypherPunks era.
It was a twisted, rambling trail that was woven around and through the history of the CypherPunks. CryptoRebels, CyberHackers, Spooks, Phreaks, and Phantoms...
Everybody had an angle, or a game, and even the players often seemed unsure of who they were playing with, or against.
Was it Gilmore, or Hughes-Jonathan couldn't remember, it had been so many years ago-who had stood on the desk in his grandfather's study, and uttered the words which might well have been the official battle-cry of the CypherPunks?
"Close ranks-every man for himself."
Jonathan had pored over the archive surrounding the date of the legendary moderation experiment on the list. It was an archive that Jonathan's grandfather, among others, had used for PseudoID Traffic Analysis, along with UNIX route tracing records and information secretly gleaned from the military's Onion Routers, in order to attempt to "separate the  double agents from the triple agents," as one of the Russian list members, Igor, used to say.
Jonathan still remembered the one time that he had received a scathing rebuke from all present in his grandfather's study, as a result of suggesting that they could learn much of what they needed to know by studying the remailer records.
Big mistake.
Jonathan immediately found himself surrounded by a plethora of enraged CypherPunks who obviously didn't give a fat rat's ass whether he was a mere child, or not-nobody questioned their integrity regarding their foremost contribution to anarchy...end of story.
One of the CypherPunks picked him up by his collar, lifting him up to eye level, and said, in deadly serious, deep-throated tones,
"You don't tug on Superman's cape. You don't spit in the wind. You don't peek in the files on your own remailer, and you don't mess around with Jim."
To Jonathan's great relief, the whole ragged band broke out in laughter. Jonathan learned later that the gentleman who had 'corrected' him, Jim, was the author of an Assassination Bot-one which had begun as a theoretical exercise, and later became a major tool in the implementation of the CypherPunks launching of Channel War II.
Jonathan shook his head slowly, trying to convince himself that this was all a dream, and that he wasn't really irrevocably connected to this band of fringe-dwellers, rogues and eccentrics.
It didn't work.
He remembered the night that Priscilla had knocked on his door, and in his rush to shut off his blue-light unit he answered the door with his upper body uncovered. He was terrified when he realized that this woman, whom he had never seen before, was standing there, dumbfounded, staring at his tattoo.
Jonathan had almost fainted with relief when she stepped inside the door, quickly shutting it, reached into her cloak, and pulled out a bottle of Jack Daniel's, with a label he instantly recognized, saying in a quiet, calm voice, "We need to talk."
Tuesday was the worst. That was what set off his three-day binge. He had been working on his skills, like the lady had told him to do. And he was keeping his eyes open, like she said. Somehow, seeking to observe the weird things, instead of dreading and trying to avoid them, had helped. Now, instead of trying to repress the memory of these events, he would analyze them, note them, try to arrange them in a logical fashion, so that if he ever had to deal with them, to work with or against them, he would be prepared.
"Be prepared.", that's what the woman had told him during his initiation.
"You will probably will not be contacted for quite some time-perhaps never.", the woman had said, but that was all right. Just knowing that there was a Magic Circle, that there were others out there, waiting, preparing, possibly already acting against the strange forces he had encountered-that was enough, just knowing that he wasn't alone.
And then Tuesday...
It had been a strange couple of weeks.
The weirdness going on in his system was just the 'usual' weirdness. Programs that he hadn't written cropping up and running themselves. They followed the normal pattern, in most cases-extracting newly input information from the databases he was working with, sorting and codifying it, uploading it to 'nowhere' was 'somewhere' that he was not supposed to discover.
So he left it alone...until Tuesday.
The Cowboy, one of the top computer honchos on the InterNet, probably the top honcho, according to many, had dropped out of sight, suddenly and unexpectedly, a couple of weeks before.
Strangely, he had been called into the Cowboy's 'domain'-"Cowboys don't have offices, they ride the range.", he had told Jonathan-the next working day after his initiation into the 'Circle'. He thought that this might be the 'contact' he was expecting, but it turned out to be a routine, minor matter.
There was a bizarre incident, however, which left Jonathan wondering if the Cowboy was really all that his reputation held him out to be.
The Cowboy had been drinking quite liberally from a bottle of Jack Daniel's he had stashed behind the monitor, while Jonathan worked on some minor programs that the Cowboy had told him to troubleshoot for him. Once Jonathan had completed his tasks, the Cowboy came over to check his work, and proceeded to log onto the terminal that Jonathan had been working on.
The Cowboy, his coordination seemingly affected by his prolonged drinking, accidentally hit the return key at the 'login:' prompt, and then typed 'Cowboy' into the 'password:' prompt by mistake, which 'hid' what he had typed, as it is supposed to do, in order to keep others from discovering another user's password. The Cowboy now typed his password in at the subsequent 'login:' prompt, where it was plainly visible for Jonathan to see. The Cowboy, in his inebriated state, repeated this mistake several times, cursing the system for not allowing him to log on, before realizing what he had done.
The Cowboy, looking up sheepishly at Jonathan, corrected his error, logged onto the system, checked Jonathan's work, then dismissed him.
This type of thing happened every now and then, with one user accidentally discovering another user's password, but Jonathan had never heard of such a thing at the ultimate level of security which the Cowboy was privileged to hold. And even a low-level user, having made this mistake, would immediately 'change' his or her password, in order to maintain the security of their user identity and their work. The Cowboy had not done this, which bothered Jonathan.
Then, when the Cowboy disappeared, Jonathan was called in to take over some of his duties, which were spread amongst a variety of individuals.
Jonathan was amazed at this, since the others sharing the Cowboys former duties were all top-notch, experienced 'Net'ers, which he was not, with high-level clearance in their regular posts. Jonathan then discovered, when changing his user attributes to match the Cowboy's, so that he could work with a variety of 'C-shell' programs, that his own security-level had been changed to match that of the Cowboy. What was unusual was that this had been done weeks ago-at the same time that Jonathan had been at home being initiated into the 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
Jonathan shivered as he thought about this, with a strange chill running up and down his spine. The same strange chill had occurred twice that day. The first time was when he realized that the strange men surrounding him in the office he was temporarily working in-men sent down directly from the Chief Director's Security Office-were all working frantically to try to 'break into' the Cowboy's user account-which Jonathan knew the password for. The second time was shortly thereafter, when thinking about the 'password' incident, and realizing that the Cowboy's password-gnimocsizemog-when spelled backwards, read Then, Tuesday...
Jonathan was working at his home terminal, cleaning up a few leftovers from the day's office work, and he had noticed the intruding, unauthorized 'background' programs running, again.
When he checked into their activity, he noticed that they were doing searches on all of his databases, searching for the word 'Uncle'. Each time the word was found, the database record was uploaded to going, for all this time.
He pulled a sub-routine out of one of his programs, one designed to report back on 'path' errors when debugging programs. It was a sub-routine of his own design, and one that he was quite proud of. When one of his programs was sending its output files to some unknown place, with an unknown name, his sub-routine (which he called 'find_me.c'), would intervene to 'tag along' with the file, and, at its destination, change do a 'pwd' command (report the 'present working directory'), and use that and the name of the unknown file as arguments for the 'find_me.c' file, which would then report back to Jonathan's terminal with the path name and file name of the lost file.
When Jonathan 'piped' his sub-routine into the intruder program, however, he got some very unexpected First, he was booted out of his login account, and his terminal screen went blank. Secondly, the power to his system went off, and he could not turn it back on. Thirdly...
Jonathan reached for another bottle of bourbon. This one was Wild Turkey. He poured himself a stiff shot, threw it back, and thought about the third effect of his program.
Thirdly, there was the sound of jack-boots on the stairs, several minutes later, then the sound of his next-
door neighbor's door being kicked in, shots ringing out, and the sound of jack-boots leaving shortly thereafter. Jonathan had looked out the window to see dark figures loading his neighbor's lifeless body into a dark vehicle and then drive off into the night.
The following morning, Jonathan had seen the news of his own death come over the VirtualNews link, stating that a lone burglar, who escaped capture, was responsible. Jonathan had switched apartments with his neighbor the day before, switching their terminals inside the junction box himself, rather than wait for the apartment manager's return from his vacation. He had chastised himself for forgetting to change the names on their mail slots, as he had promised the neighbor he would take care of it, but that omission, apparently, had saved his life.
Jonathan reached for the bottle, once again, and thought about Bubba Rom Dos.
The broken-down old buzzard may be, as the woman had told him, a useless failure, having given up on life. But the geezer sure knew how to do it with style, and since it would undoubtedly be discovered, upon his landlord's return, that Jonathan was still alive, he could think of no one better to emulate, than Bubba Rom Dos, in his final days.
Jonathan raised his glass, in toast, to his new-found 'liquid guru', and he thought about the young girl he had encountered on his visit to see Bubba. What was her name? Alexis? Yes, Alexis.
Chapter 15 - Initiation

@_date: 1997-03-25 04:14:58
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 15 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Jonathan was a wreck. A totally nervous wreck. The bottle of bourbon was almost empty, but that was O.K., he
had more-plenty more. He knew that the woman who came to 'initiate'
him into the circle was right about Bubba Rom Dos. Just an old,
drunken has-been who liked to shoot his mouth off and act important,
rambling on about things he knew nothing about.
But Jonathan knew about these weird, evil things. He knew much
more than he wanted to know about them. Things that he couldn't
forget, no matter how hard he tried.
After he had been to see Bubba, receiving only a denial of the
Magic Circle's existence (from a young girl whose existence was
so real that he still thought about her), Jonathan had immersed
himself in scanning old CyberPosts...email, he corrected himself...that
dated from the early CypherPunks era.
It was a twisted, rambling trail that was woven around and through
the history of the CypherPunks. CryptoRebels, CyberHackers, Spooks,
Phreaks, and Phantoms...
Everybody had an angle, or a game, and even the players often
seemed unsure of who they were playing with, or against.
Was it Gilmore, or Hughes-Jonathan couldn't remember, it had been
so many years ago-who had stood on the desk in his grandfather's
study, and uttered the words which might well have been the official
battle-cry of the CypherPunks?
"Close ranks-every man for himself."
Jonathan had pored over the archive surrounding the date of the
legendary moderation experiment on the list. It was an archive
that Jonathan's grandfather, among others, had used for PseudoID
Traffic Analysis, along with UNIX route tracing records and information
secretly gleaned from the military's Onion Routers, in order to
attempt to "separate the  double agents from the triple agents,"
as one of the Russian list members, Igor, used to say.
Jonathan still remembered the one time that he had received a
scathing rebuke from all present in his grandfather's study, as
a result of suggesting that they could learn much of what they
needed to know by studying the remailer records.
Big mistake.
Jonathan immediately found himself surrounded by a plethora of
enraged CypherPunks who obviously didn't give a fat rat's ass
whether he was a mere child, or not-nobody questioned their integrity
regarding their foremost contribution to anarchy...end of story.
One of the CypherPunks picked him up by his collar, lifting him
up to eye level, and said, in deadly serious, deep-throated tones,
"You don't tug on Superman's cape. You don't spit in the
wind. You don't peek in the files on your own remailer, and you
don't mess around with Jim."
To Jonathan's great relief, the whole ragged band broke out in
laughter. Jonathan learned later that the gentleman who had 'corrected'
him, Jim, was the author of an Assassination Bot-one which had
begun as a theoretical exercise, and later became a major tool
in the implementation of the CypherPunks launching of Channel
War II.
Jonathan shook his head slowly, trying to convince himself that
this was all a dream, and that he wasn't really irrevocably connected
to this band of fringe-dwellers, rogues and eccentrics.
It didn't work.
He remembered the night that Priscilla had knocked on his door,
and in his rush to shut off his blue-light unit he answered the
door with his upper body uncovered. He was terrified when he realized
that this woman, whom he had never seen before, was standing there,
dumbfounded, staring at his tattoo.
Jonathan had almost fainted with relief when she stepped inside
the door, quickly shutting it, reached into her cloak, and pulled
out a bottle of Jack Daniel's, with a label he instantly recognized,
saying in a quiet, calm voice, "We need to talk."
Tuesday was the worst. That was what set off his three-day binge.
He had been working on his skills, like the lady had told him
to do. And he was keeping his eyes open, like she said. Somehow,
seeking to observe the weird things, instead of dreading and trying
to avoid them, had helped. Now, instead of trying to repress the
memory of these events, he would analyze them, note them, try
to arrange them in a logical fashion, so that if he ever had to
deal with them, to work with or against them, he would be prepared.
"Be prepared.", that's what the woman had told him during
his initiation.
"You will probably will not be contacted for quite some time-perhaps
never.", the woman had said, but that was all right. Just
knowing that there was a Magic Circle, that there were
others out there, waiting, preparing, possibly already acting
against the strange forces he had encountered-that was enough,
just knowing that he wasn't alone.
And then Tuesday...
It had been a strange couple of weeks.
The weirdness going on in his system was just the 'usual' weirdness.
Programs that he hadn't written cropping up and running themselves.
They followed the normal pattern, in most cases-extracting newly
input information from the databases he was working with, sorting
and codifying it, uploading it to /dev/null. Theoretically, that
meant it was being sent 'nowhere', but he had long since figured
out that 'nowhere' was 'somewhere' that he was not supposed to
So he left it alone...until Tuesday.
The Cowboy, one of the top computer honchos on the InterNet, probably
the top honcho, according to many, had dropped out of sight,
suddenly and unexpectedly, a couple of weeks before.
Strangely, he had been called into the Cowboy's 'domain'-"Cowboys
don't have offices, they ride the range.", he had told Jonathan-the
next working day after his initiation into the 'Circle'. He thought
that this might be the 'contact' he was expecting, but it turned
out to be a routine, minor matter.
There was a bizarre incident, however, which left Jonathan wondering
if the Cowboy was really all that his reputation held him out
to be.
The Cowboy had been drinking quite liberally from a bottle of
Jack Daniel's he had stashed behind the monitor, while Jonathan
worked on some minor programs that the Cowboy had told him to
troubleshoot for him. Once Jonathan had completed his tasks, the
Cowboy came over to check his work, and proceeded to log onto
the terminal that Jonathan had been working on.
The Cowboy, his coordination seemingly affected by his prolonged
drinking, accidentally hit the return key at the 'login:' prompt,
and then typed 'Cowboy' into the 'password:' prompt by mistake,
which 'hid' what he had typed, as it is supposed to do, in order
to keep others from discovering another user's password. The Cowboy
now typed his password in at the subsequent 'login:' prompt, where
it was plainly visible for Jonathan to see. The Cowboy, in his
inebriated state, repeated this mistake several times, cursing
the system for not allowing him to log on, before realizing what
he had done.
The Cowboy, looking up sheepishly at Jonathan, corrected his error,
logged onto the system, checked Jonathan's work, then dismissed
This type of thing happened every now and then, with one user
accidentally discovering another user's password, but Jonathan
had never heard of such a thing at the ultimate level of security
which the Cowboy was privileged to hold. And even a low-level
user, having made this mistake, would immediately 'change' his
or her password, in order to maintain the security of their user
identity and their work. The Cowboy had not done this, which bothered
Then, when the Cowboy disappeared, Jonathan was called in to take
over some of his duties, which were spread amongst a variety of
Jonathan was amazed at this, since the others sharing the Cowboys
former duties were all top-notch, experienced 'Net'ers, which
he was not, with high-level clearance in their regular posts.
Jonathan then discovered, when changing his user attributes to
match the Cowboy's, so that he could work with a variety of 'C-shell'
programs, that his own security-level had been changed to match
that of the Cowboy. What was unusual was that this had been done
weeks ago-at the same time that Jonathan had been at home being
initiated into the 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
Jonathan shivered as he thought about this, with a strange chill
running up and down his spine. The same strange chill had occurred
twice that day. The first time was when he realized that the strange
men surrounding him in the office he was temporarily working in-men
sent down directly from the Chief Director's Security Office-were
all working frantically to try to 'break into' the Cowboy's user
account-which Jonathan knew the password for. The second time
was shortly thereafter, when thinking about the 'password' incident,
and realizing that the Cowboy's password-gnimocsizemog-when spelled
backwards, read 'gomeziscoming'.
Then, Tuesday...
Jonathan was working at his home terminal, cleaning up a few leftovers
from the day's office work, and he had noticed the intruding,
unauthorized 'background' programs running, again.
When he checked into their activity, he noticed that they were
doing searches on all of his databases, searching for the word
'Uncle'. Each time the word was found, the database record was
uploaded to /dev/null, as usual. Jonathan decided it was time
to find out just where the purloined information had been going,
for all this time.
He pulled a sub-routine out of one of his programs, one designed
to report back on 'path' errors when debugging programs. It was
a sub-routine of his own design, and one that he was quite proud
of. When one of his programs was sending its output files to some
unknown place, with an unknown name, his sub-routine (which he
called 'find_me.c'), would intervene to 'tag along' with the file,
and, at its destination, change do a 'pwd' command (report the
'present working directory'), and use that and the name of the
unknown file as arguments for the 'find_me.c' file, which would
then report back to Jonathan's terminal with the path name and
file name of the lost file.
When Jonathan 'piped' his sub-routine into the intruder program,
however, he got some very unexpected results.
First, he was booted out of his login account, and his terminal
screen went blank. Secondly, the power to his system went off,
and he could not turn it back on. Thirdly...
Jonathan reached for another bottle of bourbon. This one was Wild
Turkey. He poured himself a stiff shot, threw it back, and thought
about the third effect of his program.
Thirdly, there was the sound of jack-boots on the stairs, several
minutes later, then the sound of his next-door neighbor's door
being kicked in, shots ringing out, and the sound of jack-boots
leaving shortly thereafter. Jonathan had looked out the window
to see dark figures loading his neighbor's lifeless body into
a dark vehicle and then drive off into the night.
The following morning, Jonathan had seen the news of his own death
come over the VirtualNews link, stating that a lone burglar, who
escaped capture, was responsible. Jonathan had switched apartments with his neighbor the day before,
switching their terminals inside the junction box himself, rather
than wait for the apartment manager's return from his vacation.
He had chastised himself for forgetting to change the names on
their mail slots, as he had promised the neighbor he would take
care of it, but that omission, apparently, had saved his life.
Jonathan reached for the bottle, once again, and thought about
Bubba Rom Dos.
The broken-down old buzzard may be, as the woman had told him,
a useless failure, having given up on life. But the geezer sure
knew how to do it with style, and since it would undoubtedly be
discovered, upon his landlord's return, that Jonathan was still
alive, he could think of no one better to emulate, than Bubba
Rom Dos, in his final days.
Jonathan raised his glass, in toast, to his new-found 'liquid
guru', and he thought about the young girl he had encountered
on his visit to see Bubba. What was her name? Alexis? Yes, Alexis.
Chapter 15 - Initiation

@_date: 1997-03-25 04:15:08
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 16 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
The Cowboy sat calmly in the corner of the room,
smoking a hand-rolled cigarette and blowing smoke-rings towards
the ceiling, seemingly oblivious to his surroundings and the gravity
of the situation he was in.
"We just want to ask you a few questions."
An epitaph for a tombstone, if the Cowboy had ever
heard one.
A man with eyes of cold, blue steel sat behind an
antique desk to his right, and to his left was a group of elderly
gentlemen trying their best to remain unnoticed. The Cowboy assumed,
from their somber, scholarly air, that these were the Masters
of Antiquity, renowned for their thorough knowledge of the detailed
history of mankind's existence from the very dawn of civilization
up to the present. A knowledge that included even those details
that were officially denied.
The man behind the desk sat completely still, watching the Cowboy
with a seeming indifference that only served to underscore his
penetrating air of focused attention. After thirty minutes or
so, the man seemed to conclude that anything less than a direct
approach would be a useless waste of time, so he asked the Cowboy,
casually, as a friend talking to a friend, the one thing that
only this man could tell him.
"Tell me Cowboy. Why the 'Parker Paradox'? Why
that name, and not another?"
The Cowboy met the man's gaze and smiled, thought
to himself for a moment, and grinned. He got out of his chair
and walked to the desk, chuckling to himself, pulled a pint of
Jim Beam out of his back pocket, made a ceremonial gesture of
offering a drink to the man with eyes of cold blue steel, and
then sat down on the edge of the desk.
"It's a pretty obscure reference. You must be
the one they call the 'Shadow'"
The Shadow had read the man correctly. This was going
to be a fairly straightforward conversation. He reached for the
bottle the Cowboy had set on the table and pulled a shot glass
out of the center drawer of the antique oak desk before him.
"No. They don't call me that. Only one
man ever did, and that was a long, long time ago."
The Shadow's face betrayed no hint of pleasure or displeasure.
He leaned back in the chair, sipping his drink. It was the Cowboy's
turn to talk.
The Cowboy sat silent for a long time. He wasn't
avoiding the subject, or devising some elaborate story to throw
the 'enemy' off-track. He was 'lost in thought', his mind traveling
to a time and place that was long ago and far away.
"It took D'Shauneaux a long time before he finally
figured out why you let him live, you know. The whole 'Operation
Eunuchs' affair was so filled with false trails and subterfuge
that even D'Shauneaux forgot to look to simplicity for the answer
to all his questions.
"He finally got around to asking himself not, 'why am I alive?',
but rather, 'why am I not dead, like the others?'. That was when
he finally figured it out."
The Shadow leaned forward in his chair, elbows on
his knees, his chin resting on his hands and, for the first time
in a long and lonely career, he let down his hair and allowed
himself to ride the Nostalgia Express to a time and place that
was long ago and far away. He gazed up at the Cowboy, making no
attempt whatsoever to hide his interest in where this conversation
would ultimately lead.
The Shadow picked up the ball and immediately handed it back to
the Cowboy.
"Intriguing, but I'm from Missouri, show me," The Masters of Antiquity, the boss-hogs of scholarly
knowledge about anything and everything that had to do with the
annals of history, looked at each other in semi-amazement that
the Shadow could be referring to a colloquialism from a small
geographical area from the BC (Before Channel) era.
They had been called in to observe this 'interrogation' in the
hope that the man to be questioned would let slip some tiny detail
that would confirm his connection to a chain of mythological historical
events that had remained an unconfirmed mystery for as long as
could be remembered.
The Masters of Antiquity had been told to expect
having to stay over for the night, working until the operation
was complete, but they didn't have the slightest inkling that
they would not be returning home the following night...nor
the next night...nor the next.
If they were semi-amazed at the Shadow's reference
to an obscure proverb from the BC era, they were totally amazed
by the Cowboy's reply. He tossed out a phrase that they had never
heard before, but one which they recognized as an undeniable colloquialism
from the same time-period.
They began to write frantically, realizing that they were about
to hear details from an era that was still a mystery to even the
most astute scholars of Antiquity. "Well", the Cowboy said, "I'm too drunk to sing
and it's too wet to plow, so I guess we're going to be here awhile."
The Cowboy gestured toward the near-empty pint of
Jim Beam, and eased himself into a plump leather chair while the
Shadow reached to the back of the liquor cabinet and pulled out
a bottle of Jack Daniel's with a personalized custom label on
it that the Cowboy had first seen many, many years ago.
'Private Stock of Bubba Rom Dos'
The Cowboy froze. He sat, stunned, staring at the
bottle, at the label. Then he started to feel nauseous and had
to fight to keep back the bile that started to rise to his throat.
Few have seen the Shadow smile, but he now smiled
without restraint.
"No," the Shadow said, "there was
no point in killing him. He's of much more use to us alive than
dead. With a babbling, wild-eyed 'poster-boy for alcoholically
induced dementia' running around railing against us, it makes
your whole movement, and ours as well, look like a fabrication
of the lunatic fringe. By the time I left his house I almost doubted
our existence myself.
"I even suggested to the Council of Darkness that we put
Mr. Dos on our payroll. They were not amused."
The Shadow, however did seem amused, as he
"He made a great ceremony of presenting me with a gift from
his renowned private stock, smiling to himself at his own private
joke. He thought me a fool, walking ignorantly away from the greatest
threat against us-himself.
"I accepted his gift graciously and apologized to him for
any inconvenience I caused him. I told him that, although my suspicion
of him had been allayed, it was still my duty to keep an eye on
him from time to time. I almost smiled at my own private joke.
His madness is infectious"
"I never met the man, myself," the Cowboy
replied, "but it sounds like he's living up to the legend."
He reached for the bottle and once again picked up
his account of Vice-Admiral Bubba D'Shauneaux's sudden and stunning
realization of what Operation Eunuchs had really been about.
"The way I heard it, the Vice-Admiral nearly hit the floor
when he realized that the others were dead because they didn't
know, and that he was alive because he knew.
"When you told him he was right about
the Magic Circle, that it was just a myth, he was very relieved.
He thought that you let him live because he didn't believe
the Circle was real. When the rest of the people connected to
the affair all died, he realized that his assumption was wrong."
The Shadow smiled and waited for the Cowboy to continue.
"It blew his mind that he was involved in an
investigation that was at such a high level of importance that
those who didn't know had to die so that there was no chance they
would ever speak of it to anybody else. And those who 'knew' were
not a threat because there was no way to speak of it, no way to
explain it to those who didn't know.
"He realized that those who knew the reality of the
'myth' were not a danger-not in the slightest-because the affair
was so enormous that there was nothing they could say to anyone
without being thought crazy, babbling fools...nothing that
they could do about it. He knew he would be watched day and night-that
any attempt to make contact with the Circle would place them in
great peril.
"He took over the operation of Pearl Harbor Computers with
that in mind. He knew that after that nasty affair in Moose Jaw
no one in the Magic Circle would ever attempt to contact anyone
having even the remotest connection to C.J. Parker or Pearl Harbor
Computers. "It was the clearest message he could send to
the Circle to let them know that he knew of their existence, but
that he was a great danger to them."
The Cowboy paused to pour himself a shot and roll
a cigarette.
"It's like when a lake turns over in the spring
and the warm and cold water change places overnight. The top goes
to the bottom, and the bottom goes to the top.
"Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux understood that he was involved
in something that was not just at a high level, but at a level
that goes beyond comprehension...beyond normality. A juncture
where everything flips over and becomes its opposite."
The Cowboy looked straight at the Shadow, but past
him, as if lost in a private memory, a thousand years and a thousand
miles away.
"Uncle Bubba was never quite the same after
The Shadow was stunned. The Cowboy was a nephew of
D'Shauneaux? Impossible! It was nowhere in the records. Of course,
the Cowboy had access to the InterNet, but the records were so
highly secured that there was no possibility of tampering with
them. Or was there? The Shadow raised his guard once again. Things
were moving in a very dangerous direction.
The Cowboy seemed oblivious to the sudden change
in the Shadow. He took a sip of bourbon and continued on as if
everything was just the way it was before his reference to 'Uncle
"A paradox, that's what he called it.
A trail of mystery and intrigue that led to an old and trusted
friend who somehow turned out to hold the key that could unlock
the door to a puzzle that was capable of changing the fate of
mankind in an instant...in the proverbial 'twinkling of an
eye'. A man whose death didn't remove the threat to Gomez and
the Dark Allies' arcane plans for mankind's doom. A man whose
demise only made the threat more momentous and tangible.
"He called the situation 'Parker's Paradox' in the memory
of a dear, departed friend. When I ran into the Internet problem,
I thought it would be an appropriate gesture to name it the Parker
Paradox in Uncle Bubba's honor.
"Besides, calling it the 'Inaugural Enigma' would have caused
me problems...serious problems."
The Cowboy and the Shadow were staring into each
other's eyes, a direct connection with no walls between them.
They were alone in their own private universe. A galaxy where
there was no past, no future, only the present...and no need
for games. A universe of two-but where only one would survive.
The Cowboy took a long pull off the bottle of Jack
Daniel's and turned his gaze to the Shadow once again.
"D'Shauneaux never did figure out who you really are, you
know. He never knew that he had come face to face with Gomez...and
walked away alive."
The Shadow's stare hardened, turning barren and harsh,
boiling with a violent fury. The Cowboy now knew he was right.
He was staring into the gateway of the Desolate Place...he
was gazing into the eyes of Gomez himself.
Knowing that he had the Shadow off-balance, he continued,
"You made a mistake letting D'Shauneaux live, you know. He
stood by and watched while you let C.J. Parker slip right through
your fingers."
Gomez felt the room spinning.
"You never should have sent that Mountie
away for 'debriefing'. That was all a part of the plan. "That's why your men never came back......I
killed them."
Gomez shot out of his chair, his countenance vile,
his eyes blazing with a raging fury of astonishment, terror and
"P3! Procedure 3!" he shouted. The Dark Allies charged into the room, mowing down
the Masters of Antiquity in one swift, efficient maneuver. Then
they turned and leveled their weapons on the Cowboy, waiting for
the man with the eyes of cold blue steel to give a signal-one
way or the other.
For the first time in a millennium, Gomez didn't know what to
do. Every fiber of his mind, body and emotions screamed at him
to remove the threat. The Cowboy...C.J. Parker...whoever
the hell he was...he must die.
Only eons of experience held him back, allowing him
to hang on to his awareness of the small, clear voice that warned
him to wait, warned him not to act hastily. Gomez paused, knowing
that it was essential for him to act rationally and remain in
"Take him to Number Nine, Level Eleven,"
he roared at his men.
"His name is Arnold. Watch him as if your lives depended
on it," he warned them, his face growing sullen, his voice
deep and somber, "...because they do." Gomez turned his back to them, dismissing them with
a wave of his hand. He needed time to think. Suddenly, everything
had changed.
The Cowboy groaned in pain as Gomez's henchmen slammed
him into the back wall of the elevator. They had no idea who he
was, but the Shadow's instructions had left no doubt that he was
not to be killed, but to be watched scrupulously. The Dark Allies
saw no reason, however, why they couldn't hurt him very, very
The Cowboy tried to ignore the searing bolt of pain
that came each time they kicked him during the elevator ride to
the basement parking garage. He had bought himself some time.
It was a perilous game he was playing but he was still alive,
so it was a game that was working. The next move was up to Gomez
and the Cowboy knew he would move slowly and cautiously. Arnold. He'd had worse
Chapter 16 - Shadow

@_date: 1997-03-25 04:22:47
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Re: remailer spam throttle 
All remailer owners have full permission to use my dev.null
server as their From address.
  I have a highly efficient staff at my command and I can assure everyone that their replies will be discarded in the
order that they are received.
"He who shits on the road, will meet flies upon his return."

@_date: 1997-03-26 16:06:20
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 17-18 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Bubba was sitting quietly, contemplating
the meaning of the conversation that he had engaged in with Alexis
the previous evening, while they were awaiting Priscilla's return
from the 'initiation' of a new member of the mythical 'Circle
of Eunuchs'.
Alexis, though fully aware of the sublime
connection that existed between herself and the Cowboy, still
had little idea of the full ramifications of many of the things
she instinctively 'knew' or 'felt' regarding their relationship
and the bond between them. There were 'levels of upon levels'
of meanings to everything surrounding this great battle that was
currently being enacted across the face of the earth-perhaps for
the last time-and it fell upon Bubba to extract every ounce of
meaning from every detail, to sort and sift every microcosmic
nuance of every single item of information that pertained to the
ongoing battle of wits taking place between the 'Magic Circle'
and the 'Dark Forces' that they opposed.
There were two details, in particular, that
were bothering him at this point in time. The first was Alexis's
statement of the night before.
"I know that the Cowboy and I are perhaps not meant to have
a 'real' relationship, in this life, anyway. I understand
that, Bubba. I know that there's something we're involved with
that goes beyond the personal affairs of the individual participants
in a grander scheme of things.
"But I'm really mad that the one chance that he had
to acknowledge me, the one opportunity for him to acknowledge
us, he had to be such a...such a..."
"Such a man.", Bubba had
finished the thought for her.
"Yes!", Alexis had cried out,
satisfied that Bubba had helped her hit the nail exactly on the
head. "And I'm going to give him 'Holy Hell' about it, the
next time I see him.", she continued, resolutely.
Bubba, 'three sheets to the wind', at the
time, had noticed the discrepancy in her statements, and made
note to himself to resolve it later. And now was later.
Alexis instinctively 'knew' that she would
not be seeing the Cowboy again-ever-but she was blissfully 'unaware'
of knowing it, just the same. Thus she could talk about never
seeing him again, and then turn around and talk about the next
time she saw him.
Ignorance is bliss, in many an instance, and Bubba was
grateful that the 'powers that be' were allowing her this blissful
ignorance, while bringing this fact to Bubba's attention, regardless.
This did not bode well. Especially given
the second fact that was troubling Bubba. Priscilla had failed
to return from her previous night's rendezvous with a new member
of the 'Circle'. This did not bode well, at all.
Bubba's concern about Priscilla was allayed,
however, when she came in later, joined Bubba at his table for
a short drink, without the customary 'peck' on his cheek, and
left abruptly, with no meaningful conversation having taken place.
The 'explanation' for what changes were being wrought in the grand
scheme of things would obviously come from another.
Bubba waited...and watched...and waited...
It was several hours before Alexis came
in, stopping to converse, and flirt, with a few of the other patrons
before joining "my favorite old geezer," as she loudly
proclaimed to one and all, at his table in the corner. She gave
Bubba a warm hug and leaned to kiss him fondly on the cheek, whispering
in his ear,
"How's my favorite Uncle, today?" "Fine, my dear, just fine."
He gave her a fatherly kiss on the forehead,
in return, disturbed by her message, but somehow relieved that
the 'game' that had been played for centuries between the 'Circle'
and the 'Dark Forces' had finally moved onward, past the point
of no return.
The Cowboy had finally set in motion what
was likely to be the final match in a contest that had spanned
millennium-the battle between the forces of light and the forces
of darkness on the cosmic sphere known as Earth-the battle for
the souls of men.
And this battle, Bubba was certain, was for 'all the marbles'-the
souls of all mankind.
"God help us all.", Bubba thought,
inwardly, as Alexis sat and waited for a sign from him as to what
he needed of her, from this point on.
"Have you got time to sit and flirt
with a lecherous old geezer with evil intentions, my dear?"
Alexis gave Bubba an affectionate hug, and
ran a finger slowly and flirtatiously down his chest, to his navel.
She blew him a kiss and laughed like a little schoolgirl playing
with fire and enjoying the danger. She was glad Bubba needed her
to be with him a while, because there was a strange heaviness
reaching for her from afar, and she needed a point of stability
to lean on, to share that heaviness.
Bubba brought out a deck of cards, as he
did on very rare occasions, and they played silently, while Bubba
concentrated his thoughts on the developing situation, reading,
as best as possible, at the same time, the energy coming from
the affinity between Alexis and the Cowboy.
Alexis, after winning several hands of a
game she had never played before, a game she knew nothing about,
but one which she suddenly, instinctively, knew how to play, asked
Bubba the name of the game.
"Pitch.", he replied.
"Pitch, with the 'Bitch'?", Alexis
asked, quizzically.
Bubba smiled, a genuine, joyous, earth-shaking
smile, and Alexis smiled with him.
"What are we playing for?", Alexis
asked, teasing Bubba with a cute, quizzical look.
"We're playing for all the marbles.",
he replied, giving her a wink.
And somewhere, on the softness of the breeze
that wafted gently, inexplicably across the room, a voice from
far away whispered,
"We're 'Shooting the Moon', boys and
girls. We're shooting the moon."
Shooting the Moon
I need to get out of here. Soon...very soon.
Schultz goes back on duty at Level Two next week,
Jesus  and Jesus  are driving me crazy, and I know that Gomez
has something nasty up his sleeve by now.
I've spent a major portion of my life orienting my
every action towards making sure that I leave a cold trail behind
me, but now I'm a 'link'. A link to the past, a link to the present,
and a link to the Magic Circle...the Circle of Eunuchs.
I'm fairly certain what Gomez will do now. He'll
seed the InterNet with clues and messages regarding my situation
and my location, hoping someone in the Circle will follow the
trail and make an attempt to break me out of here.
They wouldn't, of course, I had made sure of that
with my reference to 'Uncle Bubba'. Gomez knew, knew absolutely,
that this was impossible, but he would have to check it out-I
was sure of that. It was the whole foundation upon which I had
based the dangerous game I had set in motion. If I was wrong...
No! I couldn't even think about that possibility. I had told him
everything. I knew the moment his henchmen had grabbed me that
I was out of the loop, with no way to get a message to the Circle.
My only hope was to find a way to get Gomez to deliver the message
It was a desperate gambit. 'Shooting the Moon', we
used to call it in my youth. Dad and mom used to take us to Wichita, a mid-western
city in Kansas, in the former United States of America. One of
dad's six sisters, Marjorie, lived there with her husband and
family. Alia and Larry and I used to stay up all night playing
cards with our cousins, Bob and Ronnie Springsteen. Those were
the glory days. It was a time and a place that was as close as one could get to
'heaven on earth'. It was a time of peace and prosperity, living
in the greatest nation on earth. A time and place where children
were blessed beyond belief. Food was plentiful, affluence was
the norm, education was free. The 'Great American Dream' was possible
for anybody, harder for some than others to attain, but still
possible. It was all we knew. We thought that was how life
had always been and how it was meant to be. We never knew...
If only we had known...
The game was called 'Pitch'. Fifty-two cards dealt
to four players. Each hand called a 'trick'. There were four suits,
diamonds, hearts, clubs and spades. We would bid on how many tricks
we thought we could win, and the high bid got to name 'trump'.
Trump was the suit that ruled over the other suits. Trump was
boss-hog...except for the 'Bitch'.
When a suit was 'led' (the first card played in each
hand), you had to 'follow suit' (play the cards you had in that
suit). If you had no cards in that suit, then you could play 'trump'
and win the hand.
Four players, divided into two teams, the members
of each team being 'partners'. The partner's fates were intertwined-fellow
warriors joined in battle against the other two players. They
lived together and they died together, symbolically speaking,
with the fate of each depending on the other. There was only one
catch...the bidding was 'blind', you had no idea what kind
of cards your partner was holding.
I know...I know. You think we were crazy. You
are wondering what could possibly be the point of a structural
procedure whose successful outcome depended upon haphazard conjecture
founded upon an inadequate substructure of informative data.
The only answer I can give you is via a colloquialism
of the time...'you just had to be there'.
I realize that in WebWorld data accuracy and structural
integrity is paramount. 'Everything is the norm, and the norm is everything'.
We didn't have that saying back then. That was a concept we called
'fascism', or 'totalitarianism'. It was a notion that was considered
a great evil in our time.
Yes, I know. You think I'm 'pulling your leg', as
we used to say, but it's true. In order to understand the concept
of what we called 'games', back then, you need to get clear in
your mind that they were not, as I know you are thinking of them,
a matter of 'random chance'. I realize that you have been programmed by your Channel,
from early childhood, to think of any deviation from 'total information
accuracy maintenance' as a sign of mental imbalance, but I implore
you to attempt to free your minds from your Channel orientation
for the briefest of moments-just long enough to understand and
give consideration to the concept I am trying to explain.
I know it's blasphemy. I know that the whole concept is totally
contrary to 'Channel Logic', but believe me when I tell you that
it is your only hope to escape from an evil that lurks in the
heart of all you have been raised to believe as sacred and true.
The card games we played back then were not like
we have today. Today the cards are dealt 'face up', the players
then studying the cards and reaching mutual agreement as to who
has the better hand.
Even so, card games today are considered a foolish activity, an
archaic holdover from the past that is mostly indulged in by the
inmates at the psychiatric facilities, but there is a subtle difference
from the way we played back then.
The games of the Before Channel era were a combination
of information analysis and random chance. Their very essence
was established on the concept of a consummate symmetry of haphazard
circumstance and the certitude of the absolute.
'Pitch', with the 'Bitch', was the consummate game
of my childhood.
The 'Bitch' was the 'Black Bitch'-the Queen of Spades.
Ron and Bob had a black Springer Spaniel, a bitch,
who had developed a taste for cards. Once, when I had given her
hell for destroying a new deck I had broken out, she came up to
me shortly afterward, offering me a slightly chewed card she held
in her mouth, as a peace offering. It was the Queen of Spades.
My uncle Bill, consoling me because I had to spend the last of
my allowance buying a new deck, spun me a tale about how Lady
Luck had given me a sign, by sending the Black Bitch to me via
the black bitch, and that the Queen of Spades, which was so unlucky
for others, would be lucky for me.
I believed him then, and I still believe him now.
I suppose that I ought to tell you how Pitch was
played, for you to understand the significance of just why the
Bitch was feared by those who played the game.
There were twenty-six points to be won in each game.
A point for each hand taken, and thirteen points for the Queen
of Spades. But the Queen of Spades was a two-edged sword.
If you 'made' your bid, getting at least as many tricks as you
had bid, then you got that many points, but thirteen points were
subtracted for the 'Bitch' if it were among the tricks
you had won. If you failed to reach the required number of points
you had bid, then you went 'set' and lost the corresponding number
of points.
'Shooting the Moon' meant you declared your intention
to take all the tricks, including the 'Bitch', and your final
score was doubled. You got thirteen points for the tricks, and
the Queen of Spades counted as thirteen points in your favor.
If you failed to win all the tricks, however, you went 'set' to
the tune of 26 points.
 So when you 'Shot the Moon', then you won 'big-time' or
you lost 'big-time'.
We would cut the cards to decide who would be partners
in each game and there was invariably a groan from the person
who was unfortunate enough to become partners with 'yours truly'.
I was the crazy one, lunging into battle, time and
time again, with a complete disregard for the pragmatic status
which the cards conveyed to anyone with the sensibility to base
their play even remotely within the bounds of reason and rationality.
My divinely inspired strategy for bidding was based on my complete
conviction that Lady Luck was my SoulMate-the Yin to my Yang-and
that she was my protector and guardian. I based my whole bidding
strategy on the assumption that Lady Luck's love would never fail
I lost a lot of games, dragging my partners down with me, but
I never lost my passion for 'Shooting the Moon'.
Time and time again my partner and I would be sucked
down into the void, going 'set' on my asinine bids. But there
were also times when I could do no wrong, when Lady Luck would
smile down on me in all her beatific glory. Times when the Moon
was my eternal lover.
With the full moon shining beatifically down upon us, my partner
and I would 'slam' our foes ceaselessly, trick after trick, game
after game, in a savage onslaught of bestial, untamed power. I would 'Shoot the Moon' with a hand incapable of
winning a single trick and watch our opponents wail in despair
as they struggled in a futile battle where all they could do was
watch my dumfounded partner capture trick upon trick with a hand
he or she would have been a fool to bid on. They would watch in
a state of numbed disbelief as the impossible was transformed-by
the divine alchemy of Lady Luck-into the inevitable.
You may be wondering what the point of this childhood
story is and, to tell the truth, I'm kind of wondering myself.
One of the great story-tellers of our time, a man
named Herman Hesse, once said, "We make our gods,
and do battle with them...and they bless us."
I believe in Lady Luck and I believe in the Power
of Myth. I believe that Lady Luck loved me and blessed me because
I desired her and created her...with love.
I believe that we created the reality of WebWorld, not
the other way around, and that it is we, not WebTV, that
is sacred. And I believe in the Magic Circle, because......
Because...without the Magic Circle...we are
I have never lost the crazy side of my temperament,
but I have matured over the years, sometimes to the point of almost
being mistaken for an adult. I've learned the wisdom of being
mindful of the laws of actuality which govern the universe in
which we live. I've acquired the ability to act with discretion
and be heedful of the need for caution in matters of great importance.
But I've also learned that the Power of Myth is the
cornerstone of the 'Inaugural Enigma'. Mythos is the 'Black Bitch'
of the universe...it's the wildcard in the game of life. Once again I find myself 'Shooting the Moon' (without
a winning card in my hand), in a deadly game that may well decide
the fate of mankind.
Gomez, my sworn enemy, is my partner. We live together or we die
together. The hand is his to play. I told him everything, gave
him every reason to believe that he holds all the cards. Spades
are trump, and he's holding the Ace and King. I've given him every
reason to believe he's holding the Queen as well, and, in a way,
he is.
But the Lake of Life has started to turn over. The
bottom is rising to the top, the top is descending to the bottom,
and everything is becoming the opposite of what it seems to be.
Gomez holds the Queen of Spades, but he will lose
the game if he plays it.
You see, 'Uncle Bubba' is the wild card. 'Uncle Bubba'
is the 'Bitch'.
Chapter 17 - Pitch / Chapter 18 - Shooting the Moon

@_date: 1997-03-27 10:34:04
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Higher Sources / Index 
Title: Higher Source - Web Site Design And Programming
JAVA / VRML / GRAPHICS
Email US hsce
Visitors

@_date: 1997-03-27 10:34:13
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Heaven's Gate / Main 
Title: Services: Website Design Graphic Design Audio/Video
source for their informational needs, we at Higher Source not only cater to
customizing websites that will enhance your company image, but strive to make
your transition into the "world of cyberspace" a very easy and fascinating
experience.  Higher Source's Internet World Wide Web services include:
of Web browser applications.  Designing a Web page that looks great on a PC or
a Mac and with different browser technologies takes time-tested experience.
Our highly skilled designers are aware of the latest tricks of the trade,
including the latest Internet multimedia presentation technology.
most elusive Web surfer.  Graphics can also slow website loading time to a
boring crawl and cause potential customers to look elsewhere.  Our Website
designers know what it takes to work within these parameters and any
budget to give your website the desired impact.  Whether using stock or custom
photography, cutting-edge computer graphics, or plain HTML text, Higher Source
can go from "cool" to "corporate" like a chameleon.
need to offer advanced products and services.  The Web is a perfect match for
Multimedia presentation, from 3D animation to full-motion video and audio.  We
stay current with multimedia technologies from AVI and Quicktime to ShockWave
and Java.
The Film and Music industries have welcomed the Internet with open arms as an
inexpensive and innovative new medium for exposure.  With better technology
being introduced almost monthly, TV and Internet will soon be all inclusive.
over personal and corporate security.  Many users are unaware of how vulnerable
they are to others with questionable ethics.  Higher Source offers consultation
and training on systems using secure transactions and electronic
communications.  This knowledge will help de-mystify the inner workings of the
Net, increase your confidence, and ensure safety in all of your Internet
development projects in both large and small systems environments and in a
variety of languages.  Chances are your cellular phone or pager company uses
programs designed by our team of professionals.  So do many banks and other
major corporations.
inherent speed, security, and application potential.
         Databus
with local and wide area networks, intranet setup, helpdesk design and
other state-of-the-art technologies.  We're proficient with Windows 95/NT,
Novell Netware, and Unix, to name a few.  Our "hands-on" consultants and
engineers can also help you with digital phone systems, computer telephony,
hardware/software installation, cabling, troubleshooting, and training.  Higher
Source is very much "in tune" with the current pulse and future direction of
for over 20 years.  During those years, each of us has developed a high degree
of skill and know-how through personal discipline and concerted effort.  We try
to stay positive in every circumstance and put the good of a project above any
personal concerns or artistic egos.  By sustaining this attitude and conduct,
we have achieved a high level of efficiency and quality in our work.  This
crew-minded effort, combined with ingenuity and creativity, have helped us
provide advanced solutions at highly competitive rates.
A Few Sample Websites!
"Pre-Madonna"   Live CD samples, CD sales "Keep The Faith"  Online CD sales catalog, audio samples, shopping cart, Discussion Forums, Live 3D Avatar Chat Rooms "Kushner-Locke"   Film production industry, corporate portfolio "San Diego  Polo Club" Polo Club online "1800 Harmony"  Audio, Online Ordering, Animation "British Masters" Online sales of British Cars and accessories "Samia Rose Topiary" Custom and tabletop topiaries available JAVA / VRML / GRAPHICS
Email US hsce
Or           font

@_date: 1997-03-28 13:29:27
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 19 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Jonathan rubbed his temples, for the thousandth time, leaned back
in his chair, and rolled his head back and forth, easing the strain
on his neck and back muscles, which were wound tight as a drum
from endless hours of exhausting analysis of emails, CyberPosts,
keyword searches and traffic analysis reports which stretched
over the course of history starting with the birth of the Author
of "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" and ending with the
death of the CypherPunks.
Access to the Cowboy's files had led to a discovery that would
have shocked both the Masters of Antiquity, and scientists and
engineers around the world.
Apparently, HydroCube storage technology had been in existence
for some time before its official announcement by BabyGates Technology.
The Kid, as she was called, had been the daughter, lover, or employee
of the richest man in the world, depending on which version of
this era you believed. Her star had risen, even as Microsoft's
star had begun to fall, mostly as a result of her development
of the HydroCube, with its nearly infinite data-storage capacity.
Now, however, Jonathan was wondering if she hadn't actually discovered
the HydroCube long before previously thought, and made it available
to those working in the background on the InterNet, to fight against
the monopolizing power held by government and large corporations
during the early days of the CypherPunks.
And now, Jonathan had reason to believe that the Kid had actually
been a member of the CypherPunks, masquerading under the pseudonym
of Blanc Weber.
What's more, examination of her private email revealed to Jonathan
her close connection to another CypherPunk named Alec, who, in
turn, seemed to have some unknown relationship with the Author,
since he had the Author's PGP Public Key for 'sog' in his pubring.pgp
file. Possession of the 'sog' Public Key, a variation of the 'son
of gomez' key, was very rare, as Jonathan had found in his data
This apparent connection between the Circle of Eunuchs, the CypherPunks,
and BabyGates Technology was the only explanation that Jonathan
could find for the fact that he now had access to every bit and
byte of data that had ever traveled the InterNet since January
19, 1997 AD.
Jonathan shook off his reverie, and returned his attention to
the task at hand.
He was studying a trail of TruthMonger posts that had been sent
to the CypherPunks and Freedom-Knights lists, among others, shortly
after the CypherPunks list had moved off of the toad.com server,
and onto several others, forming a distributed list.
The TruthMonger persona was historically known as the first multi-user
pseudonym, one which appeared shortly after the original meeting
of the Circle of Eunuchs, according to legend.
Once an individual had posted an opinion, using the TruthMonger
persona, anyone who wished could follow up on that post, using
the same persona. The only non-enforceable 'requirements' for
using the pseudonym were that the first post should contain some
element of thinly veiled humor, and subsequent posts by others
should start out with logic and flow consistent with the previous
post before moving in the direction of the current author's predilections.
Often, a series of TruthMonger posts would start out from one
perspective, gradually move to its polar opposite, and then wind
its way circuitously back to the original frame of perspective,
but having gathered a much larger scope of perception along the
TruthMonger posts tended to defy any attempts at categorization
by even the most proficient of traffic analysts, much to their
chagrin. As well, other shadowy entities sometimes leapt into
the fray, posting counterpoints to the TruthMonger missives, or
doing a winding dance of agreement and/or disagreement with the
various authors.
The persona was handy for those who sometimes felt the need to
step out of their own skin and argue from a point of view which
might be considered by some to be inconsistent with their usual
personality. It was considered shallow and rude, however, for
one to use the persona to reply directly to their own posts, although
they could play devil's advocate against themselves if someone
who supported their public position quoted them in a post.
And now, Jonathan found himself staring at a humorous spin-off
in a series of posts involving the traditional TruthMonger posts,
and some parallel posts by an entity or entities known as Dr.

@_date: 1997-03-28 18:51:29
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 20 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Gomez sat quietly in the dark, struggling to bring
his mind to a razor-sharp focus. The game was now afoot and every
move was crucial. There was no room for mistakes. The outcome
of the Final Battle would be determined, in the long run, by the
decisions he made today.
It was a ruse. It had to be a ruse. It was
illogical-impossible-that the Cowboy could be the nephew of D'Shauneaux.
Or that he could truly be C.J. Parker, for that matter.
Furthermore, it made no sense that he would
make the claim, whether it was true or not. If the claim were true, then it meant that the Cowboy had deliberately
given Gomez confirmation of the one, essential thing he needed
to know absolutely-beyond shadow of a doubt-before he could stand
in front of the Council of Darkness and announce, in his crowning
act of glory, that plans for the Final Battle could proceed. If true, it meant that the Circle of Eunuchs truly existed, and
thus they could finally be destroyed.
If the Cowboy's claim were false, then it was the
desperate ploy of a beaten man...a vanquished foe who was attempting,
with his last dying gasp of breath, to prolong the myth of the
Circle of Eunuchs.
If false, it was a confirmation that plans for the Final Battle
had been delayed for the better part of a Century as the result
of a fictitious manuscript written by drunken lunatic with the
brazen insolence to use the nom-de-plume 'Son of Gomez'. Gomez burst from his chair, screaming, knocking over
the antique oak desk and scattering its contents across the floor.
He stormed around the room in a blind fury, smashing everything
in his path, howling inhumanly, and shrieking with such intensity
that it sent shivers down the spines of even the Dark Allies who
were waiting beyond the door.
This vile, filthy little human creature would die
a slow and painful death. The Cowboy would feel the wrath of Gomez,
dying gradually, piece by piece, with greater agony than any man
had felt since the beginning of time.
Gomez paused to remember the look that had come over the Cowboy's
face when he thought Bubba Rom Dos had been slain, and the Shadow
knew that Bubba would die first...slowly, with the Cowboy watching.
Gomez sank to the floor behind the overturned desk,
breathing in heavy spasms, the last tremors of rage subsiding
from his quivering frame. Yes, he was feeling much better now. The thoughts
of watching those fools suffering the torment of a death that
would refuse them, no matter how strongly they beckoned for it
to come and give them relief...these were the thoughts that
calmed him and gave him great pleasure.
Gomez reached into the liquor cabinet and took out
the bottle from Bubba's Private Reserve, sipping it slowly as
he gathered his thoughts.
He felt the warm glow of certainty wash over him as he basked
in the knowledge that he now held the key to the puzzling maze
that had confounded him for years. The intricate labyrinth that
had been woven around the legend of the 'Magic Circle'
would now be unraveled and exposed for the fabrication it had
really always been.
Yes, the reference to 'Uncle Bubba' was a ruse. It
was an extraordinarily ingenious artifice of deception, but a
ruse, nonetheless.
The Cowboy had set it up shrewdly-brilliantly, as
a matter of fact-but he had been forced to give up all the cards
he held in a drastic attempt to slip one wildcard into the deck.
Yes, everything that the Cowboy had told him-everything except
for the one item he had let slip with such seeming casual indifference-was
true. The Cowboy had played upon Gomez's vanity and proclivity
for absolute, unfailing control of everything in his dominion.
He had counted on Gomez's shock and rage to divert his attention
from the 'one big lie'.
Gomez went over the conversation countless times,
blow by blow, in his mind, until he had found the weak point in
the Cowboy's carefully laid trail of deceit.
The Cowboy had put him off-balance from the start
by his audacity in confronting him with the presupposition that
he was the Shadow. It was a bold opening, indicating the devil-may-care
impudence of a man already certain of his own impending death.
Gomez had sensed that this brazen upstart was about
to commit a blunder common to even the best of men by using his
'deathbed confession' to taunt his enemy, and Gomez had made the
mistake of letting down his guard in order to enjoy watching this
vain little creature 'strut' to his doom.
A point for the Cowboy.
Then the Cowboy had tickled Gomez's interest with
the story of Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux's long and winding trail
of perplexity before he realized the true reason he had been allowed
to live. Gomez had always been amazed that a man of the Vice-Admiral's
experience took so long to recognized the obvious. This was the
main reason he held the opinion that there was little danger in
using D'Shauneaux as a decoy to attempt drawing members of the
Circle out of the shadows and into his sights.
The Cowboy had waited until Gomez was engrossed in
the aspect of human anomaly that he cherished most-the sheer abject
terror of the moment when silly, blind fools like D'Shauneaux
finally realized the true existence of an indescribable evil that
lies in wait at the very heart of everyday existence-and then
he 'let slip' the 'bomb' about "Uncle Bubba". Gomez
was stunned.
Point two for the Cowboy. He was playing a game of 'Pitch' and
he was on a roll. The Cowboy knew he had the momentum and he used it
well, hitting Gomez with his knowledge of the "Inaugural
Enigma" before he could recover from the bombshell of the
previous revelation.
Point three for the Cowboy, but a point that would cost him dearly.
This was a disclosure which would not only make the Cowboy's death
an absolute certainty, but would also guarantee him barbaric torture
of a horrendous magnitude.
Hurling himself headlong into the abyss, the Cowboy
had 'declared his bid' by going past the point of no return...he
was 'Shooting the Moon'.
The Cowboy realized that he had arrived at the
pivotal point-the crux upon which everything hangs in the balance.
His next move was crucial. It would determine whether his self-predestined
death would be poignant or ignominious. (Gomez had not suspected
that he was here by choice, not by chance. He had been warned
of the Shadow's plan and had let himself be taken.) The Cowboy
knew that his ensuing move would establish whether he was man
of great wisdom, making the supreme sacrifice, or an unbelievably
half-witted moron who had just fucked away a perfectly good life
for no apparent reason.
And he loved every minute of it.
The Cowboy had only one axiom that he had stuck
with through thick and thin-a maxim that had served him well over
the years. It was a maxim he had gleaned from Rod Laver, the premier
tennis champion of his era: "Never change a winning game,
and always change a losing game."
The Cowboy was face to face with evil incarnate
and the tension in the room was at the breaking point. He had
Gomez on the ropes, and was moving at a blistering pace. Every
atom of the Cowboy's heart, mind and body screamed at him to seize
the moment and move in for the kill.
Only the prehistoric, primordial ember-the quiescent spark
that lies hidden deep in the soul of every temporal living creature-only
that divine ember felt the soft, gentle breeze. It was the whisper
of the Tao that has reverberated throughout the universe since
the beginning of time. The whisper that every creature, in his
own place and time, hears in his own unique way.
"The bottom is rising to the top, the top
is sinking to the bottom. Everything is changing and becoming
its opposite. Pursue the paradox and you will reach the enigma."
That's what the Cowboy heard.
So the Cowboy did what defied all logic. He paused...and
changed the game.
They were eye to eye, in their own private universe,
playing for all the marbles. Gomez, who was being hurled about
in a maze of bewilderment, was shaken harder by the pause than
he was by the motion. He was no longer 'toying' with a fool, he
was locked in battle with a deadly enemy.
A universe of two, where only one will survive. Gomez had used the pause to still his rage and let
the flames of his anger turn to ice in his veins. He reminded
himself that he was looking at a 'dead man'. This egotistical,
brazen mortal would learn what all who had 'tried and died' before
him had learned-Gomez eats the weak.
The new game was 'Winners Bluff', and the Cowboy
had just raised the stakes.
He had been playing with reckless abandon, with the
air of a man who knew he had victory in hand, and the Cowboy had
reached the 'vanity point' in the game, where the arrogant lay
their cards down face-up for their opponent to see, and say "Read
'em, and weep."
But the Cowboy had paused...to double the stakes. 'Winners Bluff' is the most heartless gambit that
exists in the gambler's universe. It's an in-your-face maneuver
that's the height of cruelty. It is when the person who undoubtedly
holds the winning hand offers to fold, or to double the stakes-leaving
the decision up to his opponent.
You may be absolutely certain that he or she holds
the winning cards, but they're forcing you to 'pay' to see them.
They're offering you the pot-offering to fold a winning hand-but
they're also suggesting that you don't have the courage
double the stakes.
Your opponent is laying his balls on the table and challenging
you to do the same.
You can decline to call his bluff-and take the pot-but you lose
your balls in the process. Because there's always a chance-a cubic
centimeter of chance-that he's one card short. There's just the
slimmest of chances that he's folding a losing hand and spitting
in your face in the process. But you've got to 'pay to play'. If you don't call
his bluff, you don't see his cards...and you'll never know.
You'll always wonder...but you'll never know.
Gomez, boiling inside with stone-cold fury, had accepted
the challenge, watching impatiently as the Cowboy lingered to
take a drink and roll a cigarette, and he waited, with fiery,
ice-cold veins, for the Cowboy to continue.
More points for the Cowboy, and Gomez had none.
But the Cowboy's haughtiness had cost him. He had given Gomez
time to compose himself, time to regain his self-control. And
Gomez steeled himself-he would not lose his composure again!
The next three tricks came back-to-back, shattering
Gomez to the core. The Cowboy had picked up right where he left off,
with an earth-shaking bombshell...he had played a 'long shot'
and guessed that the Shadow was Gomez. No mortal had ever
discovered that on his own. It was Gomez who revealed
himself, shaking them with a terror that burned to the bottom
of their mortal soul.
"D'Shauneaux never did figure out who you
really are, you know. He never knew that he had come face to face
with Gomez...and walked away alive.
This insolent worm knew full well who Gomez was,
and he didn't care, in the least, that he was hurling insults
in the face of the Evil One's chosen.
He would 'burn in hell' for it!
"You made a mistake letting D'Shauneaux live,
you know. He stood by and watched while you let C.J. Parker slip
right through your fingers."
The Author, C.J. Parker was alive!
"You never should have sent that Mountie
away for 'debriefing'.
That's why your men never came back......I killed them."
"I'm C.J. Parker, and I'm sitting here spitting
in your face."
Game, set and match. A Grand Slam for the Cowboy.
Gomez had gone 'nuclear' when he found himself ostensibly
sitting face to face with the one human whose inconceivably outrageous
act of insolence had forced postponement of the Grand Design for
so many years.
Everything had been put in place...everything! And all
had been for naught because of an insignificant flea on the butt
of the universe, who had the unmitigated gall to use 'son of gomez'
as his nome de plume. For nearly a century Gomez's plans had been stalled
by his inability to substantiate his conviction that the Circle
of Eunuchs was a complete fabrication, an inconsequential crumb
of fiction spawned by a degenerate piece of pond-scum whose psychotic
delusions were making a mockery of the omnipotent power of the
'Evil One' and the dark forces that were His to command.
But the Council of Darkness had remained unequivocal
on this point. The Final Battle would not be set in motion until
victory was guaranteed. No potential impediment, regardless of
how small or insignificant it seemed, would be allowed to stand
in the way of the absolute consummation of the Evil One's grand
The Dark Council's dictum was loud and clear. The
Circle of Eunuchs must be proven, beyond shadow of a doubt, to
be a myth of a madman, or they must be sought out and destroyed
before the trumpet would blare and the opening salvo of Armageddon
would begin.
But, finally, Gomez had what he needed to prove or
disprove the Magic Circle's existence after all these years...he
had the Author.
Chapter 20 - Gomez

@_date: 1997-03-30 15:14:34
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 21 
Title: Bubba was sitting quietly, contemplating the meaning of the conversation that he had engaged in with Alexis the previous evening, while they were awaiting Priscilla's return from the 'initiation' of a new member of the mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
All The Marbles
Bubba was sitting quietly, contemplating
the meaning of the conversation that he had engaged in with Alexis
the previous evening, while they were awaiting Priscilla's return
from the 'initiation' of a new member of the mythical 'Circle
of Eunuchs'.
Alexis, though fully aware of the sublime
connection that existed between herself and the Cowboy, still
had little idea of the full ramifications of many of the things
she instinctively 'knew' or 'felt' regarding their relationship
and the bond between them. There were 'levels of upon levels'
of meanings to everything surrounding this great battle that was
currently being enacted across the face of the earth-perhaps for
the last time-and it fell upon Bubba to extract every ounce of
meaning from every detail, to sort and sift every microcosmic
nuance of every single item of information that pertained to the
ongoing battle of wits taking place between the 'Magic Circle'
and the 'Dark Forces' that they opposed.
There were two details, in particular, that
were bothering him at this point in time.
The first was Alexis's statements of the
night before.
"I know that the Cowboy and I are perhaps
not meant to have a 'real' relationship, in this life,
anyway. I understand that, Bubba. I know that there's something
we're involved with that goes beyond the personal affairs of the
individual participants in a grander scheme of things.
"But I'm really mad that the one chance that he had
to acknowledge me, the one opportunity for him to acknowledge
us, he had to be such a...such a..."
"Such a man.", Bubba had
finished the thought for her.
"Yes!", Alexis had cried out,
satisfied that Bubba had helped her hit the nail exactly on the
head. "And I'm going to give him 'Holy Hell' about it, the
next time I see him.", she continued, resolutely.
Bubba, 'three sheets to the wind', at the
time, had noticed the discrepancy in her statements, and made
note to himself to resolve it later. And now was later.
Alexis instinctively 'knew' that she would not be seeing the Cowboy
again-ever-but she was blissfully 'unaware' of knowing it, just
the same. Ignorance is bliss, in many an instance, and
Bubba was grateful that the 'powers that be' were allowing her
this blissful ignorance, while bringing this fact to Bubba's attention,
This did not bode well. Especially given the second fact that
was troubling Bubba. Priscilla had failed to return from her previous
night's rendezvous with a new member of the 'Circle'.
This did not bode well, at all.
Priscilla came in, after a bit, joined Bubba
at his table for a short drink, without the customary 'peck' on
his cheek, and left abruptly, with no meaningful conversation
having taken place. The 'explanation' for what changes were being
wrought in the grand scheme of things would obviously come from
Bubba waited...and watched...and waited...
It was several hours before Alexis came
in, stopping to converse, and flirt, with a few of the other patrons
before joining "my favorite old geezer," as she loudly
proclaimed to one and all, at his table in the corner. She gave
Bubba a warm hug and leaned to kiss him fondly on the cheek, whispering
in his ear,
"How's my favorite Uncle, today?"
"Fine, my dear, just fine."
He gave her a fatherly kiss on the forehead,
in return, disturbed by her message, but somehow relieved that
the 'game' that had been played for centuries between the 'Circle'
and the 'Dark Forces' had finally moved onward, past the point
of no return.
The Cowboy had finally set in motion what
was likely to be the final match in a contest that had spanned
millennium-the battle between the forces of light and the forces
of darkness on the cosmic sphere known as Earth-the battle for
the souls of men.
And this battle, Bubba was certain, was
for 'all the marbles'-the souls of all mankind.
"God help us all.", Bubba thought,
inwardly, as Alexis sat and waited for a sign from him as to what
he needed of her, from this point on.
"Have you got time to sit and flirt with a lecherous old
geezer with evil intentions, my dear?"
Alexis gave Bubba an affectionate hug, and
ran a finger slowly and flirtatiously down his chest, to his navel.
She blew him a kiss and laughed like a little schoolgirl playing
with fire and enjoying the danger. She was glad Bubba needed her
to be with him a while, because there was a strange heaviness
reaching for her from afar, and she needed a point of stability
to lean on, to share that heaviness.
Bubba brought out a deck of cards, as he
did on very rare occasions, and they played silently, while Bubba
concentrated his thoughts on the developing situation, reading,
as best as possible, at the same time, the energy coming from
the affinity between Alexis and the Cowboy.
Alexis, after winning several hands of a game she had never played
before, a game she knew nothing about, but one which she suddenly,
instinctively, knew how to play, asked Bubba the name of the game.
"Pitch.", he replied.
"Pitch, with the 'Bitch'?", Alexis
asked, quizzically.
Bubba smiled, a genuine, joyous, earth-shaking
smile, and Alexis smiled with him.
"What are we playing for?", Alexis
asked, teasing Bubba with a cute, sexy look.
"We're playing for all the marbles.",
he replied, giving her a wink.
And somewhere, on the softness of the breeze
that wafted gently, inexplicably across the room, a voice from
far away whispered,
"We're 'Shooting the Moon', boys and girls. We're shooting
the moon."
As the cards rose and fell, game after game,
Bubba's mind was running a gauntlet that spanned both centuries
and lives-a passageway through time and space that was filled
to overflowing with the emptiness of the Tao. His soul traveled
a lonesome corridor of non-existence that charted the history
and the legend of the mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs', from its initial
inception, down through the ages, to the here now of the present,
where it was in the process of being unleashed in its full, unrestrained,
allegorical glory.
Bubba Rom Dos IV, lifelong friend and drinking
companion of the Cowboy, C.J. Parker IV, had finally learned what
five generations of his ancestors had died without discovering.
For four generations the tradition had been
passed down-a lifelong commitment to bearing witness, to all who
would listen and to all who would not, of the great battle of
the forces of light and darkness that was taking place under the
surface of the high-tech computer network spanning the globe.
An eternal dedication to continuing the tradition no matter what
the cost, whatever obstacles or hardships one met along the way.
The keeping of a sacred promise to bear witness to the true existence
of the Evil One and his Grand Design, and of Gomez and the Dark
Forces' pervasive influence throughout the Netherworld of high-technology.
Four generations of preaching of gloom and
doom, and admonishing one and all that mankind's one remaining
hope for survival lie in the hands of the magical 'Circle of Eunuchs',
who were dedicated to serving the forces of light in the Great
Battle for the souls of humanity, and the very Soul of Humanity,
Four generations of keeping the faith, maintaining
the tradition, despite never knowing, and never asking to know,
whether or not the 'Circle of Eunuchs' actually existed, or
Four generations of Bubba Rom Dos, remaining
the close friend and eternal drinking-companion of C.J. Parker,
the 'founder' of the legendary organization, in all his incarnations,
without once inquiring, or expressing a desire to know, whether
there was any true substance to the myth.
Four generations of faith-pure, inviolate faith-that their friend
and drinking companion was upholding his tradition as loyally
and steadfastly as they were upholding their own.
Now, when the cards had been put into play
for the final game in the Great Battle, Bubba Rom Dos IV, had
learned, beyond shadow of a doubt, what only one other living
person knew-he knew that the legendary 'Circle of Eunuchs' did
not exist.
The 'Magic Circle'-the 'only hope' for humanity-had
never existed.
For the first time in four generations,
Bubba Rom Dos, sage and savant, derelict and philosopher, doubted
himself, doubted his lifelong friend-doubted four generations
of the total, unquestioning dedication and commitment of his lineage
and that of the Cowboy, the lineage of the Author.
He looked up at Alexis, pure, sweet, innocent Alexis. Only one
of a multitude who had committed themselves to a cause, at his
urging, that would lead to their certain destruction if Gomez
and the Dark Forces launched the final battle, unopposed. "I've got you cold, you besotted
old geezer," Alexis gloated, glancing at her hand in confirmation,
"but I'll tell you what I'll do."
Bubba looked up, startled. Those were the
words the Cowboy always used to 'rub it in' when, despite his
insane bidding practices and inane methodology of counting on
'Lady Luck' to make up for his total lack of common sense when
it came to playing even the best of hands, he finally, unequivocally,
held the cards needed to 'stomp your sorry ass into the dirt',
as he liked to so eloquently phrase it.
It was quite apparent, however, that his
long-standing tradition of slapping his cards face-down on the
table, saying, "Read 'em and weep, pal.", was about
to come to an end.
Bubba found himself staring blankly into
Alexis's best Cheshire cat 'grin', as she continued,
"I'm willing to fold my hand-the winning hand, I assure
you-and let you take the pot."
Bubba was perplexed. There was a 'knuckleball'
coming, he knew that much instinctively, and he had better be
prepared for it, that was quite simply good, common sense.
Bubba knew that this game represented the game which the Cowboy
had put in motion between himself and Gomez. He quickly replayed
the game, to this point, in his mind, as Alexis paused, poured
herself a shot of Jim Beam, just as the Cowboy would have done
when 'rubbing it in', as he was won't to do, 'to the max.'.
This game had been played, totally contrary
to the Cowboy's usual style, 'straight ahead', the only surprises
being that the Cowboy, through Alexis, had been blatantly 'slamming'
him mercilessly, with an onslaught of 'power' cards, as if the
world belonged to him, and him alone, through the blessed, divine
grace of Lady Luck, and he could not be denied. Out of character
for him, but very effectively establishing that he was challenging
Bubba, 'mano-a-mano', and giving every indication that the cards
he held allowed him the luxury of 'rubbing his opponent's face
in it' on the way to certain victory.
But now, would come the 'knuckleball."
"Or," Alexis added, with
a too-casual shrug of the shoulders, "we can double
the stakes, and play it out."
choice, Uncle Bubba." Bubba's face flared bright red, out of habit.
God, how he hated it when the Cowboy did that.
 Then Bubba's face grew steely calm, and controlled. But inside,
he was smiling.
Bubba hated playing cards with the Cowboy,
but he did so for that very reason.
Bubba Rom Dos IV, like his ancestors before him, was, first and
foremost, a Taoist. Even the least developed of Zen masters can
tell you that it is no great deal to go off to a remote mountain-top
and be a good Taoist philosopher. To do so in the heart of the
city, however, is an entirely different matter.
Bubba, for all his carousing and manic babbling,
was, in fact, able to 'hang cool' in the wildest and most stressful
of situations. Even when he was "totally out of control,"
the Cowboy used to brag about him, "inside he's as 'loose
as a goose'." Nobody, anywhere, at any time, for any reason,
could 'get' to him to the extent of disturbing his calm, inner
Taoist demeanor.
Except for the Cowboy...when they were
playing cards. Thus it was incumbent upon Bubba to engage the
Cowboy in a game of cards at every opportunity, in order to give
his 'weakness' in this area a good workout, and strive to overcome
his deficiency in this area. Which, to a large part, he had succeeded
in doing.
The one instance in which the Cowboy could
still, almost without fail, "get Bubba's Taoist goat,"
as he liked to brag, was when he pulled the gambit known as 'Winner's
Bluff' out of his time-worn hat.
And this, Bubba well knew, thanks to Alexis'
message, was what he had done with Gomez-with a reference to 'Uncle
Bubba looked at the cards he held, and once
again quickly reviewed the hands that had been played. The chances
were good, very good indeed, that Alexis held the cards needed
to 'finish the job' she had been doing on him, and to do so 'with
a flourish'.
But there was a chance-a slim chance, but
still a chance-that she was one card short.
Bubba watched Alexis sitting there, with
her enigmatic, Cheshire cat grin merged with the Cowboy's smart-alecky,
gloating smirk, and he suddenly exploded, in spite of himself,
like never before.
"You smart-ass little bitch!",
he screamed, "I'll stomp your sorry ass into the ground.
Play the goddamn cards!"
The patrons of the Broken Spoke Saloon,
visibly shaken by this momentous display of 'genuine' loss of
self-control on the part of the imperturbable sage, looked at
each other in total wonder, sensing that the decades of manic
babbling that he had been legendary for, had all been but a precursor
to the 'real thing', and that this was not a good omen.
Bubba sat back in his chair, waiting with
a vengeance, for his opponent to continue.
Alexis, having gotten Bubba to 'rise to
the bait', now slammed her last three cards to the table, in rapid
succession-the Queen, King, and Ace of Spades-the game-winning
cards, and Bubba threw his remaining cards, face down, on her
cards, disgustingly conceding defeat.
As he sat there fuming, Alexis said, in
a small, quiet voice,
"Now it's your play, Uncle Bubba."
Bubba sat and stared at Alexis, for a long,
long while, then he slowly picked up the top card from the three
that he had thrown on top of her 'winning' cards, and he turned
it over.
It was the 'Bitch'-the Queen of Spades.
He had gotten so 'caught up' in the illusion
she was creating, and the anger that it unleashed in him, that
he 'saw' what she had 'wanted' him to see, the Queen (of Clubs,
in reality), King, and Ace of Spades, falling from 'her' hand,
onto the table, even though he 'knew' that the Queen of Spades
had been in his own hand, all along.
But even when Alexis 'pointed out' to Bubba
that she had 'run a game' on him-playing with his mind-he still
had to 'turn the card over' and look at it, in order to truly
confirm, and comprehend, that he had been 'taken'. And in doing
so, he only 'added' to his defeat, and his humiliation.
Bubba was now fully aware of the game being
played out between the Cowboy and Gomez, and his doubts ceased-about
himself, about the Cowboy, and about four generations of the ancestors
in both of their lineages.
He knew that-by his own hand-Gomez was now in the process of creating
an organization that for four generations had been his chief opponent
only in legend-a mythological albatross around his neck which
had never existed, except allegorically.
After centuries of non-existence, the 'Circle
of Eunuchs'-humanity's last hope for salvation-was about to become
a reality.
Bubba raised his shot-glass, in toast, and
stated proudly and boldly, for all to hear,
"To the forthcoming marriage of my favorite niece, Alexis...and
Vice-Admiral Bubba D'Shauneaux's favorite nephew...the Cowboy."
Chapter 21 - All The Marbles

@_date: 1997-03-30 18:08:39
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 22 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Welcome To The InterNet
The Dark Allies were gathered around the podium,
waiting for Gomez to speak. They had never seen him shine in such
resplendent glory. They knew that the Time was close at hand.
Gomez barked out his orders in the voice that was
inflamed with the power of a great beast who was sure of his kill.
"Act quickly and unfailingly, for our Glory draws nigh and
this carnal kingdom will soon be ours to command."
Gomez dismissed his fawning sycophants and they scurried
out of the Great Hall to do his bidding. Now he would rest, and
reflect on the trail of antiquity that had led him to this moment
in time, making sure that he had overlooked nothing that could
stand in his way.
His plan to investigate the Cowboy's alleged relationship
to D'Shauneaux was simple and it proceeded directly to the heart
of the issue. Gomez had top-secret memos, concerning the Cowboy's location and
precarious position, disseminated throughout the InterNet to the
highest levels of the command structure, with strict orders to
conceal the messages under nothing but the tightest level of security.
If the Circle of Eunuchs truly existed, only they could possibly
have the capability of breaching the defenses in place at that
None of the mortals who served as Gomez's minions
were to be involved in this operation. It was to be carried out
entirely by the Dark Allies in order to assure that any 'leak'
that surfaced would unquestionably have come from deep within
the bowels of the InterNet.
The Cowboy was being watched night and day. Any attempt
to make contact with him, in even the faintest, most trivial way,
would be noticed and reported immediately.
This was an area that Gomez congratulated himself
on profusely. Nuthouse Number Nine, Looney Level 'Leven, was one
of his consummate feats of genius.
Schultz was the best of the best. The governments of the BC era spent billions on espionage
and internal security, building investigative organizations composed
of superior agents with intensive, specialized training and the
finest technology available at their fingertips. When they ran
up against a situation that was beyond them, it was Schultz who
got the call.
Schultz had, since day one, personally hand-picked and trained
the 'inmates' of Number Nine. Jesus  had been in place for over
thirty years; he considered Number Nine his 'home'. Jesus  was
the rookie of the bunch, having only been there for fifteen years.
Neither one of them had ever left the building since the first
time they walked through the door. The rest of the inmates were retired from other security forces
and found Number Nine an excellent place to spend their remaining
years. Under the cover of the Money Channel it was perfectly natural
for Number Nine to provide amenities for the 'inmates' that were
superior to those received by even the governing elite of some
of the other Channels. Keeping the personnel at Number Nine alert and motivated
would not be a problem. They had more than enough reason to be
excited about the opportunity to utilize their expertise in surveillance
of the Cowboy. After more than forty years in existence, with
the most highly qualified and experienced security personnel ever
to be gathered under a single roof, Nuthouse Number Nine finally
had its first authentic inmate.
Gomez howled with glee, in recognition of his own
Gomez laid his plans a millennium in advance. He
had made allowances for all the possibilities-and then he made
allowances for the impossible. He subjected every incident, every
situation-every apparently random occurrence in his domain-to
a rigorous scrutiny unequaled by any of those among the Dark Council
who arrogantly considered themselves to be his peers.
He went over all his stratagem before, during, and after their
implementation and completion. He looked at every one of his plans
forwards, backwards and upside-down, in concept and in detail,
and he missed nothing...nothing!
That's why He was the favored son of the Evil
One. That's why He was chosen to be the instrument by which
the Great Plan would be put into effect when the Time had come.
That's why He was charged with the duty and honor of preparing
the blueprint for the Final Battle.
The envious malcontents in the Council of Darkness-those
devious schemers who dared to oppose him and were so presumptuous
as to reprove him at every opportunity-they would crawl before
him when he delivered this celestial orb into the hands of the
Evil one.
Everything was in readiness, waiting only for the eternally nagging
question of the Magic Circle to be dealt with. And that would
be done soon...very soon.
Gomez was waiting for Cron to report back with the
results of his research on D'Shauneaux and the Cowboy. Gomez had
been over all of it a thousand times before, but he had expanded
the scope of the investigation this time and he would go over
it all again. If there were the slightest grain of information
to support the Cowboy's claim of his relationship to D'Shauneaux,
then Gomez would ferret it out.
He even had Cron running a data search on the word
'uncle'-not only on the current database, but also on the backup
archives that dated back to the very founding of the InterNet.
It would be a tremendous amount of information to sort through
but Gomez had a division of analysts at his beck and call, waiting
for the information to arrive.
Gomez did not relish thinking about what had to be
done if there was the slightest inkling the Cowboy might have
been telling the truth.
As much as he dreaded the notion, his only option at that point
would be to dismantle the InterNet and permanently 'terminate'
everyone involved in its operation. It made him sick to even think
about it. If TeleVision had been the regal crown in his Grand
Design, then the InterNet was the jewel in that crown. TeleVision had been one of Gomez's greatest inspirations.
It had come at a time when he was falling from favor with the
Evil One. So many times the Dark Council's plans had failed and
always-always-the Council had lain the blame at the feet of Gomez.
When Gomez saw the hypnotizing power of the 'Tube,
he instantly knew that it as the answer to finally enslaving the
minds of all mankind. His initial endeavors in using this medium
to manipulate men's minds were so overwhelmingly successful that
he gained back all of his previous power and more. Gomez no longer
had to answer to the Council of Darkness for his every action,
but only to report to them. The hand was his to play, and Gomez would use his
power well.
Gomez had moved quickly to consolidate his gains.
After blunting and capturing the minds of mankind though the power
of the media, his next priority was information. In the
past Gomez had been thwarted by the sheer number of humans involved,
as well as their being spread out into so many disparate groups
in terms of both their mental orientation and their physical distribution.
Television would be the tool used to change their
mind-set, breaking them into smaller and smaller factions and
then re-organizing them into larger, more cohesive units. The
problem, however, was that-even when a group-mind was achieved
that conformed to Gomez's requirements-the vast numbers of individuals
involved would result in an overwhelming accumulation of information
needed to track and control everyone and everything.
Gomez, in his brilliance, had recognized the required
capability in a new technological tool being used in a few specialized
areas of human society-the computer.  Gomez understood immediately
that the computer was the agent that would overcome the problems
that had plagued him in his previous plans for world domination.
His pitiful 'World Conquerors' were a joke. Every
time they came even remotely close to physically controlling a
majority of the masses everything would break down. Too many people,
too many languages, too many societies, too many religions. Too
many 'battle fronts' to manage and control.
Too much information to control...until now.
Gomez was a masterful tactician. He had immediately
maneuvered his lackeys into key positions throughout all areas
of the fledgling new industry. IBM, Sperry-Rand, MicroSoft, various
government and educational agencies.
Gomez had made certain that the main-frames would remain large,
expensive creatures, thus ensuring that their use would be confined
to the larger corporate, government, and societal organizations,
and giving him time to consolidate his behind-the-scene control
Gomez had made absolutely certain, that computers remained, in
the minds of the masses, tools for computation. Crunching numbers,
adding and subtracting, dividing and multiplying.
Anything that had to do with 'numbers', and nothing
to do with 'information'.
Gomez laughed until the tears rolled down his cheeks
at the sublime irony of it all. All his years of defeat during the centuries when
the world-it's countries, its cultures, its societies and its
people-was ruled by force. Era upon era when mankind was not only
ruled by the sword, and by the dictates of the powerful, but also
by their own mind's acceptance of this scheme of things.
Century upon century when the human mentality was oriented in
exactly the way that Gomez required-veneration and unquestioning
obedience of authority, acquiescence to their role of subservience
to those 'above' them.
Everything Gomez could hope for, and more, and he still could
not manage to bring them into unitary subordination under the
dominance of the Evil One.
Now, in an age when all his plans had gone askew-an
age when 'democracy' and 'freedom' had become 'king'-when the
masses had hitherto undreamed of access to information
and knowledge-now was the time when Gomez would
succeed in bringing the Grand Design to completion.
Gomez had moved his pawns into place slowly and cautiously,
placing them in positions that were low-key and had very little
public visibility.
The general public at that time had a basic fear
of-and antagonism towards-authority. What used to be the norm
was then reviled as fascism, totalitarianism, as dictatorship.
It was an age where 'individual rights' were esteemed and 'authority'
was denounced. So Gomez had made sure that computers remained basically 'number-crunchers'.
It was something that the masses considered not only non-threatening,
but ;boring; as well. He could move his own agents into place
in key positions and nobody noticed, nobody cared. 'Computer geeks'-that's how his agents were regarded
in the mind of the average person. Uninteresting people doing
uninteresting things in a dull room somewhere within the bowels
of a huge, depersonalizing corporation. 'Fun and interesting'
had been the bywords of the day and anything less went unnoticed.
Gomez made sure that the information-gathering capabilities
of this new technology proceeded slowly, hardly being noticed,
and were brought into areas of application that dealt with the
mundane tasks that people were more than glad to be rid of and
that computers would thus be well received by the general populace.
Catalogue mailing labels...a wonderful application of the ability
of computers. It freed the workers of the drudgery involved in
the work, made production and delivery more efficient, less costly,
and thus more 'convenient' for their customers.
As Gomez moved computers towards the 'Information
Age', he did so in increments. The buzz words introduced were
benign words like 'number-crunching', 'data storage', 'labor-saving',
and the like. When any area of the industry began moving ahead of his long-term
plans then 'things happened'. An individual who devised some ground-breaking
new device would have an 'accident'. A corporation that was ready
to bring startling new capabilities to the industry would suffer
sudden 'reversals' and go bankrupt.
When Gomez finally deemed that society had sufficient
exposure to the technology to no longer feel threatened by it,
he allowed the development of the Personal Computer (PC) to proceed.
Gomez worked the birth and growth of PC's for use
by the masses like a fisherman works a fish when he's bringing
it in to shore. Set the hook...promise them everything they want, and more.
Productivity, efficiency, fun-the computer will do all
the work and you can sit back drinking champagne and eating caviar.
Reel them in...games-fun games. Get the youngsters involved.
The computer is a valuable educational tool, as well.
Not too much drag-let them take a little line when
they start fighting...Hey, computers are optional. Only if
you want one, only if you think it will make your life more 'convenient'.
No business, 'has' to have one, nobody 'has' to use them, it's
up to the individual.
Reel them in a little more...Your competition's using them,
do you really want to fall behind? Your friends got one for the
kids and they're doing better in school, don't you care
about your kids?
Gomez knew when he had reached the pivot-point, the
juncture where his whole plan would swing one way or another upon
it's axis.
Gomez had centered his activities around the United
States of America, the world-leader at the time, and also the
country that he knew would be the first to express disenchantment
with the new technology. The 'whiners' he called them, and they
were indeed the first to complain.
'Yuppies' was what they were called during the advent
of the computer era. Intelligent and prosperous, the creme-de-la-creme,
expecting the good life to be their God-given right and, oh yes,
they were so liberal and progressive...unless they didn't get
their own way.
"Computers are infringing on our freedom. We're losing our
individuality. We're becoming just another number in the system."
A 'good' fisherman can land his fish no matter how
hard they fight. He brings them in close to the boat and scoops
them up in the net.
Gomez was a 'great' fisherman. He got them to jump in the bloody
When the resistance to being 'dehumanized' started,
Gomez threw the ball to the Japanese, turning his eastern human
allies loose to surge ahead in technological development, leaving
the United States in the dust. He coordinated this surge with
a parallel onslaught of Japanese superiority in mechanical areas
such as home appliances and surface vehicles.
The results were almost instantaneous. Now, instead of decrying
the 'depersonalizing' impositions of the computer age, the populace
of the United States started 'demanding' that their leaders rebuff
this foreign assault on their position of dominance by dedicating
their efforts to regaining their God-given superiority in the
computer industry.
It never failed to amaze Gomez that his problem with
this 'democratic', 'educationally superior' group of self-righteous
'liberals' was not how to get them to succumb to the manipulations
he had devised to bring them into any communal mind-set he desired,
but rather, how to rein-in their ignominious little pea-brains
so that they wouldn't go off on totally new tangents six times
an hour under the influence of the 'ten second sound-byte' that
was the current fad in their society.
By the time that the masses were ready for computers,
Gomez's computers were ready for the masses.
Gomez made sure that the computer industry moved
in the direction of 'networking', the tying together of groups
of computers so that they formed a common link. How convenient.
The creatures could 'share' information between one another. Oh
yes, and 'sharing' meant developing 'standards' so that everything
would work together and be so much more 'convenient' for everybody.
And the silly creatures were exceedingly enamored
of themselves for being so intelligent, so efficient, so organized.
"Look what we can do now...we're so smart."
"No," Gomez thought to himself, "Look
what 'computers' can do now...'I'm' so smart."
Gomez had brought the 'Information Age' to fruition.
Information was power...and computers controlled the information.
 The more information one had, the more power one had. And the
wider the reach of their ability to gather and share information,
the more powerful and important these little creatures deemed
themselves to be.
"I've got the figures we needed. I pulled them
off the database server and ran them through a spreadsheet."
"I found a copy of the contract you wanted.
It was in one of the network files of a previous employee. Thank
heavens for backup tapes."
"I downloaded the tax tables from the government's
computer by modem. We have plenty of time to adjust our budget
for next year."
People were no longer anxious about information-gathering
infringing upon their 'personal space'-now they were anxious because
they couldn't access all the information, any time, anywhere,
at their slightest whim.
Gomez smiled. No problem. It was time to introduce
computer technology's step-child to the rank-and-file.
Welcome to the InterNet."
Chapter 22 - Welcome To The InterNet

@_date: 1997-03-31 19:18:43
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 23 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
"No! We can't just leave
him there. We have to do something. We just have
Alexis was inconsolable, and not without
good reason.
Priscilla gave up trying to console Alexis.
She gave up trying to explain why it was necessary, absolutely
necessary, to leave the Cowboy exactly where he was, and to make
no attempt, whatsoever, to rescue him, or even to communicate
with him.
The truth was, Priscilla didn't fully understand just why
this was so, any more than her daughter did.
"Uncle Bubba," she said, in exasperation, "why
don't you, being the wise, old sage that you are, get your
goddamn head out of the bottle, and come and deal with this mess
that you created."
Bubba, to be quite fair, was not drinking
recreationally in this great time of crisis, but was, in fact,
imbibing only a wee bit of the 'hair of the dog', for survival
purposes only.
After sending his 'niece' and her mother
away to prepare for the Cowboy's imminent return (in reality,
to spirit them out of harm's way), Bubba had spent the rest of
the preceding evening celebrating the upcoming 'happy occasion'
he had exuberantly announced, being extremely generous in proffering
great amounts of liquid libations on his fellow patrons at the
Broken Spoke Saloon, and partaking liberally of the refreshments
himself, as was his custom during celebrations of this nature.
Since he was undoubtedly in great danger
during these festivities, as he was quick to let everyone know
upon his return in an extremely wretched state, it was incumbent
upon him to play his role to the fullest, convincing one and all
that he was indeed enjoying an evening filled with drunken
debauchery and uninhibited carousing.
Though it caused pained expressions of disbelief, from all who
were gathered in his private 'safe house', that he should be professing
martyrdom for engaging in his favorite activity, the shit didn't
really hit the fan until he boldly announced, much to everyone's
surprise and consternation that, "With the Cowboy trapped
in the unbreakable grasp of Gomez, facing certain destruction
should he make one wrong move, I was drinking for two,
Even the less socially astute observers,
including those with no innate knowledge of the human psyche,
had no trouble figuring out that this was the last thing
that a thirteen (almost) year-old girl-forced into an early womanhood
less than twenty-four hours previously, after discovering the
'love of her life'-needed to hear, was that her pre-destined life-mate
was in the process of having his mind "become a side-dish
on the Evil One's breakfast plate.", as Bubba added, after
hawking up several generous portions of the previous evenings
libations, "courtesy of Gomez's grateful minions at Nuthouse
Number Nine, Looney Level 'Leven."
As poor, sweet Alexis was thrown into the
throes of desolate hysteria by this announcement, the others gathered
together in the room shot Bubba a collective glance of disgust
that suggested that he might as well have 'broken into' the fantasies
she had been engaged in concerning the upcoming 'wedding' that
'Uncle' Bubba had so boldly announced, much to her surprise, and
crapped on the beautiful wedding cake that she was preparing for
the occasion in her sweet, innocent, young mind.
Bubba knew that there were going to be even less pleased with
what he was about to do, and he was not looking forward
to it, in the least, but it was something that had to be done.
He knew that much of her pain was from her connection with the
Cowboy giving her a sense of what he was going through,
and that she needed to be able to face it completely in
order to deal with the true reality of the situation.
He walked slowly over to Alexis, put a gentle,
fatherly hand around her shoulder, let out a vile, disgusting
belch, and said,
"Alexis, just try to think of him as a sorry, insane loser
named 'Arnold', who is going to get a total shit-kicking for not
having any better sense than to mess with his captors."
Alexis stared at Bubba in shocked disbelief,
as he added,
"Schultz is going to kick his sorry ass, morning, noon and
night, until the day that Gomez calls for his head on a silver
Alexis went 'nuclear' at this point, launching
a physical attack on Bubba that took a back seat to none of the
beatings that his ancestors had endured, and he spent the periods
between blows wondering why it was that his whole lineage had
seemed predestined to be their most useful while undergoing savage
physical attacks on their person. When the rain of blows ceased,
there was a short pause, and then Alexis threw her arms around
him, blubbering, like a baby,
"Oh, Bubba, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I know it's not
your fault."
She stood back momentarily, then began to
laugh, and said,
"Not bad for a twelve year-old girl, huh?"
The small group that had gathered around
them to watch, astounded by both of them, let out a belly-laugh
at her astuteness in reverting to her real age in order
to make her sound beating of the old buzzard all that more impressive.
Bubba, however, was generous in his defeat,
"Not bad for a warlord-in the prime of life!"
Everyone had another good belly-laugh, Bubba
included, and he and Alexis strode hand-in-hand to a back room
to talk in private.
"Why, Bubba? Why must we do nothing?
If you say it is so, then I can accept that, but I cannot live
without knowing why."
Bubba sat for a few minutes, in quiet contemplation,
and then began,
"For the good of all, it is best that you do not know. For
your own personal good, however, it is best that I tell you. And,
in my own mind, at least, there is no good for the collective
that can come at the expense of its individuals. So I will tell
you why we must do nothing to save the Cowboy, although remaining
inactive in this matter goes completely against the grain of common
sense and reasonable caution."
Bubba thought for a moment, then added,
"Although, to tell the truth, I get the sense that if the
Cowboy is indeed 'Shooting the Moon', and challenging Gomez to
lay his balls on the table with the "Winner's Bluff"
gambit...", Alexis was nodding as Bubba spoke, following
and understanding the matters that he was speaking of, but she
grew positively wide-eyed in astonishment when he couldn't resist
adding, with a laugh, "and doing so without holding a winning
"There is no 'Magic Circle'?",
Alexis almost cried out, in amazement? "He doesn't have
the 'Bitch'?"
"Shhh!", Bubba admonished her
sternly, " No one must know this-not even you."
They both laughed out uproariously at this
absurd statement, given the fact that Bubba was already 'spilling
the beans' to her, at the same time that he was instinctively
reaching for the bottle of 'Bubba's Private Reserve' in the cupboard
behind him, knowing that if one was about to embark upon a journey
beyond the bounds of reason and discretion, that one might as
well, 'go the whole hog, including the postage', as one of his
earliest ancestors used to proclaim.
Alexis leaned over and reached behind Bubba
to get a shot-glass for herself.
"No need to 'abuse' yourself by 'drinking for two'.",
she told him. "I'll carry the Cowboy's share of the load."
Her reference to the Cowboy brought them
back to the true sobriety of the situation, and their glasses
rose in silent toast to him, and Bubba started to continue, but
Alexis cut him off, asking,
"Bubba, after you had 'thrown in' your hand, conceding defeat,
and I told you that it was your turn to play, you realized,
immediately, that you'd been 'had', didn't you?"
"Of course.", Bubba replied with
an air that left no doubt that only a 'fool' would have to have
it pointed out to him that he'd just been made a 'fool' of.
"But you had to look, didn't
you? You held the Queen of Spades in your hand the whole game,
you knew that you had it, but after getting 'suckered'
into conceding it to me, and realizing your mistake, too late,
you still had to look, like a 'rookie' fool, to truly believe
that you had indeed been such a complete idiot."
"As old, and wise, and wily as I am,"
Bubba, agreed with her, pleased that she had come to a clear understanding
of just what had taken place, without his having to 'explain'
it to her, "I fell, hook, line and sinker, like the freshest
of 'rubes' falling off of the eternally proverbial 'turnip truck'."
"And as old, and wise, and humble as I truly am,"
he continued, "I still had to look at that
card in order for my ego to believe that it was indeed possible
for such a great, magnificent being such as myself to be such
a sorry, pathetic, fool of a man." He paused, and smiled
at Alexis, adding profoundly, "And likewise, I am sure, is
the present position of our new, beloved ally-Gomez." "Why was I instructed to begin calling
you 'Uncle' Bubba?", Alexis wanted to know.
"Because, I am assuming, with certainty,
the 'Queen of Clubs' that the Cowboy 'passed off' as the 'Bitch'
to Gomez, throwing him off-balance and setting him up for the
'fall', was 'Uncle' Bubba D'Shauneaux. The Cowboy passed himself
off as a 'nephew', by lineage, of Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux."
"But," Alexis seemed confused,
"D'Shauneaux lived and died over a century, ago, so how could
that ruse possibly threaten...", her voice trailed off
as she began to recognize the common threads between the life
of the Cowboy, and that of Bubba, whose history she knew exceedingly
well. Bubba linked the threads together for her, just the same.
"You know, of course, that when I speak,
I speak for my lineage, as well as for myself. When I tell people
that I was at the original, allegorical meeting of the
legendary, mythical group known as the 'Circle of Eunuchs', it
is because I AM Bubba Rom Dos I, and the II, and so on right up
to today, as Bubba Rom Dos VI.
"The Cowboy is of a parallel lineage, but one with a significant
Alexis sat up and paid close attention to
Bubba's every word, knowing that this might be the only opportunity
she would ever have to learn the history of, and in this way,
perhaps grow somehow closer to, a life-mate in her current path
of destiny who she would probably never again encounter, losing
him less than a single day after recognizing his special place
in her life. She grew sad at the thought.
Bubba, either wishing to lift her out of
her momentary depression, or just being an ornery old buzzard
by nature, reminded her, as if continuing her own inner train
of thought,
"...and who last gazed upon your youthful beauty as if
you were an 'odd sock' that somehow ended up in his laundry by
mistake, and he didn't know what to do with you."
"Shut up you old buzzard." Alexis
poked him in the ribs, grabbed the bottle, poured herself a shot,
knocked it back with a flourish, uttered, disgustedly, "Men...",
and sat, waiting for him to continue.
"As I was saying," Bubba continued,
smiling smugly, "his lineage differed from mine in one very
important respect. Namely-to all outward appearances-it
didn't exist."
Alexis was transfixed, once again, on his
every word.
"You know, of course, of the myths
that run 'in the midst of' the myths surrounding the Magic Circle,
and of the legends 'running parallel to' the legend of the 'Circle
of Eunuchs'. In particular, I am speaking of the 'rumors' that
link the lineage of the Fool to that of the Head Hacker, and to
the GrandMaster, et al."
Alexis nodded her head, knowing that there
were differing 'versions' of these parts of the legends, none
of them taken too seriously.
"These parts of the legend have been
purposely 'diluted' so as to give an 'indication' of the truth
of the matter, while remaining 'will 'o wisp' enough in their
nature so as not to draw too much serious attention to them. The
reason for this is because the 'indications' are, in fact, indicative
of the 'truth' of the matter-the connection between the Head Hacker
and the Fool is just as real and lasting as the lineage of Rom
"And who do you think, my dear, is the current representative
of this 'secret' lineage?", Bubba teased Alexis playfully,
and she loved it, responding with the youthful enthusiasm of the
child she still remained, in many respects.
"The Cowboy, Bubba.", Alexis said,
bouncing where she sat, with joy, hardly able to contain herself.
"It's the Cowboy."
"And who do you think was the founder
of this particular lineage in the mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'?",
Bubba asked her, knowing that she would not take long in solving
the 'puzzle'.
Alexis looked perplexed for a moment, knowing
that there was nothing at all in the legend that dealt with any
rumored linkage of this lineage pre-dating the Head Hacker. So
the answer must lie with the Cowboy himself...and...
"The 'Parker Paradox'.", Alexis stared, in wonderment,
unable to believe what must surely be true. "The lineage
started with the man who started it all, who authored 'The Xenix
Chainsaw Massacre', the book that began the legend of the 'Circle
of Eunuchs'."
"C.J. Parker.", Bubba said, in
confirmation. The founder of the lineage of the Author.
"But he died!", Alexis
proclaimed, then added, tentatively, "Didn't he?"
Bubba sat, in quiet contemplation, for several
minutes, and then looked deeply into Alexis' eyes as he said to
her, with an air of great mystery,
"Perhaps. Perhaps not. Perhaps...though it happened over
a hundred years ago, long in the past...perhaps it has not
yet been decided."
Alexis sat, spellbound, for several moments,
until Bubba handed her a slip of paper passed down to him by his
ancestors-a slip of paper on which was written the wisdom of the
"The Power of Myth is the cornerstone
of the 'Inaugural Enigma'. Mythos is the 'Black Bitch'
of the universe...it's the wildcard in the game of life."
Alexis looked questioningly at Bubba, who
merely smiled, and shrugged his shoulders, indicating that he
was truly as mystified as she was on this point.
"I don't know, Alexis. I truly don't
know." He paused to sip his drink quietly, then continued,
once again.
"It could be that C.J. Parker did, in fact, somehow survive.
Or it could be that the lineage has been continued, unbroken,
by a succession of individuals who have picked up the torch each
time it has fallen, and assumed the mantle of the lineage of the
true founder of the mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'. Or perhaps the
true answer to this question has yet, through the Power of Myth,
to be determined.
"But one thing is certain...",
Bubba took Alexis gently by the hand, as he explained,
"The Cowboy has revealed himself to
Gomez as a true descendant of the lineage of the Author. This
means that Gomez will have been proclaimed, by the Cowboy, to
have failed in extracting his measure of revenge against the individual
who launched a movement that has dogged the Dark Forces' heels
for over a century, and has been the personal nemesis of Gomez
and the Evil One, himself.
"Gomez's revenge upon his chief enemy now falls upon the
shoulders of the current representative of the lineage of the
Author...the Cowboy."
Alexis' stoic acceptance of the truth concerning
the Cowboy's situation earned her Bubba's eternal respect, from
that moment forward, and he knew that he need not hide nor shade
the remainder of his explanation to any degree, whatsoever. He
was now 'duty-bound' to deliver the whole truth, as it existed.
"If you think back to our final game
of 'Pitch with the Bitch', I think you will realize that the Cowboy
taunted Gomez to a degree that, no doubt, drove him 'over the
edge', and guaranteed the Cowboy a death more terrible and painful
than most men could ever imagine...", Bubba paused for
a moment, to keep his voice from choking, "but he also bought
himself, and the rest of us, a small amount of time, by playing
a 'card' that he didn't truly hold."
"Uncle Bubba.", Alexis said, automatically,
and waited for Bubba to continue.
" That's right, Alexis. He has declared
his lineage to be linked by blood to the lineage of Vice-Admirable
D'Shauneaux. Were this actually true-and Gomez will be forced
to make absolutely certain that it is not true before
proceeding-then Gomez's 'tit' would be 'in a wringer', as they
used to say in those days, at least as far as the InterNet is
"Why is that?", Alexis asked,
momentarily puzzled.
"Have you ever noticed a 'discrepancy',"
Bubba asked her, "between the 'legend' as we know it, and
the 'Addendum' to 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre'?"
Alexis' eyes lit up, immediately.
"Yes, yes. There was always something that felt somehow
out of place, and I could never quite put my finger on it before,
but it seems so glaringly blatant, now.", she replied, excitedly.
"In the 'legend', the Vice-Admiral is oblivious to the role
played by his long-time friend, C.J. Parker, until after
'Operation Eunuchs' has tracked him down and discovered his body.
At that point, he takes over Pearl Harbor Computers, in order
to warn the Magic Circle to steer clear of himself. But in the
'Addendum' to TXCSM, he talks of having participated in the formation
of the company, from its very inception."
"Exactly!", Bubba confirmed. "D'Shauneaux added this 'twist' to the 'Addendum', with the
idea of planting a seed in the mind of Gomez that perhaps D'Shauneaux
had been an 'agent' of the 'Circle of Eunuchs' all along. If this
had been the case, then it would have meant that the InterNet
had been seriously compromised, over an extended period of time,
due to Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux's position as Head of Security
for the entire InterNet, and the 'Net would have to be torn down
and rebuilt, from the ground up-a major loss of ground that Gomez
could ill-afford at the time.
"But the 'Addendum' was a pathetically
weak attempt, from surface appearances, at 'rewriting' the past,
and Gomez was able to dismiss giving it serious consideration
as a being a real possibility, although he had D'Shauneaux watched
constantly, until the day of his death, to confirm the evaluation
he had made in this regard."
"However, Gomez now finds himself, a hundred years later,
with the Cowboy, speaking under the auspices of the Author, himself,
C.J. Parker, and he's calling Admiral D'Shauneaux 'Uncle Bubba',
thereby 'resurrecting' the idea that a deeper connection-and thus
possibly an ongoing conspiracy-between Parker and D'Shauneaux,
was a 'reality', once again raising the possibility of the InterNet
being corrupted and compromised, only 'this time', a century down
the road, at the very apex of the fruition of Gomez and the Evil
One's Grand Design."
"But why," Alexis asked, "would
Gomez give any more credence to the Cowboy's claim of a deeper
association between the two, than he did to D'Shauneaux's original
attempt at raising the possibility?"
"Think about it.", Bubba replied,
and then proceeded to lead her through what he, based on his observations
of their final game of 'Pitch', believed was the Cowboy's strategy
in making his 'pitch' to Gomez.
"The Cowboy would have opened boldly
by establishing a genuine 'link' to D'Shauneaux, one containing
personal details that went 'beyond' the commonly known details
of the legend. This, coming from an 'unknown entity' having no
previously known link to the legend, would be designed to throw
Gomez a tad off-balance.
"His next step would be to continue boldly, establishing
that he was, however vainly, 'on the offensive'. He would have
laid out strong enough cards to surprise Gomez and pique his interest
in the Cowboy having come 'out of nowhere' to demonstrate that
he is a 'genuine player' in the ongoing legend of the Magic Circle.
"Then he would have hit him with 'Uncle
Bubba', indicating that a 'major player' on the current InterNet
is indeed an unknown descendant of D'Shauneaux, thus annoying
Gomez by flashing a 'card' that had been played a century previously,
and discounted as a threat to the overall game. By flashing it
'early' in his game, the Cowboy would have forced the stakes to
a higher level, giving a great more import to the cards that he
was about to play, and, by corollary, if they were 'good' cards,
then they would thus confirm the possibility that the previously
played cards, 'Uncle Bubba' in particular, were valid cards, as
"And the very moment that the
relationship of the next few cards deciding the importance of
the previous cards sank in, the Cowboy would have hit Gomez with
his knowledge of the 'Inaugural Enigma'." Bubba laughed heartily,
knowing that he was certainly right about this.
"Why would this be such a powerful
'card'.", Alexis prodded Bubba.
"Because, my dear," Bubba responded
with gleeful insight, "with knowledge of the Inaugural Enigma,
he's now linking himself to the Fool, thus establishing a 'heritage',
and raising the possibility of the 'reality' of another previously
disregarded 'link', the rumored connection of the Fool and the
Head Hacker. And Gomez would already have figured out that if
this indeed was a line of 'heritage', that the 'real' import
of the Cowboy's cards would have to do with an 'expansion' of
that heritage. It would also mean that Gomez was being,
'laughed at' by some unknown quantity, known only as the Cowboy,
and being told that he was wrong in his decisions about
two major concerns in his past.
"It had to be obvious by this point
that the Cowboy was just starting to get 'warmed up', and it must
have been driving Gomez crazy. So this is where the Cowboy
would have stopped to challenge Gomez to put his 'balls to the
wall', and he would have pulled the 'Winner's Bluff' gambit."
"You, my dear, sweet Bubba," Alexis
purred, "almost hemorrhaged, at this point in the game. What
on earth do you think Gomez's reaction was?"
"Without doubt," Bubba stated
resolutely, "his eyes crossed, and he 'shit a fiery brick'."
"Without a doubt.", Alexis agreed,
smiling. "And then?"
"And then," Bubba pointed out,
"the Cowboy would have done exactly as you, yourself, did-bang,
bang, bang,-one, two, three-back to back tricks, played hard and
"My best guess is that two of last three 'tricks' would have
included the fact that the Author, C.J. Parker, had survived,
and that sitting right in front of Gomez, spitting on the balls
that Gomez had so boldly laid on the table, was the Author's successor,
and current representative-the Cowboy.
"This had to have launched Gomez so
far off the deep-end that he would have totally 'flipped his wig'.
I would venture to say that, at this point, our dear, beloved
Cowboy officially became 'toast' as far as his future prospects
of living and breathing in the absence of pain are considered."
Bubba knew that, at this point, it was difficult
for Alexis not to 'jump forward' to the question of there perhaps
being a possibility, however slim, of changing the Cowboy's prospects,
but she bit her lip, and continued to follow the flow of Bubba's
"So what do you think are the odds
that the Cowboy's 'bluff' was successful." Alexis asked.
"Before I answer that, Alexis, allow
me to mention our part in 'backing his action', so to speak."
Bubba paused for a moment, to collect his
thoughts, then continued,
"Do you remember the last time that you saw the Cowboy?"
"Yes.", Alexis smiled, without
restraint. "I scared him."
"He would deny it, of course,"
Bubba laughed, "but that is a fairly accurate description
of his reaction to your presence.
"He confided to me later, that he had a 'strange premonition'
about you, though he was confused as to its meaning, and that
it 'bothered' him so much that he eventually gave in to his inclinations
and ran a complete background history on you. He follow your lineage
back through all the archives, right up to the beginning records
of the InterNet. He found out something about you and I that even
we, ourselves were unaware of."
"When Gomez performs the same task,
as he most certainly will do, following my 'grand announcement'
of yesterday evening, and my subsequent 'celebration' of your
upcoming 'marriage' to the 'nephew' of D'Shauneaux, by lineage,
of course, then he will find, as the Cowboy found, that you are,
my dear Alexis, by virtue of our own lineages, my 'niece', as
I so eloquently stated, last night."
Alexis jumped up and threw her arms around
Bubba, smothering him with happiness, and squealing with joy to
be truly related, however far back, to the lecherous old geezer
of her recent youth.
Bubba composed himself, and continued,
"Thus, Gomez will thereupon double, and redouble, his efforts
to check the possibility of my 'companion claim' also being true,
namely, that the Cowboy is, by lineage, the 'nephew' of D'Shauneaux,
or rather, that C.J. Parker, who, according to the Cowboy's account,
survived and propagated the lineage of the Author, was the actual,
living, breathing, nephew and co-conspirator of Vice-Admiral Bubba
D'Shauneaux, who was the Head of Security for Gomez's precious
InterNet from its very inception.
"I have every reason to believe,"
Bubba continued, finally answering Alexis' question, "that
the breadth and scope of his inquiries into this matter will set
in motion a 'chain-reaction' that will result in the actualization
of what has hitherto remained only a myth-the creation of the
mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs', whose existence has been debated
for the last hundred years."
"Now, my dear, I must take my rest,
but be assured that I will, upon rising, broach the subject of
what possibility there may be, though I would not wish to lead
you to believe that there is any but the slimmest of hopes, in
changing the prospects of the Cowboy-for the better, naturally."
Bubba immediately began to drift off to sleep, praying that, by
the time he awoke, he might have truly found some small, real
hope to give to Alexis in regard to her 'new love' in life, the
Cowboy. Channel 23 - Toast

@_date: 1997-04-02 20:01:09
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 24 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Jonathan sipped on his shot of Jim Beam,
scanned the profusion of literature stacked in front of him, and
let out a long overdue sigh of astonishment.
He still found it hard to believe that such a rag-tag band of
off-the-wall individuals, railing against the storm of madness
around them, could have had such a long-reaching impact on the
society and technology around them.
Jonathan had sorted the CypherPunks emails
and CyberPosts into a thousand different categories, arranged
first this way, and then another, and had finally ended up with
just two piles, marked 'sane' and 'insane'.
He laughed, had another sip of bourbon, and lit a cigarette.
These fuckers were crazy, there was no denying
that. In many ways, they were philosopher Kings, arguing, from
a position of comfort and security, over how many CryptoAngels
could stand on the head of a pin.
On any given day they might be found joined together in a mighty
voice, railing against the forces of oppression that were threatening
their freedom, and the freedom of all around them. The next day,
they would be enmeshed in petty squabbles over some minor point
of mathematical theory that the rest of the world neither knew
or cared about.
To all apparent purposes, a quick overview of the postings to
the CypherPunks list would give the impression that the great
debates they engaged in had resulted in little of real import,
other than to perpetuate their own intellectual arrogance.
However, a certain post caught Jonathan's
eye and caused him to begin an investigation that made him view
the CypherPunks eloquently mad ramblings in a new light.
(An inside joke. It was four and
a half years ago, five months before
Clipper, that I wrote an article
for sci.crypt entitled "A Trial Balloon to
Ban Crypto?" This outlined Dorothy
Denning's "trial balloon" to restrict
cryptography in various ways, including
Clipper and key escrow schemes.
There were hundreds of responses
to this article, as old archives may show,
and it was one of the first warnings
about what has since come to pass.)
Jonathan checked the records, and found
that Tim May's claims were, in fact, true. He proceeded to check
the records of that era further, and found that a great deal of
the discussions of the CypherPunks had indeed had a serious impact
on the issues of their day, or foretold the issues of the future.
The CypherPunks had apparently, in their time, stood at the nadir
point of the future, where the issues that were of concern to
them-freedom, privacy, encryption, anarchy-were the issues which
would decide the difference between a future in which mankind
would be free, and a future in which mankind would find themselves
enslaved by impersonal forces with a life of their own-forces
which stood apart from true human concerns.
Once he had divined this important characteristic
of the CypherPunks rambling discussions, Jonathan suddenly became
aware of the significance of the attempted takeover of the CypherPunks
list, and the subsequent attacks on their remailer system. It
threw a whole new light on both affairs.
It had been a mystery to Jonathan why one of the list founders
would have taken part in such a transparent and badly executed
plan to enforce censorship on such a omnivorous pack of sharp-toothed
anarchist. Now, however, it seemed to Jonathan that certain entities
within the CypherPunks had received advanced warning of the coming
remailer attacks and had precipitated the censorship crisis in
order to shake up the list membership and get them pumped up for
the coming battle.
Or, perhaps not.
Like everything else surrounding the CypherPunks,
the motivations and personal impetus behind the actors in these
scenarios would eternally remain a mystery except to the individuals
involved. (And, in some cases, maybe even to the individuals themselves.)
But regardless of the particular motivations
of each individual CypherPunk, there was no denying that the end
result of their cycles of sanity and insanity led to technological
innovations and definitions of socio-political issues that changed
the face of science and society around them.
It was not just the direct results of their developmental efforts
that had a long-ranging impact, but also their propensity for
circumventing systems, methodologies and legislative actions,
which then led to those in authority scrambling madly to close
the technical and legal loopholes that the CypherPunks would pry
open each time that government and corporate interests would attempt
to slam shut the lid on privacy and freedom.
At each stage of CypherPunk achievement,
it seemed that the government would usurp control over its development,
at which point the hackers and phreaks would compromise the government
approved systems, while the CypherPunks were busy taking the technology
to yet another level (which the government would again legislate
government control over).
When Jonathan had begun to suspect the amount
of impact the CypherPunks had had in their time, he began to cross-reference
their activities with the archives from 'Wired', 'Hot-Wired',
'Hard-Wired' and 'Un-Wired'. In almost every case, the CypherPunks
were leading the techo-political arena of their day, instead of
complacently following along behind.
"Assassination Politics," originated
by Jim Bell, had been just a theoretical exercise during his lifetime,
dismissed by most who read it as a thinly veiled joke, at best.
Bell, however, had developed a workable autobot which instituted
his system, albeit in a very rudimentary way.
Basically, his procedure was analogous to
a lottery system where the players were contributing to a prize
that could be collected, not by chance, but by anyone who fulfilled
the preconditions of those contributing. And the precondition
was that, in order to pocket the 'prize', one had to assassinate
the person targeted by the contributors. Since Bell's system used
anonymous remailers, his system would allow individuals and groups
to anonymously defend themselves from all types of aggression.
Eventually someone modified Bell's 'Assassination
Bot' to serve as a useful tool for political polling. Someone
else took it a step further, and it became a valid electoral tool.
Then, inevitably, just before the Channel Revolution broke out,
it's newly refined features were once again modified to serve
Bell's original purpose, and all hell broke loose when established
geo-political figures began dropping like flies, or resigning
in terror when they realized that the people were indeed speaking,
and doing so by putting a price on the heads of their oppressors.
William Geiger III's system of revolving
web mirrors never made the cut as a viable method of circumventing
various governments' blocking of web pages they considered undesirable
for their citizens to have access to. Likewise, Adam Back's hash-cash
digital collision system, which required users to use CPU time
to develop email postage credits, failed in its stated purpose
of lessening the amount of spam, or unsolicited email, which had
plagued InterNet users at the time he developed the concept.
Later, however, a retired Phil Zimmerman,
not content to rest on his laurels as the 'Father of Public Cryptography',
had combined the two concepts with a new public key technology,
and made it possible for those with access to revolving public
keys to access the mirrors, while those without them were faced
with needing to expend inordinate amounts of CPU time in order
to generate the massive amounts of hash-cash needed in order to
follow the chain of mirrors to the 'undesirable' sites.
Governments would, of course, eventually
ferret out the sources of the mirror sites, at which time the
underground organization 'InterNet Free World' would merely broadcast
the new mirror keys and new mirror site-maps to members of the
Trusted Others, and the dissemination process would begin all
over again, with the government having to start, once more, from
Ground Zero.
In almost every thread Jonathan followed,
there would be some minor or major item of discussion or development
which would later prove to be an influential fulcrum-point from
which various technologies or social causes would spring up and
The one thing which seemed to be odd to
Jonathan, however, was the quickness with which the remailer network
disappeared into the woodwork after they came under socio-politico
attack from every conceivable direction.
The problem with the remailers was that
they served their purpose a little too well. They were an easily
accessible way for the average person to remain anonymous while
sending email, thus hiding their identity from those they sent
their missives to.
In theory, the remailers were a wonderful
tool for the disadvantaged, the oppressed, and other victims of
circumstance to anonymously address issues that could bring serious
repercussions down on them if their identity became known.
In actual practice, however, they became a tool for assholes and
aggressive entrepreneurs to prey upon a multitude of victims without
their targets having a method of recourse. When the InterNet underwent
a massive increase in popularity, the weirdoes, assholes and money-grubbers
became the order of the day, and the capabilities that the anonymous
remailers offered for them to escape consequences for even the
most abominable of actions left the remailers open to extremely
high levels of abuse.
Since the users remained anonymous, the
only target of attack for those who felt victimized by the messages
passing through them were the remailer operators.
The government agencies which wished to replace the CypherPunks
remailers with their own email routing systems launched a campaign
to totally discredit the individual remailers, and soon they were
dropping like flies, both from covert government manipulations
and subsequent legislation leaving them open to legal attack,
once the public outcry began.
What Jonathan found curious was the fact
that the CypherPunks went to great lengths to develop various
systems and methodologies to counter the growing inadequacies
of the remailers once the common masses descended on the InterNet,
and yet, just when they seemed to have theoretically solved most
of the problems before them, the CypherPunks remailers folded
in a surprisingly short period of time.
Jonathan had, by this time, learned that any anomalies surrounding
the CypherPunks was best approached with an in-depth analysis
of all events surrounding the mysterious events, and what he found
when he did a cross-patch analysis of the emails from this time
period surprised him, to say the least.
Tim May, the undisputed bellwether of the
CryptoPhilospher Kings, had been the target of a massive campaign
of ASCII art attacks, subjecting him to all kinds of demeaning
implications as to his character and his morals. These attacks
were all done anonymously, although the common view was that they
were propagated by the evil Dr. Vulis, a man with a solid background
in cryptography, but a mental bent which endeared him to few on
the mailing list.
A short time before the rapid decline of the CypherPunks remailers,
however, there was a weird series of graphic-image attacks on
May, apparently by regular members of the list, including those
who had a history of fully supporting him in many of his statements
of position on the list.
This lasted for a couple of weeks, and then
came to an abrupt stop.
Try as he might, Jonathan could not make
heads nor tails of this seemingly out-of-character attack on one
of the patriarchs of the CypherPunks mailing list.
Then, out of the blue, he heard an echo of laughter from a time
long past. A time when he would crouch under the desk in his grandfather's
study, listening to the boisterous laughter of the CypherPunks
as they threw barbed challenges back and forth from one to the
And suddenly, he knew...
The remailers had gone underground.
The list members were laughing, not at Tim
May, but at the world, as they parodied the ASCII art attacks
on him, all the time leaving messages deep in the innards of the
graphic artwork that seemed so irksome, on the surface.
Suddenly, Jonathan understood why the CypherPunks, on the verge
of solving all of their remailer problems, had suddenly folded
what seemed to be a winning hand.
They had clearly seen the purge that would come as a result of
the government using the momentum of unfavorable public perception
against the remailers, and had taken themselves out of the line
of fire by seemingly letting the remailers fall by the wayside.
But the CypherPunks had survived and prevailed, right up to the
end of Channel War II, and Jonathan sensed that they did not do
so by caving in so easily to outside pressure from even the highest
of sources.
He did byte-by-byte analysis of the information stored in the
least significant bits of the graphical art submitted to the CypherPunks
list in the weeks before the remailers folded. All he got was
an incoherent jumble of characters which seemed to follow no meaningful
pattern that lent itself to any regular form of analysis.
Jonathan had been exposed to enough CypherPunk humor that he had
little trouble in figuring out that the mysterious messages contained
in the artwork could likely be decrypted using Tim May's PGP secret
key, but he was at a loss as to how to acquire it.
Jonathan sat back, sipped on his Jim Beam, and smiled. If his
suspicions were right, then he already had the key.
Chapter 24 - Stego

@_date: 1997-04-03 12:27:56
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Re: BIG BROTHER (qoute without comment) 
Around 20 years ago, I found out that the RCMP, during the course
of their evening shifts, regularly cruised motel parking lots, taking
down all of the license numbers and running checks on them.
  I found this out from first-hand experience, waiting to be booked
for the crime of having a name vaguely similar to someone they were
looking for.
  I have no doubt that many law enforcement agencies, including the
RCMP (Royal Canadian Mounted Police for you non-frostbacks), have
made this kind of prying more efficient by enlisting the aide of
the motel management in their quest to follow every movement of
everyone, everywhere, at all times (except during donut-breaks).

@_date: 1997-04-03 12:28:16
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Re: q.N2 
And I heard about the Jews killing Jesus, using the Torah
as their authority.
  Many of these Jews work out in the open, under authority of the
Torah, due to the structure of their religion and many Jewish
  Perhaps we need to pass some legislation to ensure that Jesus will be safe from Jews when he comes back.
  Hitler was misunderstood. He was merely protecting the citizens
from Jews. The fact that Hitler's methods were so successful suggests
that these methods can be effectively used agains drug dealers and
  Anyone disguising their activities by using encryption probably
have Jews, drug dealers and pornographers hidden in their basement.

@_date: 1997-04-05 12:17:51
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 26-27 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Ask Not For Whom Bell Toils...
Ask Not For Whom Bell Trolls...
It was a two-line email from over a century in the past, but its
impact on Jonathan's train of thought was inestimable. The content
of the message was negligible, but in it, Jonathan heard the gentle
whisper of the Tao.
The space between heaven and earth is like a bellows.
The shape changes, but not the form;
The more it moves, the more it yields.
More words count less.
Hold fast to the center.
"More words count less..." Jonathan softly spoke
to himself, pausing, knowing but unable to understand...
"So fewer words count more!" he virtually shouted, shooting
up out of his chair. He paced rapidly back and forth, feeling
foolish. He was certain that he had just had a revelation that
would soon make everything clear, but didn't have any specific
evidence that it was so. He couldn't prove it.
"Damn." Jonathan swore, realizing that he was not only
talking to himself, but was now even swearing at himself.
"Damn." he swore again.
Jonathan's grandfather had hated what he called "magical
thinking." Although he was given to a world-view which encompassed
a wide range of philosophical concepts, his grandfather detested
the magical thinking type of mystical horseshit which had become
so prevalent in his day, imputing causation to events which could
not stand the test of human reason.
Jonathan had been heavily influenced in this area by his grandfather's
opinion, and that was much of the reason that he had become such
an excellent programmer and computer analyst, being one of the
youngest members of the team that adapted GelMem for use with
the Nuclear Quantum computing systems.
Facts, figures, numbers, relations, that was what was real, what
could be held on to. That was what had given Jonathan the stability
and balance that made him who he was, and had made possible all
that he had accomplished.
But what had he accomplished? Here he was, sitting alone in his
new apartment, unable to leave, afraid to stay. A man marked for
death, drinking like a fiend and struggling mightily with ancient
messages in order to unravel some antediluvian myth that was the
result of nothing more than the babbling of a drunken old fool.
"Damn, damn, damn!" he shouted once again, flinging
the glass he was holding against the wall, where it shattered,
and scattered across the floor, as if in mocking parody of the
condition that his own life had quickly fallen into since his
visit to that babbling maniac, Bubba Rom Dos.
"Myth...mysticism...bullshit!" Jonathan shouted.
He grabbed his shirt and strode toward the door, reaching for
the handle and then abruptly halted, realizing that there was
nowhere to go. He had no real friends, no one who would not turn
him into the authorities the moment they saw him. There was nowhere
to go, and worse yet, no one to go to.
Jonathan slowly walked back to his chair and sank down in resignation,
pouring himself a fresh shot of Jim Beam, into one of the many
shotglasses sitting on the small table beside his workstation.
He stared once again at the shattered pieces of his life...glass,
he corrected himself, smiling grimly at this slip that had confirmed
his continuing slide into insanity. He took a small sip of the
bourbon and then stared off into space, frozen in time and unable
to move either forward or backward.
Give up learning, and put an end to your troubles.
Is there a difference between yes and no?
Is there a difference between good and evil?
Must I fear what others fear? What Nonsense!
Others are contented, enjoying the sacrificial feast
of the ox.
In spring some go to the park and climb the terrace,
But I alone am drifting, not knowing where I am.
Like a newborn babe before it learns to smile,
I am alone, without a place to go.
Jonathan hung his head, and for the first time since he could
remember, he wept openly and unashamedly, his body heaving mightily
with each new round of sobs which shook loose the remainder of
the life he had desperately been trying to hold onto, as the teardrops
streamed down his face, turning into a river that burst the damn
of his ego and washed away the shattered pieces of his life, leaving
only a small, still silence in its wake.
Jonathan's mind was empty, but he felt refreshed. Drained and
weak, but somehow refreshed, nonetheless. And different...
A man is born gentle and weak.
At his death he is hard and stiff.
Therefore the stiff and unbending is the disciple of
The gentle and yielding is the disciple of life.
Thus an army without flexibility never wins a battle.
A tree that is unbending is easily broken.
The hard and strong will fall.
The soft and weak will overcome.
Jonathan turned his attention to the printouts on the VideoWall
in front of him. He rearranged them so that they began with the
smallest posts and ended with the largest.
The first contained only two lines in the message body.
"Ask not for whom Bell toils...", and
"Ask not for whom Bell trolls...:
These two small lines started a small pebble rolling down a hill
in Jonathan's mind, knocking against other pebbles and small rocks,
setting them in motion and starting a chain reaction which turned
into an avalanche under which created a huge mound at the bottom,
under which lay...Stego.
Jonathan smiled, once again. He had instinctively known that the
key to following the trail of the disappearing remailers and CypherPunks
would lie in cipher.
He had found Tim C. May's PGP secret key. It was Priscilla who
had inadvertently pointed it to him-at least, he assumed it had
been inadvertent, but now he was not so certain about that.
She had been very aggressive in questioning him about his tattoo,
regardless of his resistance, due to it having been such a sore
point personally, and such a danger to him publicly, for all these
Priscilla had finally wormed out of him the fact that he had had
it since childhood, for almost as long as he could remember. She
immediately launched into a stinging diatribe about what an awful
thing that was to do to a child, castigating his parents, his
grandfather, the CypherPunks, and carrying on almost to the point
of hysteria. Then, just as he was about explode in rage at her,
she abruptly dropped the point, and proceeded to calmly explain
the process of initiation into the Circle of Eunuchs.
He thought he had forgotten about the incident until he had instinctively
known that Tim May's secret crypto key would be the master key...skeleton
key he thought, humorously, glancing at the article on the VideoWall-
Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from
Netly News-which announced the 'Death of the CypherPunks, prematurely
as it turned out...
Anyway, in the midst of his mystification as to how he could possibly
retrieve the key, which had been buried with May, as was CypherPunk
custom, his eye caught the word stegonography in an old post,
and he had immediately turned his attention to his tattoo-the
Mark of the Toad.
It had taken Jonathan all night with a magnifying glass and a
mirror to decipher the key hidden therein, but it had indeed opened
the doors to the paradoxical Timmy C. May graphical art postings
that immediately preceded the apparent death of the CypherPunks
Those posts revealed the hidden trail of the now underground CypherPunks
remailers, among other things. And it gave Jonathan much of the
information he needed to separate the 'double' agents from the
'triple' agents on the list, as well.
Even more curiously, however, it revealed a parallel thread of
personas who seemed to exist and operate separately from both
the spooks on the list and the hard-core, life-long members of
the list. A shadowy entity which seemed to operate independently
of, but parallel to those who formed the true core of the CypherPunks
"The Mythical Circle of Eunuchs?" Jonathan softly asked
himself, certain that it was true, yet somehow not true, at the
same time. A paradox of the nature that had so recently torn him
apart inside, only now this mystical paradox seemed to coexist
peacefully with the cool logic and reason that had always been
a part of his life.
The mystic and the logical were no longer at war within him. He
no longer felt the burning need to tear apart, analyze and apply
structure to that which seems better suited to flow through the
cracks in the cages he built to constrain it.
Once the whole is divided, the parts need names.
There are already enough names.
One must know when to stop.
Knowing when to stop averts trouble.
Tao in the world is like a river flowing to the sea.
"Ask not for whom Bell toils..."
"Ask not for whom Bell trolls..."
Jim Bell represented the first of the overt physical and legal
attacks on the CypherPunks as individuals. First, the attack on
the list. Second, the assault on the remailers. Then this opening
skirmish in the campaign of direct assaults on individual CypherPunks
around the world.
But by now Jonathan was used to looking beneath the surface of
events connected to the CypherPunks and he knew that the apparent
victims were often the protagonists, and vice versa, or any combination
And now, because of two simple lines of an email message, he was
certain that he could unravel the true nature of the events surrounding
the full range of attacks which had commenced with the famed 'moderation
experiment' set in motion by John Gilmore, one of the founding
patriarchs of the list.
Jonathan put aside his keypad and began tracing the tangled trail
on onion paper, with an ancient, faded fountain pen that had belonged
to his grandfather.
Soon...very soon...he would know everything.
When Bubba Rom Dos IV arose the following morning, he was immediately
met by a smiling Alexis, who obviously had not slept the previous
evening, holding a fresh robe for him. He had a long, leisurely
shower and, refreshed, sat down with her, once again, to continue
where he had left off the night before.
She was anxiously awaiting his 'revelation' as to what could be
done about aiding the Cowboy in his desperate situation.
Bubba, having not the slightest idea of where to even begin
seeking an answer to this question, if indeed there were
any possible answer, just smiled confidently, and began.
"Let me explain, please, my dearest niece, about the 'initiations'
that your mother, and others like her, have performed under the
direction of the Rom Dos lineage, over the period of the last
"After we have engaged the services of some shameless, flirtatious,
pre-pubescent young hussy to lift the wallets of the seekers who
'lighten' my doorstep, we then send an emissary, such as your
mother, to perform two distinct functions.
"The first function is to give them a solid grounding in
the true legend, according to the tradition of the Rom Dos lineage,
of the history of the Magic Circle, and the complete mythology
of the 'Circle of Eunuchs' in all its detail, including their
ongoing battle against the Evil One and his minions, particularly
Gomez, and the Dark Forces at his command.
"The initiator's second function is to give the initiate
the 'truth' about Bubba Rom Dos, and to initiate them into the
'Circle of Eunuchs', itself.
"The 'truth' they are told, concerning Bubba Rom Dos, is
as follows:
1. Bubba Rom Dos is a broken down old derelict who fancies himself
to be some kind of spiritual leader and spokesman for the 'Circle
of Eunuchs', but who, in fact, has no connection whatsoever with
the Magic Circle and, in fact is not even certain that the 'Circle',
in fact, exists.
This has been true, from the very beginning. The Xenix Chainsaw
Massacre, in recounting the original meeting from which the mythical
organization was formed, clearly mentions that Bubba Rom Dos I,
after delivering a rousing opening speech, began to lose control
of both his mind and his bladder and, quickly becoming an annoying
embarrassment to the whole process, was thrown out of the meeting
on his fat, drunken ass.
2. Those who are in a position to initiate one into the Magic
Circle intercept those who approach Bubba Rom Dos, and later secretly
establish contact with them, having surreptitiously gained knowledge
of their identity and whereabouts, thus having had the opportunity
to 'screen' them.
They are not told, however, that this interception and contact
is done under the direction of the Rom Dos lineage. Neither are
they told that there is no screening done-there is no need
to, since there is no Magic Circle, and, as you will see,
no way they can bring danger to anyone else.
3. It is dangerous to associate with Bubba Rom Dos. He is watched
constantly by agents of the Evil One, and his contacts are monitored.
It is, without doubt, dangerous to one's liver to associate
with persons of any persuasion, or lineage, who go by the
name of Bubba, since the name seems to have been chosen for use
by all who carry on the traditions of an ancient geographical
sect who were known as the 'Irish'.
Though Rom Dos contacts have always been monitored by agents of
the Evil One, they have long ago ceased to pay any special attention
to those monitored, unless special circumstances dictate it. You
will soon see why this is so.
4. Children, in particular, should be kept away from Bubba Rom
Dos, as he is an evil, corrupting influence on them, and there
have been well-founded rumors of pedophilia involved.
Case in point: one pre-pubescent young girl, named Alexis. Flirting
with strangers, acting the 'harlot' and stealing young men's wallets-and
currently 'in love' with a much older man (no telling what
kind of outrageous, obscene behavior has been going on), and drinking
hard-liquor, to boot, at the tender age of (almost) thirteen.
The 'rumors of pedophilia' are indeed well-founded, having been
founded and proliferated by the Rom Dos lineage, themselves, to
suit their purposes. "
Bubba paused, to sip his drink, first 'toasting' his corrupted,
young protg, and Alexis interrupted, with a school-girl
"There's been some 'obscene behavior' going on between myself
and the Cowboy, all right, I just wish I could get him in person,
to where I already have him, in my imagination."
Bubba shook his head, in bewilderment, and replied,
"For all the trouble my ancestors and myself have gone to
propagate wild stories about our perverse proclivities, the rumors
have never been able to match what seems to go on, naturally,
in the minds of the young girls with whom we associate. The world
would little believe the truth of the matter, which is that we
have, for over a century, found ourselves shocked, to the point
of blushing embarrassment, at the things that you young whippersnappers
come up with."
"What's a 'whippersnapper'?", Alexis asked, expectantly,
"Does it involve bondage?"
Bubba raised his eyes to the heavens, in silent supplication,
as if to say, "Please tell me that she's only teasing."
Alexis asked, seriously,
"Why do you promote rumors of pedophilia? Although I suspect
that I kind of understand, but I couldn't really explain it."
"Several reasons." Bubba replied, without hesitation.
"First, it tends to keep people at a distance, and make them
proceed cautiously in approaching us. This means that we are,
by and large, not bothered by a plethora of 'dilly-dally'ers'
who hang out with us for our 'entertainment value' as 'weirdoes'.
Those who do approach us, have to have sufficient concern
and motivation to overcome the 'stigma' of being seen with a 'highly
questionable' character. And their reluctance in approaching us
gives our helpers, such as yourself, ample opportunity to 'intercept'
them as they approach."
Alexis nodded, knowing this to be true, from her own experience.
"Also, it gives you great powers of distraction, both over
those who are watching us and, in particular, over the young (and
sometimes older) men that you are intercepting. You may have noticed
this, in your work."
Alexis almost howled with wholehearted agreement.
"Boy, howdy!", she said-an expression she had picked
up from the Cowboy. "They get so flustered, that I could
probably take their pants off and they would hardly notice.
Is it because I'm at the age where I have all of the tools...",
she stopped to 'correct' herself, "I mean, attributes
of a woman, to make them think of me in a womanly way, but I'm
still carrying the 'taboo' of being a child, so to speak.?"
"Exactly" Bubba replied, smiling, "and that's the
chief reason for their becoming 'flustered' to the point of distraction.
They get 'brain lock' and 'body lock' because there they are in
public, with people watching, and they have to 'fight' their strong
natural urges, in order not to appear to be a filthy, low-down,
vile, scum-sucking pedophile."
"Like yourself.", Alexis teased.
"Exactly.", Bubba responded, reaching playfully out
to pinch her, god only knows where, only to have his hand slapped,
as always.
Alexis cried, "Pervert! Uncle Pervert!", she
laughed. She reflected on something for a moment, then asked,
surprised she had never thought of it before,
"But what if I had been dealing with a real pedophile?",
she looked a bit concerned.
"A real pedophile," Bubba stated, "would
not approach within a million miles of your outrageously flirtatious,
pretty little butt, my dear. Not in public, with people watching.
Their 'worst nightmare' is getting 'caught in the act' of their
sick perversion, or even in 'contemplation of' the act. And there
is no way they could hide their true desires in the face of a
vixenous little 'Lolita' such as yourself, my sweet."
There was a pause, as Bubba gave Alexis time to reflect on the
train of thought that would naturally come next in her mind.
"What about when I'm not in public?", Bubba could
see that she had never, prior to this conversation, thought of
the possible risks involved in what she had considered an enjoyable
'game' of learning the true 'potential' of her womanly 'tools',
as she so often called them as they were developing.
"You are watched...twenty-four hours a day...by women
hand-picked by your mother from an elite group of women. Women
who know, and have experienced, the dangers possible to women
who are vulnerable, and who are now fully capable of insuring
that the 'danger' is now pointing in the other direction."
"Do you remember the gentleman who ran the fruit-stand across
from your apartment?", Bubba asked Alexis. "The one
who spent three months in a wheel-chair? It was a result of genital
swelling. Caused by your neighbor, Mrs. Ashley, on your behalf."
"Ms. Ashley?", Alexis was in a state of shocked disbelief.
"She's a million years old, with arthritis, and can hardly
walk when it gets cold."
"Yes,", Bubba agreed, "and she can rip the nuts
off a grizzly bear in the dark of night, while 'juggling oranges
and whistling Dixie', as they used to say in my great grandfather's
"As a matter of fact, she's the one who founded the 'unit'
I referred to, and her recruits always said, 'You don't mess,
with the Ms.', and they said it with the utmost respect."
"I guess I should thank you...", Alexis began, only
to have Bubba wave away her gratitude.
"No, please don't, Alexis."
"Your protection falls in the realm of a 'sacred duty' that
must, without fail, be performed as a prerequisite for engaging
the services of one who is not yet of sufficiently developed to
the point of being able to take full responsibility for consenting
to what will be required of them, nor fully capable of understanding
the risks involved, however minimal. Thus, it is a sacred duty,
for your mother and myself, to ensure that the experience will
be to your benefit, and in no way to your detriment."
A light suddenly went on in Alexis' head.
"It's not just a 'coincidence' that my mother 'dated' so
many psychologists that she didn't seem particularly attracted
to, romantically, is it?"
"No,", Bubba chuckled, smiling, "but they all agreed,
to a man, that they never saw any need for concern for your psychological
well-being, but were gravely concerned about the effect that your
pre-pubescent, perverted little mind might have on a broken-down
old derelict such as myself."
"So what's the term for a child who molests old men?",
Alexis said, with a laugh, reaching out and giving Bubba's buttocks
a good, solid pinch.
"A whippersnapper!", Bubba shouted out in pain,
slapping her hand, and they both began laughing at each other.
Shortly, Bubba began explaining, once again, the process of 'initiation'.
"After receiving the 'truth' and the 'warnings' concerning
Bubba Rom Dos, our emissaries would proceed to 'initiate' the
'chosen' into the 'Circle of Eunuchs', and outline the basic requirements
expected of them, and what they could expect in return."
"These were as follows:
1. For reasons of security, they would have no way of contacting
the 'Circle', or anyone in it, until such time as it was decreed
that it was necessary, and that they were a safe risk.
In actual fact, there was never any further contact made. There
was no 'Circle', at least, that the Rom Dos lineage was
aware of, in existence, so there was no one to contact.
2. They were, upon 'initiation', full members of the 'Circle'
and obliged to commit to a life-long service of the Magic Circle.
Until such time as they were contacted, and given instructions
or orders, they were to develop, to the best of their abilities,
their computer skills, keeping in mind the kinds of expertise
that they might need when the time came for action.
Our theory was that, if we made them life-long members, they would
be ready and waiting if the mythical 'Circle' ever did surface,
if it actually existed, of course.
We also felt that a multitude of self-directed, self-trained individuals,
if they ever were brought into the 'Circle' and unleashed, would
have a multitude of differing approaches to unique situations,
thus making it exceedingly difficult to analyze, categorize and
counteract their talents and skills.
3. They were told to watch, and wait, ever vigilant, for a 'sign'
from the 'Circle', whether they had been contacted or not. We
told them, with a great air of mystery, that they would know
the message when they heard it, and know that it was time
to act.
It sounded good to us, and it might, after all, some day be true,
instead of 'horseshit'.
4. They were given a 'secret account number' to send donations
to, in order to support the 'activities' of the 'Circle', and
instructions on how to hide the monetary and credit transfers.
Gomez and the Dark Allies knew and recorded every single transaction,
of course, there was no way to hide it.
Our clever, masterful plan, however, was to spend every last penny
donated on riotous living and a licentious lifestyle, with only
the purest of intentions, of course-namely, to convince Gomez,
beyond a shadow of a doubt, that Bubba Rom Dos was a thieving,
broken-down old derelict whose only angle in this whole 'Circle
of Eunuchs' affair, was to rake poor, impressionable youths for
every penny possible, and piss it all away in pursuit of Bacchanalian
excess and lascivious conduct."
"And no one will deny that I, and my ancestors, more than
succeeded in this aim." Bubba added, lifting his shotglass
in toast to himself.
"So basically," Alexis summarized, "the Rom Dos
lineage, of which you are a proud member, spent four generations
purporting to be, and confirming, that they were drunken, psychotic,
child-molesting losers, and suckered a multitude of trusting 'seekers'
into waiting for something which did not even, to your knowledge,
even exist, while scamming these poor, lost souls' hard-earned
funds to support your debauchery."
"Yes." Bubba replied, proudly patting his generous,
rotund, pot-belly, "Once you remove all of the eloquent sugar-coating
I've added to my explanation, that is pretty much what our work
has all boiled down to."
"Nice work, if you can get it.", Alexis added, with
a huge smirk.
"Ain't it, though.", Bubba replied, and they both laughed
like banshees, and toasted one another with upraised shot-glasses,
filled to the brim with Bubba Rom Dos' Private Reserve of Jim
Beam. They both grew silent, Alexis' face grew gravely serious, and
Bubba realized that it was now time to address her heartfelt question
concerning the Cowboy's fate.
As much as he hated himself for it, Bubba felt that his only alternative
was to proceed according to his perennial fall-back plan, and
spread as much 'manure' as humanly possible, hoping that something
might grow out of it.
"Alexis," Bubba began, "the Cowboy has set his
plan in motion, and willingly sacrificed himself to achieve his
ends, which are for the benefit of the whole of humanity, at the
most critical point in the history of human development."
"It would be a sacrilege for anyone else to take actions
which might negatively affect the outcome of the plan he has set
in motion, at great cost to himself."
"You, however...", he looked deeply into Alexis'
eyes, "you have a connection to the Cowboy that goes
beyond a relationship of 'one' to the 'other'. You, and
only you, have a right to..."
Bubba stopped, abruptly, in mid-sentence, and Alexis, hanging
on his every word, drinking in every nuance of what he was saying,
waited for him to continue.
"Shit!", Bubba said.
"Shit!", he said, again. "I fucked it up. I should
have waited until I was sober."
"Damn!", he exclaimed, in exasperation.
"Bubba, what the hell are you talking about?", Alexis
asked, now worried.
Bubba, seeing no other way around it, told the truth.
"Alexis, I have no idea of anything that I or anyone else
can do to pull the Cowboy's ass out of the fire. I was planning
on feeding you a bunch of horseshit about you being the only one
who could 'connect' with him and find out what might be done,
but then I realized that it would leave you 'holding the
bag' for his death..."
"...Sorry, dear. That was a very bad choice of words."
"Look, Alexis, I'm drunk, I'm tired, and 'Circle of Eunuchs'
or not, you and I are on Gomez's Number Uno Hit List, and I have
not the slightest inkling of how to save 'our' asses, let alone
the Cowboy's, so just let me drink myself into a stupor and go
to sleep, and I'll be able to feed you a much better line of horseshit
when I've had a chance to rest."
"Hell, I'll probably come up with a line of horseshit so
good that I might even believe it, myself."
Bubba watched the blood boil to the top of Alexis' body, turning
her face a fiery red, and he realized that he was about to once
again serve his prime purpose in life, which was to take a well-deserved
shit-kicking for being such a sorry piece-of-shit, so he was not
surprised when the first blow came.
"You ratfucker!" Alexis screamed, as the first
blow almost knocked Bubba on his 'can'. The second blow followed
"You sorry, no-good, piece-of-shit, ratfucker!",
a good, solid body-blow that sent Bubba sinking to his knees.
"How could you even think of doing that to a twelve
year-old child.", she screamed with the third blow, as
Bubba groaned from the realization that she was going to pull
out all the stops, and subject him to psychological abuse, as
"Almost thirteen.", he whispered, in self-defense.
"TWELVE!", Alexis shouted at the top of her lungs,
so angry that she forgot to hit him this time, but she quickly
made up for her momentary lapse.
"Twelve! Twelve. Twelve", she repeated, in conjunction
with three shots to his chest that knocked the wind out of him
and sent him sprawling backwards, onto the floor.
Bubba lay there docile and resigned, waiting for the next series
of blows which, after a few moments, he realized were not forthcoming.
Tentatively, he raised his head and saw Alexis sitting beside
him, holding out a shot-glass full of Jim Beam as a peace-offering.
"Almost thirteen.", she conceded.
Bubba looked at her, without the slightest trace of reconciliation
on his face, took the shot-glass from her hand, and said, sternly,
He knocked back the shot of Jim Beam, gave her his best lecherous
wink, and continued,
"Still young enough to spank!"
"You filthy old pervert!", Alexis exclaimed in
surprise. "Wait till I tell my mother your sick, twisted
"Hell," said Bubba, "I was fixing to spank her
They both laughed at the thought of what Priscilla might have
to say about this, but their views differed on this point.
"She'd probably decide to spank me, instead.",
said Bubba.
"No," Alexis said, "knowing mom, she'd probably
demand to be first."
After a short fit of laughter, they fell silent again for a few
"Yes, my love."
"Would you like to give your line of horseshit another try?
I need something to believe in and 'horseshit' is better
than 'no shit at all'. Bubba laughed, and realized that their falling into a common sense
of humor, as he and the Cowboy used to do, was probably a sure
sign that he had finally succeeded in being an evil influence
on youth-getting a twelve, almost thirteen, year-old girl drunk.
Bubba stumbled to his feet, he pretended to be pulling his fly
down, as he said,
"Alexis, I want you to tell me how many fingers you see."
She fell over, laughing, and he sank to the floor in laughter,
as Alexis said,
"That's the kind of humor that you and the Cowboy shared,
wasn't it?"
"Yes.", Bubba said, and remained silent for a short
"I miss him, Bubba."
"I miss him, too, dear."
Alexis poured them both another drink.
"Don't worry about getting me drunk, Bubba. Try to think
of it as saving the embalmer a little money."
They both laughed, once again, and grew silent. Then Bubba said,
"I probably should have gone with the 'Power of Myth' horseshit,
like I originally planned."
"Oh?", Alexis was interested. "How was that
pile of crap supposed to go?"
"I don't know, really, I hadn't finished working it all out."
"Well, then why don't we finish it together, and give it
a try?"
"O.K. What the hell.", Bubba began fishing through his
papers, while Alexis poured them another drink.
"Yes, drunk...I mean, dear." Alexis slapped him on the shoulder, for being 'silly'.
"Would we be laughing about dying, if we were sober?"
"Yes," Bubba said, after a moment's reflection, then
added, "but it wouldn't be near as funny."
The two of them broke into a fit of laughter that left them holding
their sides to keep from hurting. Alexis was still wiping the
tears from her eyes when she asked Bubba,
"You ever see those posters in the Museum, where the ancient
religions swindled people out of their money by using pictures
of skinny kids and claiming they were going to go to bed hungry
if people didn't send the religion, not the kids, a whole bunch
of money.?
"Yes.", Bubba replied.
Alexis rose to her feet, used her fingers to imitate the frame
of a poster, with herself in the middle, and proclaimed, in all
"Poor little Alexis is going to die sober, unless Bubba Rom
Dos donates another bottle of his Special Reserve to the 'Circle
of Eunuchs'."
She sat down, laughing, as Bubba, taking his cue, dug out another
bottle. And she grew morose, thinking, not about her own possibly
impending death, but that of the Cowboy.
"Bubba, do you realize that unless we bust the Cowboy out
of Nuthouse Number Nine, that I will, in all likelihood, die a
"Not if you fall asleep before I do.", Bubba replied,
sending them both into spasms of laughter, once again.
"No, I'm serious.", Alexis said, slapping at him to
'serious him up', but missing.
"Well," Bubba said, solemnly, 'you might 'die' a virgin,
but you probably wouldn't stay that way for long, because pedophilia
isn't my only perversion.", he doubled over, in laughter.
"No! You sick bastard, get serious.", she said, and
then decided that Bubba's remark was indeed as funny as he seemed
to think it was, and she went into another laughing fit, before
composing herself, once again.
"O.K. Alexis," Bubba suddenly said, having found the
papers he was looking for, "the Power of Myth is ready to
be subjected to frontal attack, and bent to do our bidding."
Chapter 26 - For Whom The Bell Trolls / Chapter 27
- Whippersnapper

@_date: 1997-04-06 18:45:40
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 28 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
"The Power of Myth is the cornerstone of the 'Inaugural
Enigma'. Mythos is the 'Black Bitch' of the universe...it's
the wildcard in the game of life."
Bubba and Alexis stared at the writing on the first sheet of paper
on their neat, organized pile. It was a large pile, representing
lifetimes of research on the concept of the Inaugural Enigma.
Research that had begun with the acquisition of the sheet of paper
that Bubba and Alexis were now pondering upon.
It was in the handwriting of the Fool.
Bubba set the Fool's quote aside, picked up the rest of the pile
and heaved it behind him, into the corner of the room. He set
the Fool's quote in between the two of them, and turned to Alexis.
"We begin."
Alexis sat silently, staring at the sheet of paper lying on the
floor in front of her. She lay back and stretched out on the rug.
She closed her eyes and let her mind go blank, once again. She
could feel Bubba's mind, equally quiescent, on the other side
of the sheet of paper, with the Fool's quote abiding placidly
between them, speaking to them from across the centuries.
"Bubba...", Alexis sat silent for a moment, waiting
for the question to gain its full shape in her mind, then continued,
"What makes myth real?"
Bubba opened his eyes, and thought about this for several minutes.
He sensed that it was a question that had the power to remove
the veil that had hung over their eyes regarding the full meaning
of the Fool's quote.
"Belief, for one thing, I suppose." Bubba said, then
added, "At least, belief opens the door, I am sure."
"I think you're right, about that.", Alexis said, thoughtfully.
"I remember when I was a young girl...last year,"
she giggled, then composed herself, "I had read 'Cinderella',
a small book from the Antiquities Library, and I wanted it to
be real, for me. I wanted it so very badly, I thought about it
all the time, and wished for it and wished for it. And then came
my eleventh birthday, and I wished so very much that I had a father.
Every birthday, I had always wished that I had a father to share
it with, to watch me grow up, and tell me what a big girl I was
getting to be. To put his big, strong arms around me and hug me-and
to love me.
"And when it came time to blow out my birthday candles, I
couldn't decide which to wish for, this time, a father, or for
Prince Charming. So I wished for both. And then the Cowboy came."
Alexis grew silent, lost in thought, and Bubba knew what she was
reliving in her memories.
The Cowboy had dropped by to speak to Bubba about a rendezvous
they had planned later on in the week. He was on his way to a
highly important InterNet security meeting, and said he could
stay only a few moments. Priscilla offered him the last piece
of Alexis' birthday cake, and had her take it to him. The Cowboy
could see how sad the youngster was, so he made an effort to cheer
her up, but she was having none of it.
The Cowboy didn't press the point, he merely made polite social
talk with Priscilla and Bubba, but while doing so, he walked over
to a table where some uninflated 'birthday balloons' lay. He picked
them up and fiddled with them, blowing them up and twisting and
joining them as he talked. He ignored Alexis, who was watching
with increasing interest as the balloons became a large multi-colored
bouquet of flowers, one with a magical artistic sense about it.
By the time he finished, the bouquet was marvelous, and Alexis
had become totally transfixed on it. The Cowboy turned with a
smile towards her, handed it to her and said, "For the 'birthday
Bubba knew now that Alexis' wishes-both of them-had taken a small
step towards becoming real that day. And it had something to do
with the ability of a fable, such as 'Cinderella', to inspire
belief, and the tradition of 'birthday wishes' to inspire hope,
and something to do with 'desire', which was common to both.
"Hope, belief and desire.", Bubba said. "The beginning
steps on the Road to Reality."
Alexis and Bubba closed their eyes and quieted their minds, once
again. They drifted silently on the Tao, where the past, present
and future walk hand-in-hand with destiny.
"Belief...", Alexis said, suddenly.
Bubba opened his eyes.
"I believed in the fable, in 'Cinderella. I believed
that it was real. Not that it happened.  Not exactly..."
"It was real.", Bubba replied, matter of factly.
"It was?", Alexis questioned.
"Of course, it was.", Bubba insisted. "In the realm
of fable, of course."
Seeing the look of uncertainty in Alexis' eyes, he continued,
"The realm of fable, of story-telling, is a realm of possibilities.
In a fable, that which is possible-by the very telling
of it-is made real...in the realm of possibilities."
"It is made really possible." Bubba said, then
expanded what he was espousing even further. "The telling
of the fable makes it possible, in our mind, for it to be real-for
"Yes, yes.", Alexis was excited. "It made it possible
for it be real for me. So then I could hope for it."
"Not exactly.", Bubba responded. "It allowed you
to have hope. It allowed hope to exist And hope-that it
might be possible for you-allowed you, on your eleventh
birthday, to wish for it."
"And it came true!", Alexis exclaimed.
"The Cowboy put off his important meeting so he could take
me to the Antiquities Wildlife Farm, and he bought me a ride on
a real, live camel, and sugar-whips, and did all the things that
a real father would do. It was the best birthday of my life."
Alexis was close to tears, from the memory.
"And now...", her reminisces had brought her back
to the last few days, and the Cowboy's present predicament. "...and
now, wishing doesn't seem to be enough."
"Perhaps," Bubba suggested, "because we are wishing...without
The two of them looked at one another for a brief moment, then
closed their eyes, and returned, once again, to letting the gentle
breeze of the Tao pick them up and carry them, on the wings of
a whisper, into the eternal now.
Bubba rose, stretching his limbs out as far as possible, in order
to bring them back to the world of motion, and watched as Alexis
awoke and opened her eyes to a new dawn.
"I must go, now, to join your mother and a few others in
preparing for whatever is coming, even though we have absolutely
no idea what that might be." , he said, bending down to give
Alexis a kiss. "Your part in our little play has ended, since it is a little
late to be recruiting, I believe, so why don't you stay here and
continue where we left off, last night."
"O.K.", Alexis said, stretching her own limbs out lazily.
"I don't have the 'answer', but I did get the right 'question',
in a dream, last night. I can't remember what it was, not in the
least, but it's a start It sounds kind of strange to say it like
that, but do you know what I mean?."
"Yes, indeed.", Bubba said with a chuckle. "Been
there, done that."
Bubba departed after telling Alexis that she would be perfectly
safe as long as she stayed put. It seems that Gomez's henchmen
had been seeking out Bubba Rom Dos and his compatriots, with no
success, so it appeared that his 'safe house' was indeed 'safe'.
Alexis was not troubled by Bubba's departure, or by being left
on her own to deal with what seemed to be an insurmountable problem.
Yesterday, it would have been quite the opposite, but today, for
some reason, it was not so. Today, she was a woman-a woman with
a purpose. And she was not about to let anything, even hopelessness,
deflect her from that purpose.
Alexis, for the thousandth time, looked down at the quote from
the Fool.
This time, as she looked at the quote, she felt a gentle breeze
blowing in the room-a breeze that seemed to be a breath, a breath
that was everywhere at once, that moved, but without direction,
without source, that just was.
And the breath seemed to be the same breath that spoke to her
in her dream the night before. A breath which, as she looked at
the quote of the Fool, asked a riddle. A simple riddle, the riddle
of a child.
"The Power of Myth is the cornerstone of the 'Inaugural
Enigma'. Mythos is the 'Black Bitch' of the universe...it's
the wildcard in the game of life."
"What is it that, not having it, one can give it away,
nonetheless, and, in doing so, gain possession of it themselves?"
The question came floating, pervading her mind, tickling
the nerves of her brain, and evoking a memory. The memory was
of her eleventh birthday, once again, later in the day, when Alexis
was saying goodbye to the Cowboy and thanking him for spending
the whole afternoon with her, even though he missed his meeting.
"No, thank you.", the Cowboy had told Alexis',
grinning and obviously meaning it.
"I was only going to the meeting to quit, anyway.",
he had shared with her, absent-mindedly, as he fixed up her balloon
bouquet, which she had clung to all through the long day, and
was a bit worse for the wear.
"Quit your job?", Alexis had asked him.
"Quit everything.", was the Cowboy's cryptic
reply, as his gaze scanned the horizon, seeming to focus, at each
single point and everywhere, at the same time, on something unseen.
Then the Cowboy had looked at her softly, gently lifted her chin
with the tips of his fingers, and bent slowly down to kiss her
exquisitely, to her wide-eyed astonishment, on the lips.
"Thank you, Alexis.", he had said, then turned and strode
off like a man on a mission.
Alexis had stood there-for minutes or for hours, it didn't really
matter, because time had stopped-gazing at the wonderful bouquet
the Cowboy had made for her...just for her...and fantasizing
that he had gone off to conquer the world, and that he would one
day return, to lie it at her feet.
Priscilla had opened the door to the apartment, to let out the
cat, and saw her daughter standing there, motionless, lost in
thought. Priscilla had stuck her head out, glanced about, looked
at her daughter somewhat quizzically, then, with an inner shrug,
"Oh, you're back."
But she wasn't, really. She was still somewhere far away.
When Alexis went to bed, that night, she lay there thinking about
her wish...her wishes.
She had 'come back down to earth', by this time, and realized
that, though it had been a magical day, her life had not really
changed. The Cowboy was not her father, he was just a nice man
who took pity on a sad girl and helped her to have a wonderful
birthday. And he wasn't her Prince Charming, she was just an eleven
year-old girl he had thanked with a kiss-her first kiss...a
wonderful kiss-because he had a nice time with her that
afternoon. He was a gentleman.
But for one day, she had had a father, a 'birthday father'
to do all the things that a father is supposed to do with his
daughter on her birthday. And for one day, she had had
a Prince Charming, who kissed her on the lips-instead of on the
forehead, like a little girl-and strode off to conquer the world
for her.
Alexis had drifted off to sleep filled with contentment, happy
for what the Cowboy had given her, if only for one day, because
she had now know that it was possible for both of her wishes to
come true, some day. And she was happy that she had been able
to give him something in return, though she wasn't quite sure
what it was, only that he had thanked her for it...and that
it had something to do with 'not quitting'.
"What is it that, not having it, one can give it away,
nonetheless, and, in doing so, gain possession of it, themselves?"
"Hope.", Alexis said, returning to the present.  She
leapt to her feet, "I gave him hope-hope which he
didn't have, but had still given it to me!"
Alexis dug out a fresh change of clothes from her overnight bag,
and jumped into the shower. Despite the danger of leaving the
'safe house', she needed to go out for a short while.
She knew how to save the Cowboy! Chapter 28 - The Power of Myth

@_date: 1997-04-09 13:13:25
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 29 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Bureau 42
Jonathan was 'surfing the Net'.
He had accessed a directory in the Cowboy's database which had
led him into a world that was over a century removed from his
current troubles, and he was like a kid in a candy shop, checking
out the wide range of insanity that had been available at that
point in history.
Revisionism, anti-Revisionism, alt.nudity.mormon, alt.usenet.cabal,
the 'Kook of the Month' website. Dr. Grubor, Dr. Vulis, Dr. Roberts,
and even Old Doc Parker, one of the Author's hidden personas.
Jonathan was cruising the Information Highway, the high point
of the InterNet, wherein everyone with a few dollars to plunk
down could have their own website and make their own particular
brand of insanity a Rest Area on the Highway to Hell.
The CypherPunks, Phreaks and Hackers were just bit players in
the insanity of the times. For all of the denigrating allusions
to them in the WebWorld scheme of reality, they were fairly normal
when compared to the millions of average Joe/Jane Doe lunatics
staking out their own rubber-room on the fringes of CyberSpace.
Jonathan eventually took a break from his 'surfing' and got down
to the serious business of turning his attention to a renewed
analysis of the life and times of the CypherPunks in the period
surrounding the attacks on the lists, the remailers, and the individual
Jonathan had turned up a Stego that had been part of the original
release of Part II of "The True Story of the InterNet"
on the CypherPunks distributed list that was created following
the failed (?) takeover of the list in early 1997 AD.
The Author's second manuscript had been cut short by his ignonimous
death in a scumbag motel room in southern Saskatchewan, but the
torch had been picked up by a variety of individuals who added
their own personal touches to its subsequent release.
One thing that piqued Jonathan's interest was the fact that the
Author's original title for the second manuscript had been "TV
World," and yet, the release to the CypherPunks list had
been titled "WebWorld and the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs."
Who was the mysterious entity who had released this version of
the manuscript at a time when WebWorld was not yet the living,
breathing entity that it had become in the decades since?
Jonathan's instincts led him to believe that the answer lay in
the innards of the mysterious Stego that comprised Chapter 25
of the release. He immediately set his sights to unlock this mystery.
Jonathan first sought out the source of the program that would
enable him to pry open the hidden secrets locked inside of the
Steganography Tools 4 encrypts the data with IDEA, MPJ2 (up to
512bits key), DES,
3DES and NSEA in CBC, ECB, CFB, OFB and PCBC modes and hides it
inside graphics
(BMP files), digital audio (WAV files) or unused sectors of HD
Jonathan booted the S-tools Stego program and ran a quick password
breaker on it. It took 48 milliseconds to crack. Obviously, secrecy
was not a concern to whomever had sent the Stego to the CypherPunks
The password was "WebWorld."
Jonathan quickly uncompressed the resulting file with PKZip, another
archaic program of the period, and read the contents of the files
that were produced.
What he found gave him pause for thought.
The hidden post regarding the Author was not a great surprise.
It laid out the Author's connection to a variety of groups, mostly
referred to as 'cults' in his time, which were no great secret
to those with a serious grounding in the history of the Magic
The Author had travelled widely and had been influential in the
formation of a variety of groups/cults in his time, although most
were perversions of his original concepts and philosophies. The
Branch Davidians, Heaven's Gate, Canadian Solar Temple offshoots,
the Montana survivalists and Elohim City tentacles had each taken
portions of his teachings and corrupted them to suit their own
ends. The hidden post regarding Jim Bell, however, had surprised Jonathan
and was an indication that he should check further into just what
import it had in relation to CypherPunk history.
What he discovered would astound him.
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3)
id RAA03183 for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Wed, 2 Apr 1997
17:40:11 -0800 (PST)
Received: from tcs_gateway2.treas.gov (tcs-gateway2.treas.gov
[204.151.246.2]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA03178
for ; Wed, 2 Apr 1997 17:40:04 -0800
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
The Oregonian, Wednesday, April 2, 1997
20 armed federal agents raid home in Vancouver
By John Painter Jr. of The Oregonian staff
VANCOUVER, Wash. - About 20 armed agents from at least three federal
agencies in four states raided a Vancouver home Tuesday, apparently
looking for evidence of a plot to kill government officials.
Sources said James D. Bell...
Jonathan studied the headers from the message.
The header indicated that the post came from tcs_gateway2.treas.gov.
The header also indicated that the message was composed on April
1, the day preceding the news story of April 2, which it purported
to be quoting. Since the header could have easily been forged,
particularly considering the fact that it arrived at toad.com
on April 2, Jonathan could easily have dismissed it as a shallow
attempt at forged precognition.
Knowing that the Magic Circle was renowned for laying a cryptic
trail, however, Jonathan had to consider the fact that this shallow
forgery could well be a pointer to a more valid clue as to what
was really going on in the background of the Jim Bell affair.
Jonathan kicked in his date/time synchronicity module and it quickly
revealed the presence of another post to the CypherPunks list
which came a step closer to revealing preplanning by someone in
relation to Bell's troubles.
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3)
id KAA26045 for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Tue, 1 Apr 1997
10:32:05 -0800 (PST)
Received: from fat.doobie.com (remailer
[204.62.130.103]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id KAA26040
for ; Tue, 1 Apr 1997 10:32:01 -0800
Received: (from remailer by fat.doobie.com
(8.8.5/8.6.9) id KAA11717 for cypherpunks Tue, 1 Apr
1997 10:32:07 -0800
Dear Mr. Bell:
We have been both pleased and relieved to note
that over the past several months you have used
the troublesome initials "AP" much less frequently
than has been your habit. This measurable improvement in your attitude
has considerably reduced the influx of damaging materials
into your files.
Today, however, it has been brought to our attention
that you took the opportunity to launch into an explanation
(relatively controlled, we hasten to say) of the
basic theory you have been propounding regarding AP.
More troublesome is the evidence that you, yourself,
posted the supposedly anonymous question to which you responded.
We sincerely hope that such felonious manipulation of e-mail traffic
and information does not indicate a return to your previous
unacceptable outbursts.
Always hoping for the best, we remain,
The Bell Team
Jonathan thought about the potential import of this post.
It had been sent mere minutes after the assault on Jim Bell's
residence, and a full day before the news reports of the event.
It was obviously done by someone with inside information on the
raid-someone who was poking fun at those involved in the raid.
Further inquiry suggested that it had been sent through a CypherPunks
remailer by camcc a known confederate of those claiming
to represent the Magic Circle of that era.
Another troubling feature came to light when Jonathan checked
the government paperwork regarding the Federal government's search
and seizure on Bell's residence, which was an obvious fishing
expedition meant to send a chilling message to those who dared
to express anti-government sentiments in public forums.
Greg Broiles, a C2Net foil on the CypherPunks list, had put the
documents up on his website at: Jonathan immediately recognized that the so-called application
for a search warrant was pre-dated to March 28, as was usual when
the government agencies had a desire to cover the trail of the
motivations surrounding their activities. What surprised him,
however, was the blatancy which they used in pointing to the true
underlying motives in their attack on Bell.
The alleged 'time' at which the search warrant was signed was
9:02 am.
The exact hour and minute of the bombing of the Oklahoma City
Federal Building, which was the current 'cause celebre' of the
Jonathan had noticed, from other official documents of the era,
that the underground government agencies behind many of these
covert actions would use this 'time stamp' to indicate the true
nature of their probing actions.
Obviously, the agency behind this was trying to pry loose the
true connection of the Author to the execution of Snell, McVeigh's
role in the OK City bombing, and the fragile links of Bell's "Assassination
Politics" manifesto to the lunatic fringe whose web of treachery
wound throughout the the U.S, from Montana to Oklahoma, and points
Jonathan compared the Oregonian press reports of the raid on Bell's
residence with the post regarding the Author's dark connections
(both of which he found in the Chapter 25 Stego).
The slimly disguised link was the reference to the origins of
the license plates on the vehicles used by the Author, and the
license plates on the government vehicles involved in the raid
on Bell's home. In both works, the reference to the license plates
seemed superfluous to the event being reported.
Further analysis convinced Jonathan that the CypherPunks post
in regard to the author, several days before the raid on Bell
took place, was the work of the same author who did the report
for the Oregonian about the raid on the Bell residence.
Jonathan also followed the trail linking the Author with Bureau
42 and realized that David E. Smith and Rich Graves, both CypherPunks,
had tentacles that reached far beyond the apparent simplistic
aims that the organization claimed for themselves, with links
that could be followed to the origins of the Holocaust that had
defined the grandoise efforts of the Evil One in an immediately
preceding time period.
The big mystery in Jonathan's mind, as usual, was what role various
CypherPunks had played in this comedy of terrors.
Jonathan did a quick traffic analysis on the events preceding
and following the 'event' of the attack on Jim Bell, and found
the usual.
In this case, shortly before the attack on Bell, Kent Crispin
surfaced, replying to a few mundane posts on the CypherPunks list.
Immediately after the Bell situation caused discussion on the
list, Crispin jumped into the fray, attempting to muddy the waters
surrounding the Bell situation.
Then Hallam-Baker jumped in, adding to Crispin's efforts with
his own attempts to castigate Bell, leading other CypherPunks
to join in calling Bell a "loon" whose ideas were a
detriment to CypherPunk philosophy.
Jonathan followed the trail of posts and found nothing particularly
surprising. It was the same-old, same-old. The usual players coming
out of the woodwork to support each other's efforts to direct
the discussions in a manner that would lead the list threads away
from areas of concern to the government actors in the background.
Adam Back and John Young, Duvos, snow and the Fatman, among others,
would post missives which cut to the heart of the matter, but
their efforts would get lost in the more emotive posts by the
kooks and the disinformation artists.
After the intial plethora of posts regarding Bell, government
schills such as Crispin would begin posting a variety of items
containing bullshit logic which would then be set upon by those
who saw the fallacies contained therein, but who didn't realize
that their purpose was to evoke response which would further bury
matters of more immediate import to the future of the CypherPunks.
Even Tim May seemed to go through a period which was oddly supportive
of the government forces aligning against Bell, which only fueled
the fires of Jonathan's suspicions that Bell was actually playing
an active role in his own persecution.
"Ask not for whom Bell toils..."
Was Bell actually working as a government agent, lending himself
to the spooks' efforts to send chilling messages to free speech
advocates on the CypherPunks list?
"Ask not for whom Bell trolls..."
Was Bell setting up the government agents for a false start in
their attacks on the individual CypherPunks? Was he initiating
a 'wake up call' for those on the list who thought that the list
was nothing more than a grand game of "What if...?"
Jonathan poured himself a fresh shot of Jim Beam.
Crispin, Hallam-Baker, snow, Duvos and the Fatman. Each and every
one of them could actually be playing a role totally contrary
to that which Jonathan had attributed to them by virtue of his
far-reaching, in-depth analysis of their posts.
The more that he delved into the eternal mysteries of the anarchistic
CypherPunks, the more Jonathan realized that history was in the
past, and that the future lie in the actions that he would, himself,
would take today.
The future was in his hands, and Jonathan had absolutely no idea
what to do.
There was a knock on the door of his old apartment...
Jonathan froze.
Chapter 29 - Bureau 42

@_date: 1997-04-12 01:45:20
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: jWebWorld 30 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
The Meeting
Jonathan had found himself frozen in time when he heard the knock
at the door of his old apartment. He had no friends or family
who dropped by, nor even business acquaintances. Who could it
possibly be?
After a few moments he slipped quietly to the doorway and flipped
on the VideoMonitor, turning it to the hallway setting. He found
his unbelieving eyes viewing none other than...the girl.
"Alexis.", he whispered, motioning her inside, after
unbolting the door and almost falling out into the hallway after
opening it. Without a word, she quickly stepped inside.
They stood there staring at each other.
Jonathan was wondering if he'd made a big mistake. Actually, he
knew nothing about her. She could be an agent of the Dark Forces,
sent to check up on his apartment.
Alexis was wondering if she'd made a big mistake. She actually
had no idea whether Jonathan was a genuine 'initiate' or an agent
of the Dark Forces, sent to Bubba to attempt to try to break into
the 'Circle'. She had to take that chance.
"I'm your contact.", she said, looking Jonathan right
in the eye.
"From the 'Circle'?", he asked, amazed that this was
actually happening.
"Of course.", she replied. "We need you to do some
very important work for us, immediately."
"Problem.", Jonathan said, shaking his head sadly. Alexis and Jonathan slipped out of the side door of the complex,
and hurried across the street.
"Quickly, into the shadows.", Jonathan said, moving
quickly and pulling her along with him. He had recognized the
vehicles coming around the corner. They watched as the vehicles,
followed by a truckload of troops, pulled up in front of the building
they had just left.
The troops quickly surrounded the complex.
A nondescript vehicle had arrived, shortly, and a man with eyes
of cold-blue steel stepped out of it, conferring with the troop
leader, quietly. Alexis and Jonathan could hear the distinctive,
hard voice as he gave orders to his commander.
"No one leaves the building alive."
"SOP?", the commander inquired, as if by rote, but was
surprised at the answer he received.
"No!", the Shadow exclaimed, as if coming to a sudden
"Make it as loud and as messy as you like, Commander Olson.
And don't bother with the usual cover stories. Let the neighborhood
have something to think about, tonight."
"What about the local security precinct?", the commander
asked the Shadow, obviously happy to have been given a free hand
to do as he liked here.
"Tell them NOTHING!", the Shadow screamed at his top
commander, not from anger, but from relief-relief that he no longer
had to be concerned with humoring these foolish mortals.
Commander Olson was relishing the thought of letting those pompous
little 'plastic generals' in charge of neighborhood security (and
cover-ups of the Dark Forces' activities), stew along with the
rest of the populace, for a change. He was mystified, however,
as to the reason for this sudden departure from Standard Operating
Procedure. The Shadow, however, speaking to himself, aloud, answered
the commanders unspoken question.
"After tomorrow, it won't matter anyway.", the Shadow
whispered in a voice that shouted, nonetheless, as if screamed
from the highest point of the universe, and rebounding to its
furthest reaches.
"Tomorrow, Commander Olson...", the Shadow spoke,
his eyes glowering, a fiery shade of red, pulsating in time with
the subsonic reverberation that shook the air as he spoke, his
voice and his countenance echoing that of his Dark Master, the
Evil One, speaking for Evil itself.
"Tomorrow, with the setting of the sun, when darkness crosses
the threshold of dusk, to rule the night, overpowering the day..."
The Shadow was, no longer-it was Gomez's vile countenance that
was emanating forth from the quasi-human form that Alexis and
Jonathan were watching, speechless, frozen to the spot in the
shadows, where they were standing. Their hearts leapt, and stopped,
as this powerful, vile creature, turned towards them, as if looking
at them, through them, and his visage and his voice merged with
those of the Evil One, as their shrill, penetrating voices screamed,
in unison,
"Tomorrow, Commander Olson....all this is MINE!"
Bubba poured each of them another shot of his Private Reserve,
which they both downed quickly. The scream was still reverberating
in their minds, through their whole bodies, as a matter of fact-great
shivers of cellular terror coursing through their bodies in waves,
in abominable spasms of chill, never to be forgotten, terror.
Bubba waited for one, or the other, to speak. They sat in silence
for long minutes, when Alexis, still staring off into a far-away
'nowhere', uttered, in a bare whisper,
"The scream never stopped..."
"...it continued, turning into...merging with...",
it was now Jonathan talking, "...the screams that were
coming from the building-horrible, terrifying screams..."
"...screams of the Damned...", Alexis'
presence returned to the room, as she said it, looking at Jonathan,
and then up at Bubba.
"...screams of the Damned.", they said, in
Bubba nodded his head respectfully, fully aware of what they were
speaking of-desperately trying to make him understand the true
extent of what they were attempting to describe to him. Bubba understood.
They were gathered in Bubba's safe house. A motley crew of computer
workers and programmers from a diverse segment of WebWorld society.
Their attention was rivited to the grizzled sage whom many of
them had riduculed for years as a babbling old derelict.
"For four generations," Bubba said, speaking for his
lineage, "I have borne witness to the existence of the Evil
One, and the reality of the danger that he represents for all
of humanity."
Bubba rose slowly, speaking, not only to Alexis and Jonathan,
but also to the many others gathered around them to hear them
recount their recent brush with the Shadow...with Gomez.
"For four generations I have been a 'voice crying in the
Wilderness', speaking of an Evil too real, too great, to be spoken
of, and understood."
"Telling all who would listen, and those who would not, of
the Evil One's Grand Design for all of humanity, bringing us into
subjection to him, to his domain. Testifying ceaselessly of Gomez
and the Dark Allies eternal presence among us, working tirelessly,
day and night, sowing the seeds of our destruction."
The was room full of people-people who had, one by one, wittingly
or unwittingly, for an innumerable variety of reasons, stumbled
into Bubba Rom Dos IV's safety net.
This was a group of people very much like one that had gathered
together one evening, four centuries earlier, to listen to the
eternal wisdom contained within the mad ramblings of a broken-down
old derelict named Bubba Rom Dos...Bubba Rom Dos I.
Now, the pendulum had swing full cycle, for the fourthth, and
possibly the last, time, and it was the fourthth-generation representative
of the Rom Dos lineage who addressed the quiet, shaken individuals
gathered before him.
Bubba knocked back another shot of Jim Beam, and continued,
"Four centuries ago, my ancestor spoke to a group of people
much like yourselves, and he spoke not just of danger and despair,
but also of hope-the only hope of all of humanity.
"He told them that that 'one hope' was gathered before him
in the room, that evening, embodied in the presence of those who
had ears, to hear, and eyes, to see. He told them to form a "Magic
Circle", for their own protection, and for the protection
of all of humanity-to gather together in a common bond, with a
common purpose-to build a computer operating system that would
embody the spirit of humanity, containing signposts and clues
that aid them in retaining their connection to the eternal Tao,
to guide them through the dark times ahead, and give them a measure
of protection from the Dark Forces that were striving ceaselessly
to work against them."
"And then, as we all know, he made his 'grand' departure."
A titter of laughter ran through the crowd, breaking the nervous
tension that had been building slowly, but inexorably, up to this
"He got thrown out on his sorry, drunken, child-molesting
ass.", Alexis piped up, sending a roar of laughter
through the crowd.
"That's one way of putting it, yes.", Bubba acknowledged,
exuding a sublime air of innocence.
The crowd waited for him to continue, but Bubba motioned for Jonathan
to join him, and merely said,
"Bubba Rom Dos IV will be remembered, if for nothing else,
for learning from the mistakes of his predecessors."
He bowed graciously, turning things over to Jonathan, and walked
quietly to the back of the room, where he sat in the corner, commiserating
with his old friend, Jim Beam.
Jonathan looked out over the crowd, and began to speak.
"I had occasion, recently, to hear, from the lips of the
Cowboy, himself," a murmur went through the crowd, and Jonathan
immediately saw that Alexis' plan of action was going to be very,
very effective, no matter what the final outcome of all this,
"for the first time in history, a true, first-person account
of exactly what proceeded after Bubba Rom Dos' departure from
the first, and only," he added, much to the surprise
of the gathering, "meeting of the 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
Everyone grew quiet, waiting breathlessly for Jonathan to recount
the details, which he had, in fact, learned by logging onto the
InterNet using the Cowboy's username and password.
He had been met, upon logging on, with a message informing him
that his logon, under the auspices of the Cowboy's identity, would
be invisible to anyone monitoring the system, and that he had
'system permissions' to do anything and everything he desired,
over the range of the whole InterNet computer system, even at
the highest levels of security.
Then he had been immediately launched into a text display outlining
the hitherto unknown details of the meeting chronicled in the
legendary epistle, 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre'-the meeting declared
to have resulted in the formation of the original 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
"A stuttering young computer whiz, named Michael," Jonathan
recounted, "took control of the meeting and suggested that
the forces they found themselves dealing with were too pervasive,
too powerful, for them to have any hope of countering by direct
"His view was that, as an organized entity, they would thus
be identifiable, and traceable, and therefore in danger of almost
certain discovery and elimination. So he proposed a unique plan
of counter-attack on Gomez and the Dark Forces. He proposed that
they, as individuals, go their own, separate ways at the conclusion
of the evening, having no contact whatsoever with one another,
and doing nothing, taking no action at all, regarding
the bizarre chain of events which had brought them together."
The gathering looked at one another, mystified as to where all
this was leading, much as the original crowd had done, four centuries
earlier. They looked, as one, back at Jonathan, who smiled at
them, gave them a conspiratorial wink, and told them,
"Stuttering young Michael informed them that, since success
in action of any kind against the Evil One and his agents was
impossible, that they would have to relegate their activities
to the realm of the possible. The realm where nothing
was 'real', but all things were 'possible'-the realm of
Mythos, of myth.
The crowd looked at one another, once again, and saw that each
of them understood, now, the reason why the legend of the 'Magic
Circle' had remained just that, a legend, for as long as they
could remember.
"Michael told them that, upon their dispersal at the end
of the evening, they could communicate with one another, and with
anyone who sought to counter the Dark Forces, in one way, and
one way only-through the inner workings and concepts underlying
the operating system, currently under development, known as UNIX.
"They were to each do their part, no matter how small or
great their position, their talents, or their capacity to influence
the development of UNIX, to make it a model of the eternal
Jonathan's eyes swept the crowd, and he could see the connections
taking place in their minds, as they realized the truth of what
he was saying.
"UNIX was to be an operating system which mirrored the Tao,
and humanity itself, being a whole entity of magnificent proportions,
but composed of individual entities, functions, programs, and
the like, which ebbed and flowed in and out of one another, each
standing alone, while at the same time being part of a greater
"A system which was powerful, by virtue of the combined strength
of its many parts, but flexible by virtue of each of its individual
parts being able to join and work with any other, or combination
of others, to accomplish whatever task was required by any user,
or group of users.
"UNIX," Jonathan intoned, "was to be the first
multi-user system, enabling each user, each individual,
to access the information, the capabilities and the tools, of
the whole system."
"Before they broke up that evening, to go their separate
ways, a second individual, introducing himself as the Son of Gomez,
to the gathering," the crowd chuckled lightly, at this reference
to the Author, "took a few minutes to speak to them about
Mythos, and the Power of Myth."
"The Author told them that the power of myth is the power
of possibility-that within the realm of myth, that anything possible,
is real, or can be real, in our world.
"He told them that Bubba Rom Dos was right, that it was essential
that there be a group of individuals banded together in a common
cause, to counter the Dark Forces' efforts to bring all of humanity
into subjection to the Evil One. He told them that Michael was
right, as well, that it was not only dangerous, but quite useless,
for them to attempt to do so directly. He told them that it was
therefore essential that they do so in the realm of Mythos, keeping
the possibility of the 'Circle of Eunuchs' alive, as an
entity-a real entity residing in the Land of Legend."
Jonathan then turned the floor over to Alexis, who was about to
put on a performance that would make Bubba's propensity for 'horseshit'
pale by comparison. The best 'pitch' of the experienced salesman,
however, is always begun with the purest of truths.
"The Cowboy," she told the gathering, "has set
in motion a plan of action which is about to bring the 'Circle
of Eunuchs' to life, as a living, breathing, entity."
There was a palpable air of hope, and excitement that surged through
the crowd, who struggled to maintain their composure, so as not
to miss a single element of what was about to be said.
"Around the world, throughout every nook and cranny of the
InterNet, there is a search taking place," most of the crowd
was well aware of that fact, it being the spark in a chain of
events that had led to most of them arriving here at this point
in time, "a search for 'Uncle', for 'Uncle Bubba', for 'Uncle
"And every time that this search comes to the attention of
someone with the least bit of knowledge of the mythology of the
'Circle of Eunuchs', a spark is ignited, however small, in some
remote portion of their mind. It is a spark that is waiting, only
to be fanned, in order to break into flame-a small flame which
will throw a tiny bit of light on one part of the hidden designs
of the Evil One and his agents. But a million small flames, millions
of small flames, around the world," she noticed the crowd
nodding their assent, "will supply a blinding flash of illumination
that will reveal Gomez and the Dark Allies as the devilish agents
that they truly are."
An excited murmur of approval went through the crowd, like a shot.
"It is up to those gathered here, today, to provide the gentle
breeze that will fan those sparks, turning them into small flames
that can be united as one, to burn away the web of deceit that
Evil One has thrown over us all, through his silent control of
TV and the InterNet.
"And they will be united as one, tomorrow evening,
at sunset, when the Cowboy appears on all 500 Channels, and across
the vast expanse of the InterNet, to confirm the existence of
the legendary, magical 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
The gathered crowd broke into a spontaneous roar of applause,
turning to one another with hugs and back-slapping, overjoyed
that finally, at long last, the battle was about to begin-the
battle between the Forces of Light and the Forces of Darkness.
A battle that would finally be joined by the one hope for all
of humanity-the legendary, hitherto mythological, 'Circle of Eunuchs'.
The crowd was quickly quieted, however, by the sound of jack-boots
upon the doors, as they came crashing down, and storm-troopers
dressed in black rushed in to surround them, followed by a man
with eyes of cold, gray steel-the Shadow.
Chapter 30 - The Meeting

@_date: 1997-04-14 17:01:38
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 31-32 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Boot War III
"O.K., hardcase, have it your way.", Schultz
launched his boot to its mark, catching 'Arnold' just below the
rib cage.
Arnold doubled over in pain, cursing Schultz with a vengeance,
but unsure as to why he was putting up such strong resistance
to Schultz, when he knew that only pain and grief would come as
a result of his obstinacy. He was sure that he had a reason for
doing so, but his mind was so numbed and confused from the medications
they forced upon him, and the constant physical and psychological
abuse, that his actions were now based on nothing but blind, reactionary
The boot-again and again. Until it was all Arnold could remember,
in his past, in his present, and all that he could conceive of
in his life, in the future.
"I know that 'Boot War III' really happened.", Arnold
said weakly, his benumbed mind rambling randomly through hazy
sequences of old programs.
"I was the Rib."
Schultz roared with laughter, as did the other inmates of Nuthouse
Number Nine, Looney Level 'Leven. He kicked Arnold once again,
in appreciation of his 'good bloody sense of humor'.
"Schultz!", the voice was one of command, of ultimate
authority. A voice that Arnold remembered, locked somewhere in
the cobwebs of what remained of his mind. A voice that Arnold
instinctively knew was recorded in stone as the voice of an enemy.
"Yes, sir!", the reply came quickly and loudly from
Schultz, as he snapped to attention, facing the man with the eyes
of cold, gray steel, who had appeared on the VideoLink Monitor.
"Are you having, fun?", the Shadow asked, playfully.
"Yes, sir.", Schultz's smile stretched from ear to ear,
confirming the truth of his statement.
"Good, Schultz. Very good, but I am afraid that your bit
of fun is over, for now."
"Because tomorrow, my fun begins.", it was the
Shadow's turn to smile broadly.
"Excellent, sir. Very happy to hear, sir.", Schultz
tried to hide his surprise.
"I want you to bring 'Arnold' to the Council chambers, tomorrow,
just before sunset, please."
"Yes, sir. Any special instructions?"
"Yes, Schultz. Thank you for asking.", the Shadow replied
politely, which signaled to Schultz that he was a very, very happy
man, making such a grand show of polite social graces.
"As a matter of fact, I would like you to prepare 'Arnold'
to meet some very old and very dear friends tomorrow. Indeed,
'Arnold' is to be the 'guest of honor' at our gathering. So please
see to it that he is properly prepared for such a grand occasion.
Hygiene, clothing, proper nourishment-nothing but the best, you
"Yes, sir.", Schultz knew that the better the treatment
the Shadow wanted Arnold to have today, the harder the fall that
the man was going to be taking tomorrow.
"And Mr. Schultz..."
"Yes, sir."
"Our dear friend, 'Arnold', is a very important and distinguished
gentleman. Please treat him with the utmost respect and courtesy,
in keeping with his position."
"Yes, sir. It will be an honor for me to do so, sir. Thank
you, sir.", Schultz was exuberant.
The Shadow knew that Schultz enjoyed this part of the 'game',
the buildup before the fall, as much as he did the sadistic, violent
side of his work. And Schultz was a master. By this time tomorrow,
'Arnold' would be convinced, in what little was left of his mind,
that he was attending his own crowning ceremony.
Arnold would be on a high, high pinnacle of hope and expectation.
With so very, very far to fall.
The Shadow smiled, serenely, at Schultz, and shut off the VideoLink
Schultz turned to Arnold, and helped him up gently from the pool
of blood on the floor.
"Oh, my, sir.", Schultz said, with a tone of genuine
compassion in his voice. "You've had a nasty fall, I must
"We'd better get you cleaned up, sir. You've a very busy
day ahead of you tomorrow."
"Thank you.", Arnold replied, wincing in pain as Schultz
helped him to his feet.
This Schultz. He wasn't such a bad fellow after all, perhaps.
Schultz motioned for his assistants to hurry to Arnold's aid.
"Gently, now. Arnold is a very important guest of ours, and
we must see to his every pleasure. Get him to the infirmary, and
have Dr. Adams take care of him personally."
Arnold, his mind throbbing in pain, drew himself up, as best he
could, as he was helped towards the infirmary. He must carry himself
with a dignity befitting his position, though his mind remained
vague as to just what that entailed.
After all, he was a very important man.
Dr. Melissa Adams answered the page to the infirmary immediately,
mystified as to why she was getting the call, instead of her superior.
It was a Priority Red call, and Dr. Harka, Chief of Medicine for
the facility, was currently on duty, so it was very odd, indeed,
for this emergency to fall to her instead of him. She was not
surprised to see Schultz waiting for her outside the infirmary
door, to debrief her on the situation. Although he was, nominally,
just another floor-chief-albeit one with high seniority-it was
common knowledge among the staff that when the Shadow inspected
the facility, it was Schultz, first and last, that he met with
upon his arrival and departure.
She had no love for the man, he was barbarous and cruel by nature,
beyond anything she had ever experienced before, and his very
presence reeked of the kind of a mindless ferocity that bespoke
him to be a man who was capable of performing any act, however
sick or depraved, that he was called upon to accomplish.
"Mr. Schultz.", she was proper and polite, as always.
Schultz, although uncommonly civil, did not waste any time with
social niceties.
"There is a patient waiting for you who has had a rather
nasty fall, Dr. Adams.", Schultz allowed himself a reserved
smile, and Melissa burned inside, knowing she could expect the
patient's injuries to include bruises in the shape of boot marks.
She almost shuddered, thinking of the last 'fall' she had to deal
"I want a full workup on this gentleman." Schultz continued.
"I want him you to work him into better shape than the day
his mother delivered him from the womb. Not a scratch, not a bruise,
not a hint of pain or discomfort when you're done. Do you understand?"
Dr. Adams nodded her understanding, mystified even further now,
about the level of care to be administered to a patient. It was
the first time since she had been employed here that anything
more than rudimentary patch-up work had been allowed on a patient
of any caliber. She asked, unsure if she was treading on thin
"And his mind, Mr. Schultz?"
Melissa expected a verbal lambasting for this slight hint of insolence
on her part. She was to be very surprised, however, when Schultz,
again totally out of character, replied, with a tone of concern
in his voice,
"Full resuscitation. At least as much as possible, Doctor.
Remove the implants and try to clean up any lingering after-effects.
I'm sure you will do the best that you can, doctor."
"Yes, Mr. Schultz. It is a welcome opportunity, for a change.
I am looking forward to it."
Melissa was surprised at her boldness in expressing her long-standing
dismay at being allowed only to perform 'minimum maintenance'
on the patients, after their abuse at the hands of Schultz and
those like him, but again, Schultz showed no reaction of anger
or displeasure at her remarks.
"One last thing, Ms. Adams."
Schultz had never before spoken to her on this kind of personal
level before, and the doctor was a bit wary of what was to come.
"You were called in to deal with this patient because of
your gender, doctor. It is very important that the patient be
resuscitated psychologically as much as possible in the next twenty-four
hours, and I want you to provide both a human touch and
a feminine touch to your treatment of him, understood?" Melissa was not quite sure that she did understand. As
a matter of fact, she was hoping that she had misunderstood
what Schultz was asking of her. Schultz, reading her reaction,
added immediately,
"No, no, nothing like that."
"I merely mean to say that the psychological side of his
progress needs a feminine, healing touch, unlike the poking and
prodding I could expect if I called the staff psychologists in
on this matter.
"Thank you for clarifying that, Mr. Schultz.", Melissa's
tone showed her true sense of relief. "However, we do have
Dr. Martha Winchester available this evening, so perhaps she would
be better suited to the task, from a professional standpoint."
"No, no.", Schultz betrayed a hint of frustration for
the first time in their conversation.
"That woman would be less capable of exuding genuine feminine
warmth, wearing a nightgown, than you would be, wearing a suit
of armor."
Melissa was genuinely shocked by this statement, having never
received any indication that Schultz was even capable of comprehending
any level of human compassion beyond cessation of sheer brute
force. He quickly disproved that, when he continued,
"When you've worked on me, Dr. Adams, your touch has provided
much more comfort and healing than any of the bandages or medications
you've applied to the task. That is what I want of you
for this patient, and I want you to take great pains to assure
that he knows that his full recovery is important to you."
Melissa, rather than answering right away, stood staring at Schultz
for several moments, dumbfounded by the understanding and respect
he had just indicated for the professional level of human concern
that she brought to her work, something that she was very proud
of, but which had gone unnoticed and unappreciated in this environment-or
so she had thought-until now.
Schultz, much to her surprise, and his own chagrin, blushed.
Ms. Adams resisted the urge to reach out and touch him on the
arm, for his admission of respect for her, but she realized that
he was far from comfortable with appearing 'human', and she didn't
want to cause him further embarrassment.
"I understand, Mr. Schultz. I will do my best to reward your
confidence in me."
Schultz, relieved that they were back on a professional level,
merely nodded his dismissal of her.
Melissa entered the infirmary, resisting the urge to look back
at Schultz, to confirm that it was indeed he, and not an impostor,
but then her mind was snatched immediately towards the work ahead
of her, as she saw her patient.
"Arnold! Oh my! Oh, you poor dear. What have they done to
Arnold was a mess. A bleeding, broken, bloody mess. The worst
she'd seen in quite some time. Dr. Adams went immediately to work
on some of the nastier cuts.
Thank you, Dr. Adams.", Arnold spoke weakly. "As you
can see, I've had a rather nasty fall."
Dr. Adams stopped what she was doing, and re-evaluated her priorities.
She must get started, right away, on Arnold's mental resuscitation.
It was likely to take longer, and be a great deal more delicate,
than his physical reconstruction.
"Call me Melissa, Arnold."
She touched his face, gently, then took a cooling antiseptic and
soft cloth, wiping the blood and sweat from his brow and his face,
like a mother would do.
"Thank you, Melissa.", Arnold spoke softly, closing
his eyes and relaxing into the first feel of caring human touch
that he could remember in quite a long, long time.
"I'm going to do some work on some areas where you don't
feel any pain, Arnold, but it is very important that I do this,
trust me. Is that O.K. with you, dear one?", she stroked
his brow again, as he replied,
"Yes, Melissa. I trust you. Do what you think best. I trust
Arnold was fading off to a semi-sleep state of rest, which was
for the best. Dr. Adams reviewed his chart and prepared to begin
removing his implants. She shook her head, sadly.
Melissa had never seen a patient who had been 'juiced' to this
extent before, and she thought it a miracle that the poor man
had any mind left at all. She certainly did not need Schultz's
admonishments driving her, to see that Arnold got her best possible
effort in his recovery. Merely having survived, to this point,
earned him the right to the highest standard of personal and professional
care she could muster.
Melissa stroked Arnold's brow, once again, as she prepared to
begin removing his implants.
"Rest, dear one, just rest. I will take care of you, my sweet.
Trust me. I will do all that I can."
Dr. Adams went to work quickly and efficiently, but she had a
small, nagging concern, in the back of her mind. She remembered
seeing, at various times, how Schultz and others would use temporary
episodes of civility and concern for the benefit of a patient,
then turn around to torment them even further, with the brief
respite from abuse only serving to accent their mistreatment to
an even greater degree, once it resumed.
She knew that she must put this thought far, far from her mind,
for it would do her patient no good. She gazed down at Arnold's
face, seeing him relax even further at each instance of her gentle
touch, putting his complete trust in her.
Melissa winced, realizing that it was not within her power to
prove deserving of that trust, and that his fate, after she had
done her best to heal him, was in the hands of others-like Schultz.
She closed her eyes and paused, to say a special prayer, then
opened them and continued.
Melissa awoke with a start. She had drifted off-for how long?
She glanced at the clock-not long-and then at her patient.
Arnold was beginning to sit up and look around the room, looking
somewhat dazed and confused. His body was almost totally healed,
"Lay back down, dearie.", she gently pushed him back
into the prone position. She stroked his cheek lightly, asking,
"Are you still feeling any pain, anywhere at all?"
"No, no.", he replied. "Thank you, Dr. Adams, thank
you, so very much."
"Call me Melissa, dear."
"Oh, yes. I forgot. Thank you, Melissa.", Arnold squeezed
her hand, in appreciation. She squeezed back, and stroked the
back of his hand with her fingers. She looked at him with deep
compassion, her motherly instincts rising to the fore, and then
other feelings...
"Well, let's check you over.", Dr. Adams jumped to her
feet abruptly, shaking off the emotions she had felt overtaking
her. Transference. Very unprofessional, he's a patient, and he's
vulnerable. Transference. She unconsciously began smoothing her
uniform, as if removing any sign of wanton, unprofessional behavior.
"Oh, I guess that costs extra.", Arnold teased, sending
her into a fit of blushing that she was very unaccustomed to.
"Arnold! Please. I'm your Doctor, I was only..."
"I thought you were Melissa, doctor. And why are you
blushing like a schoolgirl?"
Melissa, naturally, began blushing even more, feeling, in fact,
like a blushing young schoolgirl. She was trying desperately to
regain her professional composure, and she was relieved when Arnold
quit teasing her and responded like a grateful patient.
"Thank you, Doctor Melissa, for your expert professional
assistance, and for personal healing touch."
"You're welcome, Arnold.", Melissa was very happy to
see that he seemed to have full use of his mental facilities.
Dr. Adams was going over Arnold's body, checking for signs of
any residual damages that might have been missed. When she approached
one particular 'private' part of his body, he winked at her, but
she had regained her composure enough to deal with his teasing.
She put on her best look of grave concern, saying,
"Oh, dear. I'm afraid that I might have to amputate."
"Point taken, Doctor Melissa. I'll mind my P's and Q's, ma'am."
"Good, Arnold. Now stand up and tell me if you feel any discomfort."
Arnold stood up, tested his various bodily parts, seemed satisfied
that everything worked, and laughed, saying, in a matter of fact
kind of manner,
"Fit as a fiddle, and ready for the 'rack', once again."
"Oh, no. Please don't say that." Melissa looked as if
she would break into tears.
"Don't feel bad," Arnold put his arm around her shoulder,
comforting her, now, "I trust you, dear Melissa,
but I don't trust Schultz. I suppose that you'd better inform
him that your patient is recovered and he can come pick me up."
"Oh, no.", Melissa replied, happily. "I've been
given leave to keep you in my custody for however long it takes
to effect your complete resuscitation, body and mind."
"Oh-oh.", Arnold shook his head, sadly. "If I'm
getting the VIP treatment, then I guess I'm pretty much 'toast'-sometime
soon, I would guess."
"Oh, no.", Melissa said, once again, knowing that he
was right. "I'm sorry. Perhaps it would been better if I
"Left me drooling on myself, to the very end?", Arnold
Melissa laughed, in spite of herself. She was astounded, but grateful,
that her patient could look so realistically on his future, actually
comforting her instead of dwelling morosely on his own troubles.
She became conscious of his arm around her, and glanced at it.
He removed it, and she found herself regretting that he had done
"So you're not sorry?", she asked.
"The time to be sorry was a long, long time ago, dear. How
long have I got?"
Melissa was surprised, once again, by his seemingly calm acceptance
of his dismal future. She told him,
"I believe until sundown, tomorrow."
"And I have the pleasure of your company, until then?",
Arnold made it sound like his situation was a blessing, and not
a curse. Perhaps...
"Aren't you glad that you fixed me up, so that I'm not drooling
on you for the next...", Arnold glanced at the clock,
"eighteen hours?"
"Yes, Arnold.", she took his hand, gently. "I have
mixed feelings about helping you to be more aware of the abuse
you may be facing in the future, but I'm certainly glad that I'll
be enjoying the company of a gentleman, as opposed to a leafy
food substance."
"Call me 'Cowboy'.", he said, with a grin.
Melissa looked at Arnold with great concern. Was he reverting
back to the state he was in when he first arrived, with all the
mad ramblings about his being a Net'er-the Cowboy, in fact-and
all of that nonsense about the Evil One, including that old myth
about the 'Circle of Eunuchs'?
"Please. Call me Cowboy.", he repeated.
"All right, Arnold...Cowboy.", she corrected herself.
"Do you want to eat?", Melissa asked.
He did need nourishment, and it might help him recover
from the residual effects of the implants, which seemed to leave
lingering traces of his Dark Forces neurosis, though he seemed
to be quite all right, otherwise.
"Let's do it.", he agreed readily.
Melissa phoned down to the kitchen, requesting that a standard
meal for two be brought to the dining hall. They had walked a
short distance towards it, when they were met by a staff-member
who said that they would be dining in her private dining quarters,
instead, and that they should proceed there immediately.
They had no sooner arrived there, than a half-dozen waiters from
outside the facility entered, bearing the makings of a four-course
meal, complete with wine, candles, and soft music.
"It looks like Schultz has decided just how far you should
go towards revitalizing my spirit.", the Cowboy laughed,
as they began eating.
"I made it rather clear to Mr. Schultz,", Melissa said,
with great formality, "where my professional duties began
and ended." Then she added, in a softer, more teasing tone,
"Although it is remains my prerogative, as a woman, to change
my mind, if it pleases me."
"Or if I should please you.", the Cowboy teased,
once again.
"Eat your vegetables.", Melissa said calmly, adding,
cryptically, "You need to regain your strength. You never
know just what might lay ahead of you."
The Cowboy ate his vegetables.
Melissa had noticed-it was impossible not to-how the staff imported
for the occasion fawned over Arnold...the Cowboy, she corrected
herself, still concerned that he clung to that delusion. They
had finished eating, and she was starting to consider taking him
back to the infirmary for some more electro-resuscitation, when
Schultz made his entrance.
Schultz made some polite social talk, thanking Dr. Adams for her
efforts, so far, and inquiring as the patient's progress. Then
he turned to his aide, who produced two bottles from his satchel,
which Schultz took from him and set on the table.
"Compliments of the Shadow, Cowboy."
Melissa looked quizzically at the two of them, and realized that
there was no facetiousness involved on Schultz's part. Arnold
was indeed the Cowboy, it seemed. She saw a hint of sadness cross
the Cowboy's face, and she stole a glance at the label on the
"From the Private Reserve of Bubba Rom Dos."
"I'll come for you at six o'clock tomorrow.", Schultz
said, adding, "You will be joining your friends, as
guests of the Shadow."
The Cowboy, upon hearing the word 'friends', had desperately wanted
to ask if Alexis and Priscilla were included, but he could not
show that kind of weakness, especially at a critical time such
as this, when he didn't have any idea where things stood on the
Things were not looking very promising, however.
"Enjoy.", Schultz bowed low to the Cowboy, then to Melissa,
and made his exit.
"I'm sorry, Cowboy.", Melissa reached out and took his
"You won't be for long.", the Cowboy replied, reaching
for the nearest bottle of Bubba's Private Reserve. "You are
about to be treated to a generous helping of the best bourbon
on the face of the earth, my dear."
The Cowboy filled two shot-glasses, handed one to Melissa, lifted
his glass, in toast, and said,
"To a legend, a lout, and a damn fine drinking companion...Bubba
Rom Dos IV."
There would be many more toasts tonight, in the course of the
Cowboy relieving himself of the burden of carrying tales untold
for many, many years, with Melissa listening in shocked astonishment.
It was a few hours later, having moved to the couch, to rest lightly
in each other's arms, that the Cowboy had pretty much brought
the tale up to the present.
Melissa, sat quietly, toying with the Cowboy's hair, thinking
about the many strange, but apparently true, things the Cowboy
had touched upon in his healing narrative. He had lay back in
her arms, once again, eyes closed, his mind somewhere far away.
"Here you are," she began, "lying in the arms of
a woman whom you can pretty much have at your pleasure...",
she noticed the 'shit-eating grin' spreading across the Cowboy's
face, despite his quiet repose, and added, "as a dying man's
last request, and not because I'm easy..."
She slapped him lightly, when his grin spread even wider, and
"...but I get the feeling that my willing heart is going
to be 'jilted'-for the love of a twelve-year old girl, nonetheless."
The Cowboy, opening his eyes, protested mightily, denying any
amorous interest, whatsoever, in Alexis, ridiculing the idea that
a man of his age would...etc., etc., and on, and on...
Finally, realizing that his sincere protestations, voluminous
as they were, were very likely a sign that his denials were for
his own benefit, not for Melissa's, finally ended his exhortations
of non-interest, closed his eyes once again, shrugged his shoulders,
and said,
"Almost thirteen!"
They sat silently for a long spell, Melissa somehow strangely
unaffected by the thought of what this amazing gentleman, resting
quietly in her lap, would be facing, only hours from now. She
suddenly remembered something that had struck her as odd, earlier
in the day.
"Cowboy. I found an implant behind your left ear which was
in place before you arrived here. It appeared to be an antidote
for one of the more mentally debilitating implants that we use
for violent, psychotic cases. If you had not had it in place when
you arrived, then I'm afraid my efforts at mental resuscitation
would have been of very limited effect."
"Just lucky, I guess.", the Cowboy stated, laconically.
"I seriously doubt that, Cowboy. It would have had to have
been implanted a matter of hours before your arrival, and would
have itself done a great deal of damage to your mind, if the implant
it was meant to counteract had not been put in place shortly thereafter.
"You planned on being brought here, didn't you?",
Melissa stared at him in renewed wonderment. "For god's sake,
The Cowboy looked up at Melissa, took her hand, raised it to his
lips, and kissed it gently.
"Melissa," he said, with affection, "We can't go
on meeting, like this."
The Cowboy laughed, and closed his eyes, once again, drifting
off into a deep state of relaxation. Melissa smiled at his boyish
charm, and said,
"You're crazy, you know."
"That's why I'm here, ma'am.", was the Cowboy's reply.
"That's why I'm here."
Chapter 31 - Boot War III / Chapter 32 - Melissa

@_date: 1997-04-16 00:40:08
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 33-34 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
BDS IV
Schultz arrived promptly at six o'clock. His aide handed both
the Cowboy and Melissa a newly acquired wardrobe, fit for a ceremony
of high distinction.
"Don't be long," Schultz admonished them, "the
Cowboy is the guest of honor."
The head guard at the main gate smiled as he looked at the paperwork
Schultz had presented to him. He had long had a personal enmity
with Schultz, resenting the way that he threw his weight around
in all areas of the facility, lording it over those who were actually
above him in authority.
"There is no paperwork on Dr. Adam's departure, Schultz.
I'm afraid that is quite unacceptable."
Schultz hefted a heavy, swift-moving boot into the guard's groin,
sending him, knees buckled, to the pavement, in enormous pain.
"Look again, friend.", Schultz said casually.
"Yes.", the guard groaned, handing back the paperwork
quickly, when it appeared that Schultz might repeat his performance,
"Everything seems to be in order."
They walked to the waiting limousine, with Schultz's aide thumbing
through the papers, mumbling,
"I know that I prepared the proper paperwork for Dr. Adams,
Mr. Schultz."
Schultz pulled a slip of paper out of his pocket, handing it to
his aide, with a grin, saying,
"You did. I hate that prick.", Schultz laughed, glancing
back at the guard, who was still on his knees, cursing in pain.
A short time later, the aide appeared to be quite nervous as he
pulled the limousine into the alleyway behind Bubba Rom Dos IV's
former 'safe-house'.
"I'm not so sure that this is a good idea, Mr. Schultz."
Schultz gave his aide a look of cold disdain for questioning his
judgment, with a hint of violent fury skirting his reply,
"Would you rather I had said, 'Please.', when I asked you
to turn in here?"
"No, sir. No, sir. I'm sorry, sir. Very..."
"Shut up, you imbecile!", Schultz roared, cutting the
man off.
The four of them stepped out of the limousine. Schultz asked the
Cowboy, with a tone of utmost courtesy,
"Any plans to escape, and leave your friends hung out to
dry, Cowboy?"
The question needed no answer. Schultz smiled serenely at his
aide, mocking his still-present fear, turned his back on the Cowboy
and moved towards the rear door of the 'safe-house'.
"Come, gentlemen," he turned to nod politely to Melissa,
"and ma'am, of course. Let's sit and have a short drink before
we continue. It will be the last chance we have to talk, I'm afraid."
Schultz led them through the building, past the chaotic disarray
resulting from the abrupt interruption of the previous night's
meeting, to a small room in the back. He sat gingerly down on
the small Afghani rug in the center of the small room, motioned
for the others to join him, and began pouring each of them a glass
of Jim Beam from the half-full bottle of Bubba's Private Reserve
that had been left behind in the chaos.
"You are not the only one who will be retiring after
tonight, Cowboy.", Schultz said, lifting his glass in toast
to his adversary, who returned the gesture.
"There is something I felt that I must share with you, Cowboy,
since it concerns both of us, and has for some forty-odd years.
It is something even my esteemed aide will find interesting, I
am sure," he lifted his glass in toast to his aide, who replied
in kind, "since it concerns something known only to myself
and the Shadow."
Everyone waited, with interest, for Schultz to continue. He drew
the moment out by pausing to fill everyone's shot-glasses.
"With your departure, Cowboy, Nuthouse Number Nine will cease
to exist."
"The Shadow had it built, as well as staffed and populated
with his best security forces," he paused to laugh, "including
Jesus and Jesus myself-for the express purpose of being
ready to deal with the remote possibility of the appearance of
a dead man, or one of his heirs.
"The 'dead man'-whose body he had never personally seen,
and hence his allowance of the possibility he had lived-was the
Author, the man who wrote The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre-C.J. Parker
"So now, you see, my career ends along with yours, Cowboy.",
Schultz toasted him once again.
"You really shouldn't have gone to all of that trouble, just
for me.", Cowboy told Schultz, facetiously.
"I'm glad he did.", Melissa enjoined, noticing, out
of the corner of her eye, the odd look that Schultz gave her.
"We really should be going.", the aide said nervously,
glancing at his watch.
"Yes, of course. Thank you.", Schultz nodded to his
aide, who appeared relieved that he had not angered Schultz, once
"I have worked for the Shadow for forty-three years now,"
Schultz said, rising to his feet, "but I have been 'my own
man' for much longer than that.", he continued, pulling an
antique pearl-handled Colt 45 automatic out of his jacket, aiming
and firing it in one swift motion.
Schultz lowered the smoking firearm, placing it back in its holster,
and turned to the Cowboy, who stood staring at Schultz's dead
"Bubba D'Shauneaux IV, at your service, sir." He bowed
graciously, and smiled.
A Drive In the Country
"But why did you have to be so absolutely cruel and violet
with him?", Melissa asked Schultz, seeming perturbed at him.
The Cowboy and D'Shauneaux both laughed heartily at the question.
"Dr. Adams, if I had taken tea and crumpets with the Cowboy
every afternoon, then I think the Shadow might have suspected
something was amiss." D'Shauneaux told her.
The Cowboy and D'Shauneaux laughed again, at Melissa's embarrassment
at having asked such a naive question, with such an obvious answer.
"Well, I still think that you're absolutely abominable.",
Melissa said, in a huff, not really meaning it, but mad at them
for laughing at her so much.
They laughed, even more, at this.
The two men grew suddenly somber, as D'Shauneaux looked at his
watch and told the Cowboy,
"I suppose that you must be on your way, Cowboy. I'm sorry
that I can't accompany you."
"The Shadow would be less than pleased to see you, I'm afraid.",
the Cowboy shook his head. "And it will be far more effective,
psychologically, if I arrive voluntarily, on my own."
Melissa, looking at the Cowboy with great concern, saw him viewing
her with the same concern, as he spoke to D'Shauneaux, saying,
"You can watch over Dr. Adams, I trust, until this thing
is decided, one way or another?"
"Yes, of course.", came Schultz's immediate reply.
The Cowboy turned to Melissa, taking her gently in his arms.
"Thanks for everything, Doctor Melissa. I know D'Shauneaux
will take good care of you, he's the best."
It was strange for Melissa to think of this violent, abominable
man, as she so recently regarded Schultz, in charge of her safety.
The Cowboy seemed to sense her concern, telling her,
"Please. Do whatever he asks of you, it's important. The
lives of all of us will be hanging in the balance for the next
few hours. So try to remember, Melissa, that no matter what it
is he asks of you," a trace of a devious smile began to cross
the Cowboy's lips, "it may be the last request of a dying
The Cowboy laughed uproariously at his own humor, and Melissa
was about to give him a tongue-lashing for suggesting such a beastly
thing, until she glanced at Schultz, and saw him blushing madly,
turning a bright beet-red. She instinctively toned-down her response
a bit, saying,
"I'll do nothing of the sort.", she saw Schultz, out
of the corner of her eye, looking like a puppy-dog that had just
been kicked, and she turned away, so that he wouldn't see her
blush as a result of the beyond-motherly emotions it evoked in
"I'll walk you to the car, Cowboy.", she said, tugging
him along.
The two of them hugged one another for an eternity, then kissed
gently and Cowboy turned to leave. As he climbed behind the wheel
of the limousine, he looked up at Melissa, and admonished her,
"You know, Doctor, forty-three years is a long time for a
person to have to hide any display of basic humanity from constantly
watching eyes. I've no doubt that D'Shauneaux is very vulnerable
to you, now that he is in a position to actually let himself feel
years of repressed emotions, without fear of discovery."
Melissa glanced back at Schultz...D'Shauneaux, it was so confusing...with
concern, knowing the burden he must have had to bear, those many
years. The Cowboy knew that he had hit upon exactly the right
nerve to set Melissa up for his final teasing, as he said,
"So please, be gentle with him."
Melissa threw him a blistering glance, as he drove away.
"Men!", she swore, turning to walk back to the waiting
As they drove out into the countryside, where D'Shauneaux had
a lakeside cabin that had been waiting forty-some years for this
day to arrive, it was obvious that he was not comfortable with
small-talk, but even less comfortable with expressing his real
thoughts and emotions, which he had needed to guard so very closely
for so many years. He was also extremely uncomfortable with being
in Melissa's presence, now that he was fully free to express whatever
it was that he felt toward her, but unable to bring himself to
do so.
"My lord," she thought to herself, "he blushes
every time I look at him, for heaven's sake. How could I not have
noticed anything for all these years? How could he have
not shown any feelings for me all these years?"
All of their attempts at normal conversation had been short, and
had turned quickly into embarrassed silences. Melissa tried a
new tack, however, asking him,
"D'Shauneaux, is the danger really as severe as the Cowboy
"Yes, all that, and more.", he replied, comfortable
to be speaking of something that had been very important to him
for many years.
"It must have been very difficult for you, all these years,
living with that kind of knowledge, and being able to do nothing
but wait, and stay prepared. It must have been a terrible burden
on you."
"It had to be done...but, yes, it was difficult.",
D'Shauneaux took a deep breath, and Melissa knew that it was taking
every ounce of his courage to continue. "It was very difficult
working with you."
He had said it, without even a glance in her direction, as if
it were no big deal to have said it, but Melissa knew that it
would be a mistake to reply to his statement directly.
"I don't know where you and the Cowboy find that kind of
courage," she told him. "Knowing the little that I do,
I'm terrified...absolutely terrified." She let herself
shiver, which was not hard to do, thinking of what might be coming.
Melissa moved over in the seat, gently, sitting beside D'Shauneaux,
without looking at him.
"Do you think you could hold me just a bit? Please?"
D'Shauneaux put his big arm around her ever so gently, as if afraid
he might hurt her. She could tell that he felt awkward, but she
knew that he would get better at it...with practice.
Melissa closed her eyes and rested her head on his shoulder. She
would see to it that he got plenty of practice.
Chapter 33 - BSD IV / Chapter 34 - A Drive In the

@_date: 1997-04-18 18:15:09
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Web World 35 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
The Triad
Jonathan, Alexis and Bubba sat sedately in the corner, waiting
for the Cowboy's arrival. Bubba broke out in a shit-eating grin,
and pulled a bottle of his infamous Private Reserve out from under
his robe.
Alexis, grinning from ear to ear, pulled out three shot-glasses
from her pocket.
Jonathan just stared at the two of them for a brief moment, as
if they were lunatics, then shrugged and reached for one of the
"I suppose that a death row prisoner is entitled to a last
Bubba filled the three glasses, as the small crowd of fellow captives
on the other side of the room watched nervously. The guards looked at the Shadow, who sat brooding silently in
his magnificent seat at the center of the proscenium. He smiled
slightly, and waved away the guards' unspoken question.
Gomez enjoyed watching these diminutive beings clinging to their
small creature comforts in an effort to stave of the reality of
their pending doom. Like the band on the Titanic, playing vainly
as their audience danced their way to a watery grave.
Seeing the Shadow's reaction, various members of the small crowd
began pulling out small flasks and sharing them with the others.
They seemed much less relaxed than the triad in the opposite corner,
however, and were partaking of the beverages offered as if receiving
the final sacrament that would hopefully result in their passing
on to a better place.
As Bubba and Alexis were downing a second portion of bourbon,
Jonathan spoke in a hushed tone, as if imparting important information,
"Perhaps they just want to ask us a few questions."
Alexis spit up her bourbon, spraying Jonathan with a fine mist.
Bubba choked on his, trying to prevent it from running out of
his nose, but failing. Then the three of them sat rolling in laughter
as the others gazed across the room at them in disbelief of what
they were seeing.
"I'll drink to that.", Bubba said, upon regaining his
composure. He poured three more shots of his Private Reserve,
which the trio quickly downed.
"Seriously..." Jonathan began, pausing when Alexis
and Bubba looked at him skeptically.
"No, really seriously." he continued, turning
to face Bubba, "since sunset is fast approaching, and sunrise
may not be coming, as far as we are concerned..." The
three looked at each other in silent agreement of the seriousness
of the situation, "...then perhaps you could answer a
few questions that have been driving me crazy."
Jonathan was looking hopefully at Bubba, who merely nodded for
him to continue.
"Well, for one thing, I was puzzled about the apparent connection
of the Author with so many of the more miscreant individuals and
groups of his time, as well as arms-length links to some of the
more notable abhorrent events taking place around him.
"For instance," Jonathan continued, "it seems everywhere
the Author went, there arose groups and individuals who were major
players in acts of destruction which claimed to be aimed at the
Evil One and his sycophants, but which, in fact, caused the deaths
of a multitude of ordinary people."
Jonathan paused, to take a sip of bourbon, then continued.
"From the intellectual Berkeley radicals to the Unabomber;
from the Oklahoma City bombers to the Solar Temple and Heaven's
Gate cults..." Jonathan stopped momentarily, at a loss
for words, and then blurted out, "even his 'son of gomez'
persona, 'sog', was strewn throughout the web of paramilitary
organizations surrounding his travels...Sons of the Gestapo,
ZOG, the Zionist Occupational Government, and a dozen other examples
Bubba cut him short with a soft wave of his hand.
"And on, and on, and on..."
"Exactly!" Jonathan exclaimed, relieved that Bubba recognized
the widespread threads that the Author's presence seemed to link
to during his wide-ranging travels.
The triad tossed down another round of drinks, and then Alexis
and Jonathan sat quietly, waiting for Bubba to begin.
"Who did McVeigh, the Oklahoma City Bomber call before the
bombing?" Bubba asked Jonathan.
"Strassmeir." Jonathan replied, then added, "And
then Strassmeir's lawyer."
"And when did Strassmeir, a German with close ties to that
country's rulers, move to the United States?" Bubba continued.
"1989." Jonathan said, adding, with a tone of quiet
astonishment, "The year that 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre'
manuscript began circulating in underground computer circles."
Bubba smiled. "And what was the purpose of his move to the
"To work on a special assignment for the U.S. Justice Department,
according to the interviews he gave in 'The Telegraph,' but he
was quoted as saying that 'It never worked out.'"
Bubba shook his head slowly in disbelief that Jonathan could have
done so much research, yet still manage to miss the obvious. "And, pray tell," Bubba prodded Jonathan, "what
were Strassmeir's duties when he was a lieutenant in the Panzer
Grenadiers, in Germany?"
Jonathan smiled sheepishly, and replied, "He worked to detect
infiltration by Warsaw Pact agents and then feed them disinformation."
He quickly continued the thread on his own, saying, "So his
claim of failure to go to work as an agent of the U.S. government
was merely more disinformation. And his U.S. contact was a retired
US Air Force colonel named Vincent Petruskie, who had strong ties
with double agents on both sides of the Iron Curtain."
Bubba nodded, smiling, and let him continue.
"Strassmeir went to Texas and started work for one of the
computer companies that was involved in the underground dissemination
of "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre." Jonathan hesitated for a moment, then made a further connection
in his mind, and continued.
"He was involved in the international implementation of 'Operation
Eunuchs.'" Jonathan said with a look of amazement on his
face. "He wasn't an agent of the Author, he was involved
in the search for him."
Bubba slapped him on the back and handed Jonathan and Alexis another
round of drinks, which they raised in salutation to Jonathan's
mental detective work.
"Precisely." Bubba grinned, proud of his young protg.
"The twisted trails which appear to follow the Author's presence
were actually indications of the results of the dissemination
of his manuscript."
"The reason that the momentous 'Operation Eunuchs' had so
much trouble following the trail of the mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
was that the only outward manifestations of the Author's manuscript
showed up in the work of those individuals who misunderstood his
message and incorporated his themes in their overt activities
and organizations. "Thus Strassmeir ended up following the trail to the Elohim
City religious militants, while other agents involved in the operation
infiltrated the Heaven's Gate cult who had extrapolated the 'Circle
of Eunuchs' ideal to include castration for the purpose of preventing
deviation from their aim of honing their computer skills to work
against the Evil One directly."
"Which was the very reason that those at the original meeting
of the Circle decided to go their separate ways, having no overt
contact with one another." Jonathan picked up the thread,
as he was starting to see the beauty underlying that decision.
"With no contact, the Magic Circle only existed in concept,
not in reality, so they could not be found, and thus be destroyed."
"They existed only in the Land of Mythos, as potentially
real." Alexis added, beaming. "Like a gas that could
be condensed, or solidified, in an instant, given the right conditions."
"Yes." Bubba beamed along with her, proud of both of
his protgs.
"While Gomez and the Dark Forces kept an eye on those, such
as the Unabomber, the Freemen, and the Posse Comitatus, who seemed
to be actively engaged in promoting the themes espoused by the
Author's manuscripts, but who were, in fact, merely incorporating
misguided bits and pieces of it into their activities."
"But didn't the Unabomber have a direct relationship to the
Author?" Jonathan asked Bubba, a quizzical look on his face.
"I remember that the Unabomber used to send him communiqus
over the InterNet through a contact in Billings, Montana."
"The contact was one-way." Bubba replied placidly.
"The Unabomber was linked to the hacker who named himself
the 'Evil 1', because of the Author's designation of the true
Evil One as the chief enemy of the Circle of Eunuchs. The Evil
1 hounded the Author wherever he surfaced on the InterNet, having
such prodigious computer skills that he could track him in a multitude
of ways, despite the inability of the Shadow's legion of agents
to pick up the Author's trail."
"Didn't the Author expose the Unabomber, leading to his arrest?"
Jonathan asked.
"Not directly." Bubba stated, smiling. "But he
certainly caused the discovery of his identity to the authorities."
Bubba laughed lightly, and told Jonathan and Alexis, with a wink,
"He tripped the Unabomber up with the 'Winner's Bluff' gambit,
just as he did with myself, and Gomez, and more than a few others
in his time."
"The reward for the Unabomber had grown to two million dollars,"
Bubba related to his avid listeners, "so the stakes were
extremely high.
"The Author, having traced the source of the Unabomber's
communications to him to Montana, suddenly contacted Basis Inc.'s
'gomez', in Berkeley, suggesting that he had a hot trail and they
should join forces to expose the Unabomber and share the reward.
"He purposefully transmitted the message in the clear, allowing
the Evil 1 hacker to intercept his message and pass it along to
the Unabomber, who, shortly thereafter, believing that the Cowboy
indeed held the cards needed to expose him, contacted his family
and had them turn him, thinking that he was outmaneuvering the
Author and enriching his family in the face of the inevitable."
"But he didn't actually have the cards to do it, did he?"
Alexis broke in with a Cheshire cat grin.
"No," Bubba smiled at her, "he didn't hold a single
face-card, as a matter of fact. All he knew was the source of
the ISP the messages were coming from, and he well knew that the
Evil 1 hacker would be able to pick up the trail of any probing
actions that the Author and 'gomez' might engage in to find him.
"But he was so bold in his declaration that the Evil 1 didn't
want to take any chances, and so the hacker convinced the Unabomber
of the danger of the Author's threat in order to sacrifice the
Unabomber and leave a cold trail for anyone following up on the
Montana connection."
"So," Jonathan declared in retrospection, "my assumption
that the Author was performing a superhuman amount of activity
to cover all of the ground where his influence was obvious was
actually a result of the dissemination of "The True Story
of the InterNet" manuscripts."
"Exactly." Bubba nodded in agreement.
"While much of the true work of the individuals working as
single-cell units of the Circle of Eunuchs was taking place in
unknown places, using untraceable methods, portions of the Author's
concepts were surfacing overtly in the increasing resistance to
central authority that was taking place in society at that time.
"Jane Wardlow Prettyman described what was taking place during
that era," Bubba noted, "in a work called 'The Paranoid
Bubba quoted an excerpt quite easily from memory, even as he knocked
back yet another shot of Bubba's Private Reserve.
"The question of state's/county's rights vs. a central union
was not settled with the Civil War. It just went underground.
It went out West."
"And the Author spent the majority of his time in the West,"
Jonathan added thoughtfully, "where a fishing pole, a rifle,
and a six-pack of beer was considered to be the equivalent of
a paramilitary identity card."
"Very perceptive, Jonathan." Bubba spoke with a grin,
patting him on the back. "You've certainly picked up on one
of the essential reasons that the Author's manuscript spread so
readily among the citizen militia of the time, as well as among
the more technically inclined."
"The Author," he continued, "was not an ivory-tower
intellectual. He bounced bars, roughnecked in the oilfields, and
operated as many whore-houses as he did computer companies. "He was a man for all seasons," Bubba concluded, raising
his glass in toast, "much like myself."
"Right." Alexis laughed, poking Bubba in the ribs. "You've been thrown out of bars, roughnecked with young girls,
and spent more than your share of time in whore-houses."
Jonathan and Alexis laughed heartily, while Bubba tried his best
to look offended.
"What about the CypherPunks?" Jonathan changed the subject,
realizing that sunset was nearing and the Cowboy would soon be
making his appearance.
"There seemed to be so many indications of the presence of
the Circle of Eunuchs within their ranks, yet, at the same time,
every apparent indication that this or that individual was a member
of the Magic Circle quickly turned into a wisp of smoke when I
took pains to examine it."
Bubba paused, lost in reverie, as Jonathan and Alexis looked on,
and then he spoke slowly and thoughtfully.
"Actually, your observations were no different from those
of the Shadow. He always kept a close eye on the CypherPunks as
the possible core of the Circle of Eunuchs, should it actually
"And perhaps, in a way, it was."
Bubba sipped his bourbon slowly, then continued.
"Some of those at the original meeting of the Circle of Eunuchs
gravitated naturally toward the CypherPunks mailing list, finding
kindred spirits there. They soon realized that the CypherPunks
embodied much of what the spirit of the Circle of Eunuchs stood
for, from the first.
"My ancestor, Bubba Rom Dos I, had told them that they must
band together, in order to fight against Gomez and the Dark Allies.
Young, stuttering Michael told them that they must disperse and
work separately in their grand battle, in order to prevent becoming
a stiff, hard entity that could be broken by force."
"The CypherPunks were, in many ways, a physical incarnation
of the concepts underlying the Circle of Eunuchs. They could be
described as an oxymoron known as a 'band of anarchists'."
Jonathan chuckled, and intoned, solemnly, "Close ranks! Every
man for himself!"
"Precisely." Bubba thumped Jonathan roundly on the back,
and poured them all another round of Bubba's Private Reserve.
"Everything about them was a dichotomy."
"Every label one tried to put on them failed to stick. Any
individual on the CypherPunks list might argue one point of view
one day, and the opposite point of view the following day, and
yet somehow manage to be consistent throughout.
"They not only drove you crazy," Bubba nodded
to Jonathan, "and drove Gomez crazy...they even drove
themselves and each other crazy, as well."
Bubba shook his head, as if at a loss to describe the CypherPunks
any further. Then he added, in closing,
"Perhaps the most defining feature of the CypherPunks was
that they strove to 'walk their talk', as the saying was in those
days. While they decried the increasing infringement of central
authority on the freedom and privacy of the individual, which
was near its zenith at that point in time, they chose to fight
for the right to be self-willed, rather than to impose their will
and beliefs on others.
"Instead of concentrating their efforts on forcing the authorities
to acting rightly, in the interests of freedom and privacy, they
focused on routing around the impositions and infringements that
the government and dark forces enacted to try to contain them.
"John Gilmore, one of the CypherPunks founders, often said,
'The InterNet interprets censorship as damage, and routes
around it.'  Very Taoist." Bubba concluded.
Jonathan spoke softly, quoting a section of the Tao Te Ching which
had been a particular favorite of his grandfathers,
"A man of Virtue performs his part,
"But a man without Virtue requires others to fulfill their
"The Tao of heaven is impartial.
"It stays with good men all the time."
The triad sat quietly, contemplating the lengthy trail of history
which had led to this point in time and space, where the future
of mankind seemingly lay in the balance, depending on what would
transpire among a mere handful of actors who were present.
But each of them realized that, whatever the outcome of this day's
deeds, it would be the result of eons of individuals who had raised
their banner, great or small, in the battle for freedom, and had
passed their torch to those who chose to carry it into the future.
A succession of individuals who had looked into the mirror of
their soul, heard the whisper of the Tao, and vowed that they
would not die plaintively pleading,
"Why didn't I do something."
Bubba poured the last of his Private Reserve into the shot glasses,
and raised his glass along with Jonathan and Alexis, as he softly
said, with a tone of great respect,
"To Vice-Admiral Bubba D'Shauneaux."
There was a commotion outside, beyond the doors of the Great Hall...
Chapter 35 - The Triad

@_date: 1997-04-19 13:46:41
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld 36 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Cron stood waiting at the entrance to the Council Chambers as
the limousine bearing the Cowboy pulled up to the curb. Two veteran
members of the Dark Forces elite stood ready to open the rear
doors. As the limousine came to a stop, however, the driver's
door opened, and the Cowboy stepped out to greet them.
"I hope I'm not late." the Cowboy exclaimed congenially
as he bounded up the steps. He stood face to face with the dreaded
Cron and added, "I'd hate to keep such an important gentleman
as the Shadow waiting."
The Shadow's countenance was blazing with an internal rage as
the Cowboy made his entrance, flagged by a half-dozen members
of the Dark Forces. Schultz was nowhere to be seen and the Shadow
had realized immediately that the Cowboy was here of his own volition.
His face grew even darker as the Cowboy smiled fondly at Bubba,
Priscilla, Alexis and Jonathan. Something was dreadfully, dreadfully
wrong. The Shadow struggled to maintain his composure as his heart
The mass of people in the back of the Great Hall, who had been
rounded up at Bubba's safe house began conversing in quiet tones
which rose to become a great murmur, resounding through the hall.
"Quiet!" Gomez screamed, quickly reducing their conversations
to near silence.
The Cowboy rose the few steps leading to the podium and stood
beside the Shadow, smiling benignly.
"Sorry if I'm a tad late," the Cowboy said, "but
Mr. Schultz's directions were a little vague." He stood,
waiting, for the Shadow's reply.
"Why don't we all have a drink." the Shadow responded,
playing for time while he endeavored to read what this startling
train of events portended. He motioned the Cowboy and his small
group of friends toward the bar.
They moved, as a group, toward the bar at the back of the hall,
with Priscilla, Alexis and Jonathan showing signs of extreme trepidation
and unease. The Cowboy and Bubba, however, seemed quite at ease,
despite being deep within the Inner Sanctum of the Evil One and
the Dark Forces.
The Cowboy stood silent, sipping his drink, obviously waiting
for the Shadow to begin the conversation. Gomez realized that
it was himself who was in the dark, and conceded his position.
"I presume that you have been engaged in some sort of activity
since your release from Nuthouse Number Nine." the Shadow
"Not at all." came the Cowboy's truthful reply.
The Shadow was wary, but he knew that the Cowboy was not playing
"So your situation hasn't changed then, has it?", the
Shadow continued, but he instinctively knew that the answer he
was about to hear was not one that he desired.
"The situation has changed immensely," the Cowboy replied,
nodding to Jonathan, who broke out in an ear-to-ear grin, "and
I'm sure that your guests," he nodded toward the masses at
the back of the hall, "would appreciate your announcing that
the banquet you have prepared is ready for them to sup from."
The Shadow burned inside with a violent fury, but he realized
that the Cowboy was, once again, making him 'pay to play.' The
Cowboy would not be forthcoming with the information that he wanted
unless the Shadow conceded this small concession.
"I could have them shot." the Shadow contended, not
willing to concede so easily.
"All the more to confirm the existence of the Magic Circle
to those outside this room." the was the Cowboy's unsmiling
retort to the Shadow's threat.
"Seat our guests." the Shadow shouted to his
minions, waving in the direction of the startled mass of people
at the back of the Great Hall, and snapped his fingers at Cron,
pointing toward the tables which had been set in preparation for
the Dark Forces grand feast following their victory.
Cron rushed to the kitchen to set the staff in motion.
"Thank you." the Cowboy responded graciously, and then
turned to Jonathan, who spoke slowly and clearly, despite the
fact that he was obviously shaking in his boots.
"Excuse me Mr. ...," Jonathan realized he wasn't
sure how to address the person to whom he was speaking, "...Sir,
but I think that perhaps you should check your recent CyberPosts."
He stopped, and receiving no reply, added, "I believe that
there is a message of common interest to all of us."
The Shadow placed his thumb upon the Identity Verification module
of a nearby GraphiCube and hit the CyberPost update key. The screen
leapt to life, and the Shadow found himself confronted with a
ghost from the past.
Return-Path: Received from toad.com([140.174.2.1]) by mercury.grill.sk.ca for
Received (from majordomo by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3)
id IAA20555;
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
"We have met the enemy, and he is us."
--Tim May
Just say "No" to "Big Brother Inside"
We got computers, we're tapping phone lines, I know that ain't
Timothy C. May----------- | Crypto
Anarchy: encryption, digital money
tcmay anonymous
networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA | knowledge, reputations, information
Higher Power: 2^1398269 -| black markets,
collapse of governments. "National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information
The Shadow spun around furiously to face the small group, once
again, only to be met by the last thing he had expected to see,
after all these years, as Jonathan finished rolling up the sleeve
of his shirt.
A slight, but audible, groan came from the depth of Gomez's bowels,
rising to a fever-pitched scream that was inaudible, but which
showed in every fiber of his being, nonetheless.
The Mark of the Toad.
CypherPunks! The one group of misfits that he had always watched
with the utmost concern, deeming their group, if any, to be the
one that might harbor the secret lair of the Circle of Eunuchs.
The Shadow had brought all of his agents to bear on this interminably
insolent group of anarchists, searching for any sign, for the
slightest indication, that they were acting in concert, as a unit,
to foil the plans of the Evil One. Every indication had been that
they were indeed just a rag-tag band of anarchists, shooting themselves,
and each other, in the foot, as they railed ceaselessly against
forces that they ill-understood.
"You only had time to send a single post, before you and
Alexis fled to the safe house." the Shadow proffered, hoping
against hope that he was right. "You and she were monitored
the whole time. We only let you proceed in order to let you lead
us to the others."
"You sent just a single post." the Shadow reiterated.
"And I'm the fucking Pope." Jonathan shot back, resurrecting
a favorite phrase of his late grandfather, knowing that the Shadow
would be well versed in the nuances of his grandfather's verbal
He couldn't help rubbing it in a bit, saying, "The Anonymous
Remailers and the SpamBots are a marriage made in Heaven, even
when they're named Lucifer."
Jonathan knew that the Shadow wouldn't miss the significance of
the remailer whose historical address was lucifer
The Shadow shot Jonathan a fiery stare which would melt the soul
of most any mortal, and realized that Jonathan was protected from
his gaze by the certitude that comes from speaking the truth.
Nevertheless, he instinctively turned to the GraphiCube once again,
and drew up the next CyberPost.
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-SpamBot: Full Broadcast
X- SpamHeader: "_fuck_you_morons_"
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: - "They'll take my cryptography when they pry
it from X-Comments: - my cold, dead algorithms."
X-Comments: - Cyphernomicon
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from . It was
X-Comments: by an automated anonymous remailer. Send all complaints
X-Comments: requests for blocking to .
X-Comments: -
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size - None
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Recipients - Infinite
X-Remailer-Setup: PGP messages accepted
How would you like to MAKE BIG $$$ while doing
what you're already doing every single day-SITTING AT HOME, LICKING
YOUR OWN DICK?
Sure, I know what you're thinking. This sounds
TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE, right?
Well, friend...
The Shadow had seen enough to realize that the messages had undoubtedly
been spread far and wide. Those who failed to recognize the significance
of the Tim May post would certainly recognize the work of the
Doctors of Spamology--Vulis, Grubor...whoever. While the CypherPunks
had been relegated to the status of dusty, villainous legends
in the minds of most of humanity, Spamology had never lost its
status as a pleasant pastime for the lower primates, and the Evil
Doctors, as they were known in their own time, were now regaled
as heros who had battled the traitorous CypherPunks.
The Shadow turned to the Cowboy, once again, attempting to hide
his discomfiture, and said, blandly, "So what do you propose
that we do now, Cowboy?"
"We eat, we drink, and then we all go home." the Cowboy
replied, matter-of-factly. "Then we wake up in the morning
and we continue the game, as before."
The Shadow stood in silence, contemplating his options, but every
way that he figured it, the reality of what the Cowboy said was
Slaughtering those assembled here would only help to spread rumors
on the outside of the true existence of the Circle of Eunuchs
as a real, existing force that was joined in battle with the Evil
One and his Dark Forces. It would inspire others to join in the
battle-unknown others in unknown places, picking up the torches
that they deemed to have been dropped by the martyrs that would
be created if the Shadow followed his natural inclination to eliminate
these troublesome pests.
If he let them return to their dreary, boring lives, then he could
counter whatever reports they made to others by engaging the momentous
forces of disinformation that he had at his disposal. If everything
continued as before, then their wild-eyed claims would be no better
received than those of the drunken fool, Bubba Rom Dos. They would
be nothing more than additional, unbalanced voices, crying in
the wilderness.
And in time, even most of those involved in this whole affair
would begin to doubt its reality, themself. It would become just
another fuzzy dream as their minds drifted back into the group
consiousness around them-a massive gravitational pull that would
return them into the passive mind-set desired by the Evil One.
The Shadow turned to the small group awaiting his response, and
said, perfunctorily,
"Tomorrow, we begin again."
The Shadow turned and stalked off to his private quarters at the
back of the Great Hall, leaving an icy trail of aloofness behind
Chapter 36 - Cyphernomicon

@_date: 1997-04-20 16:21:44
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Epilogue to WebWorld 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Bubba Rom Dos IV, derelict and philosopher, sage and savant, stood
teetering at the edge of the modest group that had gathered around
the barbecue in the backyard of the country home of Bubba D'Shauneaux
"To the legendary, mythological "Circle of Eunuchs."
he declared, raising his glass in toast to all around him. Whereupon
Bubba promptly fell on his sorry, drunken ass.
The small group laughed heartily, throwing paper napkins and dandelions
they picked from the ground upon his pitiful carcass. "Bubba, the 'Circle of Eunuchs' doesn't exist-everyone knows
that.", Priscilla said, picking him up from his ignoble position
on the ground.
"A complete fabrication for the dim of wit.", the Cowboy
added, smiling from ear to ear. "I'm surprised that a man
of your renowned intellect still chooses to spout that illogical
"Then why, pray tell, are we all still alive?", Bubba
replied, with a sweeping gesture of hand that encompassed all
gathered there.
All eyes turned to the Author, waiting for his reply.
"Because," the Cowboy stated succinctly, "we are
mythical creatures, living in the realm of mythos, and it is infinitely
harder to kill a myth than to kill a reality."
His statement was met with a resounding applause from the small
group gathered around him, and it spread to the larger group of
guests who were gathered at the back of the small cabin, though
they had heard little of what was being discussed by the small
band of individuals that they regarded as their saviors.
One of them cried out, "Cowboy. Where do we go from here?"
The crowd awaited his answer.
The Cowboy motioned the crowd toward the lake, and everyone walked
silently toward the shore, hand in hand, each lost in his or her
own thoughts about the events of the last few days and their thoughts
for the future. Bottles of 'Bubba Rom Dos' Private Reserve' were
passed from hand to hand as they each became seated at the edge
of the lake, and the Cowboy walked to the water's edge, gazing
out over it.
He stood silently, looking out over the lake for a few moments,
and then turned to those gathered before him, saying, "There's
nowhere to go."
Bubba, standing to the Cowboy's right, placed his hands upon Priscilla's
buttocks, and said, "Wherever you go, there she is."
This was met with a resounding roar of laughter and a barrage
of freshly picked flowers from those gathered at the lakeside.
Priscilla smacked Bubba's hands and he grinned sheepishly as everyone
waited for the Cowboy to continue.
The Cowboy smiled at Bubba and Priscilla, who were holding each
other and swaying slightly, at last comfortable with releasing
themselves to feel the affinity they had always shared. He cast
a glance at Alexis and Jonathan, currently involved in the self-same
procedure of lifelong bonding.
Bubba had performed a special ceremony before the gathering at
D'Shauneaux's cabin, one which had submerged Alexis' conscious
realization of the special Yin-Yang relationship she held with
the Cowboy, and freed her to continue to develop her being with
the one who would be her life-sharing SoulMate in her present
incarnation-Jonathan. Upon completion of the ceremony, when Alexis and Jonathan began
realizing the close bond that was developing between them, the
Cowboy could not stop himself from remarking that he thought it
unseemly that Alexis should be consorting with a man six years
her senior. Jonathan and Alexis had watched, mystified, as Priscilla,
Bubba and the Cowboy rolled on the floor in laughter, with the
two of them wondering why the others all seemed to think that
the Cowboy's remark was so hilarious. "Nothing has changed.", the Cowboy began, once again
turning to those gathered before him by the shore of the lake.
"Or perhaps," he added, as a gentle afternoon mist began
rising from the edge of the lake behind him, "one could say
that everything has changed."
"Perhaps," he continued, as the mist at the edges of
the lake began spreading, in swirls, across its great expanse,
"the Lake of Life has begun to turn over."
"Perhaps, the bottom is rising to the top, the top is descending
to the bottom, and everything is becoming the opposite of what
it seems to be."
"Perhaps," the Cowboy continued, as he paced slowly
back and forth, his voice becoming an almost inaudible whisper
which seemed to emanate from in front of those gathered there,
and behind them, and from all sides, "we have all been saved
by a small group of saviors."
He gestured towards Bubba, Priscilla, Alexis and Jonathan, and
then toward D'Shauneaux, who was just joining the gathering, in
the company of Melissa.
"Or perhaps," he said, turning to face the crowd,
one and all, directly, the rough whisper of his voice now carrying
softly upon the gentle wind which was blowing in from the lake,
shrouding them all in a fine, opaque mist, "we were saved
by the GrandMaster whom myth has foretold to be the individual
who would step forward when the time came where the Evil One would
make his bid for control over the souls of all of humankind, across
the face of the earth." The Cowboy stepped forth into the gathering, and began pointing
to first one, then another, of those assembled there.
"Perhaps it is you, or you, or the little one..."
, he paused to place his hand upon the head of a small child being
held in her mother's arms, "...who is the GrandMaster.
For legend has it that as long as there is but one free man or
woman on the face of the earth-a single person capable of holding
tight to free and rational thought-that there remains a 'cubic
centimeter of chance' that all of humanity can escape the bondage
of the Dark Forces which strive to imprison us."
The Cowboy continued walking through the throng of people, who
were each sitting quietly, hanging on his every word, and he proceeded,
saying, "Or perhaps it is all but a dream, and we will
awaken in the morning, wondering if it is at all possible that
what we have seen, and experienced, in these last few days, is
The mist arising from the lake had now enshrouded everyone in
a dense fog, leaving each of them alone in his or her private
universe, as the Cowboy's voice rose to a commanding pitch of
"Forget not, what you have seen and heard in these few
preceding days. Be not afraid to speak of the things you have
seen and heard, to those who have ears to hear-even though it
will lead to others labeling you a fool, spreading fables for
the dim of wit."
"Pick up the torch which has been passed to you, and hold
it high, though it's burden may cause you to stumble and fall,
and though others around you may give up, in despair. For you
are the Author, the Hacker, and the Fool-and you are the GrandMaster
who stands guard over the souls of all humankind, across the face
of the whole earth, and beyond."
"For as long as their is a spark, there is hope. As long
as their is a myth, then the myth can be made real, through faith,
hope, belief-and action."
The gentle wind from the lake slowly dissipated the misty fog
surrounding those gathered there that day, as they looked at one
another in silence, realizing that the Cowboy was now gone and
they were, once again, on their own.
Bubba Rom Dos IV stepped forward, lifting his glass in toast,
declaring, "Thus ends the Second allegorical meeting of the
nonexistent 'Magical Circle of Eunuchs.'"
He was roundly pelted with a fresh gathering of hastily plucked
wildflowers as he downed his toast to a mythical group which has
never really existed, and possibly never will.
As the group dispersed, amongst hugs and kisses between one and
all, each person stopped by the side of the lake, to gaze at their
own reflection, knowing that the time might someday come when
they were the last free man or woman on the face of the earth.
And each resolved, within himself or herself, that they would
not die, asking plaintively, "Why didn't I do something."
Gomez sat quietly in his study, staring vacantly
into the dark void which stretched interminably before him. Once
again, all of his efforts had come to naught, and all because
of a myth...a myth which had been actualized though becoming
endued with a small spark of hope, faith and belief. A myth which
had created a smouldering ember of expectancy in these infernal
creatures who continued to resist the plans of the Evil One to
subdue them, and hold them in bondage to his Grand Purpose for
all of mankind to serve Him.
Gomez slowly poured himself a shot of 'Bubba Rom
Dos' Private Reserve', noticing, for the first time, the words
in fine print at the bottom of the Logo.
"Mythos is the 'Black Bitch' of
the universe...it's the wildcard in the Game of Life."
Epilogue / "WebWorld & The Mythical
Circle of Eunuchs"

@_date: 1997-04-21 21:47:31
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: WebWorld / Appendix 
Title: The True Story of the InterNet
The True Story of the InterNet
Part II
WebWorld & the Mythical 'Circle of Eunuchs'
by Arnold
Copyright 1995, 1996, 1997 Pearl Publishing
Part I of "The True Story of the InterNet," entitled,
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" was written by the Author,
but left incomplete by his unexpected death.
The Epilogue to Part I was written by Bubba D'Shauneaux.
Part II of "The True Story of the InterNet" was completed
in what might be called "finished-outline form" by the
Author before his death, with copius notes left behind as to the
nature of "moving events" which would need to be addressed
ad hoc during the release of the manuscript.
The manuscript was completed as a group effort by the individuals
who form the core of characters who are the protagonists in Part
Although many of the events (and some of the characters) contained
in the manuscripts which comprise "The True Story of the
InterNet" are allegorical, all references to the activities
and events in the Author's life, up to the date of publication,
are based totally on verifiable fact.
Although some of the events and connections attributed to the
Author may seem outlandish or contrived, rest assured that they
are not considered to be so by those who actually knew him. He
lived a life which was unusual, to say the least, and absolutely
no embellishment was, or is, needed, in order to to make his personal
story more compelling or realistic.
InterNet/WWW Hosting of "True Story of the InterNet"
The manuscripts may be placed on any InterNet or Worldwide Web
Site without restriction, as long as they remain intact, with
all appropriate credits and copyrights, and it is done for non-profit
purposes only.
Those hosting the manuscripts may, if they wish, adjoin their
own additions to the remaining space in the WebWorld Chapter 25
Stego (hopefully doing so within the theme of the work).  All
additions shall be deemed to be covered under Pearl Publishing's
copyright of the manuscript.
A wide variety of individuals have worked toward the completion
and dissemination of the "True Story of the InterNet"
manuscripts since the beginning of their release in 1989.
To date, none of them have asked for acknowlegment, in any way,
shape, or form. While there may be cynics who maintain that this may be due to
the multitude of problems sometimes experienced by those whose
participation in the release of the manuscripts has become known,
or suspected, my personal perception is that the people involved
are quite simply acting out of what they see as a need for the
manuscripts to be given exposure, regardless of the level of reception
the works receive.
Acknowlegments are in order, however, for those who make it worthwhile
for those involved in the dissemination of the manuscripts to
give their time and effort in this cause.
And who is it that makes the effort worthwhile? It is the individual
who is beset by the same trials and tribulations as the average
person, but who nevertheless strives to rise above the hardship
and discrimination that results from swimming against the tide
of humanity currently being swept along by the dark forces who
direct and control both the mediums through which we communicate
with one another and the societal and legislative regulations
which govern those mediums.
It is the individual who fights against the constant barrage of
information and disinformation, at every turn, which seeks to
mold them into a small cog in a collective, subservient mindset
that worships the ten-second sound byte, the party line, and the
group reality.
It is the individual who struggles to maintain a private island
of intellect, rationality and integrity, in the face of seemingly
overwhelming forces which struggle daily to subdue him or her,
and bring them into subjection to the enemy of all humanity-robotic
acceptance of an unlimited authority which claims to have the
right to exercise dominion over the rights, freedoms, and personal
conscience of the individual.
These individuals are scattered across the face of the earth-alone,
in small groups, throughout networks of people who work in concert,
and in the secret places, working furtively, in constant fear
of discovery by those who are threatened by their ideals and their
Those involved in the dissemination of Part II of "The True
Story of the InterNet" have agreed that acknowledgment for
the distribution of "WebWorld & The Mythical Circle of
Eunuchs" should go to those who currently manifest many of
the qualities of the Author's allegorical "Magic Circle."
The CypherPunks.
Members of list 'cypherpunks-unedited':
Members of list 'cypherpunks':
Members of list 'cypherpunks':
Members of list 'cypherpunks':
No listing returned: Check at 525 1/2 Barton Springs Road,
Austin, Texas.
Patron Saints of "The True Story of the InterNet":
Lao Tsu
Che Guerva
Marshall McLuhan
Phillip Zimmerman
Hughes, Gilmore & May The Reader
Appendix / "WebWorld & The Mythical Circle
of Eunuchs" / Part II "The True Story of the InterNet"

@_date: 1997-08-31 20:16:41
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: Re: Confirmation on Diana, please? 
Actually, her death was meant as a message to the cypherpunk paparazzi.
Unlike the good little soldiers who come at the beck and call of the
rich and powerful, and who sit and stay like good little puppies when
told to do so, the cypherpunk paparazzi resisted being herded about in
the interests of others, accepting scraps from the table of benificent
  Once Diana started becoming a strong, self-directed person, she became
a threat to those who pull the strings of everyone connected to the
House of Windsor. Her recent moves into the political arena, under the
influence of a rich sandnigger who was buying up all of the good votes
in British Parliament, made her very, very expendable.
  You mean the aneurism for "Attack at Dawn-D.Thorn?"
  Just tell Louis Freeh you want my unlisted number.
  Why are you fishing for information that is freely available to
anyone with access to a clue-server?
  A liability has now become an asset, at the same time drawing fire
on Rupert Murdoch, sending a message to the off-white trash inundating
England, and opening up an opportunity for those in power to stomp some
human rights into the ground while claiming support for 'privacy.'
  Prince Charles is now free to marry, without having an unroyalized
'ex' to whom his new bride would pale by comparison. You can't have a
loose cannon ex-Princess running about being mother to the heirs to the
throne (which would make Prince Charle's next wife an usurping slut who
hadn't bourne the Royal children).
  Now Prince Charles is free to find the 'right' woman--one who will
understand that her role is to play the docile, anal-retentive spouse
while Chucke gets his nut with his ex-stripper girlfriends. Now Prince
Chuck is free to become King Chuck.
 I don't know who talked her into going along with the previous attempts on her life as "suicide attempts" in return for getting cut loose from
the Royal family, but I hope they are ashamed of themself. Once Diana
had allowed those 'rumors' to be dispelled, then she became a potential
target, once again. And once she was out of the reach of the people who
had been medicating her (in order to lend credence to the attempts to
have her perceived as mentally unstable), she was a danger.
  Count the number of times you hear the press unwittingly mention that
she died just when her life was coming together and her star was rising.
  When you are done counting, that is the number of reasons for why she had to die. Think about it.
   ~~

@_date: 1997-09-11 15:26:11
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: InfoWar 4 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
The Rules of War The Rules of War (Part II)
The Rules of War
The wild-eyed, disheveled figure sat hunched over the keyboard
of his laptop, frantically seeking meaning in the words that lay
before him.
Bubba furtively lowered the screen on his laptop, hiding his important
work from the prying eyes of  Priscilla.
Priscilla eyed Bubba oddly, before asking, "Do you want
me to bring you some dinner, or do you think it's time to take
a break?" She put her arms around him from behind and
gave him a peck on the neck. She was beginning to worry about
"No, no. Just leave me to do my work." Bubba
snapped at her, which was totally out of character for him.
"OK, Bubba, I'll check on you later. Holler if you need
Priscilla walked away, more troubled than ever. She thought
it would be a good idea to have a talk with the Cowboy and see
if he had seen any signs that the mental and emotional energy
transfer from the Trei Transponder was having undue effect on
Bubba's psychological balance.
"No, no, of course not!" the Cowboy seemed irritated
by Priscilla's question.
Priscilla decided to leave the subject until later in the evening,
when the Cowboy had had time to relax from the long hours that
he had been putting in.
But the Cowboy continued...
"It is ridiculous to think that a mere modicum
of energy from a lunatic could have significant effect on the
psychology of highly developed, balanced individuals who have
spent a lifetime exercising rational and logical control
over their thoughts and emotions!"
The Cowboy was starting to wave his arms around, pacing as
he continued speaking in a loud, agitated voice. Priscilla was
now on the edge of terror.
"We have evidence..." the Cowboy shook a handful
of HydroCubes in her face, "evidence that the Dark
Allies have their shills positioned throughout the CypherPunks
The Cowboy leaned close to whisper to Priscilla, as he noticed
Jonathan and Alexis approaching.
"People we never suspected before, but now we have proof."
the Cowboy couldn't help raising his voice in triumph.
"Proof of what, Cowboy?" Alexis was looking
at him with a puzzled expression on her face.  She instinctively
knew that something was going terribly,  terribly wrong with their
further experimentation with the Trei Transponder.
The Cowboy gave Alexis, then Jonathan, a blank stare for several
seconds, before seeming to remember who they were. Then his eyes
lit up and he rushed over to the GraphiScreen, throwing a HydroCube
up for everyone to see.
"Look at the lines!" the Cowboy said in a mysterious
whisper. There were hundreds of names, connected by multicolored lines
joining them together, in pairs and in various combinations.
"We didn't see it before, because we weren't using the
Crayola colors."
"The old colors!" the Cowboy whispered
to the stunned group in front of him, as he looked furtively over
his shoulders as if checking for unseen eyes looking back.
Jonathan, Alexis and Priscilla could only look on in stunned disbelief
as the Cowboy turned back to the GraphiScreen and began pointing
from line to line, outlining the basis for the great conspiracy
that was taking shape in his mind.
"Look, Iranians and Japanese, trolling for crypto information
on the CypherPunks mailing list and getting no response. Then..."
the Cowboy turned to them in wide-eyed triumph before turning
back to the GraphiScreen and pulling up a post by Nobuki Nakatuji.
"Hotmail.com." the Cowboy said, with great satisfaction,
 before noticing that his small audience was looking totally mystified.
"Don't you see?" the Cowboy said, growing
increasingly agitated. "Hotmail.com! The government supported
ISP which gave away free accounts so that they could monitor
everyone's email until they got mandatory Key Escrow legislation
passed in that era."
"And who answered him?" the Cowboy looked at the
three as if expecting an answer, and after receiving none from
the increasingly perplexed onlookers, began talking louder, as
if volume alone would make it all come clear to them.
"Igor! That's who!"
"Igor Chudov, the clever Russian who pretended to be the
voice of reason during the censorship crisis, downplaying the
suspicions and rants of the shit-disturbers on the mailing list.
"Then, when the tide turned against the fascist censors,
Igor joined in the outcry against them, and offered to host one
of the new,  distributed CypherPunks mailing lists. Then he slipped
quietly into the background, watching and listening as he worked
on his identity forgery autobot for the Dark Allies."
Alexis and Jonathan gave each other pleading glances, each hoping
that the other would think of something to say in order to break
the psychotic spell that the Cowboy was weaving in his own mind,
and which now was increasing affecting their own.
As the Cowboy looked furtively over his shoulder, once again,
they found themselves looking in the same direction, half-expecting
to see something.
Priscilla watched Alexis and Jonathan with increasing nervousness,
seeing what was taking place, but not having any idea what she
could do to stop this increasing madness, either.
"But Igor slipped up." the Cowboy pointed to
a thread of posts between the Russian and Japanese cryptographers.
"The foreign government troll, once his quest for information
was ignored, then became an instant expert in cryptography, promoting
Gao's Chaos Cryptosystem, and giving examples of source code,
in order to gain the trust of the CypherPunks. And Igor jumped
in to join the thread, hoping to draw some of the less experienced
list members into their sticky web.
Priscilla, seeing Jonathan and Alexis mesmerized by the Cowboy's
rhetoric, tried to interject a hint of reason into the situation.
"Cowboy, I don't think that really proves..."
The Cowboy cut her short, waving his arms once again.
"The proof...the proof is here!"
the Cowboy waved his hand dramatically over the recall control,
pulling up a copy of Kent Crispin's crypto contribution to the
"See? Do you see?"
"Kent Crispin known government shill, joining his
fellow conspirators in creating a diversion on the list by keeping
a thread going on crypto systems and source code. Drawing the
list member's attention away from the important issues."
"Uuhhh...Cowboy." Jonathan shook off the hypnotic
effect that the Cowboy was having on him. "The CypherPunks
mailing list is a cryptography discussion list."
"Exactly!" the Cowboy slapped Jonathan soundly
on the back, pleased that Jonathan was starting to perceive the
true depth of deviousness involved.
"That's why they can get away with it, you see?"
"Because it's a cryptography discussion list nobody
sees what they are doing! No one suspects that they are government
shills, trying to divert the list member's attention from the
important messages that our contact is sending to the list. You
The Cowboy was trying to remember the name of their link with
the past. The man that they were in contact with through the Trei
Transponder. Why couldn't he think of it?
Priscilla was about to seize the opportunity to break into the
Cowboy's rambling soliloquy, when Bubba came bursting into the
"C2Net!" he shouted. "C2Net!"
Bubba, too, paused, waiting for the small group to acknowledge
his wide ranging conclusion as to the main source of the diverse
plot involved in the Dark Allies omnipresence throughout the CypherPunks
list. Once, again...nothing.
"It all ties together." he quickly resumed his
startling revelation.
"Hettinga and Broiles. That was the key." The
Cowboy drew closer as Bubba inserted the HydroCube he had been
working with and booted it onto the GraphiScreen.
"Hettinga and Broiles, the C2Net tag-team from the censorship
crisis, attacking Tim May back to back, with Hettinga keeping
May engaged in long discussions on computers and computer history.
"Then Sameer, President of C2Net, stepping in to downplay
the importance of the Departments of Justice and Commerce being
able to make unconstitutional decisions about encryption exports,
without it being subject to judicial review."
"I was almost fooled myself," Bubba rambled on,
a wild smile forming on the edges of his lips as he described
the revelation he had received in reading the CypherPunks list
posts from the past, "but Dr. Vulis, ever vigilant, did
not let Sameer's presence go unnoticed. Once again, he exposed
him as the vile pawn of the Dark Forces working against freedom
and liberty through strong encryption."
Priscilla, seeing that Jonathan and Alexis had sat down and given
up any attempt to step into this boiling pot of lunacy, attempted
once again to provide a voice of reason.
"But didn't C2Net end-run government export restrictions
by developing strong crypto products off-shore? I thought Forbes
magazine even did an article on Sameer called "The Man Who
Wants To Overthrow the Government.
"You seem to be saying that those who succumb to government
pressure are spineless shills of the Dark Forces, and those who
appear to do well in resisting government pressure are evil pawns
in collusion with the Dark Forces."
"Exactly!" the Cowboy and Bubba cried
out in joyous unison, giving Priscilla a monstrous hug, happy
that she, too was now seeing the true depth of the evil plot once
again arising on the CypherPunks mailing list.
Priscilla shook her head in disbelief, and sat down beside Jonathan
and Alexis.
It was going to be a long, long night.
The Rules of War (Part II)
Bubba and the Cowboy sat up long after the others had retired
for the evening, comparing notes and adding more and more colored
lines linking the conspirators in the dark plot taking place on
the CypherPunks list.
"The Rules of War." Bubba said.
"What? Oh..." now the Cowboy remembered. That
was the title of the last chapter they had given to their link
to the past to...
"What's that guy's name, again, Bubba?"
"The one whose digital implant we linked to with the Trei
Transponder?" Bubba thought for a moment. "I
can't recall right now, for some reason, but we'll think of it."
Bubba assured his companion.
"We had him release that last chapter as "Rules of
War" but we forgot to lay out any guidelines for CypherPunks
and Circle of Eunuchs members who wanted to take part in the release
of Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet.'" Cowboy
picked up where he had left off.
"Maybe it's for the best, anyway, since it has become
pretty clear that almost all members of the CypherPunks lists
are spooks or government shills of some type or another."
The Cowboy and Bubba were once again going over their list of
conspirators to see if they had left anyone out.
"Mark Hedges, running the Anonymizer server after he took
it over to allay suspicions of Sameer's monitoring of it for Gomez
and the Dark Allies. That also means that Justin Boyan is part
of the plot, since he wrote the software for it." Bubba
said, in review.
"And Lance Cottrell, running Infonex, which is connected
to C2Net and acting as apologist for the Anonymizer gang
using C2Net-style Gestapo tactics to enforce the Anonymizer trademark,
even among fellow CypherPunks." the Cowboy added.
"Yes!"  Bubba was getting increasingly excited.
"Lance Cottrell. The man largely responsible for the existence
of the mixmaster remailers." Bubba looked horrified.
"Cowboy! This means that the Dark Allies have their pawns
and shills in place in the heart of the CypherPunks technology-the
The two of them sat stunned, as they read the quote in Cottrell's
signature file:
"Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra.  Suddenly
it flips over, pinning you underneath.  At night the ice weasels come."
                        --Nietzsche
A bold reference to the Reptilian Nazis, living under the ice
caps of Antarctica, at the South Pole! This was a devastating
"They are everywhere!" Bubba and
the Cowboy said, in unison.
Jonathan had been lying awake, listening to the two increasingly
crazed men for quite some time. Now he got up from his cot and
walked over to join them.
Jonathan reached for the bottle of Jack Daniel's and fortified
his mind for the battle that lay ahead of him. "If you
can't lick 'em, join 'em." he thought, as he knocked
back his second shot of the cool, stinging liquid.
"Bubba, Cowboy. I think we need to proceed extremely cautiously,
here."  The two looked at him, nodding, and waited for
him to continue.
Jonathan was glad that he had been sufficiently exposed to Bubba's
tangled trail of logic in the last few years, as he knew that
he was going to have to wing it...
"It's quite obvious," Jonathan said, as he let
himself sink into their shared state of deranged paranoia just
far enough to communicate at their level, but not so far as to
become submerged in it, "that the CypherPunks list members
are not aware of most of the others being pawns and shills of
Gomez and the Dark Allies, like they themselves are."
"Equally obvious," Jonathan realized the importance
of sounding certain of himself when dealing with people who had
descended beneath reason, into the quagmire of magical thinking,
"is the fact that we can proceed with our plan, exactly
as before, since they will all have to maintain their cover stories,
and act accordingly."
"Right." Bubba said, as he and the Cowboy fell
into line with Jonathan's reasoning.
This was going to be a piece of cake...
"So we're agreed, then." Jonathan wasn't happy with the final outcome of their deliberations,
but at least he had gotten the two men to agree to 'acting as
if' the CypherPunks were all who they appeared to be, and thus
proceeding in a deviously normal fashion.
"The only ones we can trust are our contact..."
Jonathan couldn't remember his name, either, and this troubled
him, "...we'll call him Arnold, for now...Alec McCrackin
and Tim C. May."
"And we're not sure about Tim May." Bubba quickly
interjected, to be safe.
"Of course, Bubba. But we decided that the terrible thing
he did to Arnold at the 'Home' was probably just to allay the
suspicions of the others that he really loves and respects Arnold
for his honesty in admitting that he is a bad liar and forger."
Jonathan could still hardly believe that he had managed to
sell that bottle of snake oil to these two, no matter how many
cards had fallen out of their decks in the last couple of days.
"So we'll keep an eye on him." the Cowboy agreed,
"Just in case..."
The problem, now, was what to do about trying to put some semblance
of order into the release of Part III of 'The True Story of the
There had never been much structure in the writing and dissemination
of the manuscripts, from the very beginning, and now it would
be increasingly difficult to hold the process together, given
the haphazard disorganization of the CypherPunks becoming involved.
Some were sending ideas and possible themes to them through...Arnold.
Some were working on their own chapters and sending them to Arnold
for HTML formatting. Some were preparing to write and release
their own chapters in their own ways.
And now those who had started the ball rolling, from a century
in the future, were quickly becoming candidates to join Arnold
as roommates in the "Home for the TOO Happy."
And they had already used the "Rules of War" chapter
title twice, without addressing the issue. Things were falling
apart fast.
Perhaps it was better to turn this chore over to McCrackin. Yeah,
what the hell. If this all went to shit, there was no reason for
Arnold to go down alone...
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')

@_date: 1997-09-25 21:22:36
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: InfoWar 21 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Lying Fucking Nazi Cunt Sex Criminal
Lying Fucking Nazi Cunt Sex Criminal
"This has got to stop!" the crimson-faced man
threw the printout on the desk of the Sex Criminal.
The Sex Criminal, as usual, just laughed and tried to make light
of the situation. "Well, at least Lying Fuck is better than Lying Nazi Cunt."
the Sex Criminal winced as the woman Senator walked into the
room just as the words were coming out of his mouth.
The Nazi Cunt shot the Sex Criminal a stare that took the heat
out of even his easily excitable loins. The post she had in her
hand was even more to the point than the one that the Lying Fuck
had thrown on the Sex Criminal's desk.
She handed it to the Lying Fuck with a chagrined grin, saying,
"Why don't you read it first, Mr. Freeh-dumb!"
The Sex Criminal began to chuckle, but stopped quickly when the
FBI Director shot him a stare that was colder than even the Nazi
Cunt's withering look.
The Lying Fuck then turned his attention to the email that the
Nazi Cunt had received, along with a few hundred other Senators
and Congressmen shortly before the vote on the ultra-fascist Oxley
Amendment to the dictatorial SAFE bill being pushed in the House
Commerce Committee.
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "He who shits on the road, will meet flies upon
his return."
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "GOMEZ IS COMING!"
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from TruthMonster.
X-Comments: It was sent by an automated anonymous asshole under
X-Comments: auspices of the Electronic Forgery Foundation.
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: Note: Send any complaints about abuse of this remailer
X-Comments: to the person most concerned about your rights and
X-Comments: freedoms. (Hint: It's a "mirror" site.)
You should be careful before you do foolish things like making
a death
threat because it can have really bad results.  People like the Constitution a lot and if you are making
a death threat
against it then it is like saying your going to kill someone else's
friend or family and everyone knows that they will kill you because
they are domestic and not a stranger.  Or is it that they are
stranger and not domesticated?
Never mind. You know what I mean.
"Damn!" the Lying Fuck swore with a vengeance,
"It's the fucking nephew, again."
He began to pace the floor, angry that he had been boxed into
a corner where taking strong action in response to this post would
involve sending a swat team into an allied foreign country to
arrest a fourteen year-old kid. A cute kid, nonetheless. A cute
Christian kid.
He shook his head slowly, as if in pain, as he continued to read
the kid's continuing diatribe against encryption opponents.
Especially if you try to make it so that they cannot put aluminum
hats on their thoughts and their words and their writing. Then
they get really, really, nervous and maybe start thinking that they
have to
kill everybody because they are not safe from anybody. You should be careful before you vote to kill the Constitution
and look
under all your chairs and stuff, just in case. The Sex Criminal was reading the same passage, and he looked up
at the FBI Director, asking, "Isn't that a threat? Can't
we do something about that?"
He looked to the Nazi Cunt for support...
"Jesus, Bill!" the Nazi Cunt said, rolling her
eyes upward.
"You want to send the fucking Marines up to bring back
a Canadian teenager in leg-irons so that he can remind our citizens
that we have a constitution? Give it a break."
Freeh continued to read the email.
Even if you do think you can kill the Constitution and still
have all of
the people believe you are not a bad person then you should at
try not to let really stupid people who you work with say things
"I am too stupid to learn about this stuff so I am going
to let the guys
who want to make aluminum foil hats illegal and put everyone in
decide how I vote to kill the Constitution."
The one those guys who always say "Nuke DC" call Swinestein
that and it made everyone think you are all that stupid and going
let people with guns who kill women and children make your votes
for you. Then even more of them say "Nuke DC" especially
when they
remember how bad the guys with the guns that you are letting vote
you fucked their friend (sorry but thats what they did) for making
a stink with the IRS.
The Lying Fuck couldn't help himself-he burst out laughing, with
the Sex Criminal following close behind. He caught her frigid
stare and said, "You said it, not me..."
"...Swinestein." he half-mumbled under his breath.
"I heard that, you bastard!" the Nazi Cunt screamed,
turning and stomping out of the room in a great huff.
 If you take away some of the guns from people then you have
to take
away all the guns or you are in big trouble. If you take away
some of
the Constitution from people then you have to take away all of
Constitution or you are in big trouble.
Even if you think you took away all of the things that people
can use
to be safe and free then they will make more-like Doritos. If you try to kill them with bullshit then they will try to
kill you
with their own brand of fertilizer. If you take away their aluminum
foil hats then they will make hats out of paper and call them
Forever Young.
The FBI Director recognized the veiled reference to the Eternity
Servers. He made a mental note to himself to begin action against
them as soon as possible. He could make it a side-project of the
agents working against the anonymous remailer operators.
That reminded him...hadn't they already killed off the Huge
Cajones Remailer? He needed to check that out, ASAP.
Killing the Constitution is a lot like killing DC-if your going
to do
it then you might as well do it right and do it all at once.
Guys with guns who want to kill Freeh-dumb know that and so do
guys with nukes who are Freeh-dumb fighters. (My uncle made up
new word about him-he said he "testiLied to Congress.")
"Cocksucker!" the Lying Fuck banged his fist
on the Sex Criminal's desk.
"This fucker is dead!" he screamed, beginning
to lose control, and throwing the email on the floor, stomping
on it with one foot, and then the other.
The Sex Criminal continued to read the end of the post.
Don't be a stranger,
p.s. - If you see Declan McCullagh getting in his car and driving
hell away from the city then you should get in your car and do
the same thing. You dont need to pack a suitcase because I think if
does that then there is already one packed.
(Thats what the guys with guns told you in your secret meetings
so you will kill the Constitution for them isnt it?)
The Sex Criminal looked puzzled.
"How do these people get this information?" he
naively asked his head bonecrusher.
The Lying Fuck was getting tired of explaining the obvious to
this fucking idiot, but he took relief in the fact that now the
Line Item Veto had been passed, they could dump these liberal
shills off at the next election stop and bring in an Aryan thoroughbred
to make the Run for the Roses at the turn of the millennium.
"We know we're going to do it. They know we're going to
do it. The nuclear suitcase argument was Oxley's hole card, but
this fucking email took the steam out of his argument by ridiculing
it before it was even presented." "Fucking cypherpunks!" the Lying Fuck spit the
word out, as the Sex Criminal handed him a printout of a news
article that would be appearing in print the following day.
Encryption Bill Gets Approval Of House Panel By CHRIS DiEDOARDO    San Diego Daily Transcript, Sept. 24, 1997
 The 40-11 vote late Wednesday in the House Commerce Committee
could sound the death knell to FBI Director Louis J. Freeh's attempt
to require software companies to install a "back door"
in their security packages in order make them more accessible
to law enforcement officials.  "In closed session, the FBI said they don't have a problem
with encryption in foreign markets, as they have the ability to
use the military to decrypt the messages," Bilbray said,
adding the agency didn't have that capability domestically. "God damn it!" the bonecrusher's temperature
was rising, once again. "What the fuck good is a 'closed
session' when everything we tell these dweebs gets printed before
we get out of the goddamn building.
"The press breaks the stories about our spreading bad replacement
parts into foreign weapons systems, and the next thing you know,
we have planes falling out of the fucking sky faster than we can
count. Now we have to try to keep other countries in line with
our weak encryption policy at the same time we're confirming that
we can read their fucking minds and want to keep it that way."
He shook his head in disgust, and continued reading the article.
Early reaction from within the encryption industry was mixed.
While John Kelsey of Counterpane Systems in Jefferson City, Mo.,
thought the Markey-White package was better than the alternatives,
he said there was still a long way to go. "The best thing they could do is get rid of the export controls
and otherwise not interfere by trying to regulate this technology,"
he said. "The FBI should be pushing for all Americans to
use strong crypto, as cryptology makes crime harder." "When you encrypt credit-card numbers, that makes it a lot
harder to commit credit card fraud," Kelsey said. "In
fact, properly designed payment protocols make it very difficult
for people to steal money from the system or frame other people."
"What happens is the law-abiding citizens are constantly
being encroached on for the convenience of us in government."
"Intuitively, it seems like a bad idea to build a large infrastructure
for eavesdropping on the American people," he said. "That's
not a decision people should make without spending a lot of time
thinking about whether we're comfortable doing that, as we'd be
building the infrastructure for a police state." "Fucking cypherpunks!" the Lying Fuck said again,
recognizing Kelsey's name.
"Fucking cypherpunks!" the Sex Criminal echoed.
The FBI Director sat silently steaming, making quick and hard
decisions as to how to proceed with his agenda of total information
Time to start hitting the hardware vendors hard, again, shaking
the trees for those who would be the quickest to fold to the NSA's
plans for hardwired monitoring and back doors into all aspects
of computer systems, including encryption.
He took his pen and circled the name 'Intel' on his game plan
"Hit them hard and hit them everywhere." he said
to himself. It was long past time to bother with the pretension of friendly
discussion. He had gone past the point of no return with the announcement
of his intention to gain law enforcement access to all aspects
of corporate and private communications, the Constitution be damned,
and he was not about to turn back now. Not on your life...
Copyright "TruthMangler "
"I stuck my head between her cheeks, but I didn't inhale."
~ Marv Alpert
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite

@_date: 1997-09-30 17:36:04
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: InfoWar 24 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Lenin's Parrot Circumstantial Truth
Lenin's Parrot
Dr. May pointed to the omelet that the orderly had placed in front
of Arnold. "This is your mind without drugs."
he told his favorite patient.
The orderly took away the omelet and replaced it with a plate
of scrambled eggs. "This is your mind on drugs."
Dr. May continued.
The orderly replaced the scrambled eggs with eggs 'over easy.'
"This is your mind being sodomized by New York City Police
The orderly grabbed Arnold and forced his mouth open, as Dr. May
shoved the eggs into it and forced them down his throat with a
toilet plunger. Arnold began gagging and choking, struggling to
free himself, as the eggs hatched and turned into chickens, filling
his mouth, throat and stomach with feathers.
"Good morning, Arnold." Melissa pulled his head
out of the pillow and began cleaning the feathers out of his mouth.
"It looks like you're having another fit. Have you been
doubling up on your medication again?"
Arnold stared blankly at the woman who was sitting on the edge
of his bed, wiping his face clean from the combination of slobber
and chicken feathers that made him look like an unholy mess.
"Doctor Melissa!" Arnold shouted with joy. He
couldn't remember where he knew her from, but he knew she was
a good person-she was his friend.
Melissa helped Arnold out of bed, straightening his pajamas with
great concern for his appearance, knowing it would help him to
retain his dignity.
"You don't really remember who I am, do you Arnold."
Doctor Melissa said, softly, eyeing him with great concern.
"No." Arnold replied, truthfully.
"Well," said Melissa, a widening smile breaking
across her face, "do you remember Boot War III?"
She kicked him in the groin as she shouted the words, sending
Arnold falling to the floor, clutching at his private parts, which
were in immense pain.
Dr. Young entered the patient's room, smiling at Arnold's predicament.
He turned to his fellow physician with a smile.
"Good morning, Dr. Schultz. I see that you have welcomed
Arnold back to our little family."
Bending over to speak to the fallen Arnold, Dr. John Young spoke
sternly to him, saying, "You know that you can't
stay away from the 'Home For the Criminally Insane' for longer
than your weekend pass permits. We have rules here, Arnold.
This is not an anarchy, you know. This is a government facility."
Dr. Young turned and left the room, motioning for Doctor Melissa
to follow him.
Arnold was beginning to remember Doctor Melissa, and how she was
working at Nuthouse Number Nine, and then ran away with Bubba
d'Shauneaux to join the Circle of Eunuchs, and now she was back
here, kicking him.
"You're a double agent!" Arnold said, bitterly
disappointed and feeling betrayed.
"Triple agent." Melissa whispered, slipping him
his aluminum foil hat on her way out of the room. She locked the
door behind her.
? the Lunatic had laid out all of the evidence he had gathered
concerning the Circle of Eunuchs' subtle presence that wound a
long and scattered trail throughout the media industry of the
late 1990's.
He found it hard to believe that The Real Guy expected him to
go along with the plan to use evidence of the Magic Circle's influence
on the mainstream media as 'proof' that there was no grand conspiracy
by secret agencies to thwart the efforts of wild-eyed conspiracy
theorists to shed light on the dark undercurrents that run throughout
society and government, at every level.
? the Lunatic knew that he could provide a mountain of circumstantial
evidence that would provide an outline of the visage of the Magic
Circle which shone through the dark veil that the Evil One and
his minions had thrown over reality through their manipulation
of the mainstream media. But 'circumstantial evidence' only served
as 'proof' for those who already believed.
This was as true for Mike Tyson as it was for O.J. Simpson, as
it was for Marv Albert.
And for the Circle of Eunuchs, as well...
? the Lunatic laughed like the psychotic maniac he truly was.
He enjoyed being a madman. It gave one the freedom to let
one's mind wander into the realm of forbidden thought, without
guilt and without blame.
"I'm a fucking lunatic!" he shouted to
the electronic monitors on the ceiling above him. He knew 'they'
were watching him. He knew that 'they' would only allow him to
divulge those things that they approved of to the mass of humanity
being imprisoned outside of the walls of the "Home for the
Criminally Insane," where they could be controlled and manipulated
by threatening them with the loss of their physical freedom.
"The fools!" he shouted at the ever-present
'they' whose physicality lay at the end of the chain of electrons
which they could use to spy on his body, but not on his mind.
"They will call me 'mad' for telling them the truth,
and you will call them 'fools' for hearing the truth and thinking
it to be madness."
"You use me, I know." ? the Lunatic whispered
into the hidden instruments which were an open secret in the facility.
"I wear the hat of madness," he said, tipping
his aluminum hat to his covert companions, "and I dance
the dance of the fool, for your amusement." he did a
pirouette which turned into a curtsey as he reached behind his
back and brought forth a bottle of "Bubba's Private Reserve"
and a shotglass.
"But I have my moments..." ? the Lunatic said,
with a sly wink, knowing that the watchers would be launching
into a scurry of activity to consult their superiors about his
possession of a forbidden substance.
? the Lunatic sat down in front of his keyboard, prepared to reveal
all to those who had ears to hear, and eyes to see.
He knew that he would be allowed his forbidden libation, just
as he would be allowed his forbidden thoughts-for his captors
needed the words of truth he would speak to serve as a threat
to those who feared the freedom of imprisonment in the 'Home For
the Criminally Insane.' His captors feared that if the masses
did not hear the truth first, from a madman, that they might hear
it from the Saints, from the voices of reason who were hiding
on the outside, in the midst of the madness storming the land.
On the far side of the rubber walls around him, ? the Lunatic
knew that there existed a world in which Lenin's Parrot echoed
the dangerous thoughts of the "People's Czar" in the
music that he used to whisper forbidden socialist secrets to the
children of the masses.
But, within the boundaries of free thought where the words of
truth bounced back to the ears of those who spoke them, Lennon's
Parrot was a dirty bird who spoke the forbidden words that made
their owner a threat to National Security and a target for surreptitious
eyes and ears.
"No matter how many times you throw me into the rubber
room," ? the Lunatic spoke to his hidden captors, "I
will always bounce back."
He laughed maniacally and began to type rapidly, as if his very
life depended upon completing the mission he had been assigned
by forces beyond his reach, pleading with him to use his madness
as a protective cover to spread the truth across the face of the
earth, as the seeds of a madman who cared not whether they fell
on barren or fertile soil, but only that they were spread far
and wide, so that they might take root in the places where there
were cracks and crevices in the wall of evil that had been built
around the minds of mankind..
Circumstantial Truth
"You didn't believe A Player To Be Named Later, did you?"
? the Lunatic said, as he typed, 'af;jdafkjeqruerjfurq2r09r9uriejroiureur...'
He would continue to type utter nonsense for hour after hour,
as his monitors became dazed and confused, little understanding
that his speech was for those who monitored him from a century
in the future, capturing his thoughts and opinions in order to
better understand the details of the history of the Magic Circle
which lay at the foundation of their hope for a future in which
their minds would find freedom and their bodies would live in
liberty, beyond the tight grasp of the Evil One and the Dark Forces
who strove to enslave them.
"You can see through the deceptive trickery of his claims
of precognition in releasing information in Part III of 'The True
Story of the InterNet' which would later be confirmed by independent
sources...can't you?"
? the Lunatic was speaking directly to the skeptics who he
knew would be wracking their brains in order to find new ways
to dismiss the growing mountain of evidence that the Magic Circle
not only existed, but that it existed in every segment of society,
leaving clues as to its existence laying in plain sight, but shrouded
in parables and in allegory.
"Presidents and Computer Gods don't involve themselves
in the ranting of lunatics writing subversive manuscripts for
secret societies claiming to be fighting for freedom from the
Dark Forces existing as an undercurrent throughout the world of
impersonal technology. Every one knows that..."
"It's a game. It's nothing but a game. The LMBoyd sampler
must have been sent out before chapter 20 of 'InfoWar' was submitted
to the CypherPunks mailing list. And if it wasn't...well, then
whoever authored it must know somebody on the inside of
the LMBoyd web site...someone who is working in collusion with
"It's the rational explanation."
? the Lunatic smiled diabolically as he continued typing madly
and speaking madness.
"The rational explanation..." he continued.
"The rational explanation for the thinly veiled references
to the Author throughout the entertainment media must be 'coincidence'
and 'collusion.' It cannot be otherwise."
"The references to him on Miami Vice could be the result
of the Armadillo World Headquarters employee who went on to become
their casting director. Likewise with the figure named C.J. Parker
on Baywatch.
"Parker is a common name," he continued, as if trying
to convince himself, "and that would explain the characters
named Parker in the X-Files, or was it Millennium...or was
it both?" ? the Lunatic would leave this as an
exercise for the reader, as the CypherPunks were so quick to say
when challenging those reading their mailing list to learn to
think and reason for themselves.
"What about 'JAG'?" he asked himself, in a conspiratorial
whisper, his mind sinking deeper and deeper into the dark waters
of an ocean of paranoia which was capable of swallowing up the
strongest of deep-thought divers who explored the underwater caverns
of the subconscious mind.
"Surely it couldn't be a Circle of Eunuchs project aimed
at subliminally confirming the Author's claims of the existence
of a secret arm of Navy intelligence which was working behind
the scenes with groups such as the Circle of Eunuchs and the CypherPunks
in order to defend the Constitution, and freedom itself, from
the plans of a secret government to use the secret forces of the
CIA and NSA to implement a New World Order in America and the
rest of the free world."
"No," ? the Lunatic continued, sarcastically,
"it has to be just a coincidence that the lead actor is
a Canadian, that the lead actress is named 'Bell,' that the Circle
of Eunuchs' Bubba d'ShaunEAUX was connected to a comedy writer,
Patrick LabyortEAUX, who worked with a Canadian confidante of
the Author in 'Little House on the Prairie' and whose character
in JAG bore the initials BR, as in Bubba Rom Dos. And, of course,
the Admiral in the TV series was chosen without any regard for
his relationship to the Author when he guest-starred in 'Northern
"And, naturally," the madman smiled to those monitoring
him, as he typed his insane nonsense onto his computer screen
at an increasingly faster rate, "the reference to SOG
in the CBS season premiere had nothing to do with the son of gomez."
"No, it is all coincidence!" ? the Lunatic
rose, with the bottle of "Bubba's Special Reserve" in
his hand, waving it about as he spoke to the secret watchers,
letting his madness take its ground.
"Nor was the TV movie 'CLONED!' part of a Circle of Eunuchs
warning about the secret activities of the underground Nazis portrayed
in 'The Boys From Brazil' which intimated that cloning was possible,
and gave details which were unknown to most scientists until years
"No!" he roared at the ceiling and walls. "The
name of the company doing the cloning in the movie, 'Nor'West',
mirroring the name of the company the Author started the same
year that 'The Boys From Brazil' was released-the 'Northwest Mountain
Madness Company', whose motto was 'If we can do it, it can't
be done..."
"The name of the mother of the dead child being cloned
was, Sky...the same as the name of the dead son of the
Author...but it was a coincidence, I tell you, a coincidence."
"a horde of major armed forces figures suddenly resign
or are shifted to non-sensitive positions-and the world hardly
seems to notice."
? the Lunatic quoted from chapter 19 of 'InfoWar,' knowing that
the 60 Minutes piece a few days later on the railroading of Air
Force Lt. Col. Rogers and another Air Force intelligence agent
named Julie Clemin would only be recognized by Magic Circle members
as bearing the marks of the persecution of their secret initiates.
No notice, no chance for self-defense, merely relieved of command
and immediately transferred to a remote location with an office
in a warehouse that contained no phone and no way of communicating
with the outside world. A sham court-martial where he was charged
with 'conduct unbecoming an officer,' for allegedly running over
a cat with his vehicle, among other ludicrous charges. Finally
convicted for walking on parked cars without causing any damage
to them.
"Yes, we the sheeple," ? the Lunatic shouted,
as he sat down at his laptop and resumed typing nonsense, "the
Air Force threw away a career officer with a million dollars invested
in his training, for walking on parked cars.
"Nothing unusual there! Everybody just go back to sleep."
? the Lunatic was beginning to nod out, himself.
He could tell them more...much, much more, but there was really
no point in doing so.
? the Lunatic was tempted to tell the sheeple about Intel, but
they would find out soon enough what the threats of anti-trust
action were all about.
Besides, if the sheeple couldn't follow the course of their future
by reading the plain facts surrounding the issues of life and
technology that were posted daily to the CypherPunks list, then
it was unlikely they were capable of following the whispering
thread of the Tao.
? the Lunatic hit his return key, knowing the flurry of activity
it would cause in the monitoring room when his watchers discovered
that they could not prevent his missive from going past their
firewalls and into the outside world.
It would be days before their experts, after working night and
day in frenzied effort, would conclude that everything he sent
was pure gibberish.
He may be crazy, but he felt the warm glow of the world's finest
bourbon washing over him, and he knew that he, unlike his watchers,
was going to sleep peacefully tonight.
Copyright "Anonymous TruthMonger "
"I may be crazy, but at least I'm not you."
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite

@_date: 1997-10-24 18:21:04
@_author: Bubba Rom Dos 
@_subject: InfoWar Epilogue 6 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Epilogue Bubba Rom Dos
WORK AND NOT WORK
Looking back over the events of my life since I wrote Witness
and the experience of the Institute Summer School of 1962;
it becomes more than ever clear to me that our understanding of
man turns upon the problem of Reality. If the aim of existence
is Self-Realization and if this is identical with God-Realization,
then the connecting link that makes them one and the same is to
be found in the meaning of the word 'Reality'. If all were equally
real, then realization means the process of transformation that
leads from the unreality or imperfect reality towards Reality
in the fullest sense.
The theme of this book is that there are both degrees and distinctive
modes of Reality, and that there is a process that leads from
the Unreal to the Real. This, in its turn, requires that there
should be a means of effecting the transformation. This 'means'
is what we call by the name of WORK. In the book there are few
references to Work, either in the absolute sense as the process
of universal realization, or in the relative sense of personal
transformation. This is because those who participated in the
discussions started from the premise that Work is a reality in
both senses: absolute and relative. We were not concerned to discuss
the authenticity of the process of transformation, but to understand
it better.
The obligation to work for Reality is the Categorical Imperative
from which life derives its meaning. It is, as Kant showed in
the Grundlage, the ultimate, irreducible, moral certainty from
which are derived our notions of God, Immortality and Ethic. I
have never been satisfied, nor I believe was Kant himself, with
the Critique of Practical Reason. It does not convey the sense
of urgency which we experience in contemplating life based on
Work and life without Work.
I was impelled to write this Epilogue by the impact of a vision
or vivid dream that woke me from sleep a few nights ago.
I found myself in some remote, antipodean place where people were
living ordinary lives. I recognized not a few of them as people
I knew or had read about and noticed with a sense of wonder rather
than surprise that some were still living and others were dead.
They did not notice this difference because in any case they were
all ghosts. But they were all aware of being ghosts and wanted
to turn into real people. From time to time, an aeroplane arrived
with others who joined them and among the new arrivals were both
living ghosts and dead ghosts. I was made aware that all was well
with these people because eventually they would cease to be ghosts.
Then I found myself back again nearer home; but this time I was
taken to some kind of underground place. Here also were people
more or less happily occupied with their daily lives and some
of them were now living and others were dead. These also were
ghosts but these ghosts were neither able to distinguish between
life and death, nor did they understand that they were no more
than ghosts.
I knew that I must tell them about their condition and about the
other place where ghosts were being transformed into real beings.
When I spoke to them of aeroplanes that could take them over,
they said that they would go only if an aeroplane would come back
and assure them that there was a place for them over there.
I remember very clearly explaining that once an aeroplane had
gone over, it would never return. This seemed to them illogical
and unreasonable and they took no more notice of what I said.
Then I found myself in a kind of lift being taken back to the
surface. I looked at the lift-man and said to myself, "If
I were not colour blind I should see that his face is grey".
Somehow, this observation brought home to me the terror of
being a ghost and immense pity filled me for these people who
had lost the possibility of becoming real.
As I began to wake up, I said to myself: "What does it
really matter that they are only ghosts? They are good, decent
people, living good, decent lives and if they are satisfied with
unreality why should they be disturbed? Their ghostly existence
is also necessary."
At that moment I awakened completely and saw, in a flash, the
infinite significance of Work. It is the imperative of all imperatives,
the source from which all life takes its meaning, the way to Reality
and even Reality itself. Work takes many forms: but all forms
have one common character: the Will to Reality. Whether
active or passive, whether in solitude or in society, work is
always one and the same: it is the dedication of the will to the
realization of Reality. This dedication carries with it the obligation
to share understanding with others and to serve
the Work in its universal significance. That is why those who
have seen the difference between ghost-life and real-life are
compelled to speak of what they have seen-even to those who do
not wish to hear.
I am more than ever aware of the imperfections and even the errors
in what I have written. I am ashamed to offer it as a "Spiritual
Psychology" to those who are seeking for the Reality that
is Work. Let it be taken as an essay and an attempt to share an
understanding that is still in the process of being born.
J.G. Bennett.
January, 1964.
{Excerpt from "A Spiritual Psychology" by J.G.
Bubba Rom
"He who shits on the road,
will meet flies upon his return."
What is InfoWar?
InfoWar is the voice that tells you that you
can shit on the road, and not meet flies upon your return,
if you spray the area with Agent Orange.
InfoWar is the voice that tells you that you can spray the area
with Agent Orange and not suffer any consequences to your
own health, because you don't live here.
InfoWar is the voice that tells you the people who do live
here are Communists who need to be killed, with the help of Agent
Orange, and people who need to be saved from both the Communists
and the flies, with the help of Agent Orange.
InfoWar is when the evening movie at the PX
is 'Clockwork Orange' and your head starts pounding, as
a ferocious battle begins between your awakened prenascence and
the thundering voice which is screaming, "It is not
synchronicity...it is only a coincidence."
InfoWar is when you can look at a picture
of a napalm-burned child and tell by the color of their skin whether
or not they are the enemy.
I am not arguing for or against this or that
battle, this or that war. I am only pointing out that anyone who
returns from war the same as when they left for war, or with their
sanity completely intact, in need of no healing...
Well, let me just say that they already live in a Virtual Reality
within which the inhabitants of that reality do not realize that
they are ghosts.
InfoWar is when you don't turn on the gas...you
only put them in the ovens.
InfoWar is when you don't put them in the ovens...you only
turn on the gas.
InfoWar is when you don't drop the atomic
bomb, you only design it.
InfoWar is when you have two types of nuclear bombs and you convince
yourself that they both need to be dropped, not for testing
purposes, but to end the war earlier, and to save lives.
InfoWar is going to sleep praying that your Generals and Nuclear
Physicists don't wake you in the morning to tell you that they
have developed a third type of nuclear bomb, which must
be dropped in order to shorten the war and save lives...or
a fourth, or a fifth.
InfoWar is convincing you to develop nuclear
software without a backdoor that you can use to prevent it from
raining destruction on the innocent, because you are just a programmer,
an engineer, a designer, a grunt, and these types of decisions
are to be made by those who are trained to know when it is right
for millions upon millions of people to die, and for the earth
to be scorched beyond repair.
InfoWar is convincing you to design surveillance
software without a mechanism available to defeat it if it falls
into the hands of the Destroyer.
InfoWar is thinking that you are an island, and that your island
only produces the tools and weapons that can be used for great
Good or great Evil-thinking that those on other islands bear the
responsibility for how those tools and weapons are used.
"If ye love wealth greater than liberty,
the tranquillity of servitude
greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us
in peace.
We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick
the hand that
feeds you. May your chains set lightly upon you; and may posterity
that ye were our countrymen." -- Samuel Adams
Y2K not a 'bug'-it is not a 'design flaw.'
It is a collaboration, in preparation for...
Apple has not collapsed 'in spite of' being
Y2K compliant, but 'because' of it.
The Congressional IRS investigation is taking
place despite the fact that the agency is not doing anything that
it hasn't been doing for years and years. When heads roll (out), new heads roll in.
The Secret Lab Players are being given leading
stage roles, in positions such as at the FBI Crime Lab, in preparation
What was CAMP (Campaign Against Marihuana
Production) all about?
It was a male bonding ritual between the Federal, State, regional
and local law enforcement agencies. It was laying the groundwork to shipping tens of thousands of
federal assault rifles to local and regional LEA's in preparation
Full featured scaleable Telemetry systems
for power reticulation control
and a host of other applications. Exciting innovations in Telemetry
Systems. Designed and manufactured to your exact needs.
 1873 bytes, 11Aug97
"The average person's views of love are no longer based
upon their relationship with each other, but upon what they see
on TV."
- President of Video Valentine
"That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips,
no audio. Just text. Deal with it."
-News of the Weird
"The '[ANY]' program cannot be 'fixed,' because it's working
precisely as the politicians want it to."
-Vin Suprynowicz   Assistant Editorial Page Editor of the Las Vegas Review-Journal
number of laws.
of boy scouts you're
beautiful There's no
is the power
criminals, that it
Who wants a
enforced nor
the game, and
Everything since the Big Bang has been plagiarism.
Will the future plagiarize Hitler or Ghandi?
One Free Will, one vote...
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite
