
@_date: 1997-03-28 07:18:53
@_author: 8.7.5/8.7.3 
@_subject: CypherPunks Hash Distribution Network 
Received: from  (
[199.232.240.107]) by orion.bc.sympatico.ca with ESMTP (8.7.5/8.7.3)
id HAA00780 for ; Fri, 28 Mar 1997
07:25:54 -0600 (CST)
Received: from toad.com (toad.com [140.174.2.1]) by (8.8.5/8.8.0) with ESMTP id IAA05988 for ;
Fri, 28 Mar 1997 08:17:21 -0500 (EST)
Received: from wombat.sk.sympatico.ca (wombat.sk.sympatico.ca
[142.165.5.136]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id FAA24044
for ; Fri, 28 Mar 1997 05:16:52 -0800
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: "Mad Dog in possession of the last False Smile."
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from . It was remailed
X-Comments: by an automated anonymous remailer. Send all complaints
X-Comments: requests for blocking to < hsce
X-Comments: -
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size - None
X-Remailer-Setup: Reordering is OFF
X-Remailer-Setup: Logging COMPLETE Messages
X-Remailer-Setup: PGP messages accepted
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
X-Mailing-List: cypherpunks
X-List-Admin: ichudov
X-Loop: cypherpunks
network of
that the following
cause any
cyberpass and
an occasional
It sounds to me as if we might already have a naturally recurring
parallax to a hash-collusion system here.
In other misused words, perchance the ASCII art spams and multiple
copies of various posts, which became common fare for anyone who
followed the moderation/censorship experiment/dictatorship of
Gilmore/Sandfort and Toad/C2Net in Jan/Feb, are nature's way of
exacting a cost for subscription to the CypherPunks list(s).
Perhaps the good Dr. Vulis DV K, rather than being called a flamer,
should be referred to as our good friend, Mr. Fire, who helps
to clear the deadwood out of the forest.
Apparently, over a thousand pieces of deadwood were cleared
in the last cycle of flame wars. ("Run, Bambi. Run!")
Below, agreeing with me (in my dreams):
enhance reputation]
and tying an
has to have
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ (emphasis mine)
best they
choose to accept.
Which begs the question, is the current system capable of acting
as an outgoing filter? Can it glean out the losers who are cruising
for an easy view of cryptography issues, and help maintain a higher
level of membership, limiting it to losers who have a more dedicated
interest/psychosis in privacy/paranoia cryptography/disinformation
post the hash
have digicash
Perhaps if Dale developed an 'outgoing filter' system to go with
Adam's 'incoming filter' system, we could have the best of both
worlds, being saved from "Make $$$ Fast" spams, but
having to use
our delete keys to ante-up in regard to our own list loons.
We could also institute a 'bad hash' system, where bad-hashes
like Tim C. May and Attila T. Hun could use their guns to balance
the threat of legal actions from bad-hashes like Greg Broiles
Side-Door Sammy.
With new developments such as these, to thwart the efforts of
anti-thwarters to bring balance and sanity to the list, perhaps
the CypherPunks can bypass the inevitable evolutionary extinction
of the 'bug-fixed' victims of insect vasectomies, and bring in
the new millennium as the longest running wash-out-your-mouth-with
Soap Opera on the InterNet, staying one step ahead of the guys
with the ButterflyNet.
The Truth of the Mongrel is, that we obviously need to develop
a system that makes certain the spam we receive is CypherSpam.
The loons on the list should be CypherLoons. Our membership
should consist of CypherIdiots, CypherNewbies, CypherElitists,
CypherLosers, CypherCynics, CypherSpooks and CypherGenius'.
Where else can movers and shakers like Robert Hettinga join
in an list-takeover attempt, then participate in the call for
the killing of the list when the takeover attempt has failed miserably,
and then, like a whirling dervish acting as his own spin doctor,
re-appear, riding on the back of the CypherXenix rising from the
ashes, and genuinely declare, "I *love* this list."?
Where else can CypherWoofers like Toto roundly condemn Sandfort
* and Gilmore * as fascist censors,
then praise
his own bum-buddy, Igor Chewed-Off *, for his site
blocking efforts, and then again, cynically whine when his own "Make
Big $$$ Licking Your Own Nuts At Home" bulk-emails are intercepted
and deleted?
(* - ASCII Graphicology allegedly (c) DV K Bot-ling Plant, No-Inc.)
Where else can Afro-American cryptographers have their native
tongue, Ebonics, recognized as a valid encryption system?
Where else can you be guaranteed that your typos will be forwarded to Ft. Meade, to be pored over by military analysts
for hidden meaning, quite possibly launching world infowars as
a result of drunken, sticky fingers.
The CypherPunks list, love it or leave it, is still, far and away,
the best show in town.
("If I can make it theeerrre...I can make it anywheeerrre...")
And the way this relates to cryptography is...my brain is Anarchist (Don't) Rule!
Truth Mongrel
Just say "No" to "Bad Dog Inside"
We got nuts, we're peeing on telephone poles, I know that ain't
Truth Mongrel | Doggie Anarchy: cats chased, bones buried,
tm | anonymous droppings, analog come-calling
Woof! Woof! | legs lifted, territories marked
"Yard fences aren't even speed bumps on the garbage sniffing
Jonathan went through his pile of pattern ratiocination logs,
identity/pseudonym affinity markers, and traffic analysis flow-charts.
Every time that Jonathan began to think he had a grip on the underlying
associations and relationships behind the CypherPunks, their protagonists,
antagonists, friends and foes, he would come across a post such
as this one, which indicated that they were indeed just a loosely
connected band of rounders as their historical reputation made
them out to be. Every time that a plot line began to develop in
their history, then a post such as this would pop up suggesting
that they were merely a bunch of loose cannons, rolling around
on the deck of a ship that was not destined for any specific port.
Yet, at the same time, they always seemed to be on the cutting
edge of various upcoming technologies, with their ideas, philosophies
and methodologies being forerunners of the future directions of
the social society and scientific community of their era.
No matter what model Jonathan worked with, he found that he could
not predict with any amount of certainty which course of thought
or action any of the players on the list would take in any given
situation. Known spooks and government officials were just as
likely to switch roles with the known misfits on this or that
issue-depending, as far as Jonathan could tell on the air quality
on a given day-as they were to stoutly defend an entrenched position.
Even during the famed 'moderation' experiment, C2Net, the apparent
villain of the 'list takeover,' as the action was viewed by some,
had an abundance of employees who had previously played important
roles in the CypherPunks maintaining independence from outside
pressures, and who would do so in the future, as well.
Hettinga, known to the eCa$h Cows as the 'Patron Saint of eCa$h,'
had played varying roles in the CypherPunks history. An unabashed
glad-hander and master of public relations, he had had many an
apparent alliance with big-money outfits who were allied against
much of what the CypherPunks stood for, but he somehow managed
to maintain his alliances with even some of the more radical anarchist
on the list, eventually being the main player responsible in turning
control of the InterNet over to the CypherPunks at the end of
Channel War I.
Side-Door Sammy got his nickname by plugging Key Escrow for the
U.S. government-allowing them a back door into encryption systems
by holding the secret keys-at a time when government regulators
were close to losing support for it. Later, it turned out that
he had put in a famed Side-Door in his products, which could be
used by the CypherPunks to block the government's access to their
secret key.
Everywhere he looked, Jonathan saw examples of various factions
of the CypherPunks acting in a manner which seemed ill-suited
to the traditional roles that history would place on them as a
result of their perceived positions and alliances.
Jonathan looked at his charts on the others mentioned in the email
that currently held his attention.
Chudov-one of the shit-disturbers during the censorship crisis,
but also one of the administrators of the resurrected distributed
Thorn-a "been there, done that, got the T-shirt" type
of individual who had still managed to remain naïve in many
ways, even in regard to his own deep-seated paranoia and resulting
conspiracy theories.
Back and Finney-both strong intellectuals with a good grasp of
both the technology and politics of encryption and privacy issues,
but both had replied in private email to Toto's "Make Big
$$$ Licking Your Own Nuts At Home" spams. Were they double
agents, setting him up for a fall, or were their private lives
a world apart from their public personas?
Even Jonathan's grandfather, one of the legendary founders of
the list, had, to all appearances, betrayed them toward the end
of Channel War II. Yet Jonathan clearly remembered the joy with
which his family was received in their journey through the CypherPunks
underground at the close of the war.
Jonathan took off his reading glasses and rubbed his eyes, once
again. He decided to knock off for a while, have a quiet drink,
and get some much needed rest.
It seemed that the more information he had at his beck and call,
the less he knew about the players in the CypherPunks arena, and
the bigger the mystery surrounding their actions and the motives
behind them.
He sighed, and reached for the Jim Beam, once again.
Chapter 19 - TruthMonger
