
@_date: 1993-07-25 19:13:46
@_author: Jane Doe 
@_subject: MacPGP question 
Sorry to intrude with something as un-political as a user question, but
perhaps someone could tell me how to remove additional user id's that have
been attached to a public key. I'm using MacPGP 2.3. The public key is my
own, btw.

@_date: 1993-07-26 12:02:13
@_author: Jane Doe 
@_subject: Re: thanks for the help on MacPGP 
I'd also like to add my thanks. The weird, unintuitive manner MacPGP uses
for deleting additional id's on a key worked. (Are you reading this, Crunch?)

@_date: 1993-08-04 08:54:34
@_author: Jane Doe 
@_subject: things that have been on my mind 
Reading Denning's latest remarks about the key generation process of
Clipper being classified, and reading the latest tired redundant flame war
with David Sternlight in Usenet, I have to wonder why so much energy is
being spent trying to discredit these people who are obviously
working towards Clipper and against pgp. Denning has her own agenda, Lord
knows where it all comes from, and she's apparently listened to in the
government. Sternlight, well, I can't get a handle on him, but it seems
like his motives are somewhat similar to Denning's except that he hides
his statements behind a veil of claiming to want what is "legal."
The thing is, why spend any energy on these two at all? CP's write code.
If CP's want to exert any political pressure at all, they should be
working with CPSR and EFF to mount a public information drive similar to
that which was put up against the FBI Wiretap-PBX deal. Making congressmen
uncomfortable with Clipper and facilitating the efforts of reporters like
those behind more the recent spate of news articles is where CP's can
excel. Just my thought for the day. Preserving privacy is a cause worth fighting
for, but keep your eyes on the prize. On the other hand, maybe there's
nothing here to get upset over; after all, this is the same government
that nominated Kimba Woods. ;-)

@_date: 1993-08-14 08:56:42
@_author: Jane Doe 
@_subject: User suggestion on MacPGP 
One of the best improvements implemented in MacPGP 2.3 was the ability for
the user to enable an option that let PGP keep the key passphrase in
memory so you don't have to re-type it each message. However, I have ran
up against two problems with its implementation. 1). if you mis-type the passphrase, the incorrect phrase goes into memory
and MacPGP takes it instead of putting back up a dialog box for you to
re-try. The result of any mis-typed passphrase is therfore a bad
passphrase error that you cannot recover from except by quitting and
re-starting MacPGP.
2). if you try to generate another key pair after typing (or mis-typing) a
passphrase, MacPGP takes the passphrase from memory and automatically
applies it to the new secret key. This is inconvenient especially if the
mis-typed phrase is so badly munged that the user cannot remember what
she typed ;-).
