
@_date: 1996-03-30 19:59:21
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: PGP Crack??? 
This just appeared in alt.security.pgp.  Is there anything to it?  I'm dubious.
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Lines: 10
Sender: daemon
NNTP-Posting-Host: utopia.hacktic.nl
X-To: mail2news
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
X-Mail2News-Complaints-To: postmaster
Xref: news.tiac.net alt.security.pgp:52460 talk.politics.crypto:15088
No longer is PGP uncrackable. A new software program has been released
that cracks PGP encrypted messages. Find out more at:
Our apologies to Phil Zimmerman!

@_date: 1996-04-14 13:46:39
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records 
The complete deposition may be found in RealAudio format at

@_date: 1996-04-11 11:09:55
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: CoS and anon remailers 
Here's more details.  For quite some time the Church of Scientology has been
pestered by an anonymous poster "Scamizdat" who regularly has been spilling
cult secrets onto the net.  These include directions on how to harrass
critics. Scamizdat (whoever he is or they are) appears to have been using
anonymous chained remailers.
Grady Ward, a critic of the cult, has been taunting the cult with "Have you
stopped Scamizdat yet?"  I believe that Grady is almost certainly NOT Scamizdat.
The church appears to have concluded that Grady is Scamizdat, has sued him,
applied for a writ of seizure to raid his house (denied), and asked for a
deposition (granted).
It appears that Scientology is interesting in getting into the records of
American anon remailers.  They are also interested in anon.penet.fi.  Once
before, they raided anon.penet.fi when some of their internal information
leaked out onto the net, and that poster has never been heard from again.
Someone asked if this wouldn't violate the ECPA.  In the past the cult has
seized whole computers, complete with email, and ignored court orders to
return them.
The whole story may be found on
Here is a file I got from Ron Newman's web page:
That is all he told me: that he could verify to authorities
that grady had not used his remailer.
He didn;t mention anyone else or how he was helping the CID
with their inquiries.  Yes, you can put this datum on the web.
Yes do please distribute my messages as you deem
necessary.  Some people ought to be aware of what is
coming down.
My feeling is that they will be doing anything they can
to attempt to produce "hard evidence" that I am part of
the Grand Conspiracy. I would say it is virtually certain
that U.S. anon remailers will be subpoenaed as well as any
foreign ones in which they can handle the authorities.
Grady Ward           |                   | +1 707 826 7715      |                   |
(voice/24hr FAX)     | 34877c8566839cb7  |
grady | aeab8ec5e5ee97fe  |

@_date: 1996-04-11 11:17:36
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Remailer threat: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records? 
The story is weirder than that.  The first poster of church secrets (with
lots of commentary) was Dennis Erlich, an ex-scientologist.  Dennis was
raided and sued, and is awaiting trial.  His ISP, Tom Klemesrud, refused
to cancel Dennis' account, and so was sued, and is awaiting trial.  A lady
met Klemesrud in a bar, identified herself as an IRS agent, and talked her
way into Klemesrud's apartment.  She proceeded to remove her clothes and
spread blood all over the apartment.  She there identified herself as a
representative of the Church of Scientology.
Klemesrud posted an account of this bizarre affair to alt.religion.scientology,
and an anonymous poster "-AB-", using anon.penet.fi, posted a differing version
of events.  The Church went ballistic over this post, and raided anon.penet.fi
to find the identity of -AB-.  This turned out to be an alumni account at
Cal Tech.  The poster has never been heard from again.
The raid on anon.penet.fi occurred in Feb. 1995.
"Scamizdat" has never used anon.penet.fi, and his (their?) identity is still

@_date: 1996-04-24 10:40:28
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: CO$ 
There's no particular mailing list, but there is a very active discussion
group at alt.religion.scientology.  There are numerous web pages, a good
place to start is It has pointers to many other pages.  Also, many of the critics (including
several who have been raided, sued, or threatened) show up on IRC channel
  Be careful of what you post in alt.religion.scientology, or
the cult could start emailing threats to you too.

@_date: 1996-04-27 07:16:53
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: PGP + Pegasus Mail 
I don't know the answer to this question, but there is a pgp-users
mailing list where someone might know.  Here's how to subscribe:
 with the word "subscribe" in the subject **NOT THE BODY** of
the e-mail and you will be automatically subscribed to the list. To
subscribe to the digest, sent your request to "pgp-users-d-
request and your subscription will be likewise processed.
Depending on list volume, digests will go out from once a day to several
times a day."

@_date: 1996-05-09 15:26:56
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: hacktic.nl is down!! 
I just heard on IRC channel  from Karen Spaink that hacktic.nl
will be down as of 5/20 because of pressure from Scientology.
I don't have any more details yet.

@_date: 1996-05-11 09:35:10
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: remailer@utopia.hacktic.nl down 
One famous comment of L. Ron Hubbard was that blacks were too stupid to move
the needle on the e-meter.
Another comment was that the problem with China is that there are too many
"chinks" in it.
All this, and much more, is documented in "A Piece of Blue Sky" by John
Atack (and in other places).

@_date: 1996-05-24 00:55:26
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: subpoenas coming against 2 anon remailers? 
This was posted by henri to alt.religion.scientology:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I have just received urgent email from Grady Ward regarding
the case against him by the cult of $cientology.  Apparently,
the depraved and insane cult of degenerates and reprobates
has decided that Grady Ward is responsible for the recent posting
of the NUTS scriptures, the final secret of the crime cult.
Many of these 'scriptures' are simply recipes for crime, including
how to practice medicine without a license and get away with it,
in defiance of Judge Gessell's order demanding that they cease that
fraud immediately.  Nevertheless, this demented nut-cult has demanded a third-party expedited subpoena to obtain the records
from the University of Maryland which they claim will prove their
preposterous allegations.  Two unnamed anonymous remailers will also be harassed in this bizarre fashion, though news on that is sketchy.
The deranged and idiotic cult cites as 'evidence' of their ludicrous
allegation that Grady filed a Motion to Dissolve the injunction
against him after the NUTS pack was posted, on the grounds that it
was then moot.  This is the sole 'proof' they have.  Bullshit and
So the nut-cult intends to rape remailers with no evidence at all.
- From the criminal cult's filing:
". . .strong inference that defendant (1)is or is acting in concert
with SCAMIZDAT; (2) has made postings of Plaintiff's Advanced Technology
works; (3) may have made or been acting in concert with those who
made the May 6 postings of the NOTs works for the express purpose of
undermining the injunction entered herein.  Defendant certainly let
no grass grow under his feet in attempting to take advantage to [sic] those
postings by asserting the invalidity of the injunction four days later.
"As the collusion become more and more apparent with the latest
blatant attempt to destroy RTC's trade secrets, the need for complete
and expedited discovery of defendant becomes even greater."
Not a scrap of evidence is offered that Grady Ward had anything
to do with SCAMIZDAT, is SCAMIZDAT, or even knows who SCAMIZDAT is.
Just brazen lies, bizarre accusations, and increasingly shrill
and hysterical court filings, now even including sloppy grammar,
as the cult lawyers are obviously working without sleep, and possibly
under the influence of mind-altering drugs.
In further proof of Grady Ward's guilt, the clam-cult offers the
fact that Grady Ward has exchanged email with Alex de Joode, who
operated the now-defunct remailer at utopia.hacktic.nl.  Obviously,
anyone who would associate with such a nefarious remailer operator
must also continually post NUTS packs.
In more absurd claims of the cult, they actually have the gall to
accuse him of "taking advantage" of not having a lawyer while facing
a worldwide criminal organization which has retained dozens of lawfirms
simultaneously in order to fight its frivolous lawsuits against everything in existence.
They are claiming that Grady Ward is somehow at an advantage over
them because he doesn't even have a lawyer.  They are also claiming,
this cult which filed hundreds of lawsuits against the IRS alone,
to dodge their taxes, that somehow the net "tricked" them into suing everything in sight.
They also claim that Grady Ward (and everyone on the net) obviously
keeps huge archives of mail and news, because "it is inherently unbelievable that defendant retypes several paragraphs of identical
wording in message after message."
In short, what the cult is claiming is that quotes ">" in USEnet
followups prove that you keep huge archives.  Apparently, these
invidious cretins have never heard of the "F" key on a keyboard.
One wonders how they manage to type a single word.  "uck you you
motherucking uckhead" just doesn't have the same "zip" without an "f" in there now and again, does it?
They also accuse him of keeping huge archives, despite the fact
that he doesn't keep any, because he had a list of cancelled messages
that were feloniously cancelled with forged control messages, despite the fact that Ron Newman's web page at
keeps a complete tally of all the forgeries.
The cult then tries to impugn all of Grady Ward's exhibits as
"unauthenticated and hearsay," because they're USEnet posts, while submitting as exhibits all of Grady Ward's posts, which by their own claims are ALSO "unauthenticated and hearsay."
In other words, they've blown their own case out of the water!
Well, their case is doomed, but it's still entirely possible
that this imbecilic cult of droolers could cause some damage to
remailers in their last dying thrashings.

@_date: 1996-08-09 06:13:40
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
This appeared on AP today:
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) - A computer consultant who put a
      state list of motor vehicle records on the Internet
      suspended access to the site today after he was
      bombarded by complaints the service invaded people's
      privacy.

@_date: 1996-08-27 08:40:12
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: sorry about the mail bounces 
It seems that my address may have caused lots of problems for
the list, mailing lists were getting lots of bounces of things
sent to me.  I haven't heard for sure, but I'm guessing this
is the reason the list was taken down yesterday.
ACM Network Services tells me they have fixed the problem now.
Sorry about that, but I had no idea the problem was happening.

@_date: 1996-08-31 05:35:09
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi closing down 
This was just posted:
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,alt.religion.scientology,alt.privacy.anon-server
Organization: Unaffiliated Fans of Nizkor, Lines: 87
Sender: llurch
Distribution: inet
NNTP-Posting-Host: networking.stanford.edu
Xref: szdc-e comp.org.eff.talk:16082 alt.religion.scientology:115080
Attributions deleted on request.
Johan Helsingius closes his Internet remailer
Johan Helsingius from Helsinki has decided to close his Internet remailer. The so-called anonymous remailer is the most popular remailer in the world, with over half a million users. "I will close down the remailer for the time being because the legal issues governing the whole Internet in Finland are yet undefined. The legal protection of the users needs to be clarified. At the moment the privacy of Internet messages is judicially unclear."
The idea of an anonymous remailer is to protect the confidentiality of its
users' identity. The remailer itself does not store messages but serves as a channel for message transmission. The remailer forwards messages without the identity of the original sender.
Finland is one of the leading countries in Internet usage. Therefore all decisions and changes made in Finland arouse wide international interest.
"I have developed and maintained the remailer in my free time for over three years now. It has taken up a lot of time and energy. Internet has changed a lot in these three years - now there are dozens of remailers in the world, which offer similar services."
"I have also personally been a target because of the remailer for three years. Unjustified accusations affect both my job and my private life"
says Johan Helsingius.
He surmises that the closing of the remailer will raise a lot of discussion among the Internet community. "These remailers have made it possible for people to discuss very sensitive matters, such as domestic violence, school bullying or human rights issues anonymously and confidentially on the Internet. To them the closing of the remailer is a serious problem",
says Helsingius.
Child porn claims proven false
Last Sunday´s issue of the English newspaper Observer claimed that the remailer has been used for transmitting child pornography pictures. The claims have been investigated by the Finnish police. Observer´s claims have been found groundless.
Police sergeant Kaj Malmberg from the Helsinki Police Crime Squad is specialized in investigating computer crimes. He confirms that already a year ago Johan Helsingius restricted the operations of his remailer so that it cannot transmit pictures.
"The true amount of child pornography in Internet is difficult to assess, but one thing is clear: We have not found any cases where child porn pictures were transmitted from Finland", Kaj Malmberg says.
Ground rules need to be clarified
There are several large network projects going on in Finland at the moment, such as the TIVEKE project run by the Ministry of Communications and the Information Society Forum project run by the Ministry of Finance. Johan Helsingius is participating the work of these projects. Projects assess the political and social issues of networks and the impact of these issues in the long run. These projects also need the support of daily, practical work to help short-term decision-making.
Johan Helsingius is now taking an initiative in the development of the daily network rules. He wants to set up a task force to discuss the practical problems related to ethical and civil rights issues in connection with the Internet.
"I will try to set up a task force which will include Internet experts together with representatives of civic organizations and authorities. The task force could take a stand on issues such as the network´s practical operation methods and the misuse of the network. I hope that the results of this task force will support the development of the network", he says. For further information, please contact
Johan Helsingius
Oy Penetic Ab
tel. +358 0400 2605
e-mail: julf

@_date: 1996-09-09 03:47:15
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Church of Scientology 
This is exactly the subject of a lawsuit by Tax Analysts, Inc. against the
IRS. This is still in progress.  The cult is not a party to this suit, so they
can't bring their lawyers into this one.

@_date: 1996-09-19 05:46:52
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: SSN database scam? 
At 01:22 PM 9/18/96 +0200, Gary Howland  forwarded:
I happen to work for Lexis-Nexis, but I don't speak for the company.  Yes,
P-Trak is real, it was recently made available to our customers.
It is NOT a scam to get SSNs.  Lexis-Nexis is a large and reputable company,
best-known for its huge legal database system, Lexis.  The Nexis side has
news reports from a large variety of sources.
P-Trak originally made SSNs available, but Lexis-Nexis removed this feature
in response to protests.

@_date: 1996-09-19 06:14:11
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: SSN database scam? 
One thing people forget is that Lexis-Nexis is hardly the first company to
offer this kind of service.  Several years ago, there was a controversy when
Lotus planned to offer this kind of information on CD-ROM.
The main competition of Lexis-Nexis, West Publishing Company ("Westlaw"),
offered this kind of service before Lexis did.  The last I heard, it was
possible to get SSNs via Westlaw.  I don't know if this is still true.
I checked with a friend of mine, and got this response: "Westlaw offers
access to several databases (including its PEOPLE-CB and INFOAM databases).
They provide a person's "Credit Bureau Header," which contains social
security number, previous address(s), telephone number(s), spouse name, date
of birth, related names/aliases, and the date the report was filed."
I happen to work for Lexis-Nexis, but I don't speak for the company.  I work
in a very different part of the company, and don't know the people involved
with P-Trak.

@_date: 1996-09-19 10:23:04
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: official statement from Lexis-Nexis about P-Trak 
This statement was issued today:
STATEMENT FROM LEXIS-NEXIS   9/18/96
Incorrect information is being distributed on Internet newsgroups regarding
the data displayed in LEXIS-NEXIS' P-TRAK file.  P-TRAK is like an
electronic "white pages."  The only information displayed is the name of the
individual, current address and up to two previous addresses and telephone
number.  In some cases, the individual's maiden name may appear and as well
as the month and year of birth.  That is the ONLY information displayed in
the P-TRAK file.
Contrary to some messages that have been posted to some Internet discussion
and news groups, the P-TRAK file DOES NOT contain any credit histories, bank
account information, personal financial data, mother's maiden name or
medical histories.  This misinformation has been posted over and over again
to various news groups.
An example of a record appears below:
Name:  DOE, JOHN E
Current Address:  1066 Anywhere Drive, Dayton, OH  95454
Previous Address:  106 Somewhere Drive, Dayton, OH  92454
Birthdate:  9/1965
Telephone Number:  555-1212
On File Since:  6/1/1994
The information displayed in the P-TRAK file is the type of information
readily available from public information sources such as telephone
directories (in print and CD-ROM format) and public records maintained by
government agencies.
LEXIS-NEXIS markets the P-TRAK file to the legal community for use by
general legal practitioners, litigators and public attorneys, as well as law
enforcement agencies and police departments.  These professionals use the
P-TRAK file to assist in locating litigants, witnesses, shareholders,
debtors, heirs and beneficiaries.
LEXIS-NEXIS is aware of the sensitivities regarding the potential misuse of
information.  Business competitors of LEXIS-NEXIS have for some time made
Social Security numbers available to users of their services.  In addition,
Social Security Numbers and other information are available on the Internet
from a number of sources.  Despite this wide availability of Social Security
numbers in the market place, LEXIS-NEXIS discontinued the display of Social
Security numbers in the P-TRAK file as of June 11, 1996, eleven days after
the product was introduced.
Through its actions, LEXIS-NEXIS is balancing the privacy concerns of the
public with the legitimate needs of legal, business and government
professionals for access to accurate sources of publicly available
information.  By discontinuing the display of Social Security numbers in
P-TRAK and only providing information that is already available to the
public from other sources, LEXIS-NEXIS believes it has responsibly met the
expressed concerns of the public.
Individuals interested in having their names removed from the P-TRAK file
can e-mail their full name and complete address to:
p-trak or mail this information to ATTN: P-TRAK, P. O.
Box 933, Dayton, OH 45401.

@_date: 1996-10-01 06:28:35
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: RE: Looking for Qualified Individual/Firm to Contract for    Cryptanalysis 
[news about Grady Ward, and the Scientology cult's attempt to decrypt his files]
Not necessarily.  The answering machine at the phone number listed mentions
"RPK" as the company, and this company has non-Grady reasons for looking for
these skills.
"The RPK public key cryptosystem provides industrial-strength public key
cryptography that's available worldwide. "
"You'll find full technical information, free evaluation software and
development tools, and details of our SafeCracker Challenge program where you
can earn a $$$ REWARD $$$ while trying to put us out of business! "
They could just be looking for people to test their own stuff.

@_date: 1996-10-21 12:04:24
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Prof Shamir arrested 
At 02:56 PM 10/21/96 +0100, Tom Womack The S in RSA is Adi Shamir.  Do you know if this is the same person? Do you
have any more details?

@_date: 1996-12-10 07:49:43
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: Patriots should use PGP 
Why on earth would an American football team need PGP?

@_date: 1997-01-03 10:58:51
@_author: Jim Byrd 
@_subject: Re: OCR and Machine Readable Text 
I used to work for an OCR company (Kurzweil, a division of Xerox; now Xerox
Advanced Imaging).  The OCR software they had did better than 95% over 10
years ago.
And yes, you could run on a 286.  The trick was to use a board plugged into
the 286 which itself had enough horsepower (a Motorola cpu) to do the job.
I actually started a project to develop a Windows (version 1.3!) driver for
this, but at the time Xerox had no interest in Windows.  So the project was
cancelled and the Windows people essentially dismissed.  Xerox now has a
Windows product called TextBridge.
