
@_date: 1996-05-11 18:43:25
@_author: "Craig A. Johnson" 
@_subject: cr> ACLU v. RENO: Trial Update 5/10/96 
This just in from the ACLU!  I was in Philly today folks, and I can tell you, the update below is an understatement; it was a rout!  The ACLU and the ALA, with ample help from the judges and Government counsel, literally pulled the legs off the Government case!
I'll be posting my own version on this by Monday. Suddenly, there is a new light in cyberspace!  ACLU V. RENO: TRIAL UPDATE
AT CLOSING ARGUMENTS, ACLU CALLS ON COURT
TO PROTECT FREE SPEECH IN CYBERSPACE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
                                                Contact: Emily
                                                Whitfield
Friday, May 10, 1996
212-944 -9800, x426
PHILADELPHIA-- A three-judge panel heard closing arguments today
regarding a  law that would criminalize free speech in cyberspace. Plaintiffs and defendants each had approximately two hours to make
their case and answer questions from the judges.  Much of the government's argument today hinged on a proposal
requiring Internet users to identify so-called indecent or patently
offensive words or images with an electronic"tag."   But by the end
of the day, government lawyers conceded -- under pointed questioning
from the judges -- that it would be impossible to implement this
scheme given the technology currently available.
That concession alone, the ACLU said, could justify granting
plaintiff's motion for a preliminary injunction against the
censorship provisions of the Communications Decency Act, which
criminalizes making available to minors "indecent" or "patently
offensive" speech online.  "It's about time that the government conceded what the cyberspace
community has known all along -- that this is an unworkable law,"
said Christopher Hansen, who presented oral arguments for the ACLU. "And even if it were feasible, it is constitutionally unthinkable to
give the government the power to restrict valuable speech, or to
compel people to pejoratively label their speech." Government lawyers also acknowledged today that the law criminalizes
speech of value -- e.g.,  artistic, literary or medical information
