
@_date: 1993-05-25 09:22:06
@_author: Dr. Cat 
@_subject: PGP voice encryption 
Actually, if somebody wants to start developing PC based voice encryption,
there's a pretty significant installed base of machines that can handle it
already.  By the end of 1992, there were about 3 million machines with sound
cards, by the end of 93 it's projected to reach 6 million.  Anyone that has a
Soundblaster or Soundblaster compatible has both a DAC output and a
microphone input.  On a machine with a 9600 or 14,400 kilobaud modem,
sufficient real-time compression of voice to fit within the modem bandwidth
is a quite reasonable objective.  I know of at least three people in the
computer game industry that have been working on it, and at least one of them
already has functional code.  I'm sure there's a pretty fair number of
Macintoshes out there that have all the hardware to support real-time
encrypted voice communications also, though I don't follow the numbers in the
Mac market these days...
                               Dr. Cat / no .sig, why bore people?

@_date: 1993-05-25 09:22:13
@_author: Dr. Cat 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash issues... 
Regarding the issue of what to do under Chaum's scheme when someone double-
spends a piece of digital cash & their identity is revealed...  While this
might be a problem for a cypherpunk style "kick society in the pants and get
this going early" implementation of digital banking, I don't think it's going
to be a serious hindrance in the long term.  While I'm sure all big retail
chains and the like will have terminals that can instantly verify a piece of
cash, if there are niches for an offline system, there's a very significant
economic infrastructure set up for collecting on bad debts.  Any credit card
company, phone company, or other corporation that does a lot of billing
already has staff dedicated solely to that function, with collection agencies
providing a second tier of functionality for the tougher cases.
           Dr. Cat / Dragon's Eye / New traditions for the next century

@_date: 1993-06-03 09:00:56
@_author: Dr. Cat 
@_subject: Re: Term software development/design 
Stanton has a good idea, I think, about getting the developers of packages
like Qmodem to set up some kind of hooks for encryption.  Is anyone else from
the list going to the BBSCON in Colorado this August?  If not, I'll try to
ask about the possibility of supporting encryption in Qmodem, Telix, Procomm,
PC Board, TBBS, Major BBS, and Wildcat.  (And of course, offer a helpful
suggestion or two if they show any interest.)  It would be better if someone
better schooled in encryption than myself were going to be there, though.
                              Dr. Cat / Dragon's Eye Productions
