
@_date: 1994-05-03 11:45:19
@_author: so there is no electronic trail 
@_subject: digital cash 
This is my first post here, please be gentle! I'm no crypto specialist, so the public key part I refer to may be totally out of line, I hope not. I've been reading this list for a month or so and I'm drawing my conclusions about the key from that. Let's break anonymous digital cash down into two problems. 1. Anonymous place to store funds. 2. Ability to get funds out of  anonymous account to either any other    account or any individual/company.
1. You will need  a place that not only you trust, but that the people you are dealing with will trust. This place must be accessible physically as well as electronically. Physically so I can walk in and deposit money anonymously
(so there is no electronic trail), and also so that I can give money to people who have no computer. I want to be able to give something to someone and they will be able to take that to this place and get money for it. I won't get into why it has to be accessible electronically. I'll call this place a bank. The only way to get money out of the account would be with a PGP like signature. I set the private key when I open the account. The public keys would be designed to incorporate the amount of the e-check I'm writing. When you go to the  bank to cash in your key, the key is recorded so it can't be used again, and the bank gives the money to the key holder. The keys would have to have something built into them to make them unique so that you could write a key for the same amount more than once. 2. So now I've got this anonymous source of funds, I want to buy something. If I'm buying it over the net, I could send an order for something via an anonymous account to the provider using PGP. It's important to protect the money key, because whoever has the key, can get the money. Now the service provider sends me my stuff via a reply to the anonymous e-mail. I get my stuff, they get their money and there is no way to determine who is who. The service provider can be known or unknown, doesn't matter. All that matters is that they get my order and my money key.  Obviously, this only works if you are dealing in person or electronically. I can't send you a request for a box of rocks and not tell you where to send them. But I could use my pocket electronic check book to write a key for the amount of a purchase at a store. The cash register could read that key and confirm it's validity and amount and actually complete the transfer of funds immediately. I think banks would go for this because they get the float on our money, they don't have to pay interest, and they don't have to send monthly statements.
They are already in the business of moving money, so I don't believe there would
be any additional expenses to set this up other than the key readers.
Safe, as convenient as a check, and anonymous. Have I missed anything?
 Jim Callen			        Voice:    (617) 275-3427     Collaborative Biomedical Products	FAX:      (617) 275-3436     Becton Dickinson		        Internet: jim       Two Oak Park
 Bedford, MA 01730

@_date: 1994-05-05 05:17:43
@_author: This feature is turned off by default on AT&T pbx 
@_subject: Re:  Anonymous phone calls. 
<         G.C.G.
The best way to make a truly anonymous call is to hack a pbx. Most of
them have a feature(This feature is turned off by default on AT&T pbx)
that allows you to call into the pbx from any phone and get a second dial tone. Sometimes there is a code(4-8 digits on AT&T) you must enter
to get the second dial tone. Also, you might have to dial the trunk access
code (usually 8 or 9) to get an outside dial tone. The first dialtone
lets you enter an extension # in the pbx. The reason that this is the best way is because if you are using a 900 service to make the anon call, you get billed at the number you are calling from, so if there
were a trap on the line you were calling, they'd have the 900 service
provider's number, the 900 service provider would have your number,
and you'd no longer be anonymous. With the pbx hack, the likely hood
of a trap being on this line is next to nothing. If there were a trap on the number you were making the anon call to, they would only
get the number of the trunk that your call left the pbx on, not the
number you were calling from.
