
@_date: 1994-01-16 12:48:47
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: GUNZIP 
I need help. I've downloaded gunzip from the net but it doesn't work. My
operating system is IBM mainframe vm/cms. error is "error in DMSRLD routine;
return code 508. Maybe I got a wrong system gunzip?

@_date: 1994-02-15 22:02:09
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: money maker 
I have an idea of how ambitious cypherpunks could make money. They
could be communications intermediaries between financial clients in
the U.S. & financial institutions in locations such as the Bahamas
& Switzerland.
   This would require a cypherpunk in the U.S. & another cypherpunk
in the foreign country. From now on in text cypherpunk = CP.
The U.S. CP would get message from client & then use the internet
with anonymous remailers & strong encryption to send message to
CP in foreign country. CP in foreign country then decrypts message
& gives it to local financial institution. Financial institution
gives message to foreign CP who then encrypts & uses anonymous
remailers to send info. back to U.S. CP.    U.S. CP decrypts & gives
info to client.  In this way, encryption naive client could have
access to great financial privacy & CPs get money. At this point,
I think everybody gets the basic idea.
   CPs would have initial problem getting clients. To do this they would
need to hook up with a financially sophisticated partner. That shouldn't
be too hard. College friends in finance, local CPA's you've dealt with,th,
lawyers, etc..  CPs would probably be the rare & precious birds. Once
the CP has his financial contact, that financial contact can develop
the clients.
   In the foreign country, the CP shouldn't have much of a problem
getting a financial partner/advisor & could probably operate with
neon lights. In the land of the free (the U.S.), I would advise
   This business should not take a lot of capital. CPs would bring the
rare communications technical expertise & the financial expertise
should be plentiful. There is a possibility of harassment, so the
CP's should have courage.
   By the way, there was someone on CYPERPUNKS that was offering a
percentage of the profits for great financial ideas. I would
like to volunteer this idea. It might not meet all the specifications,
but then someone might like to change specifications & accept this idea.
   This idea may be half baked. In which case, I leave it to my fellow
cypherpunk geniuses associates to fully bake it.
                             Good luck - Gary Jeffers
                             GO TEAM GO! - GO TEAM GO!
                             PUSH EM BACK! - PUSH EM BACK! WAAYY BACK!
                             BEAT STATE! - BEAT STATE!

@_date: 1994-02-17 13:05:27
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: STEALTH OCEANS 
note: This letter is composed of 2 different ideas: FIRST GREAT IDEA
& SECOND GREAT IDEA.
   Firstly, congratulations to the cypherpunks that are realizing that
strong civilian crypt needs "stealth". For some time I have thought
that a crypt file with a crypt header on it was like saying "yes, I
am in contempt for refusing to give a password" or "yes, I do require
surveillance". A crypt file should look like random bits.
   The only problem is that files of random bits are not usual & might
look a little suspicious. The cypherpunk needs to be able to deny
having crypt files even if he is found with random bite files.
   So how do we do that? Then an idea came into my head! Why not make
random bit files rather popular? Then, we would be like stealth fish
swimming in stealth oceans. So, how do we make these files popular?
   Some may find the following ideas foolish. Others may find them
unethical. Still others may find them both foolish & unethical.
  1. Write a "wipe" program & put it in the public domain. The wipe
program uses md-5 to generate random numbers over the user file & then
delete the file. A very nice wipe program. However a bug is put into
the program: a random number generator is used to decide that in a
small number of cases, the new random number file is not deleted!
This would leave around a lot of random number files if the program
were to become popular.
  2. Modify existing programs to generate random number files on
occasion. Programs to be found on boards; loose diskettes; etc..
  3. Viruses that generate small numbers of random number files per
disk partition or diskette.
  4. send random files anonymously over the internet.
  5. think up some of your own.
note: in all the above, the file lengths should vary randomly & should
be well tuned to avoid extremes.
SECOND GREAT IDEA  (self extracting encrypt/decrypt programs)
 (when an encryption program is itself an embarrassment.)
   A self extracting encrypt/decrypt program. That is,like, change
PGP so that it looks like a random number file. But with a few cycles
would start to unravel itself. Suggestion: 2 "random Number" files
that when XOR'ed yields PGP. Probably nothing quite this bare bones
& simple. Although something this simple could save your ass if your
interrogators were technically unsophisticated, lazy, short of time
or short of investigation funds. To do this very nicely would mean
some tricky programming & would make the reputation of the programmer/
cypherpunk who did it.
IMPORTANT NOTE: I am not a lawyer & do not know the law. In no case do
I advocate breaking any law. I see that great idea first may be of
questionable legal value. The cypherpunk is urged to consult with
local, state, & federal authorities before pursuing these suggestions.
Admittedly, that idea could also just be dumb & improper. Think about it.
 I heap big blessings on the heads of my fellow cypherpunks.
                                                Yours truly,
                                                Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-02-17 17:55:29
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: STEALTH OCEAN 
answer to subtopic: Perry doesn't like stealth.
STEALTH is for when it absolutely, positively has to stay encrypted.
That is when it needs to be immune from court orders or in a really,
bad state - automatic imprisonment, or in this state if encryption
is outlawed. I should say when it also must not have a flag that says
"this is encrypted". It is not for the mere outlawing per sey that
stealth is good for.
   I understand you're stand up & flaunt it attitude, but I would like t
remind you that in the 3 cases that I know when federal laws were
gotten rid of because the masses broke them often, some caution was
used by the public. The 3 laws I refer to were 1. fcc regulation against
unlicesened CB's; 2. prohibition anti alcohol law; & 3. federal 55 mph
speed law. In these cases the public made a game out of breaking the
law. I am less clear on the caution used for the CB regulation.
   In these 3 cases, the feds wisely decided that all the laws were
doing was to train the masses to thumb their noses at the feds, & so
got rid of the laws.
   We probably need both flagged & stealth encryption. If the feds
outlaw encryption, we'll have untouchable stealth encryption ready.
Also, STEALTH would be reserved for "serious" encryption.
   It seems to me that the ideal STEALTH will be stenography with
SELF-DECRYPTING ENCRYPTION SOFTWARE. The steg-pictures would hide
strong cryptography (like PGP). After you're done with the software
it will mutate itself to harmless appearances. Maybe something like
the Cheshire Cat.
                                       thank you,
                                       Gary Jeffers
                                       GO TEAM GO! GO TEAM GO!
                                       PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                       WAAAYYY BBAACKKK!
                                       BEAAAATTTT STATE!

@_date: 1994-02-18 08:06:06
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Mimicry 
I find hiding info. in falsely deleted files to be futile because of
the following reasons.
1. too easy to write over them. 2. procedures to keep track of everything
too complicated. 3. direct sector writing is a non-trivial programming
problem, rather risky, & complicated with today's compressed disks.
   I have thought of a related alternative however:
The use of one of the virus maker's tools - the false "BAD SECTOR"
trick where good data is written into these "bad sectors". You would
only want to mark a few sectors as bad & then put in only high
quality information. Some kind of a "bootstrapping"  operation
such as a simple XOR program that turns a "garbage file" into a PGP
file. The PGP could in turn be use to decrypt a stenography
system for a real high security encrypt system. Remember that a
user supplied password must also be used.
   Incidentally, if we are forced to rely on stenography systems
exclusively, we may have lost a battle or 2, but we will win innumerable
other battles & later - the war.
                                           Yours Turly,
                                           Gary Jeffers
                                           GO TEAM GO! GO TEAM GO!
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WAAAAYYYY  BBAAACCCKKK!
                                           BEEEAAATTT STATE!

@_date: 1994-02-24 17:28:16
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: WE WANT SELF DECRYPTING STENOGRAPHY NOW! 
What is SELF-DECRYPTING STENOGRAPHY? Something like a self-extracting
PKZIP file. Its definition would be: picture + password = plaintext.
   Its utility? Imagine a bunch of state agents searching your pc
& they find a subdirectory of pretty pictures. The stenography has no
telltale flag or tag. No embarrassing arguments with a judge about
passwords or contempt or court. No hassles with customs agents. No
interceptions of internet code pointing you out as a dangerous
dissident or freeman. Just a bunch of pretty pictures!
   Admittedly, programming it could be a bitch. But then, succeeding
with it would put your reputation up there with Zimmerman & the RSA
discoverers. It would also give us all a wonderfully safe method of
encryption. The encryption engine itself could be of our own choosing.
I would recommend IDEA.
   Your programming job would consist of 2 problems. 1. The method
of taking out your already encrypted data from a picture.
2. the bootstrapping method of having the picture with password unravel
itself.  One might be a little difficult but I would guess it would just
be some assembler drudge work, taking a month or two if you are
experienced. Two might be very tricky & you might be forced to resort to
a small hidden or remembered xor type assembly program.
   Only the decryptor would be tricky. The encryptor would be much
simpler since it would all be hidden in a pretty picture!
   When strong cryptography is outlawed, only outlaws with
SELF-DECRYPTING STENOGRAPHY will converse with impunity.
                                      GO TEAM GO! GO TEAM GO!
                                      PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                      WWWAAAAAYYYYYY  BBAACCKKK!
                                      BBBEEEAAATTTT STATE!

@_date: 1994-02-27 12:56:21
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Capone's Cojones in loan Zones? 
(Bundesnachrichtendienst, if I rememer the spelling correctly) to move
Good point & good attitude Tim. While having a few big cities nuked is a
truly horrible thing, its evil is completely dwarfed by the possibility
of a world of billions of people crushed down by a long lived state
using uncountable lies & computer monitoring to maintain control. That
state evil would not have the flashiness & fear of a nuke. Its evil
would be boring. Its horror would be in the hopelessness & lack of
freedom of the people & in their lives being made up of lies. In the
face of that threat, the idea of some ""terrorists"" or ""criminal""
gangs throwing around a few nukes on a wild Saturday night merely gives
one cause for hope. Maybe a nuke would land on an oppressor & free us.
   Incidentally, what is this fear of ""criminals"" & ""terrorists"".
I have never had a ""criminal"" extortionist take 40% of my income
over a long period of time. I have never had a ""terrorist"" draft me
into a war with people I don't know in a foreign country. Also, I don't
know of any ""terrorists"" who occasionally murder millions of people.
   I think we have a problem with words. A ""terrorist"" is a soldier
without a uniform. A soldier who ""failed to dress for success"". A
""criminal"" is a thug without proper papers & badges. WACO & the
Weaver family were lessons for those who could set aside their
prejudices for awhile. I am quite happy to share the internet with
""terrorists"" & ""criminals"" - if it gives me & my friends a chance
for happiness & freedom! Anarchy is simply the absence of a monopoly
on weapons & force. If anarchy gives me a chance for freedom & happiness
I'll take my chances. Death before dishonor? How about an even better
deal - a risk of death before a life of no honor & no hope! This is the
offer of liberty. So, mr or ms State, please don't bother me. I'll take my
chances with a few stray ""criminals"" & ""terrorists"".
Timothy C. May         | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay       | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
408-688-5409           | knowledge, reputations, information markets,
W.A.S.T.E.: Aptos, CA  | black markets, collapse of governments.
Higher Power: 2^859433 | Public Key: PGP and MailSafe available.
"National borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1994-02-27 15:23:22
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Capone's Cajones 
2nd edition. In 1st edition I edited badly & confused authors' texts.
This edition will be clearer.
Sorry Tim.
Good point & good attitude Tim! While having a few big cities nuked is a
truly horrible thing, its evil is completely dwarfed by the possibility
of a world of billions of people crushed down by a long lived state
using uncountable lies & computer monitoring to maintain control. That
state evil would not have the flashiness & fear of a nuke. Its evil
would be boring. Its horror would be in the hopelessness & lack of
freedom of the people & in their lives being made up of lies. In the
face of that threat, the idea of some ""terrorists"" or ""criminal""
gangs throwing around a few nukes on a wild Saturday night merely gives
one cause for hope. Maybe a nuke would land on an oppressor & free us.
   Incidentally, what is this fear of ""criminals"" & ""terrorists"".
I have never had a ""criminal"" extortionist take 40% of my income
over a long period of time. I have never had a ""terrorist"" draft me
into a war with people I don't know in a foreign country. Also, I don't
know of any ""terrorists"" who occasionally murder millions of people.
   I think we have a problem with words. A ""terrorist"" is a soldier
without a uniform. A soldier who ""failed to dress for success""*. A
""criminal"" is a thug without proper papers & badges. WACO & the
Weaver family were lessons for those who can set aside their
prejudices for awhile. I am quite happy to share the internet with
""terrorists"" & ""criminals"" - if it gives me & my friends a chance
for happiness & freedom! Anarchy is simply the absence of a monopoly
on weapons & force. If anarchy gives me this chance then I'll take my
chances with anarchy. Death before dishonor? How about an even better
deal - a risk of death before a life of no honor & no hope! This is the
offer of liberty. So, MR or MS State, please don't bother me. I'll take my
chances with a few stray ""criminals"" & ""terrorists"".
                                           Thank You,
                                           Gary Jeffers
* p.s. Bob Black originally said ""terrorists are soldiers who fail to
dress for success.""
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAAYYYYY BBBAAACCCCCKK!
                                           BBEEEAAATTT STATE!

@_date: 1994-03-02 20:57:24
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Standard for Stenography? 
Firstly, congratulations for Sergey Goldgaber's stubborn pushing of
this topic, for Bill Stewart's observation: "simple stego-programs,
stealthy encryption programs", & for Norman Hardy's notice of the
possibility of non-randomness in the low order bits of pixels.
Here are my proposed standards & suggestions for stenography.
1. The stenography module is just a simple program for inserting data
into a picture. The data is not plaintext! Ideally, stealth pgp is
the encryption method. There should be no clever variable positional
stenography. No security through obscurity. No "TOWERS of BABBLE".
It must be standardized for easy conversation.
I agree with Bill Stewart on this: simple stego programs, stealthy
encryption programs.
2. The 1st position of the stenography is defined as the 1st pixel
transmitted or received. The 1st several pixels should make up the
header. The header should be of a fixed size with fixed sized &
positioned fields. The header follows:
1____6 7_________17 18>>>>>>>
checksum; "STENOGRAPHY"; the encrypted text
   The numbers refer to pixels. One bit of encrypted data per pixel.
The 1st field is a checksum particular to that RSA key. The 2nd field
consists of the word "STENOGRAPHY" in caps. The remainder is devoted
to the encrypted msg. itself.
   The checksum is a standardized checksum method that has the same
checksum as the RSA key. You need this in case you have given out
several public keys. The checksum may also be an integral multiple
of the RSA key. The reason for the checksum is in case the recipient
has multiple keys, this will help him select the correct one without
using huge numbers of cycles. Only 6 bits are used since that would be
all that would be necessary & to eliminate the possibility of a huge
number that would be large enough to constitute a legal proof. Also, by
using a small number, investigators are not given much of a clue. By
allowing integral multiples, you allow a fairly large number of keys
but also stop small numbers from popping up a lot - no statistical
   The reason for the "STENOGRAPHY" field is to assist your computer in
determining if this is a stenography file & that the correct key was
chosen without attempting to decrypt the whole file. I know that this
presents the possibility of a small "known plaintext attack", but a good
encryption system should stand up to such an attack. RSA can ...
can't it?
3. No "lossy" picture methods! Two methods immediately suggest them
-selves: JPEG & GIF. JPEG is ordinarily a lossy method but I am told
that it has a no loss option. GIF is not a lossy method. I hear that
JPEG has the ability to carry more bits per pixel than GIF so I would
suppose JPEG. Also, while earlier I suggested 1 bit of encrypt per pixel
it may be cool to use more.
4. Norman Hardy has suggested something that I have wondered about: are
low order bits of pixels really randomly distributed? You graphic/
statistic ace's out there need to check this out & inform us. Possibly,
some methods do & some don't? Inquiring cypherpunks need to know!
I don't know too much about graphics, so I could use a lot of help.
5. What are the best pictures to use? I would suggest soft focus pin-
up girls, mountain ranges, clouds, fields of grain, dense vegetation.
Would soft focus help in all these types? note: I think kiddie-porn
would be a bad idea.
   The above suggestions support the stealth method- strong encryption-
simple stenography- public key- standardized model.
   If I have missed anything or you have a better idea, please let us
                                               Yours Truly,
                                               Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-03-04 09:21:05
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Standards for Stenography/Steganography? 
Tim May says that the criticism I received was mild. It was not
that mild. I am particularly incensed by Poskanzer's suggestion that
I fetch the old information when, it turns out, that info was not
available. That was bullshit! Anyway, hopefully, Poskanzer's technical
skills are great & he will pull a giant rabbit out of the hat.
   In our defense, I would guess that Sergey had the same idea that I
had:   "Steganography! a hide in plain sight, travel casually in day-
light, leave no footprints, safe long term storage, last-ditch,
safe crypt. & , apparently, no one's working on IBM micro
implementations! What an opportunity to make a contribution! If we
don't write the code I'll bet we can provoke a really good programmer
with crypt knowledge to do it."    It would be difficult for us to know
that this area was already discussed, tactics pretty much resolved, &
had big old guns working on it without them telling us. Thank God the
big old guns were there to disabuse us of our pipe dreams & illusions!
   I'm pretty irreverent, but I do have a lot of respect for the really
smart guys who are sacrificing huge chunks of time in writing code
& theory to free us as well as themselves. It takes me many hours per
week to deal with cypherpunks mailing list. So, I can understand how
the big old guns can get bothered by newbies farming old ground &
taking up lots of bandwidth while mudding the water.
   With that said, & having a lot less to say that I thought I had, I
shall go back to a higher LURK/BANDWIDTH ratio & stop annoying people.
As Johnathan Winter's mother used to say: "If you can't be bright,
be polite." also quiet?
                                                    Yours Truly,
                                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-03-04 11:09:47
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Standards for Stenography? 
Tim May says that the criticism I received was mild. It was not
that mild. I am particularly incensed by Poskanzer's suggestion that
I fetch the old information when, it turns out, that info was not
available. That was bullshit! Anyway, hopefully, Poskanzer's technical
skills are great & he will pull a giant rabbit out of the hat.
   In our defense, I would guess that Sergey had the same idea that I
had:   "Steganography! a hide in plain sight, travel casually in day-
light, leave no footprints, safe long term storage, last-ditch,
safe crypt. & , apparently, no one's working on IBM micro
implementations! What an opportunity to make a contribution! If we
don't write the code I'll bet we can provoke a really good programmer
with crypt knowledge to do it."    It would be difficult for us to know
that this area was already discussed, tactics pretty much resolved, &
had big old guns working on it without them telling us. Thank God the
big old guns were there to disabuse us of our pipe dreams & illusions!
   I'm pretty irreverent, but I do have a lot of respect for the really
smart guys who are sacrificing huge chunks of time in writing code
& theory to free us as well as themselves. It takes me many hours per
week to deal with cypherpunks mailing list. So, I can understand how
the big old guns can get bothered by newbies farming old ground &
taking up lots of bandwidth while mudding the water.
   With that said, & having a lot less to say that I thought I had, I
shall go back to a higher LURK/BANDWIDTH ratio & stop annoying people.
As Johnathan Winter's mother used to say: "If you can't be bright,
be polite." also quiet?
                                                    Yours Truly,
                                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-01 18:48:53
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Encryption banned in the Netherlands. 
conservative  liberal  fascist  left-wing  right-wing  statist
minarchist  anarchist
SOME DEFINITIONS
   In the U.S. it is almost impossible to talk sensibly about politics
since no one knows the definitions of political orientations. For
instance: what is a conservative? Someone who resists change; someone
who wants the old order. Conservative is a relative term & does not
make sense without reference to time & place. In the U.S. a conservative
would be vaguely a right wing statist. In Russia a conservative would
be a Stalinist. Also take liberal: In the old days in the U.S., liberal
meant libertarian. In Europe now, liberal means roughly libertarian.
In modern U.S., liberal means left wing statist.
   So what is left & right? The dictionary is useless for this question.
But, I think I have figured it out. Left & right is based on EQUALITY
OF OUTCOME AMONG PEOPLE BY RULES. A left winger insists on rules that
will insure equality of outcome & resists rules that might yield
inequality. A right winger opposes rules that coerce equality of
outcome & may favor rules that coerce inequality of outcome.
   In the modern U.S., the political majority is made up of
right wing statists (fascists/conservatives/republicans) & left wing
statists (socialists/liberals/democrates).
   There does not seem to be any name for left wing
minarchists /or anarchists or right wing minarchists /or anarchists.
This list seems to have a lot of left & right wing
minarchists & anarchists. I am a right wing anarchist.
   Strange that right wing & left wing are not bluntly defined. A taboo
maybe or doesn't the ruling class want the political discussions to
make any sense? Maybe if it were made explicit, then the left & right
would think they could be left & right & yet, not support the state.
                                     PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                     WWAAAYYYY  BBAAACCCKKKK!
                                     BEAT STATE!!!!
                                     yours truly,
                                     Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-06 13:59:27
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Canadian Revolt 
A great article has has appeared in the Columbia Tribune, April 04,
94 from Associated Press.
"CANADIANS GROW MORE REBELLIOUS WHILE SEEKING MORAL BEARINGS"
  Some quotes: "A booming underground economy has sprung up, largely in
reaction to a hated federal goods and services tax of 7 percent on
virtually everything, even postage stamps, added to provincial sales
taxes of up to 12 percent."
   "It is common for home-repair contractors, auto mechanics, landscap-
ers & other small entrepreneurs to give 2 estimates: cash, with no paper
work, & a much higher estimate that includes taxes & a receipt."
   "Cigarette taxes as high as 400% caused a revolt among Quebec
merchants, who began selling cheap contraband smokes openly in defi-
ance of the law. The revolt spread, & ultimately, the federal govern-
ment & several provinces drastically reduced tobacco taxes."
    "A judge in Ontario ordered a ban on publication of evidence in a
sensational sex-murder case until a 2nd person charged had been tried.
It didn't take long for details to spread across Canada through computer
   "Things are so bad in New Brunswick that the provincial government
urges citizens to inform on people they suspect of evading taxes, using
a crime-stoppers telephone number New Brunswickers call "The Rat Line.""
   "Is government losing control over the people?" "How does a gov'ment
enforce a publication ban in an electronic age?" "What does a heavily
indebted government do when it can push taxes no higher?" "In some
cases, its government at the limit of its control, or the limit of how
much control people will tolerate."
   Hey! is this happy news or what? I'm surprised that AP carried this.
I'm surprised that no other C'punks mentioned this. Didn't anyone else's
paper carry this?
   This is shameful! Our docile homebody neighbors to the north are out-
doing us in revolting! All that Americans can do is get into race,
gender, & ethnic hostilities contrived by our Federal govt. & its bedmate
big-news-media. Of course this is why the Feds have contrived & fed
these hostilities. Otherwise, we'd notice that all the Federal govt.
does is take approx. 25-30% of our money, encourage internal hostilities
& monopolies, & in this century, drag us into wars all over the world.
Strategic Investing has predicted that in the next few years the Federal
gov. will lose a lot of its power. Not many were predicting the demise
of the Soviet Union a few years before it did so. Lets hope the Feds
won't have completely destroyed our economy before we dump them.
   Note to our foreign list members: About all we hear from our mass
media news sources of foreign conflicts are body counts, statements
of "strife", & press releases. Its pretty bad in content although the
production values are great. Usually we don't get told the really good
news of State powers lost - such as taxes not able to be collected, id
schemes that fail, laws collectively scoffed at. If you have some
good news - write!
                                           Yours Truly,
                                           Gary Jeffers
                            PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                            WWWAAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCKKK!
                            BBBEEEAAATTTT STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-09 18:04:28
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: THE ANTI-CLIPper 
An excerpt from the THE SPOTLIGHT newspaper April 11, 1994 from
its TECHNOLOGY & LIBERTY column.
 "TV THAT WATCHES YOU"
   "In a little-noticed agreement reported in Washington Technology Week
 Bell Atlantic, General Instruments Corporation, & the National
 Institute of Science & Technology(NIST) have agree to build Clipper
 chips into future General Instruments cable-TV boxes."
    "It's a landmark agreement, & the mainstream media has been
 virtually silent on the subject. But what does the agreement mean?"
   "For starters, it means your high-tech cable box of the future will
have all the "privacy protection" of your Clinton Clipper telephone. It
is designed to snitch on you."
   "For example, you'll soon be able to order merchandise through your
high-tech cable TV. And the Clipper chip implanted in your cable box wil
flag every purchase as yours. Maybe you contribute to church causes? Use
your cable box for tithes & it could be "profiled". Do you watch pay-
per-view movies? Big Brother could soon be critiquing your viewing
   "Starting to get the picture? The Clipper chip is designed to auto-
matically identify every cable TV transaction you make. It can report
your favorite programs & films. It can mark your buying habits."
   "And since Clipper's actual capabilities are still top-secret, it
could theoretically be even more sinister. It could even contain logic
to encrypt signals from monitoring equipment built into your cable box,
such as a miniature video camera or infrared sensor (like the cameras
& sensors already built into experimental cable boxes used by the
Arbitron & Nielson rating services to monitor who is in the room with
the TV on)."
   "General Instruments Corporation (GI) has a near-monopoly on the
production of home cable-TV receivers. As a result, the "quiet"
Clipper agreement virtually assures that Clipper chips will be insin-
uated into the cable boxes of almost 90% of American's cable sub-
scribers, all of whom have GI's cable equipment." This looks like
really bad news to me!
    Maybe the free market could help? How about "CLIPPER FREE"
labels on small companies cable_TV receivers. If the company could
get away with it, it might really help their sales. Maybe foreign
companies could come in with Clipper-frees? They could scream trade-
war if the feds tried to stop them. American companies could then
claim unfair restrictions were keeping them from being competitive.
   An even better possibility presents itself! How about the poss-
ibility of a pirate cottage industry in disabling Clipper chips. Would
the TV work with a broken Clipper. How about jumping around the Clipper
chip? If that doesn't work, then an anti-clipper chip that goes
in parallel or in series with the Clipper or replaces it? I don't
know much about electronics. There has been for years a small in-
dustry in producing "pirate" cable boxes. Imagine the possibilities
with the anti-chip business. Electronic hackers working their way
though college by installing off-shore produced anti-Clipper chips.
Also individuals making a living from this or a good moonlighting
job. If the feds outlaw this - THEN EVEN BETTER! An off the books,
non-taxed business employing skilled technical people & habituating
the population to engaging in federally unlawful activities!
   I predict that in coming years, the productive general population
is going to become boldly contemptful of the big state. In this
atmosphere, anti-Clipper activity will be well received & popularly
endorsed. We will see a booming underground electronic privacy
   What would the new chip's name be? THE ANTI-CLIPper? THE FREEDOM
CHIP? THE WACO? THE WEAVER FAMILY? THE ANARCHIST CHIP?
THE EQUALIZER CHIP? THE CYPHERPUNK CHIP? THE PRIVACY CHIP?
THE YOU'LL-MIND-YOUR-OWN-DAM'D-BUSINESS CHIP? THE NEUROMANCER CHIP?
THE ANTI-STATE CHIP? THE REVOLT CHIP? THE CLIP CLIPPER CHIP?
THE NO-FEDS CHIP? THE CLIPPER CLIPPER CHIP?
                                           Yours Truly,
                                           Gary Jeffers
                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                           WWWWAAAYYYY    BBAAACCCKKK!
                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-13 15:07:22
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: alias in phone book 
* Gun control is people control. - Gary Jeffers
   Why hasn't anyone discussed the utility of phony names in the
phone books for fooling state investigators? If you have an unlisted
phone number & a state snoop asks for your listing, the phone company
will also check the unlisted numbers. What would happen if you had
a phony name that the phone company agreed to use. Would the snoops
be thrown for a loss? Could phony names be even better than unlisted?
The phone company would probably demand your real name for billing
                                             Yours Truly,
                                             Gary Jeffers
                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                           WWWAAAYYY   BBBAAACCCKKKK!
                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-13 18:36:45
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Soldier of Fortune magazine. 
Gun control is people control.
The War on Drugs is the War on Citizens.
   I would like to suggest that some of our more knowledgeable &
eloquent Ccypherpunks such as May, Hughes, Frissell or others consider
approaching Soldier of Fortune magazine about a series of articles
or a regular column on encryption & privacy. SOF may seem to be a
childish publication to some of us but it has a readership many times
that of Ccypherpunks & we would not be preaching to the converted
(I know there are other purposes to cypherpunks as well).
   I've read some of their writing on the Waco affair & was impressed
by their anti-government stance & the heavy detail (much better than
the high production value/low content stuff from the mass media).
I'm not a regular reader of SOF but they seem to be old fashioned
patriots & might be warm to the Cypherpunk cause.
   We might have a series or a regular column titled CRYPTO -
THE COMING GREAT WAR or COMMUNICATIONS - THE NEXT GREAT BATTLEFIELD.
We already have a library of articles & copy. Our views would be a bit
novel & just might fit right in with SOF. We could make a deal with
them so that we could reprint the articles on the Internet. A number
of Cypherpunks regularly write good articles. We should make better
use of them.
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers
                                   PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                   WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                  BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
P. S. Another name for a chip that subverts the Clipper chip. -
THE CLIPPER CRIPPLER.

@_date: 1994-04-18 15:01:59
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Science frauds 
Gun control is people control.
The war on drugs is the war on citizens.
Kill the Clipper (anti-privacy) chip.
   The following article appeared in the April 18, 1994 edition of
THE SPOTLIGHT newspaper. The article is by Paul V. Sheridan.
(Paul Sheridan is president of Dr. Detroit Motorsports in Detroit,
Michigan. His articles have appeared in numerous periodicals.)
   The SPOTLIGHT is a weekly mail order newspaper. Their subscription
THE SPOTLIGHT
300 Independence Ave. SE
Washington, D.C. 20003
current (4/17/94) trial subscription $19.94 for 30 weeks. Since I have
just sort or grabbed one of their whole articles, I should be "nice"
& do a free advertisement for them.
*******  BEGIN  ************
DANGER FROM SPRAY CANS & AIR CONDITIONERS A HOAX?
   "Nature is full of the unknown. In the United States a remarkable
discovery was made. Waterside mud contains bacteria that breaks down
CFC's; products not found in nature. Such discoveries should humble us.
But yet there are people so sure of their knowledge of nature, they
make all sorts of predictions. They're like high priests of arrogance;
only concerned with money, fame and power."
         Prologue to the European film: Fair Skin - Stay In
   If a contest were held to award the most scientifically baseless,
politically oppressive, morally bankrupt, economically destructive
environmental farce, the hands-down winner would be the banning of
chloroflurocarbons (CFCs, such as freon).
   Whenever a major action is being dictated, especially at the national
level, you should ask yourself, "Who benefits?" If your answer includes
arrogant "scientists," trendy politicians & faceless corporate bureau-
crats, you can safely assume that scandal is not far behind. Obviously
these do-gooders will proclaim that you are going to benefit because
they are doing you a big favor; one you don't remember requesting. If
you're starting to feel queasy, good.
   When I began studying the theory that CFCs were affecting the ozone
layer, I found less & less, not more, credibility. What I did find how-
ever is that people who will make money on this scandal support it, &
choose to deny or ignore the facts. This trend continues at an accel-
erating pace.
   We have already been programmed to assume that the so-called replace-
ments will cost 10 times as much as CFCs. We have seen CFC costs jump
from 50 cents per pound to $10 per pound or more as supplies are pur-
posely diminished. We are about to scrap billions of dollars in un-
amortized CFC-based equipment, & spend billions more on equipment
dedicated to the new refrigerants since they are not compatible. Auto-
motive customers have experienced their "repair" bill jump from $25
to $1,000 as retrofits become the only way to retain air conditioning.
A similar scenario will begin to emerge for home & office air-condit-
ioning systems.
   A review by SPOTLIGHT readers should include the following questions:
*   The Rowland/Molina theory seeks to convince you that chlorine from
CFCs is responsible for "destruction of the ozone layer." If this is
true, why did Mother Nature evolve oceans that emit an average of 600
million tons per year: 80,000 times the chlorine theoretically supplied
by CFCs? What about volcanoes such as Mount Erebus, which emits an
average of 1,000 tons of chlorine each day? When Mount Pinatubo re-
cently erupted, 10 million tons of chlorine were ejected. Chlorine from
this planet's 6,500 volcanoes has been deposited directly into the strat
osphere for billions of years. Why weren't natural sources even men-
tioned in the theory? Do natural sources of chlorine deplete Nobel
*   Why are the major chemical companies pushing for a ban of CFCs?
What is the status of the international patent rights to CFC pro-
duction? Is it merely a coincidence that the scheduled ban of CFCs
coincides with the expiration of the patents? Is it coincidence that the
companies that are shoving this ban down your throat are the very same
companies that hold the "approved" patents? Is there any correlation
between the business plans of selected chemical companies, & the sub-
sequent emergence & widespread media promotion of this theory?
*   Gordon Dobson, the father of atmospheric science, discovered
seasonal fluctuation of the Antarctic ozone layer in 1956 (long before
the more recent alarms raised by the supposed discovery of this phenom-
enon in the 1980's). Why is this natural phenomenon never discussed?
Why is the implication given that CFCs were not widely used when
Dobson made his historic observations? What is the significance of the
Scandinavian claim that their research on ozone layer fluctuations dates
back to 1925, when CFCs had not yet been invented?
*   If the ozone layer is being "depleted," why has the ultraviolet ra-
diation reaching the Earth's surface been declining for the last
50 years?
*   Why the Tazieff Resolution? Why would hundreds of respected scient-
tists sign a document that states that the CFC/ozone layer issue is a
fraud? Why is this resolution avoided like the plague by the American
news media & the EPA? Why is the Tazieff resolution hidden from the
American public?
*   Why did Vice President Al Gore fire William Happer? Dr. Happer, of
the Department of Energy, was pursuing a scientific review of avail-
able data. He was also proposing more accurate instrumentation to ensure
credible conclusions. Did Happer mistakenly assume that his job was
science as opposed to trendy politics? What does this incident indicate
about the ethical stature of the present administration? Has Gore
decided that the scientific method should be replaced by political
*   Dr. Sherwood Rowland, the co-inventor of this global warming theory,
has been openly accused of scientific fraud by members of the American
Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). Why has the AAAS
concealed these accusations & the resultant petition to review his part-
icipation in Ozonegate?
INVESTIGATION NEEDED
*   Why was H.R. 291 introduced? This legislation calls for a complete
investigation of Ozonegate & will probably result in criminal proceed-
ings. Why haven't our friends in the news media told you about H.R.
*   The original design criteria for refrigerant chemicals was that it
be durable, non-flammable, non-corrosive & non-toxic. After 20 years of
development & testing, & more than 40 years of use, CFCs have completely
proven themselves. By stark contrast, R-134, the replacement material,
is flimsy, explosive, corrosive & downright poisonous. Recognizing that
they themselves will not be routinely exposed to this unproven chemical,
what criteria did the EPA use to pronounce from their ivory towers that
R-134 was "acceptable?" If this new family of chemicals is "acceptable"
why did Germany recently ban R-123 due to its toxicity?
   I called the EPA (202-233-9155) & requested their human toxicity
studies on R-134. Under the Toxic Substance Control Act, the EPA is
required to release these findings. They flatly refused my requests. The
important issue for SPOTLIGHT readers is the health risk imposed on our
automotive technicians who will unknowingly be exposed to a substance
that is at least 100 times more carcinogenic than the CFCs they replace.
   The general public will also be exposed to these dangerous chemicals
in their cars, home air conditioners & refrigerators. The EPA desper-
ately does not want you to know the details contained in the toxicity
   The 15th century Europeans were told of sea monsters at the edge of
a flat earth. In truth, the market share of silks & spices enjoyed by
the major traders were being threatened by the smaller mariners.
Similar to the lies told when the earth was flat, Americans are being
told that "The ship has sailed...it's too late."
   That money-making ploy did not work for the greedy merchant houses
of the 15th century, & SPOTLIGHT readers need to ensure that Ozonegate
doesn't work today. An excellent start is to write to your congress-
person & demand that they support H.R. 291.
******  END  ***************
   Well fellow Cypherpunks, what do we make of this? Many of us had
thought that we had gone plenty far by being anarchists or minarchists.
Apparently that is not far enough in order to oppose those that push
us around & lie to us. This article implies that we must also be anti
mass media & largely anti large corporation as well. In the matter of
corporations we must at least be dubious of their intentions & truth-
   This article also serves as a model of big corporate, mass media,
& state collusion in the victimization of their people. If the article
is true, then how can the mass media be anything but corrupt?
   Another possibility arises: Do we have a science & technology that
in a number of crucial areas is controlled as well? Are large cor-
porations withholding science & tech from us? There have been rumors
for years that the oil corporations buy up patents & small innovative
companies to keep competing technologies off the market.
   I find a number of clues that this is true:
    We who oppose the oppressive state must be alert for attacks from
other quarters. The state is aided & abetted by a corrupt & lying mass
media. At times the people are duped by large corporations acting in
concert with the state & the mass media. Caution & independence must
be used against several quarters simultaneously.
   This is an outrage! It reminds me of the old Soviet Union in which
only a few percentage points of the people were in the Communist
Party & therefore most of the population did not expect decent treatment
or the truth. It is also remindful of the Feudal system in which a
small minority ruled & took while the majority were exploited. Of
course, there were explanations why this cruel structure was right.
   In the U.S., the population is proud of its freedom & its knowledge
while being terribly politically ignorant. Are we that far removed from
the old Soviet Union & the Feudal rule? Are the American masses both
lied to & exploited systematically as the masses have been for thousands
of years. It seems to me that in the U.S., the masses have gotten a much
easier life due to some technological innovations & that the RULE BY
LIE has gotten so much more sophisticated. In justice to the American
political founders, I concede that for approximately the first 120 years
the American masses enjoyed remarkable freedom. However, for the last 90
years the control thugs have been slowly re-capturing us.
   We have given away our lost power by giving away our responsibility.
We have believed that the big dogs have gotten to where they are by
being better than we, by being smarter, & by working harder. We also
have a weakness with gullibility. We have a difficult time believing that
a high status person could consistly & often lie to us. Possibly, that
is a kind of genetic weakness of the masses: inability to disbelieve
high status people.
   I do not wish to leave us without hope. We now have the INTERNET! -
A people's mass media where everything does not pass though a
crooked chokepoint. We now may easily & quickly exchange news with
people all over the world. We also have public key cryptography!
This guarantees our ability to conduct conversations all over the
world & be as private as we wanna be! Records & private writings may
be kept in effectively unbreakable strong cryptography. With these tools
we may be able to break the yoke of the state & its collaborating
                                Cypherpunk,
                                Gary Jeffers
                                PUSH EM BACK!  PUSH EM BACK!
                                WWWAAAYYY   BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                BBBEEEAAATTTT   STATE!
Interested in getting strong cryptography packages for free?
Interested in putting your math, cryptography, or computer programming
skills to use in writing a technology to free the world from its
oppressors? Contact Cypherpunks

@_date: 1994-04-18 18:29:25
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Science fraud 
Phil Fraering writes
 Phil, currently a barrel of oil is a little under $17. That would make
a gallon of gas less than 40 cents if it could be refined, distributed,
& retailed at no cost. I realize that is just about "dirt cheap".
Still, the Fischer-Tropsch reaction is over 90 years old & Germany
fueled its part in World War II with it. By now, you would think that
we could squeeze oil out of coal "dirt cheap". Its been more that 50
years ago that Germany ran its war effort on this process. I agree with
you that it would be very hard to beat the price of oil. Still, the
world handles its war machine as though oil were quite precious.
You should cure the world of this illusion! Ok - admittedly, an
oil embargo that was differentially placed on some nations & not
on others would raise the manufacturing & shipping costs of the
embargoed nations & put them in a bad trade position.
Phil, if I had known my article would just tire & annoy you, I never
would have writ it!
Agreed. My article is not well coupled with the official topic of
cypherpunks & it would not be a good thing to tie up too much of
cypherpunks bandwith with it. I had hoped to do a quick hit & run
with it with cypherpunks & post it on other lists as well. I must
give you credit, Phil. It was a damd cagey move on your part to do
a bad review on a part of my post & say nothing good about my
post at all. As we all know, nothing kills a thread faster than that!
And then to give me shit about wasting Cypherpunk bandwith - the
ICING ON THE CAKE! Phil is on top of things. I am admonished! Unless
someone says something to provoke or encourage this thread, I'm
dropping it from Cypherpunks.
   I've dropped out of the Extropian's list. Its all I can do to keep
up with just this list. Also, I don't want to pay the money & I don't
approve of the way the fools hounded Tim May.
Phil, I must also disagree with the way you handled your criticism of
my post. You panned part of it & then seemed imply that you had fully
reviewed it with that.
   Thanks for the tip. You & NOVA are probably right. The world is
probably up to its ass in oil. There is some speculation that oil was
not derived from fossilized plant life.
   On a more serious note, I value the time & bandwith of the Cypher-
punks. I posted the post here because I believe that it has rare &
valuable information that Cypherpunks would be interested in. Hopefully,
I have not wasted much of many Cypherpunks time.
                                               Yours Truly,
                                               Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-20 20:59:52
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: BlackNet here now? 
Actually we have had a BlackNet on the Internet for years. I admit
its not much of a BlackNet - maybe just a proto BlackNet that will never
grow to do justice to the BlackNet concept. The proto BlackNet is on Internet chat. For years commercial/retail software has been ex-
changed on  This is a pretty narrow area of exchange. Also, it
could be argued that  on internet chat has been a proto BlackNet
entity for years.  exchanges system breakin information. Years ago
I tried to encourage both these channels to use encryption to exchange
sensitive files. I used to post their TOPIC with the message "WE NEED
PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION NOW." before I found out about PGP. Once I found
out about PGP, I tried to encourage them to adopt it.
   Strangely enough, neither of these channels were at all enthusiastic
about encryption.  makes itself an "invite only" channel apparentl
for security. If someone could introduce a method to these channels
to exchange money for information, then it is a possibility that they
could mature to real BlackNets. They would also have to use anonymous
remailers. They already exchange illicit goods.
   Maybe a Cypherpunk acting in a sort "Peace Corps" way could lend
them some assistance. It could give you a sort or satisfied feeling
in latter years to know that you had played a part in creating some
BlackNet monsters. If real BlackNet tech became a part of these two
channels, the possibility exists that they could expand their ranges
to become true, full BlackNet entities.
   I believe that barring a successful Federal technological capture of
the Internet, BlackNets are inevitable.
                                 Yours Truly,
                                 Gary Jeffers
                                 PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                 WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                 BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-22 18:59:02
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: THE FREEDOM DAEMON 
THIS ARTICLE IS FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. I WILL NOT BE HELD
ACCOUNTABLE FOR THE USE OR MISUSE OF INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS
   I would like to introduce new terms & a new concept. The terms are
"RECHATTERER", "RECHAT", & "CHATTERBOX" (with a new meaning). The idea i
analogous to the remailer concept. Remailers are series of mailing
software machines that hide the location & identity of the sender of a
file. This is a very good idea for privacy & freedom on the Internet.
An overlooked necessity for the Internet are retransmitters for both
CHAT MODE & for the sending of commands. Note: Latter in this text, I'll
introduce the term "FREEDOM DAEMON".
   File transfers cannot replace the need for the interactive chat mode
& for command transmits. Hence, the need for CHATTERBOXES. The need for
chat mode security is obvious. The need for command retransmitters is
less obvious & has great possibilities.
   With command retransmitters much internet activity could be done
without disclosing the location of the worker. Consider the possibility
of telnets assisted with CHATTERBOXES. With CHATTERBOXES almost no
Internet activity need give away the location of the worker. This of
course would raise the safety level of hackers/crackers by at least
a magnitude. This would of course raise concerns for computing safety
on the Internet. On the other hand, hacking/cracking may be necessary
for the future freedom of the Internet.
   The Feds are currently trying to hijack the Internet with their
Information Highway fraud. The Feds will try to regulate the Internet
traffic. I find it difficult to believe that they would tolerate the
existence of remailers. How secure are remailers? Are they easy to find?
With CHATTERBOXES, much of the danger of establishing remailers in the
future could be avoided. Could the establishment of remailers be auto-
mated with programmed CHATTERBOXES doing the work? I suggest the possi-
bility of mainframe hacking as a method of secretly making outlaw re-
mailers. I got this idea from a book carried by Loompanics. The excerpt
   "One way to get around this problem - & to simultaneously overcome
many of the problems that arise when one sets up a BBS - is to use your
hacking skills to break into a mainframe far away from your house, & use
IT for the site of your electronic bulletin board." From the book,
SECRETS OF A SUPERHACKER by The Knightmare. Published & distributed by
Loompanics Unlimited.
              Loompanics Unlimited
              PO Box 1197
              Port Townsend, Wa 98368
Current(April 22, 1994) price of their main catalog is $5.00.
   Loompanics is a great book distributor & publisher that I have used
for many years. It carries books on many unusual topics. For instance
if you wanted a textbook on murder, terrorism, homemade explosives, writ-
ing computer viruses, hacking computers, making recreational drugs, life
extension, weird science, conspiracies, torture, or brain & mind
improvement then I perceive you have a need for the Loompanics catalog.
They also have other exciting categories as well.
   But back to the subject. I thought it was a fantastic idea to hijack
the resources of a foreign computer & use them for a pirate BBS. The
same thing should be able to be done with remailers & CHATTERBOXES.
   Another idea I have for fighting off the possibility of technological
capture of the Internet by the Feds is the idea of the "FREEDOM DAEMON".
A FREEDOM DAEMON could be thought of as a CHATTERBOX with the following
capabilities added:
1. A remailer
2. Virus capabilities. It reproduces itself.
3. Worm capabilities. It is self contained in its code.
4. Trojan horse capabilities. It plants itself in foreign computers like
  a daemon or software service machine.
5. Ability to take orders from its parent or another ancestor FREEDOM
   DAEMON, or its original human programmer or by certified users.
  Order taking would be authorized by an RSA encryption scheme.
6. Ability to be interrogated by its parent or another ancestor FREEDOM
   DAEMON or its human programmer, or by certified users through an
  RSA scheme.
Note: It may carry several keys for different levels of security access.
7. It may contain histories of its ancestors or progeny or both. The
  histories would require access by RSA keys.
8. It may contain genetic algorithms as it may meet with a lot of state
   hostility in the form of destruction by human & programmed hunters.
   The genetic algorithms could create more worthy FREEDOM DAEMONS.
   I have suggested that the use of FREEDOM DAEMONS would be to per-
petuate remailers, CHATTERBOXES, & themselves. I think that the thought-
ful Cypherpunk could think up a number of other uses. In the near future
the Internet could lose much of its freedom & could become a more dan-
gerous place for freedom lovers. CHATTERBOXES & FREEDOM DAEMONS with
their ability to enable the Cypherpunk to send commands, do telnets, &
perform other functions without disclosing his location could enable
the Cypherpunk to manufacture other freedom software machines with at
least a magnitude of safety greater than he had before.
   Who would program the CHATTERBOXES & FREEDOM DAEMONS? My first idea
is to the guys who are programming remailers. Those unsung, unpaid
heroes who are much like Dr. Frankenstein, working away on his big guy.
Hackers & Crackers should have a certain taste & experience with the
activities needed. It should provide a field day for computer science
types & cryptographers. Creative "wild idea" people could help.
OTHER THOUGHTS
   How do hackers & crackers get caught? Could Cypherpunk technology
keep them safe? Imagine hackers/crackers with CHATTERBOXES & FREEDOM
DAEMONS & digital reputations who don't know each other's true names
& have no idea of each other's true locations. - hence unable to betray
each other. Weak hacker/crackers would not endanger their strong asso-
ciates. A chain only as strong as it's strongest link? Could they be
as safe as their strongest technology?
   Right now, captured hacker/crackers roll over on their associates,
their mothers, & their pet dogs. We as Cypherpunks can help to stop
this carnage. Note that we Cypherpunks are politicos & made of sterner
stuff. I also don't want to characterize ALL hacker/crackers as weak.
   By now, many Cypherpunks are asking themselves just what the fuck
I am doing concerning myself with the welfare of hacker/crackers &
implying that Cypherpunks should do the same. Cypherpunks are saying
aren't these people sort of well - UNSAVORY? -
I have never tasted them.
   But on a more serious note: in a future Internet ravaged by state
power grabs, many Cypherpunks may be in the position of today's
hacker/crackers & may have their security concerns. Today, Cypherpunks
write code, tomorrow they hack/crack?
   Wouldn't this proposed technology turn the Internet into the Wild
West? Yes, it would.
   On Internet chat, there is a channel called  On this channel
for years the people have chatted to each other in code. They talk
quickly & seem to be unimpeded by the code. Well, I guess "we've"
already gotten coded on the fly Iinternet chat.
   Well, Cypherpunks, I've been up to enough today. Maybe tomorrow I'll
discuss my BLACK NET PEACE CORE plans.
   In the meantime-   PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                      WWWAAAYYY BBBAAACCCKKKK!
                      BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                      Yours Truly,
                      Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-23 11:44:08
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: THE SPOTLIGHT 
I seem to have set off some paranoia on the net with my post
SCIENCE FRAUDS in which I referred to the SPOTLIGHT newspaper & in
fact gave it some free advertising. I reprinted a wonderful article
on the Ozone fraud without permission & feeling guilty - I gave THE
SPOTLIGHT a free advertisement to soothe my conscience. Even in this, I
was incorrect as the article was written by Paul V. Sheridan of
Dr. Detroit Motorsports in Detroit, Michigan. The article , as it
appeared in THE SPOTLIGHT, was merely a reprint & Sheridan is not
affiliated with THE SPOTLIGHT.
   There is speculation that THE SPOTLIGHT has a hidden agenda that
includes anti-semitism. I have read quite a number of editions of this
paper & if they do have this agenda, then they are very well disciplined
in never surfacing it. Still the possibility does exist & I have no
intention of serving as a dupe for anyone's hidden agenda. Therefore,
if I choose to post the article on other lists or interest groups, I
will remove all references to THE SPOTLIGHT. Anyone wishing to repost
this article please remove these references.
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-23 11:57:16
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: THE FREEDOM DAEMON - PART DOUX 
There has been some criticism of the ethics of my THE FREEDOM DAEMON
post. The freedom daemon is a proposed software machine for a proposed
furture in which a police state captures the Internet. Under a police
state & in times of strife, ethics change & things that were at one
time unthinkable become quite thinkable. However, this speculation
was just a flight of fancy, so go back to sleep & don't worry your
precious little heads.
                                           Yours Truly,
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-04-23 12:41:49
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Live code that dies. No captures! 
Imagine code distributed over a network of computers over the world
that lives & that when its time dependent conversation is interrupted
- dies!
   Consider three sets of code in three computers that constitutes a
"Family"(the whole program). "Grandpa" talks to "Pa". "Pa" then talks
"Son". "Son" then talks to "Grandpa". Each "Family" member closely
monitors its cup clock & if its expected message is not received on
time - it suicides! Capture "Pa" & in seconds, "Grandpa" & "Son" take
their own lives! That is to say, they scramble certain essential parts
of themselves including cryptographic sections.
   The expected messages contain ciphertext that is generated by an
RSA/Idea scheme that changes its key at every transmission. The
"Family" would be glued together tightly by clocks & changing keys.
   The whole "Family" together would constitute a single program whose
purpose & output could not be found without analyzing the whole
"Family". An impossible to determine ( for the outsider ) member would
generate the output. The output member would change.
   A resultant of this process is that the system could not be analyzed
in its entirety. An attack to shutdown the set of computers would have
to be nearly simultaneously.
   Another trick could be use to stop a simultaneous shutdown - greatly
increase the size of the "Family". An essential trick to defeat
analysis is to have essential parts of the "Family" members encrypted
at times, so that there was no single time in which the whole "Family"
was in plaintext.
   Variations on this scheme come to mind. For instance, the route of
transmission varies & is impossible to determine by an outside invest-
igator. Another variation: redundancy could be built into the scheme
so that the loss of a computer or two wouldn't shutdown the program.
Each member could be given a CRC by its calling member at each
transmission to check for tampering. The CRC would only be for
selected sections of the member.
In order to make individual implementations practical, the "Family"
could be generated by a computer program so that less drudge work
would be done by humans.
   What purposes would this scheme be applied to? To be sure purposes
that would get a hostile response. The reader can think up his own.
This programming scheme's major virtue is that it cannot be captured
wholly intact.
   The "Family" that "Clocks", "Keys", & "Crypts" together -
"lives" together.
                                    Yours Truly,
                                    Gary Jeffers
                                    PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                    WWWAAAYYY BBBAAACCCKKKK!
                                    BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-24 20:47:52
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: the #freedom channel 
I spoke in an earlier post of the  channel on the Internet
chat. A brief description of  They interactively send messages
to each other in code. The code is fast & they seem to be talking
fluently to each other. This would seem to be an interesting matter
to Cypherpunks.
   I have been asked for more info. on the  channel. I don't
know anymore than I've already talked about except that they are not
a hidden or invite only channel. Of course, when you talk to them you
are ignored. Apparently, they ignore other people because their
machines "decrypt" our plaintext to "crypt-like" text.
   For anyone who would like to join the  channel or acquire
their encrypt/decrypt "on the fly" software, I have the following sug-
gestions: 1. get on the Internet Chat system. 2. do a
" /channel   "  command. that will get you into their channel.
Immediately after getting on their channel, you will get a list of
the nicknames of the users already on the channel. 3. IMMEDIATELY
record on paper, the nicknames. - they may scroll off your screen
quickly. 4. do a " /whois nick  " on several of their nicks. This will
get you their Internet email addresses. 5. Mail some of them requests
for what you want.
   Since the channel name is " I would suppose they are
political & may want to share info. with you. If you are interested
in their "on the fly" crypt/decrypt message software & you manage to
get it - THEN BRING IT BACK TO CYPHERPUNKS! The stuff would make a good
post on a Cypherpunk ftp site for freedom software. Note: it is possible
that they may not be sophisticated with cryptography & might not want
to give out their encrypt/decrypt algorithm. In which case, please try
to get them in touch with one of the more experienced Cypherpunks.
Cypherpunks should be able to demonstrate the uselessness of secret
algorithms & in such a case give them stronger algorithms.
                                             Yours Truly,
                                             Gary Jeffers
                                             PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                             WWWAAAYYY BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                             BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:02:09
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Faking hostnames & CHATTERBOXES 
About faking hosts names being inconvenient: A week or two ago I did
a post FREEDOM DEAMON in which I suggested the idea of the "CHATTERBOX".
A "CHATTERBOX" would be the Internet Chat equivalent of a remailer.
Other names for "CHATTERBOXES" would be "RECHATTERERS" or "RECHATS".
It would hide the location of the user. It would also have the cap-
ability to send commands without disclosing location. For instance, you
could TELNET really anonymously! Lots of other things too! Someone
feel free to write it. Still another way to get rid of host name.- Some-
one once TELNETed to a foreign country computer, then that computer was
kind enough to allow user to IRC to Internet Chat. Who was that "masked
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers
                                            PUSH EM BACK!  PUSH EM BACK!
                                            WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                            BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-04-30 18:08:03
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: The American money capture 
"Authority serves authority." hey! I said that.
   This post was provoked by two previous posts. They follow:
Blanc Weber says
Black Unicorn says
   Black Unicorn was off by 31 years. The first great power grab by the
State occurred in 1913.
   Blanc Weber makes a good point & I'll add to it. The American economy
was captured in 1913.
   Following is text from the book THE COMING CURRENCY COLLAPSE
 (subtitled) and what you can do about it. The publisher is Bantam
Books & the author is Jerome F. Smith, among other things, a follower
of the Austrian school of economics.
   The following is a brief description of the banking fraud in America.
start of text for THE COMING CURRENCY COLLAPSE

@_date: 1994-05-03 19:48:52
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Lobbying/Politics/Etc. 
On this thread, someone expressed outrage at the idea that a
terrorist incident could be staged to encourage gun control legislation.
-That this was a "smear" on "bleeding hearts". Its not as simple as that
   Recently, Walter Williams has popularized a wonderful term used
by the Communist Party - "USEFUL IDIOTS". A USEFUL IDIOT was a person
who believed the propaganda of the inner circle &, so believing,
worked for the Party without knowing the hidden agenda.
   It seems that in America, when the state does a power grab, we find
at least two groups involved in pushing for the state - a  ruling
elite & the useful idiots. The useful idiots are a well developed group
for the state gun control plan. The state is now working to develop
useful idiots with regard to encryption.
   Useful idiots would probably not sanction terrorist incidents to
further their political views & could certainly not be trusted to be
involved in any such incident. I don't believe that the ruling elite
would have any qualms against such an incident - only practical re-
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers
                                            PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                            WWWAAAYYY   BBBAAACCCKKK!
                                            BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE !

@_date: 1994-05-11 15:14:05
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: *Here they come 
Lefty reports some really nasty political facts in *Here they come
about what constitutes sexual harassment. Would it be sexual harasse-
ment to put up signs saying "DEATH TO THE POLITICALLY CORRECT" OR
"DEATH TO STATISTS". Or, you could wear buttons or drop the phrases
casually in conversations. It would surely be protected speech by the
1st Amendment. In case pressure was brought against you, you could just
say "hey, I was only kidding."
   I think that we should think past behavior that bothers us in certain
cases &, instead, think about the kinds of people who constantly
sanction this behavior. When these people realized that we morally
sanctioned their deaths, they would be less pushy. Or, at least, we
could help redefine "hostile environment" for them.
                                           hey, its just a goof,
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-05-21 16:48:27
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: *Here they come 
Peter Murphy asks for some clarifications. In "DEATH TO STATISTS",
I, of course, exclude minarchists from the term "statists". For "DEATH
TO STATISTS", I should have substituted "DEATH TO LEFT WING STATISTS"
as they are the kind that particularly infuriate me.  A PC would not be
equivalent to a left wing statist. A PC would have more characteristics
that a left wing statist. I have not figured out the exact recipe for
such monsters yet. Would "DEATH TO PC'S" violate campus speech codes?
Anyway, I think that its important to let them know that we really don't
approve of them. They disapprove of so many things & are go aggressive
about showing their disapproval & intolerance that I think its only
   Incidentally, I think that people should be aware of the debt that
we owe NEWSWEEK with respect to the "POLITICALLY CORRECT". In their
Dec. 24, 1990 issue, NEWSWEEK attacked the politically correct
enforcers. It was their "THOUGHT POLICE" issue & it devoted at least
10 pages to their abuses. That issue collectivized the term "POLITICALLY
CORRECT". Before that issue, the "POLITICALLY CORRECT" were nameless &
nearly invisible monsters. NEWSWEEK gave us a collectivized sneer word
that we could attack them with. I don't know why the term "THOUGHT
POLICE" didn't catch on big.
   Sorry to be so late in replying.
                                       Yours Truly,
                                       Gary Jeffers
                                      PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                      WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                      BBBEEEAAATTT  STATE !

@_date: 1994-05-26 16:59:00
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: ECASH HOLY GRAIL? 
Say, isn't this the electronic privacy HOLY GRAIL? - The STATE
KILLER? - The POWER GIVER TO THE INDIVIDUAL? Here's to hoping that
its everything that Chaum was looking for & congratulations to
David Chaum & company.
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers
                                            PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                            WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                            BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-05-27 12:09:30
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Ecash w/ offshore bank clearing house 
ECASH WITH OFFSHORE BANK CLEARING HOUSE
   Well Chaum's ecash doesn't seem to be quite the Holy Grail that it
looked like. It needs a clearing house to be effective. Would an off-
shore bank acting as a clearing house for Chaum's ecash be practical?
Could that be a State Killer?
                                        Yours Truly,
                                        Gary Jeffers
                                        PUSH EM BACK!  PUSH EM BACK!
                                        WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                        BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-05-27 13:39:23
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Ecash w/ offshore bank clearing house 
ECASH WITH OFFSHORE BANK CLEARING HOUSE
   To my question "Could this be a State Killer", Perry Metzger replies
that no single tool other than atomics could kill a state. Possibly, I
should have stated the question as "Could Chaum's ecash with offshore
banking be the straw that breaks the state camel's back?" Private guns
along with electronic privacy tools such as anonymous reputations, PGP,
anonymous remailers, etc. are already at large. These tools are syner-
getic as well as cumulative. At some time we will hit a schelling point.
Possibly, with Chaum's ecash we already have the tools.
   The Soviet Union is a good example of a state that was destroyed by
its inability to control its economy. Viet Nam is a good example of a
"Socialist" state that due to its internal problems largely allows its
people make their own economic arrangements.
   Privacy technology does not necessarily have to destroy a state. To
make the state an ineffective fool would make a happy situation.
   Incidentally, a new thought occurs to me. Why not one of the old ex
Soviet states as an offshore bank acting as a clearing house for Chaum's
ecash. A tax haven - offshore banking country with nuclear ICBM's to
defend itself & its industry would be nice. :-)
                                                 Yours Truly,
                                                 Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-05-28 11:23:03
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: American Eagle Scherzando! 
AMERICAN EAGLE SCHERADO
   I have found a source of info. that I just must share!
American Eagle Publications, Inc.
P. O. Box 41401
Tucson, AZ 85717
   I'm sure they will send you a catalog just for the asking.
   So, what are they about? They are about VIRUSES! They don't just
carry a couple of virus things - they are the VIRUSES-ARE-US of the
virus world! They have a journal: Computer Virus Developments Quarterly.
They have books on viruses, virus protection, cryptanalysis, the science
fiction book "Heiland", a CD-ROM for $99.95 of several thousand live
viruses, disks of viruses with source code, executable & utilities,
programs & cards for boot protection, & even a virus IDEA computer
system protector.
   Copy follows for two items of particular interest to Cypherpunks:
POTASSIUM HYDROXIDE, KOH
 By the "King of Hearts"
   A sophisticated piece of software which uses ideas first developed by
computer virus writers to secure your computer system against those who
would like to get their hands on the information in it. You give KOH a
pass phrase, & it uses state of the art IDEA data encryption algorithm
to encrypt all of the information on your hard disk & your floppies. It
is, for all intents & purposes, unbreakable, & works well with DOS &
Windows. Many encryption programs offered commercially are easily
cracked, but this one is not.
   Some people call this program a virus, come say it is not. In ways,
it acts like a virus to do some of your security housekeeping for you.
Yet at worst it is a friendly virus that lets you choose when & how
it will replicate.
   program & manual on disk, $10
program, full source, & manual on disk, $20
(Overseas customers add $12: KOH cannot be exported from the US, but
since it was not developed in the US, we will forward your order to the
overseas distributor. Please allow 6 weeks for delivery)
By Franklin Sanders
276 pages, Paperback, 1986
   Here's an entertaining book about America in the year 2020. If you
wonder if it's proper to use viruses in wartime or if such a virus could
be termed "good", this book will give you some food for thought. Sanders
makes use of computer "worms" when the oppressed people of the US attack
the federal government in an all-out war against tyranny. Sanders uses
his worms right too - not as some all-powerful monster. Rather, they are
deployed as part of a larger military strategy. For a book written in
1986, that's not bad!
   And if you're fed up with the government, this book is sure to give
you a vision for the future. Sanders has been part of the mounting tax
protest in this country. He's fought the IRS in court for years & won
some important battles. Unfortunately the government seems to be con-
firming some of his worst suspensions about them. Now you can get a good
dose of his philosophy & his ideas about remedying our problems. And if
you work for the government, don't be offended - this book is doubly
recommended for you!
Book, $8.00
for shipping add $2 per book. 5% sales tax for AZ. residents.
   It is my belief that in the next few years more uses for viruses
than just being a vandal will be found. Also, they may find a place
in protecting our electronic freedom. - for instance virus remailers.
Also see my previous post - The FREEDOM DEAMON. Also, they have a place
in my CHATTERBOX concept(a remailer for chat mode or commands).
"Viruses aren't just for Sociopaths anymore!"
   Also, I suspect the state may start cracking down on virus tech-
nology. Incidentally, did you all know that crypt has a place in modern
viruses? Encryption is used to hide "nasty" code & virus signatures
until they get into the system & decrypt.
                                         Yours Truly,
                                         Gary Jeffers
                                         PUSH EM BACK!  PUSH EM BACK!
                                         WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                         BBBEEEAAATTTTT  STATE  !

@_date: 1994-05-30 15:07:34
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: The Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 
THE CYPHERPUNKS' ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB)
C'punks write in sand - the cure
 sssss          aaa            nnn n          nn n n              ddd d
sss            aaa aaa         nnn nn         nnn n  n        ddd  d
 sss          aaa   aaa        nnn   nnn      nnnn           dddd
  sss        aaaaaaaaaaa       nnn     nnn    nnn  n  n        dddd
     sss    aaa       aaa      nnn       nnn  nnn  n          dddd
   sss     aaa         aaa     nnn         nn nn  nn       ddd dddd  d d
sss       aaa           aaa    nnn           nnn  nn      dd   dddd
         aaa             aaa   nnn            nnnn       ddd dddd   dd
                           THE CURE
   Ok, its not quite as bad as that but its bad! As we all know the
Cypherpunks' list is not archived, indexed, or hard back bound.
Information that cannot be found is useless. Tim May has recently
volunteered to make a list of privacy software. Congratulations for
that! That is certainly a step in the right direction. I don't wish to
be overly critical of the Cypherpunks' list as it is surely the best
electronic privacy list & better than any corresponding newsgroup
on the Internet. I am merely pointing out a solution to its greatest
deficiencies & how to greatly improve it. I have an idea (CEB) that
would get us a very workable knowledge base fast.
   First, it is not that practical to archive the list. Its too big, no
one wants to do it, too much of it is junk, & files that are valuable
today are time dependent & become tomorrow's junk. The only good
reasons for archiving the whole list are for history & entertainment.
   My idea for a good Cypherpunk knowledge base is a "Cypherpunks'
Electronic Book" ("CEB") that would have named chapters that are
indexed, refereed, & continuously updated. Contributors would have their
items signed. These chapters would consist of:
1. List of privacy software & locations.
2. State of the Art.
3. Current significant problems.
4. Capabilities & Dreams  (things we can do, things we want to be
   able to do).
5. Reputations of people by name, their products & achievements.
6. PGP's state of affairs.
All chapters would be refereed & all chapters of large size would
be indexed. There would be a collective index for the whole CEB.
              LIST OF PRIVACY SOFTWARE & LOCATIONS
   In the software listing, in addition to listing where software can
be found, we could also have reviews by Cypherpunks so we could know
each package's quality.
                    STATE OF THE ART
   In the State of the Art chapter, we would list only the best
software of its kind. It would of course include reviews of each piece &
its fitness for its job. Each piece would be indexed by name, category,
& author.
                   CURRENT SIGNIFICANT PROBLEMS
   In the Current significant problem's chapter, we would have a list of
the particular current problems as well as general problems to solve
& tactics for carrying out the Cypherpunks' mission. We could list
who was working on these problems & how far they had gotten. We could
also state a difficulty level to each problem. Many problems would be
only partially solved or solved in a not entirely satisfactory way. For
those hoping to make contributions to electronic privacy, this chapter
would provide a list of targets.
                     CAPABILITIES & DREAMS
   In the Capabilities & Dreams chapter, we would have a compilation
of things that we are currently able to do as well as things that we
hope to be able to do in the future. A good example is how far we are
with anonymous digital money. Is anybody actually using it? Do we have
useable money systems available but unused? Do we have users beating
down our doors for a working digital money system not yet developed?
Do we have anonymous digital barter & what is being bartered?
   REPUTATIONS OF PEOPLE BY NAME, THEIR PRODUCTS & ACHIEVEMENTS
   The reputations chapter is a much needed who's who of the electronic
privacy world. We would know who had made heavy contributions to
electronic privacy & who the proven capable are. Much needed recognition
would be provided to the productive. This chapter would serve as a
reputations grade lister for the more outstanding people. I would also
suggest that their public keys, if any, be included. This chapter would
provide some much needed justice.
                    PGP'S STATE OF AFFAIRS
   PGP in its various versions is a topic that rates its own chapter
in CEB. What versions are compatible? What versions are good? What
versions are endorsed by Phil Zimmerman? For what versions do we have
source code? What versions are legal & where? The PGP versions would
require some thoughtful indexing. Then, there are the patches to PGP
versions to make them compatible with other versions & for bug fixes
& upgrades.
          THE CEB WOULD BE WRITTEN QUICKLY & WOULD GROW
   This Cypherpunks' Electronic Book could be written very quickly. It
would be written in parallel with many Cypherpunks writing in different
sections in different chapters. We would not have to start out big. The
first edition could be a high quality booklet. New editions could be
published weekly or even daily due to the fact that its medium is
electronic. The booklet would have immediate value with its first
edition as permanent continuously updated sources of electronic privacy
knowledge are badly needed. I would suggest that Tim May could be one
of the first writers with his software list. In order to get something
published early, Tim could list only the best of the software in the
first edition. It would be good if Tim could have a critique to go with
each software piece.
        CEB - CURRENT, CONTINUOUSLY UPDATED, & REFEREED
   As far as I know, the Cypherpunks' Electronic Book would be the only
current, continuously updated, refereed electronic privacy knowledge
base on the Internet. As various Cypherpunk writers contributed to it
it would grow in value. It would become THE electronic communications
privacy knowledge base.
            MAJORDOMO IS THE TOOL
   We could use Majordomo as the book's distributor. With some small
modifications, Majordomo could do a lot for us. I would suggest that
Majordomo be modified so that it advertised CEB by name with each
query. The CEB would be available from Majordomo as one of its files
with the full instruction: get cypherpunks CEB . When the CEB became
very large individual chapters could be offered. Each chapter would
have its own index. There would be a collective index for the whole CEB.
            MAJORDOMO DISTRIBUTES AUTOMATICALLY
   Majordomo could also be programmed to send out a Majordomo file every
week that explained how to use Majordomo & what it had to offer. This
would keep newbies from asking a lot of questions. Our Majordomo would
also develop a reputation as the distributor of the Internet's best
knowledge base for crypt software locations, evaluations & electronic
privacy concerns. Later, Majordomo could be programmed to automatically
send out daily or weekly updated versions of the Cypherpunks' Electronic
Book to related interest groups such as Sci.Crypt & Politics.Crypt.
Note: From this point on in the text, I will use the term CEB to denote
Cypherpunks' Electronic Book.
        CEB WOULD BE *THE* REFERENCE KNOWLEDGE BASE
   CEB would be THE reference for the statuses for all the Cypherpunks'
concerns. Researchers would know immediately what the status was of
their area of work. People who wanted to use electronic privacy products
would know what the best products were, where to find them, & what their
capabilities were. C'punks wanting to make a contribution to the tech-
nology would find where the significant problems were & what needed to
be done. People wanting to find out the reputation & products of a
C'punk could do so quickly. The location of everything of current
value to electronic privacy could quickly be found in CEB.
      CEB IS A BADLY NEEDED COUNTERPART TO THE CYPHERPUNKS' LIST
   CEB is a badly needed counterpart to the Cypherpunks' list. Our
list is disorderly, huge, & things get lost in it. For instance, recent-
ly, there was a post about PGS (pretty good PGP shell). It was stated
that PGS was a very good product. But, if we are distracted by interest-
ing threads & monthes pass, we might have a terrible time finding PGS.
With a well indexed CEB, we would immediately find PGS. Another example
is WNSTORM. This is a greatly needed piece of software. After some
months pass, we may wonder "is WNSTORM any good?", "who wrote it?",
"where can I find it?", "what was its name?", "has it solved the patter-
ened lower order bits problem?", "has it been obsoleted by another
steganography program?".With a good CEB, we could immediately know the
answers to these questions. Another example is the Windows implemen-
tation of PGP. I only found out about it because I made a post suggest-
ing that a good Windows implementation of PGP could greatly popularize
encryption. Julietta, then sent another post saying that that software
had not been done well from a user friendly point of view. Is Julietta
right? Is it user unfriendly or not? With a refereed CEB we would know.
With a comprehensive CEB, I would have known of its existance.
               CEB WOULD BE "FINISHED" & PROFESSIONAL
   The CEB would constitute a "finished" product. It would look pro-
fessional, refereeing would guarantee its quality, & it would have a
feeling of completeness magnitudes beyond the list. It would also give
experienced & skilled Cypherpunks their own medium without being swamp-
ed out by the work of the less capable - a joy for the Elite & Elitists!
                        CEB CAN START NOW
   All that it takes to start CEB is some cooperation from Eric Hughes
in making some changes to Majordomo & in appointing referees. We've
got the material to start typing immediately. CEB can start out as a
high quality booklet. It will grow as C'punks add to it & we might very
well wind up selling yearly editions of it to Loompanics & other quality
pubs. Possibly, later, CEB could finance the Cypherpunks' mailing list.
Many capable C'punks are tired of having their best work buried & would
gladly contribute to CEB. Anybody got any ideas?
                                                     Yours Truly,
                                                     Gary Jeffers
                                                     Cypherpunk
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-05-30 15:36:13
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 
Please see my current post of the truncated subject title:
The Cypherpunks' Electronic Bo         Yours Truly,
                                        Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-05-31 12:30:29
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book2 
CYPHERPUNKS' ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB) 2
Dear Cypherpunks,
   Well, my evil plan to volunteer Eric Hughes's time  for my
Cypherpunk's Electronic Book has not worked out as well as I had hoped
but somewhat as I had expected. Eric, it is crucial to the project that
you give out permissions for some people to change Majordomo, possibly
make a few changes in the Cypherpunks' mailing list, & possibly appoint
a few people as referees. I realize that you are quite busy & that your
time is valuable but it looks like there will be other people to handle
the technical details. I think CEB can progress with a very small amount
of your time. I think that you will agree that CEB is quite valuable &
I think that you will be proud of the results.
   Robert Hayden has volunteered to make the changes in Majordomo & do
the file handling work. This is the most crucial technical work to be
done. This will setup the actual mechanics of the CEB. Robert says that
this is all he has time for. Well, this is a lot! With Eric's per-
missions, Robert's technical work, a description of how to contribute
to CEB & possibly some writers' contributions to seed to CEB, I think
CEB will generate a life of its own.
   Once CEB gets going, most of the work will be done by the referees
& writers. The contributors will be doing just what they like to be
doing anyway. The most difficult part will be in just getting it
started. I think that, once it gets going, everybody will want to get
on the bandwagon.
   Robert Lau has volunteered to donate his Cypherpunks' archives. Due
to the nature of the CEB, we will not need them early on. However, they
may be very valuable to researchers working on projects. Later, people
looking for a project for CEB may want to comb them for projects.
  Thanks to the C'punks who have volunteered to help with the project.
Eric, would it be alright for Robert Hayden to make some changes to
Majordomo & perhaps the mailing list? I don't know what all he will need
to do. Robert Hayden will probably need to talk to you. Also, once Mr.
Hayden has started work, maybe others will volunteer to help him.
                                                   Yours Truly,
                                                   Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-05-31 19:32:34
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 3 
Cypherpunks' Electronic Book (CEB) 3
   Eric Blossom suggests that I could do the CEB job myself by using
procmail or Perl & by subscribing a new user that points at my mail
processing code & no changes need to be made to Majordomo. Well, he
certainly makes it sound easy. However my computer skills are:
arguably an expert in Assembler for 80x86 chips; fairly expert at the
DOS operating system; very good with DOS Batch files; & at one time
rather good with C but now quite rusty. I can get around on the Internet
but am not an Internet guru. As for Perl, I would probably cast it
before swines. I don't know the languages or protocols or mechanics
of the Internet to do it myself. I was hoping to provoke an Internet
guru to do this.
   Robert Hayden wants to know what the extent of his involvement in
this project would be. Well, I would say just writing the code & setting
up a new account. Eric Blossom makes it sound easy. However, Robert
suggests that an administrator would be needed. This could even be more
serious. I suspect Eric Hughes would not see it as just a minor ex-
pansion of his Cypherpunk list duties - but that was what I was orig-
inally hoping for. - would Eric? (shields up!).
   At this point, I would say that we would need an Internet guru to
shepherd this project & we may need an administrator too. I have no idea
how heavy the duties of an administrator would be. Anybody have any
suggestions or want to volunteer? Also, we probably need someone
capable of making an assessment of what is needed.
                                                    Yours Truly,
                                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-05-31 20:17:20
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' Electronic Book 4 
Cypherpunks' Electronic Book (CEB) 4
   Martin Janzen suggests using World Wide Web (WWW) to support &
distribute the CEB. I am not at all familiar with WWW but hopefully its
good. My concern with this distributed organization is that CEB could
be controlled by the Cypherpunks' List & that all additions & changes
to CEB would be refereed. No unauthorized changes would be made.
   As for updates, the point of CEB is to be made up of the most recent
knowledge. People concerned with an area of electronic privacy & making
contributions to the CEB would naturally update the CEB whenever they
ran into new developments. People who wanted to read the CEB would be
assured that by the nature of the CEB, what they found there would be
the latest & the current best.
   Martin suggests that the CEB could be on several servers. I would
suggest, then, that they be on different servers by chapter. Referees
who are interested in particular chapters could maintain & administer
that chapter. This could mean very little administration by Eric
Hughes (cringe).
   For those who are kindly offering their archives of Cypherpunks'
list, they are not needed now, but if & when the CEB gets established,
it would be good to have your names on the CEB as archivists.
                                         Yours Truly,
                                         Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-06-01 18:50:35
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 5 - The Hangover 
Cypherpunks' Electronic Book (CEB) part 5 - the hangover.
   Tim May writes on & on & on about my failure to write the CEB.
Hey, just where did I pick up GUILT? I had a really great idea for
Cypherpunks that I also felt was a glaring omission of Cypherpunks'.
I wrote up the idea as best as I could & tried to interest some com-
petent C'punk to do it. I thought I did a really good job of writing
up the idea. Unfortunately, I lack the skills to write the particular
code to do the idea. Its sort of like bringing home a rabbit for supper
& everybody dumps on you cause it wasn't a moose. What kind of guilt do
you dump on people who actually do bad things?
   Admittedly, implementing the idea is magnitudes more work that get-
ting the idea. However, it was a great idea & why should I suppress it
because I personally couldn't implement it? No doubt, great ideas fall
from Tim May like rain from the skies & he considers them cheap if not
nuisances. However, in most of the world, they are in short supply & are
considered valuable.
   I have discovered that the idea of bunches of creative, skilled
programmers with lots of time on their hands is a myth. I guess they
all manage to figure out something worth while to write. Originally, I
had thought that there would be at least one of them around looking
for something worthy to do.
   Myself, I am busy trying to figure out what I'm doing wrong in using
Turbo Debugger to examine the transient part of a TSR, debugging a new
version of my shareware program, & then I will be busy converting my
shareware program to a version that I can donate to the Cypherpunks.
And I have my regular 40 hour a week job. I don't have loads of spare
time for CEB either.
   I believe that I have described a very worthwhile project for anyone
who wants to do it. I have a lot of hope that someone will do it later.
I don't think its going to be forgotten. I would like to thank the
people who supported the idea. CEB doesn't look like it is going to
happen soon but if Cypherpunks grows, I think it is inevitable that it
will happen.
   As for Tim May's FAQ project, I have some suggestions. I've noticed
that since Majordomo was implemented we seem to have much fewer requests
to Cypherpunks to unsubscribe. This may just be an artifact of Major-
domo's having unsubscribed all the subscribers & only the determined
resubscribed. Or maybe people are using Majordomo to unsubscribe & to
subscribe. Anyway, if Majordomo could be slightly reprogrammed to
advertise your FAQ anytime a user used the default salutation to
Majordomo such as a blank file or whatever, it would help.
   By using Majordomo you could actually have lots of people aware of
your FAQ & using it rather than just having your accomplishment laying
around gathering dust. I would also suggest that Majordomo be programmed
to post its basic capabilities to the list at least every week so that
everybody would have the basic knowledge to explore the Cypherpunk FAQs
& know the basics that they are expected to know.
   But, Tim, if you decide you want this done - do it yourself. You
just have no idea how you get dumped on when you suggest others do
it for you! :-)
                                         Yours Truly,
                                         Gary Jeffers
                                     PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                     WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                     BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE !

@_date: 1994-06-04 16:44:22
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 6 the Unpleasantness 
Cypherpunks' Electronic Book (CEB) 6 the Unpleasantness.
As badly as it was received, you should be proud to take the blame!
But no, I don't blame you.
"Flaky ranters like you"? Now, you have lost your pretense of criticism
of an idea & have gotten to your real agenda - attack on my person -
you sorry fuck. (my turn) :-)
& now after your heroic self control has been taxed to the max, You are
007 - Licensed to be nasty! a small max really, made for offense
   I have not followed your dysfunctional relationships with your
buddies Detweiler & Hettinga, but do feel free to keep them to your-
self. Are you trying disingenuously to identify me with these people?
They say that if you squint your eyes just right & long enough, dogs
look look much like Adolph Hitler. So, Tim, why don't you go out & find
one, squat, & squint till you notice the resemblance? :-) That's a
joke Tim.
   But in a more serious vein Tim (preferable a major one), I thought
your bad experience with the Extropians would have kept you from assaulting
-ing people with claims of being elements in a class based on flimsy
comparisons. You remember when your candy ass got chased off the
Extropians' list with allegations of your being a fascist. But, of
course, that would have scared anyone: a bunch of savage Extropians
writing Fascist! Fascist! Fascist! :-)
   Note: There is no covert meaning to the above paragraph. I really was
naive in thinking that they might not have their time fully occupied
with projects.
Mocking other peoples' hurt feelings can get you into places where your
own delicate feelings get hurt.
Tim, for a guy who doesn't care about other peoples' hurt feelings, you
have got real thin skin.
   Its surprising to me that my CEB plan got such bad reviews. I got my
idea flamed by a lot of C'punks but life is tough. You present an idea
& its not necessarily going to get accepted. You take a chance. But
that is fair. I carry no grudge against the other C'punks. Tim May,
however, is different. He criticized ME! & he was so unpleasant!
Now we find out how Tim likes the intentionally unpleasant.
   I don't know Tim May very well but I've noticed he gets into a lot of
flame wars. Could this be his M O?: Get into an argument with a victim
over a matter of fact, then slyly turn it into an attack on the person
without losing the applause of the gallery? Also, I don't like his
shrill strident manner.
   I don't like a bully. When I run into one, I like to make sure he
takes a few lumps too!
                                            Yours Truly,
                                            Gary Jeffers
                                     PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                     WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                     BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE !

@_date: 1994-06-15 12:53:38
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks' mail database does exist 
Vincent, you  state that a fully archived, indexed cypherpunks
mailing list exists as:
Ok, so I ftp'ed to pmip.maricopa.edu & tried to get to cypherpunks.src,
but even the subdirectories weren't there. I suspect that http does
not imply that we ftp. What communication method is this called & how
do we use it? I send this public instead of private as I suspect that
a lot of lurkers don't know what is going on either.
                                                       Yours Truly,
                                                       Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-07-16 14:03:53
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: www for cypherpunks' collection 
At the location:
is the location of all the Cypherpunks' posts with index. I can
get to this place by placing a "www" in front of this instruction.
However, then, their are no "hyper" keys to push. Some key words are
listed but I don't know how to use them to get info..
Anyone familiar with www & got some answers?.
                                    Yours Truly,
                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-07-20 18:26:11
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: *comeon 
Connie Sadler is quite displeased at what Berzerk finds delightful.
I would not call this list a boys' club but the vast majority is male.
People talk to please themselves. This list is statistically unusual.
We have lots of guys, minarchists, anarchists, eccentrics, & tech-
heads. We kinds of people are amused at what berzerk finds amusing. I
doubt that Sadler's principles are offended, but rather her interests.
If fun had been poked at guys then she would have been amused. In the
US women are accorded special rights at being a "victimized group".
There are many places that your interests will be specially catered to.
The Cypherpunks' list is just about as "politically incorrect" as you
can get & we like it this way.
   We are sick of being censored & vilified by society at large. We
also do not like our rights of freedom of association being trampled.
Your demands that your sensibilities be respected is a demand that our
speech be censored.
   We would be quite pleased by any contributions to the Cypherpunks'
cause that you have to offer. But you will not get a good reception
here by demanding rights that you believe are awarded to state
certified "victims" groups.
  Of course, I'm not really familiar with you. Possibly you think of
yourself more as an individual than as a member of a particular group &
possibly you will be an asset to Cypherpunks & your first post was
not representative of yourself. In that case, we would be pleased to
have your company.
                                            Wishing for the best,
                                            Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-07-21 17:38:42
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: comeon** 
Lefty says I don't have the wit to speak for him. It would take no
wit - just a person with the tastes of a bottom feeder. Lefty, aren't
you the little shit who brutally flamed  Nobody for using a pseudonym?
Lefty? is that your first or last name? Do you have a last name? Are
you sure? Say, hero, what is your true name?
   Lefty, do I have you all wrong, or are you one of those guys who
hang back from a fight till you see your opponent is outnumbered?
                                      PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                      WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                      BBBEEEAAATTTT   STATE!

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:04:02
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 7 - its alive! Cypherpunks' Electronic Book. 
CEB 7 CYPHERPUNKS' ELECTRONIC BOOK - its still alive!
   Not long ago someone sent me private email volunteering a workstation
to handle the CEB. I have stupidly lost the post. After several hours of
hunting thru my unindexed Cypherpunk archives - no luck. Will that
person please email me again with CEB in the header?
   Also, I have a very well qualified volunteer to do the editing of
CEB. Hopefully, he may know how to program it as well. I am going to
maintain a list of people with different skills who would like to work
on the CEB. Anybody would would like to help please post either to me
or to Cypherpunks with CEB in the header.
   Also, would the people who have archieved Cypherpunks' lists please
respond as well.
                                  PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                  WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                  BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                  Yours Truly,
                                  Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-07-25 19:47:13
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 7 - Cypherpunks' Electronic Book - its still alive! 
CEB 7 CYPHERPUNKS' ELECTRONIC BOOK - its still alive!
   Not long ago someone sent me private email volunteering a workstation
to handle the CEB. I have stupidly lost the post. After several hours of
hunting thru my unindexed Cypherpunk archives - no luck. Will that
person please email me again with CEB in the header?
   Also, I have a very well qualified volunteer to do the editing of
CEB. Hopefully, he may know how to program it as well. I am going to
maintain a list of people with different skills who would like to work
on the CEB. Anybody would would like to help please post either to me
or to Cypherpunks with CEB in the header.
   Also, would the people who have archieved Cypherpunks' lists please
respond as well.
                                  PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                  WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                  BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                  Yours Truly,
                                  Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-08 12:54:34
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: *credit info 
*CREDIT CARD INFO
  " Among other faults, being disarmed causes you to be despised."
- close quote of Machiavelli.
   According to Chariman Mao "Political Power grows out of the barrel
of a gun." In which case wouldn't a democracy be made by widely
distributed, numerous, individual owned, Non-confiscable
weapons, & other "democracies" would be mere frauds?
   In Missouri, in order to get your driver's license, you MUST supply
your SSN. They have signs that say that since driving is a "privilege",
not a right, it is ok to require the SSN. I understand that this
practice is spreading to other states as well & is being pushed sy-
stematically by the feds. Funny, when they 1st started out social
security, they promised that the SSN would never be used for purposes
other than social security. Then again, when they first started out the
federal income tax they promised that it would only be on the rich &
would never be more than a few %. Don't they also promise that the
National census would only be used for statistical purposes, Yet I
believe that it has been used to track down "dead beat dads" among
other things. I'm not clear on that.
Will walking be our next "privilege"? I've never seen it expressed
legally as a right.
                 OTHER LAW DEVELOPMENTS
   On the CRUSADERS news program on tv last night, they reported that
a Ca. city, I believe Palo Alto, has been enforcing traffic law, such
as revoked licenses & drunk driving, by taking the drivers' cars.
They brag that the program pays for itself. They think that it
is a bright innovation & are promoted it for other jurisdictions as
well. Very clever, stealing peoples' property to enforce law. Reminds
me when the law 1st started doing "sting" operations & bragged that
they were terribly clever - participating in crime to catch criminals.
The criticism of entrapment now has mostly been forgotten.
                  STALKING LAWS
   By the way, these current stalking laws - whats up? The utility of a
stalking law is so obvious, that in the U.S.'es 200 + year history they
could not possibly be overlooked. Therefore, their faults must be
being purposely overlooked. Media conspiracy? population stupidity?
both? No debate - strange.
                               Yours Truly,
                               Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-08 17:50:14
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: e$ barter & sub(parasites) 
My congraulations to Hal for his contribution to the e$... thread
with his barter text. My congradulations to Peace for his contributions
to the e$ thread with his barter & parasite text.
Hal says: ----------------------------------------------------------
Peace says:*******************************************************
- - -
   They have demonstrated that the Fed state will not tolerate an alt-
ternate cash system & repeatedly kill them. This is because they know
that an alternate cash system could be easily fashioned to kill them.
- as though there was any benefit to keeping the giant Federal parasite
   They have also demonstrated that the only in-US alternate cash system
that will survive is an alternate cash system that will florish without
the Feds permission. This implies anonymous e$ with encryption & remail-
ers. Chaum's e$ with an offshore clearinghouse comes to mind.
   I thought Peace'es more accurate description of a parasite & his
characterization of the Fed State as a parasite were particularly NICE:-
:-)  : -) :-)   :-)
   There are other evils of this monocash system. 1. It allows elite in-
siders to profit from secret Federal Reserve moves. 2 It allows a privat
organization (the Federal Reserve) to manipulate the US'es money system.
3. It is an anti-freedom monopoly of cash. 4. It kills experiments with
superior cash systems that would proliferate otherwise. & 5.It supresses
script driven barter systems that circumvent the frequent low volocity
problems with other instruments that is in conventional systems.-Some-
times most people hold their cash & wait for a buyer (with cash) before
they spend. That way everybody is waiting for someone to buy from them
before they buy. With script driven barter systems, you make script
by providing something. To restate this more clearly, in barter systems
business activity is encouraged. - The increased volocity of "cash"
is encouraged. Deals are more fluidly made & business (tranactions) are
                                       PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                       WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                       BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-08-15 21:14:37
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: PGP2.1 last pgp version not broken? rumors 
PGP versions after 2.1 broken?
   In conversation with a student computer site manager, I was told that
all pgp versions after pgp2.1 had been broken. I pressed the kid for
info.. He said that the matter had been settled on "alt.2600" & on
"sci.cryptology". This is probably just loose talk but if anybody would
like they could issue a challenge on these 2 newsgroups.  It might help
to squash rumors. I could get no more info. out of him.
                                          Yours Truly,
                                          Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-23 18:34:50
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 8 - I GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE TO DO IT MYSELF! 
CYPHER_REBELS" ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB) 8 - I GUESS I'LL JUST HAVE TO DO
 IT MYSELF!
Fellow Cyphers - rebel/punks,
  I have decided to do the CEB myself. I am going to post it on
Cypherpunks about once a month & on other lists as well. The CEB will
exist as an often updated & posted file. I now need contributions
of text.
   I need the WNSTROM steganography program internet source location &
a concise write up of it. I also need the same for PG shell program. I
also need a concise write up of how to use remailers, how to chain
them, etc..
  The CEB will be an up to date source to show locations of best
privacy software, essential information, & electronic privacy concerns.
                                            PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                            WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                            BBBEEEAAAATTTT   STATE!

@_date: 1994-08-29 12:30:26
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Using remailers, chained remailers? 
Hello Cypherpunks,
   Could anyone give me a concise post on how to use remailers &
chained remailers? Or an ftp site where I can download the info.?
                                                Thank You,
                                                Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-29 13:38:11
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: MIT PGP - PGP UI - VIACRYPT mime 
Question concerning MIT PGP 6.2 & PGP 6.2 ui. If it is known that
the PGP that encrypted a msg is one of these two versions, then can
it be determined which of these two versions did the encrypting?
Also, can it be determined that it was not VIACRYPT that did it.
Note: If it can be determined that PGP 6.2 ui did it, then it might
be a neat trick to change the ui version to mimic either of the
other two at user command.
                                                    Yours Truly,
                                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-31 11:10:08
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Arizona State Email Non-Privacy Policy 
I have some problems with this: "It is their equipment and you are
working on their time". Govt property is stolen property. To agree
that you are dealing with their property & their time is to confer
legitimacy on their theft.
  I have problems with this: "...and within their rights." The relation-
ship between rights & legal rights of the state is something like that
of turtle soup to" real mock turtle soup".
   I don't wish to flame you, but if we confer legitimacy to the state
thru our common conversation then it will be hard to free ourselves.
                                        PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                        WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                        BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                        Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-08-31 11:21:08
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Government and Repression 
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh writes                                               ind!
   I disagree: In the U. S. we have real repression. Current real total
taxation is approx. 45%. I believe the serfs of Europe only paid a
small amount above 1/12 of their production to their lords. That's a
little in excess of 8.3% We revolted against English rule for taxation
that was tiny compared to current burden.
   Also, we are currently starving out Iraq, Cuba, & Haiti with embargoes
as well as doing other atrocities. Our State is currently systematically
ending our freedoms & is developing Hell weapons in Black Labs for
domestic use. To say that we're ok because other oppressors are worse
than ours is slave talk.
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-09-02 11:59:47
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Arizona state email...privacy 
"Why is State property theft?" More precisely, I should
have said that govt. property is extorted rather than stolen. In a
democracy, the sham that taxes are sanctioned by the people is used to
justify state extortion of wealth - taxation. Right now, full taxation
is approx. 45% of U.S. wealth. I don't remember giving anybody the ok
to take this giant amount of money for state purposes. Even if most
people would assent to 45% taxation, there would be a large minority
that would not. Also, we don't agree where the money should be spent.
   In this giant representative democracy, policy seems to be determined
by a huge number of minorities instead of a majority. Each lobbying
group, minority political group, & ruling elite gets legislation &
policies that favor their interests. For that reason, we are governed
by huge numbers of special interests rather the "common good" as willed
by a majority.
   For that reason, we don't even meet the criteria of majority rule.
Not that I see any right that a majority has to rule us. As generally
a Liberterian & specifically an Anarchist, I don't agree to be ruled.
                                         PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                         WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                         BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                         Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-09-06 13:41:47
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB PREMEIER ISSUE PART 2 
however, can still read both formats.
Although this is annoying if you have a really old key that has lots of old
signatures on it, the fact is that the older the key, the more likely someone
has captured both it and the passphrase used to protect it.  Therefore, I
strongly recommend generating a new key and getting at least one other person
to sign it.
ARE MY OLD KEYS COMPATIBLE WITH MIT PGP 2.6?
Unless they were created with the old, non-PKCS standard (i.e., created with
PGP 2.2 or earlier, or created with PGP 2.3a with pkcs_compat set to 0), and
unless they were created with a modulus of more than 1024 bits, then they are
compatible.  If a compatible key has an incompatible signature certificate,
then the incompatible signature certificate will simply be stripped off by
PGP 2.6.  Otherwise, you can keep using your old key.  In fact, if you just
copy your key ring files to your new PGP 2.6 directory, then extract your old
key with ASCII armor, it will be indistinguishable from a PGP 2.6 key, but
have the same value, id, and signatures (assuming they were all in the PKCS
WHY DOESN'T THE MIT KEY SERVER ACCEPT KEYS FROM PGP VERSIONS < 2.4?
They don't want to be accused of contributing to the possibly infringing use
of PGP 2.3a.
WHY IS MY PGP 2.3a KEY ON THE MIT KEY SERVER?
Because the MIT key server synchronizes with several non-USA key servers that
run PGP 2.6ui or MIT PGP 2.6, and which accept keys from PGP 2.3a.  When keys
are extracted from those servers to synchronize with the MIT server, they
appear to be coming from PGP 2.6, so they are accepted.
WHY SHOULD I UPGRADE TO MIT PGP 2.6 FROM PGP 2.3a (BESIDES THE TIME BOMB)?
First of all, if you are in the USA, the patent-legal status of MIT PGP 2.6
is good for your conscience.  Second of all, there are a lot of bug fixes and
Fixed a bug with the -z  option.  If no passphrase was given,
PGP used to crash.
When using -c, the IV is generated properly now, and the randseed.bin
postwash is done.  (This bug could have resulted in the same ciphertext
being generated for the same plaintext, if the same passphrase is used.)
Memory allocated with halloc() is now freed with hfree() in ztrees.c and
zdeflate.c.  (MS-DOS only.)
The decompression code now detects end of input reliably, fixing a
bug that used to have it produce infinite amounts of output on come
corrputed input.  Decompression has also been sped up.
PGP -m won't try to write its final output to the current directory.
This makes it less efficent if you want to save the text to a file, but
more secure if you don't.
If the line
        comment=
appears in the config file, the line "Comment: " appears in
ASCII armor output.  Of course, you can also use this from the
command line, e.g. to include a filename in the ASCII armor, do
"pgp -eat +comment=filename filename recipient".
PGP now enables clearsig by default.  If you sign and ascii-armor a
text file, and do not encrypt it, it is clearsigned unless you ask
for this not to be done.
The now enables textmode.  Textmode detects non-text files and
automatically turns itself off, so it's quite safe to leave on all
the time.  If you haven't got these defaults yourself, you might
want to enable them.
All prompts and progress messages are now printed to stderr, to make them
easier to find and ensure they don't get confused with data on standard
output such as pgp -m output.
PGP now wipes temp files (and files wiped with pgp -w) with pseudo-random
data in an attempt to force disk compressors to overwrite as much data as
On Unix, if the directory /usr/local/lib/pgp exists, it is searched
fror help files, language translations, and the PGP documentation.  On
VMS, the equivalent is PGP$LIBRARY:.  (This is PGP_SYSTEM_DIR, defined
in fileio.h, if you need to change it for your site.)
Also, it is searched for a default global config.txt.  This file may
be overridden by a local config.txt, and it may not set pubring,
secring, randseed or myname (which should be strictly personal)
The normal help files (pgp -h) are pgp.hlp or .hlp, such as
fr.hlp.  Now, there is a separate help file for pgp -k, called pgpkey.hlp,
or key.hlp.  No file is provided by default; PGP will use
its one-page internal help by default, but you can create such a file
at your site.
On Unix systems, $PGPPATH defaults to $HOME/.pgp.
PGP used to get confused if you had a keyring containing signatures from
you, but not your public key.  (PGP can't use the signatures in this case.
Only signatures from keys in the keyring are counted.)
PGP still can't use the signatures, but prints better warning messages.
Also, adding a key on your secret key ring to your public keyring
now asks if the key should be considered ultimately-trusted.
Prviously, you had to run pgp -ke to force this check, which was
On Unix, PGP now figures out the resolution of the system clock at run
time for the purpose of computing the amount of entropy in keystroke
timings.  This means that on many Unix machines, less typing should be
required to generate keys.  (SunOS and Linux especially.)
The small prime table used in generating keys has been enlarged, which
should speed up key generation somewhat.
There was a bug in PGP 2.3a (and, in fact in 2.4 and dating back to 1.0!)
when generating primes 2 bits over a multiple of the unit size (16 bits
on PC's, 32 bits on most larger computers), if the processor doesn't deal
with expressions like "1<<32" by producing a result of 1.  In practice,
that corresponds to a key size of 64*x+4 bits.
At the request of Windows programmers, the PSTR() macro used to translate
string has been renamed to LANG().
The random-number code has been *thoroughly* cleaned up.  So has the
IDEA code and the MD5 code.  The MD5 code was developed from scratch and
is available for public use.
Versions prior to 2.6 would not permit a new signature to be added to a key
if there was an already existing signature from the same signer. Starting
with version 2.6 newer signatures will override older ones *as long as the
newer signature verifies*. This change is important because many keys have
signatures on them that were created by PGP version 2.2 or earlier. These
signatures can not be verified by PGP 2.5 or higher. Owners of keys with
these obsolete signatures should attempt to gather new signatures and
add them to their key.
WHY SHOULD I UPGRADE TO MIT PGP 2.6 FROM PGP 2.6ui?
If you are in the USA, PGP 2.6ui suffers from the same alledged patent
infringement problems as PGP 2.3a.  PGP 2.6ui also lacks most of the bug
fixes and enhancements listed above since PGP 2.3a, since PGP 2.6ui is
essentially just PGP 2.3a modified to accept both new and old packet version
bytes (2 and 3).
On the other hand, if you are outside of the USA and Canada, you should be
careful not to offend the U. S. Department of State, Office of Defense Trade
Controls, by exporting MIT PGP 2.6 from the USA or Canada.  I suppose that
you wouldn't break U. S. law if you got a copy of MIT PGP 2.6 that someone
else exported, or you could get a copy of the PGP 2.6ui (that originated in
Great Britain) if you don't care about the enhancements listed above, or if
you want to be able to use 1264-bit keys.  Note that if you use MIT PGP 2.6
in most countries, you are still bound by the RSAREF license because of the
copyright law, and you are still limited in some countries to noncommercial
use of PGP by the IDEA patent (unless you get a license from ETH Zurich).
IS THERE AN EVIL PLOT, BACK DOOR, OR INTENTIONAL WEAKNESS IN MIT PGP 2.6?
Not that I am aware of.  It ships with source code, and I didn't see any way
to hide such a thing in the source code that I looked at.  Besides, if you
really knew Phil Zimmermann, you would know just how repugnant such an idea
is to him.
IS THERE A LEGAL VERSION OF PGP FOR COMMERCIAL USE IN EUROPE?
Not yet.  To do that, you would have to (1) arrange to license the use of
IDEA from ETH Zurich or wait for the coming triple-DES option in PGP, and (2)
use the original (PGP 2.3a or 2.6ui) RSA code linked in with the new PGP (to
avoid restrictions on the copyrighted RSAREF code).  There is also the
possibility of other local laws, such as those in France, restricting use of
strong cryptography.
IS THERE A LEGAL VERSION OF PGP FOR COMMERCIAL USE IN THE USA & CANADA?
Yes.  Use Viacrypt PGP for any commercial or personal use in the USA and
Canada.  I understand that there are some BSAFE-based PGP versions for
commercial use in the USA, too, but you need to check with Philip Zimmermann
on that to make sure that all of the copyright and licensing issues are
handled properly.
WHAT EXACTLY IS COMMERCIAL USE?
I don't have an exact definition.  Use some common sense.  Are you encrypting
sales reports, business plans, contract bidding information, and proprietary
designs?  Are your money making operations aided by the use of PGP?  If so,
and if one is available to you, you should buy the fully licensed commercial
SINCE VIACRYPT PGP SHIPS WITH NO SOURCE, HOW DO I KNOW IT IS OK?
Philip Zimmermann wrote or examined all of the source code.  He says it is
OK, so I trust him.  I guess you have to decide for yourself.
IS IT OK TO BUY VIACRYPT PGP, THEN USE MIT PGP FOR COMMERCIAL USE?
RSADSI/PKP says it is not.  On the other hand, since their only recourse is
to sue you for damages, and since such a plan results in exactly the same
revenue they would have if you did what they wanted, there are no damages to
sue for.  Personally, I use Viacrypt PGP except when beta testing PGP.
IS THERE AN INTERCHANGE PROBLEM WITH THE DIFFERENT RSA ENGINES IN PGP?
Fortunately, there is no problem interchanging RSA encrypted packets between
original PGP, Viacrypt Digi-Sig, RSAREF, and BSAFE versions.  They all do the
same RSA computations.  They are all different implementations of the same
basic algorithm with a different legal status for each of them, which changes
depending on what country you are in.  The only annoyance is that unmodified
copies of RSAREF and BSAFE can't handle more than 1024 bit RSA keys, but that
isn't much of a problem (IMHO).
HOW DO I UPGRADE FROM VIACRYPT PGP 2.4 TO VIACRYPT PGP 2.7
Call 800-536-2664 with your registration number, name, address, and credit
card number handy.  Hey, it is only US$10.  No, I don't work for Viacrypt,
nor do I get a commission on sales -- I just use Viacrypt PGP.
WHERE DO I GET MIT PGP 2.6?
By ftp:
  ftp://net-dist.mit.edu/pub/PGP/mitlicen.txt
  ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README.MPJ
  ftp://ftp.wimsey.bc.ca/pub/crypto/software/README
  ftp://ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/pub/virus/crypt/pgp/
  Look for the files pgp26.zip, pgp26src.zip, and pgp26src.tar.gz.
  Colorado Catacombs BBS 303-772-1062 (free -- log in with your name)
  Hieroglyphics Voodoo Machine 303-443-2457 (log in as VOO DOO, password NEW)
  Download PGP26.ZIP, and for source, PGP26SRC.ZIP.
  Use IBMFF to look for PGP26.ZIP and PGP26S.ZIP.
For a longer list, see the daily and montly postings on alt.security.pgp, or
get ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/getpgp.asc
WHAT KNOWN BUGS ARE IN MIT PGP 2.6?
The function xorbytes doesn't.  Replace the = with ^= to fix it.  The effect
of this bug is that RSA keys aren't quite as random as they should be --
probably not a practical problem, but worth fixing if you are going to
compile the code yourself.
DON'T SET PGPPASS when editing your keys, because if you do, and if you don't
change your pass phrase, the key is lost.  (If this happens, rename your
backup keyring files to the primary files before you do anything else).
These bugs have been fixed in the master source code, and will be corrected
in the next release of MIT PGP.
WHAT IS COMING IN FUTURE VERSIONS OF PGP?
I won't steal the thunder from Philip Zimmermann, Jeff Schiller, Colin Plumb,
and the rest of the team, but there is some neat stuff that they are working
on.  Transition from MIT PGP 2.6 and Viacrypt PGP 2.7 to the newer versions
will be easier than transitions from other versions.
If you have enhancements and suggestions for the PGP team, I suggest you
coordinate with them so that your ideas can be integrated with the main PGP
WHERE DO I REPORT BUGS IN PGP?
Please send bug reports, bug fixes, ports to new platforms, and suggestions
to pgp-bugs
WHERE DO I SEND OR FIND LANGUAGE KITS?
If you have a language kit to share, you can also send it to me at
mpj for me to post on ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/, as well as sending
it to some of the other PGP sites.
IS PHILIP ZIMMERMANN STILL THE SUBJECT OF AN INVESTIGATION?
Yes.  He is still paying a lawyer lots of money to represent him, too.  If you
like PGP, then I would strongly suggest sending a donation to his defense
fund at:
   Philip Zimmermann defense fund
   c/o Philip Dubois
   2305 Broadway
   Boulder, Colorado 80304
   USA
CAN I REDISTRIBUTE THIS FILE?
Permission is hereby granted to freely redistribute unmodified copies of this
PGP signed file.
                  ___________________________________________________________
                                                           |
\  /| |        | Michael Paul Johnson  Colorado Catacombs BBS 303-772-1062 |
 \/ |o|        | PO Box 1151, Longmont CO 80502-1151 USA   Jesus is alive! |
    | | /  _   | mpj aka mpj m.p.johnson       |
    |||/  /_\  | ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README.MPJ          CIS: 71331,2332 |
    |||\  (    | ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/README.MPJ  -. --- ----- ....|
    ||| \ \_/  | PGPprint=F2 5E A1 C1 A6 CF EF 71  12 1F 91 92 6A ED AE A9 |
 Chapter 2. Steganography "A picture is worth a thousand words."
                   =============================================
    %%             =             !I                            =
   %% %%%          =           !!!                 BB          =
  %%%* *%%%%       =        **!!**                &            =
  ***           =       u   \  x!             ) <           =
   *  ***          +   m              )         c   $          =
    **             =   #               k        }             =
                  =    $%-            &         u    =        =
 -------           =             +e$            ~    #      =
                  =       h      6&                ;    |    =
                  =         =,#                       {{      =
                  =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =============================================
                         STILL LIFE WITH CRYPT
                   +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Steganography is the craft of hiding messages in pictures. The text is,
of course, encrypted text rather than plain text.
The current best steganography program has been done by Arsen Arachelian
Below, follows his text contribution:
WNSTORM is available from:
Usual routine to get it. i.e. cd /pub/crypto/software, get the README
file, and if you agree to the terms then follow the instructions.
Short description off the top of my head (I wrote the beastie)  Another
info scrap should be in the same directory as WNSTORM.
WNSTORM is a data encryption/steganography utility which is pretty secure for
most uses.  Unlike some stego systems WNSTORM is expandible, all you have to
do is write your own LSB injector/extractor for whatever data format you wish
to hide information into.
WNSTORM doesn't require the recipient of the host picture, sound, movie, etc.
to have the original un-stormed picture.  Unlike primitive stego programs,
WNSTORM doesn't compare an stormed picture with an unstormed picture.
WNSTORM will cover its tracks statistically.  If it changes a 0 bit in the
LSB data stream to a zero, or a 1 bit to a 1, it does nothing.  If it changes
a 1 bit to a zero, it will balance itself by changing an unused adjacent 0
bit to a 1.  Ditto for a 0->1 transform.
WNSTORM will NOT change every bit of the LSB in order to prevent detection.
It will use a passkey along with a probabilistic algorithm to decide which
bits it will change.  The algorithm for picking bits depends on the previous
succesfully encoded/decoded cyphertext AND the passkey.
Internally WNSTORM works by picking "windows" or "packets" of bytes out of
either a random number stream or an LSB stream extracted from a picture,
sound, movie, etc.  It then injects eight bits of cyphertext into this window.
Each window is of variable size.  The bit locations where the bits are inserted
are randomly exchanged for each pass.  The bit values are also randomly
exchanged for each pass.
WNSTORM includes an injector/extractor for PCX images, however I will write
more injecotr/extractor programs for it in the future, and OTHERS can do so
as well.
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP.
Section 1. David Merriman's WinPGP26.ZIP
I've just finished making an ftp deposit to soda in the cypherpunks/
 incoming directory of WinPGP26.ZIP; it's the latest version of the
 Windows PGP shell Shareware, and understands 2.6/2.6ui/2.7.
Dave Merriman
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Announcing PGP WinFront 3.0
A freeware Windows front end for PGP 2.3a and 2.6
Copyright 1994 Ross Barclay (rbarclay
WHAT IT IS:
        - PGP WinFront is the most fully featured free (or
        otherwise) Windows front end available. It will make
        using PGP easy for beginners, and it will drastically
        increase the speed at which experts use it too.
        PGP WinFront is now into is third revision and I have
        tried to implement as many of the suggestions that I
        received as possible. PGP WinFront was designed by
        its users, but was coded by me.
        Features:
        - Supports secret key ring placement on floppy drive
        - Support en/decryption to/from clipboard
        - Move / Copy / Delete files
        - Online hypertext help
        - Online hypertext PGP help
        - Keyring reader to pick names, view key characteristics
        - Keyring reader supports less-often used "huge" keyrings
        - Signature Checker
        - Very configurable - over 25 user-definable settings
        - more . . .
        This program does too much to list here. And it's free!
        This version is a complete rewrite of the popular
        PGP WinFront 2.0. The feature-set has largely been
        set by users who sent in suggestions.
        Please read the file README.TXT and peruse the help
        files. Please send me your comments.
HOW TO GET IT:
        At the moment, there are 2 ways to get this program:
        1) Via FTP
        - The PGP WinFront 3.0 filename is called PWF30.ZIP.
        - It has been uploaded to the incoming directories of
        the following FTP sites:
                ftp.cica.indiana.edu
                ftp.eff.org
                ftp.wimsey.bc.ca
                black.ox.ac.uk
                soda.berkeley.edu
                ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de
                ftp.ee.und.ac.za
                ftp.demon.co.uk
        - Hopefully, they will be slotted into the PGP directories
        soon. On CICA, it will be placed into \pub\pc\win3\utils.
        That is where PWF20.ZIP was placed.
        - Once you get the program, please upload it to other
        FTP sites!
        2) From Colorado Catacombs BBS
        - dial (303)772-1062. The file is called PWF30.ZIP
        - once you get the program, please upload it to other
        BBSs.
        *** The mail access system I had was discontinued. This is
        because the file was too big to fit into my account.
        However, you can still register PWF and request certain
        PGP and PWF related items using my mail access system.
        Details of these are on the "About" screen of PWF 30.

@_date: 1994-09-06 15:57:45
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB 1A PREMEIRE ISSUE 
CYPHER-REBELS ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB)  SEPTEMBER 05, 1994
                          LABOR DAY ISSUE
                          PREMIERE ISSUE
                    Publisher Gary Lee Jeffers
   A compendium of the best software & info for today's electronic
privacy freedom fighters. This text may be distributed in part or
in full anywhere you want. It may be given away freely or copies
may be sold. CEB wants to be free & valuable.
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1. PGP general.
Section 2: Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Chapter 2. Steganography. "A picture is worth a thousand words."
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP
Section 1. David Merriman's WinPGP26.ZIP
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
Chapter 4. Generally cool things.
Section 1. Loompanics sources.
Section 2. Viruses sources.
Chapter 5. Getting the Cypherpunks' archived & indexed list.
Chapter 6. Remailers & chained remailers.
Chapter 7. Current problems in Crypt.
 CCCCCCCCCC    YYYY   YYYY    PPPPPP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC     YY   YY       PP  PP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCC            YY  YY        PP  PP    HH    HH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC            YY YY         PPPPPP    HHHHHHHH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HHHHHHHH    EEEEEEE   RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC      YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RR RR
 CCCCCCCCCCC     YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR  RR
                              PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR   RR
    RRRRRRRRRRR                                               RR    RR
   RRRRRRRRRRRRRR                              EEEEEEEEE
   RRRRRRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBB      EEEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSS
   RRRRRRRR         EEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBBB   EE EEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
  RR   RRRR        EEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBB  EEEEEEE           SSSSSSSSS
 RRR     RRRR     EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBBB    EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSS
 RRR      RRRRR   EEEEEE        BBBBBB      EEEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEE       BBB         EEEEEEEEEEE    SSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEEEEE    BB          EEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSS
 RRRRRRR  RRRR    EEEEEEEEEE    BBB         EEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRR    RRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBB       EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRR   RR       EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBB     EEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RR  RRRRR        EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSSSS
 RR    RRRRR      EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RRR   RRRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEE    BBBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRR  RRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
            PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
           PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
          PPP       PP      GGG                  PPP       PP
         PPPPPPPPPPPP      GGG GGGGGGG          PPPPPPPPPPP
        PPPPPPPPPP        GGG  GGGGGGG         PPPPPPPP
       PPP               GGG        GG        PPP
      PPP               GGGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
     PPP                GGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
Chapter 1. PGP general.
PGP is Pretty Good Privacy from Phil Zimmermann. It is currently the
best available encryption available to civilians at large.
Zimmermann is the programmer on the original PGP versions but now,
apparently, just guides other programmers in making improved versions.
PGP uses two encryption algorithms: RSA for its Public Key powers &
IDEA for its bulk encryption. The advantages of PGP over other
crypt/decrypt systems are:
1. RSA algorithm. Allows users to communicate without needing a secure
channel to exchange keys. - PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION.
2. The program system has been very well done & has huge development
3. It has huge popularity.
4. Security is guaranteed with distribution of source code & public
5. Its free.
6. Both RSA & IDEA are "STRONG" algorithms.
MIT,s PGP 2.6 has the blessing of Zimmermann.
PGP 2.6 ui is believed to have Zimmermann's approval because he has not
attacked it. It is believed that Zimmermann will not endorse the ui
version due to possible legal problems.
Section 2: Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
WHERE TO GET THE PRETTY GOOD PRIVACY PROGRAM (PGP)
(Last modified: 11 August 1994 by Mike Johnson)
WHAT IS THE LATEST VERSION?
There is more than one latest version.  Pick one or more of the following
that best suits your computer, patent restrictions, and export restrictions.
Some countries (like France) may also restrict import or even use of strong
cryptography like PGP.
Note:  there are other versions available, but these are either old, or
outside of the mainstream PGP project.  Look for new versions from one of
three sources:  Viacrypt (Commercial), MIT (North American freeware), or
mathew (the unofficially non-designated holder of the unofficial
international version that parallels what Philip Zimmermann and the rest of
the PGP development team is doing in the USA.
Note that the MIT PGP 2.6 is illegal to export from the USA or Canada, but
using it outside of the USA and Canada for noncommercial use is not illegal
in most countries.  In spite of the best efforts of MIT and the other primary
developers and distributors of PGP not to violate the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations, MIT PGP 2.6 is available on some of the same sites
listed for PGP 2.6ui, below.  The noncommercial use restriction comes from
both the RSAREF license and the patent on the IDEA cipher in Europe and North
WHAT IS ALL THIS NONSENSE ABOUT EXPORT CONTROLS?
For a detailed rant, get ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/cryptusa.zip
The practical meaning, until the law is corrected to make sense, is that you
are requested to get PGP from sites outside of the USA and Canada if you are
outside of the USA and Canada.  If you are in France, I understand that you
aren't even supposed import it.  Other countries may be worse.
WHAT IS THE "TIME BOMB" IN MIT PGP 2.6?
As a concession to the RSA patent holders (in return for endorsement of the
legality of the freeware MIT PGP 2.6), MIT placed an inducement in MIT PGP
2.6 to encourage upgrade from the alledgedly patent-infringing PGP 2.3a to
the MIT version.  The nature of this inducement is a change in a packet ID
byte that causes PGP 2.3a and earlier to reject messages created by MIT PGP
2.6 after 1 September 1994.  Altering MIT PGP 2.6 to bypass this annoyance
(though technically an easy change to the LEGAL_KLUDGE), invalidates the
blessing of Public Key Partners on the licence of MIT PGP 2.6.  Therefore, it
is a bad idea.  On the other hand, it is trivial to hack PGP 2.3a to accept
these packets, and that (plus a few other bug fixes) is essentially what PGP
2.6ui is.  None of the versions of PGP greater than 2.3 have problems reading
the old packet ID values, so for maximum compatibility, the ideal is to write
the old value and accept either value.
Unfortunately, this time bomb has a negative effect on Viacrypt PGP 2.4, as
well, which never infringed on anyone's patents.  Viacrypt's solution was to
issue PGP 2.7, which, by default acts just like MIT PGP 2.6, but has a
config.txt option (explained in the release) that allows compatibility with
both PGP 2.4 and PGP 2.6.  Naturally, this also allows compatibility with PGP
The time bomb is annoying for those who still wish to use PGP 2.3a, and for
those who use Viacrypt PGP 2.4 and don't want to spend US$10 to upgrade to
Viacrypt PGP 2.7, but considering the magnitude of the concession made by
Public Key Partners in legitimizing the freeware PGP for use in the USA, it
was worth it.
ARE MY KEYS COMPATIBLE WITH THE OTHER PGP VERSIONS?
If your RSA key modulus length is less than or equal to 1024 bits (I don't
recommend less, unless you have a really slow computer and little patience),
and if your key was generated in the PKCS format, then it will work with any
of the mainstream PGP versions (PGP 2.3a, Viacrypt PGP 2.4, MIT PGP 2.6, PGP
2.6ui, or Viacrypt PGP 2.7).  If this is not the case, you really should
generate a new key that qualifies.
Philip Zimmermann is aware of the desire for longer keys in PGP by some PGP
fans (like me), but wants to migrate towards that goal in an orderly way, by
first releasing versions of PGP in for all platforms and for both commercial
(Viacrypt) and freeware (MIT) flavors that ACCEPT long keys, then releasing
versions that can also GENERATE long keys.  He also has some other neat key
management ideas that he plans to implement in future versions.
WHAT ARE THE KNOWN BUGS IN PGP?
These are the most annoying:
MIT PGP 2.6 -- the function xorbytes doesn't.  Replace the = with ^= to fix
               it.  The effect of this bug is that RSA keys aren't quite as
               random as they should be -- probably not a practical problem,
               but worth fixing if you are going to compile the code
               yourself.
MIT PGP 2.6 -- DON'T SET PGPPASS when editing your keys, because if you do,
               and if you don't change your pass phrase, the key is lost.
               (If this happens, rename your backup keyring files to the
               primary files before you do anything else).
PGP 2.6ui --   Conventional encryption -c option doesn't use a different IV
               every time, like it is supposed to.  (PGP 2.3a had this
               problem, too).
WHERE CAN I GET VIACRYPT PGP?
Versions are available for DOS, Unix, or WinCIM/CSNav
Commercial software.  Call 800-536-2664 to order.
If you are a commercial user of PGP in the USA or Canada, contact Viacrypt in
Phoenix, Arizona, USA.  The commecial version of PGP is fully licensed to use
the patented RSA and IDEA encryption algorithms in commercial applications,
and may be used in corporate environments in the USA and Canada.  It is fully
compatible with, functionally the same as, and just as strong as the freeware
version of PGP. Due to limitations on ViaCrypt's RSA distribution license,
ViaCrypt only distributes executable code and documentation for it, but they
are working on making PGP available for a variety of platforms.  Call or
write to them for the latest information.  The latest version number for
their version of PGP is 2.7.
Upgrade from Viacrypt PGP 2.4 to 2.7 is free if you bought version 2.4 after
May 27, 1994, otherwise the upgrade is US$10.
Viacrypt's licensing and price information is as follows:
ViaCrypt PGP for MS-DOS             1 user        $  99.98
ViaCrypt PGP for MS-DOS             5 users       $ 299.98
ViaCrypt PGP for MS-DOS       20 users or more, call ViaCrypt
ViaCrypt PGP for UNIX               1 user        $ 149.98
ViaCrypt PGP for UNIX               5 users       $ 449.98
ViaCrypt PGP for UNIX         20 users or more, call ViaCrypt
ViaCrypt PGP for WinCIM/CSNav       1 user        $ 119.98
ViaCrypt PGP for WinCIM/CSNav       5 user        $ 359.98
ViaCrypt PGP for WinCIM/CSNav 20 users or more, call ViaCrypt
If you wish to place an order please call 800-536-2664 during the
hours of 8:30am to 5:00pm MST, Monday - Friday.  They accept VISA,
MasterCard, AMEX and Discover credit cards.
If you have further questions, please feel free to contact:
 Paul E. Uhlhorn
 Director of Marketing, ViaCrypt Products
 Mail:          2104 W. Peoria Ave
                Phoenix AZ 85029
 Phone:         (602) 944-0773
 Fax:           (602) 943-2601
 Internet:      viacrypt
 Compuserve:    70304.41
WHERE CAN I GET MIT PGP?
MIT PGP is Copyrighted freeware.
Telnet to net-dist.mit.edu, log in as getpgp, answer the questions, then ftp
to net-dist.mit.edu and change to the hidden directory named in the telnet
session to get your own copy.
MIT-PGP is for U. S. and Canadian use only, but MIT is only distributing it
within the USA (due to some archaic export control laws).
1.  Read ftp://net-dist.mit.edu/pub/PGP/mitlicen.txt and agree to it.
2.  Read ftp://net-dist.mit.edu/pub/PGP/rsalicen.txt and agree to it.
3.  Telnet to net-dist.mit.edu and log in as getpgp.
4.  Answer the questions and write down the directory name listed.
5.  QUICKLY end the telnet session with ^C and ftp to the indicated directory
    on net-dist.mit.edu (something like /pub/PGP/dist/U.S.-only-????) and get
    the distribution files (pgp26.zip, pgp26doc.zip, pgp26src.tar.gz,
    MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx, and MacPGP2.6.src.sea.hqx).
    If the hidden directory name is invalid, start over at step 3, above.
File names (shortened file names are for DOS BBS distribution):
pgp26doc.zip - documentation only
pgp26.zip    - includes DOS executable & documentation
pgp26src.zip - source code
pgp26src.tar or pgp26src.tar.gz - source code release for Unix and others
macpgp26.hqx or MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx - Macintosh executable & documentation
macpgp26.src or MacPGP2.6.src.sea.hqx - Macintosh source code
mcpgp268.hqx or MacPGP2.6-68000.sea.hqx - Macintosh executable for 68000
pgp26os2.zip - OS/2 executable (may not be on the MIT archive)
RSA and IDEA algorithms licenced for personal and noncommercial use.
Uses RSAREF, which may not be modified without RSADSI permission.
Contains "time bomb" to start generating messages incompatible with PGP 2.3
and 2.4 on 1 September 1994 as an incentive for people to not use PGP 2.3a in
the USA, which RSADSI claims infringes on their patents.  Mac versions are
not yet Applescriptable.  This version is not intended for export from the
USA and Canada due to the USA's International Traffic in Arms Regulations and
Canada's corresponding regulations.
You can also get MIT PGP 2.6 from:
    ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/pgp26.zip
    ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/pgp26src.zip
    ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/pgp26os2.zip
    ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/mac
        MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx
        MacPGP2.6.src.sea.hqx
        MacPGP2.6-68000.sea.hqx
    ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/amiga/
        pgp26-amiga0b0.6-000.lha
        pgp26-amiga0b0.6-020.lha
        pgp26-amiga0b0.6-src.lha
        amiga.txt
    See ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README.MPJ for the ???????
    See ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/help for more help on negotiating this site's
    export control methods.
    ftp://ftp.netcom.com/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/pgp26.zip
    ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/
        MacPGP2.6.sea.hqx
    ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/I_will_not_export/crypto_???????/pgp/
        MacPGP2.6.src.sea.hqx
        MacPGP2.6-68000.sea.hqx
    See ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/README.MPJ for the ???????
    See ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/help for more help on negotiating this
    site's export control methods.
    TO GET THESE FILES BY EMAIL, send mail to ftp-request
    containing the word HELP in the body of the message for instructions.
    You will have to work quickly to get README.MPJ then the files before
    the ??????? part of the path name changes again (several times a day).
    Follow the instructions found in README.Dist that you get from one of:
    ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/Net_info/Tools/Crypto/README.Dist
    gopher.eff.org, 1/Net_info/Tools/Crypto
    gopher://gopher.eff.org/11/Net_info/Tools/Crypto
    The NCSA Forum sysops have a library that is available only to people who
send them a message asserting that they are within the U. S. A.  This library
contains PGP.  I have also seen PGP 2.6 in some other places on Compuserve.
Try searching for PGP26.ZIP in the IBMFF forum for up-to-date information on
PGP in selected other areas.  The last time I tried a search like this, PGP
2.6 was found in the PC World Online forum (GO PWOFORUM) new uploads area,
along with several PGP shells and accessories.  I've also heard that
EUROFORUM caries PGP 2.6ui, but have not confirmed this.
Compuserve file names are even more limited than DOS, so the file names to
look for are PGP26.ZIP, PGP26S.ZIP (source code), and PGP26D.ZIP
(documentation only).
Colorado Catacombs BBS
    Mike Johnson, sysop
    Mac and DOS versions of PGP, PGP shells, and some other crypto stuff.
    Also the home of some good Bible search files and some shareware written
    by Mike Johnson, including DLOCK, CRYPTA, CRYPTE, CRYPTMPJ, MCP, MDIR,
    DELETE, PROVERB, SPLIT, ONEPAD, etc.
    v.FAST/v.32bis/v.42bis, speeds up to 28,800 bps
    8 data bits, 1 stop, no parity, as fast as your modem will go.
    Use ANSI terminal emulation, of if you can't, try VT-100.
    Free access to PGP.  If busy or no answer, try again later.
    Log in with your own name, or if someone else already used that, try
    a variation on your name or pseudonym.  You can request access to
    crypto software on line, and if you qualify legally under the ITAR,
    you can download on the first call.
    Download file names:  pgp26.zip (DOS version with documentation)
                          pgp26src.tar (Unix version and source code)
                          pgp26doc.zip (Documentation only -- exportable)
                          macpgp26.hqx (MacPGP executables, binhexed .sea)
                          macpgp26.src (MacPGP source, binhexed .sea)
                          mcpgp268.hqx (MacPGP executables, binhexed .sea for
                                        68000 processor).
    (303) 772-1062  Longmont, Colorado number - 2 lines.
    (303) 938-9654  Boulder, Colorado number forwarded to Longmont number
                    intended for use by people in the Denver, Colorado area.
    Verified: This morning.
    Hieroglyphics Voodoo Machine (Colorado)
    Jim Still (aka Johannes Keppler), sysop.
    DOS, OS2, and Mac versions.
    (303) 443-2457
    For free access for PGP, DLOCK, Secure Drive, etc., log in as "VOO DOO"
    with the password "NEW" (good for 30 minutes access to free files).
Other BBS and ftp sites do have these files, as well.  I noticed that
PGP26.ZIP is being distributed on FIDONET.
WHERE CAN I GET PGP FOR USE OUTSIDE OF THE USA?
The latest for outside the USA is the "Unofficial International" PGP 2.6 for
most platforms, MacPGP 2.3aV1.2 for the Mac (although 2.6ui is under
development and should appear very soon), and 2.3a.4 for the Amiga.  The
latest amiga version is fully compatible with MIT's PGP 2.6.
Copyrighted freeware.
Version 2.6ui released by mathew
Amiga version 2.3a4 released by Peter Simons These versions do NOT use RSAREF.  No RSA patent problems outside the USA, but
this version is not legal for commercial or extensive personal use in the
USA.  IDEA licensed for presonal use only in countries where the IDEA patent
The freeware version of PGP is intended for noncommercial, experimental, and
scholarly use.  It is available on thousands of BBSes, commercial information
services, and Internet anonymous-ftp archive sites on the planet called
Earth.  This list cannot be comprehensive, but it should give you plenty of
pointers to places to find PGP.  Although the latest freeware version of PGP
was released from outside the USA (England), it is not supposed to be
exported from the USA under a strange law called the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations (ITAR).  Because of this, please get PGP from a site outside
the USA if you are outside of the USA and Canada.  Even though the RSAREF
license associated with PGP 2.6 from MIT no longer prohibits use outside the
USA, it still carries the not-for-profit restriction that the original RSA
code in PGP 2.6ui doesn't have.  On the other hand, patents on the IDEA
cipher may limit PGP use in your country to nonprofit applications, anyway.
Indeed, I understand that there are some countries where private electronic
mail is not legal, anyway.
These listings are subject to change without notice.  If you find that PGP has
been removed from any of these sites, please let me know so that I can update
this list.  Likewise, if you find PGP on a good site elsewhere (especially on
any BBS that allows first time callers to access PGP for free), please let me
know so that I can update this list.
Source code (gzipped tar format):
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz.sig
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz
     * _IT:_
      ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz.sig.gz
     * _TW:_ ftp://nctuccca.edu.tw/PC/wuarchive/pgp/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz
     * _TW:_ ftp://nctuccca.edu.tw/PC/wuarchive/pgp/pgp26ui-src.tar.gz.sig.gz
Source code (zip format):
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26uis.sig
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26uis.zip
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26uis.sig
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26uis.zip
     * _TW:_ ftp://nctuccca.edu.tw/PC/wuarchive/pgp/pgp26uis.zip
Executable for DOS (zip format):
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26uix.sig
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26uix.zip
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26uix.sig

@_date: 1994-09-06 15:57:16
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB1B PREMEIERE ISSUE 
* _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26uix.sig
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp26uix.zip
     * _DE:_
         ftp://ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de/pub/virus/crypt/pgp/mac
               /MacPGP2.6ui_beta.sit.hqx
     * _IT:_
Other sites to look for the above mentioned files at:
    ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de
      /pub/virus/crypt/pgp
      This site has most, if not all, of the current PGP files.
    ftp.wimsey.bc.ca
        /pub/crypto/software/dist/US_or_Canada_only_XXXXXXX/PGP
        (U. S. and Canadian users only)
        See /pub/crypto/software/README for the characters for XXXXXXXX
        This site has all public releases of the freeware PGP from 1.0 through
 2.6 and
        2.6ui.
    black.ox.ac.uk  (129.67.1.165)
        /src/security/pgp26uix.zip    (MS-DOS executables & docs)
        /src/security/pgp26uis.zip    (Unix, MS-DOS, VMS, Amiga sources,
                                      docs, info on building PGP into
                                      mailers, editors, etc.)
                                      There are several other versions of PGP
                                      here, including the MIT release.
    ftp.csn.net
      /mpj/public/pgp/ contains PGP shells, faq documentation, language kits.
    ftp.netcom.com
      /pub/dcosenza -- Some crypto stuff, sometimes includes PGP.
      /pub/gbe/pgpfaq.asc -- frequently asked questions answered.
      /pub/qwerty -- How to MacPGP Guide, largest steganography ftp site as
                     well.  PGP FAQ, crypto FAQ, US Crypto Policy FAQ,
                     Steganograpy software list. MacUtilites for use with
                     MacPGP.  Stealth1.1 + other steganography programs.
                     Send mail to qwerty with the subject
                     "Bomb me!" to get the PGP FAQ and MacPGP guide if you
                     don't have ftp access.
    ftp.ee.und.ac.za
      /pub/crypto/pgp
    soda.berkeley.edu
      /pub/cypherpunks/pgp (DOS, MAC)
    ftp.demon.co.uk
      /pub/amiga/pgp
      /pub/archimedes
      /pub/pgp
      /pub/mac/MacPGP
    ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de
    ftp.funet.fi
    ftp.dsi.unimi.it
      /pub/security/crypt/PGP
    ftp.tu-clausthal.de (139.174.2.10)
    wuarchive.wustl.edu
      /pub/aminet/util/crypt
    src.doc.ic.ac.uk (Amiga)
      /aminet
      /amiga-boing
    ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de
      /pub/comp/os/os2/crypt/pgp23os2A.zip (OS/2)
    iswuarchive.wustl.edu
      pub/aminet/util/crypt (Amiga)
    nic.funet.fi  (128.214.6.100)
        /pub/crypt/pgp23A.zip
        /pub/crypt/pgp23srcA.zip
        /pub/crypt/pgp23A.tar.Z
    ftp.uni-kl.de (131.246.9.95)
    qiclab.scn.rain.com (147.28.0.97)
    pc.usl.edu (130.70.40.3)
    leif.thep.lu.se (130.235.92.55)
    goya.dit.upm.es (138.4.2.2)
    tupac-amaru.informatik.rwth-aachen.de (137.226.112.31)
    ftp.etsu.edu (192.43.199.20)
    princeton.edu (128.112.228.1)
    pencil.cs.missouri.edu (128.206.100.207)
    The Amiga version can be FTP'ed from the Aminet in
    /pub/aminet/util/crypt/ as StealthPGP1_0.lha.
Also, try an archie search for PGP using the command:
    archie -s pgp26  (DOS & Unix Versions)
    archie -s pgp2.6 (MAC Versions)
For those individuals who do not have access to FTP, but do have access
to e-mail, you can get FTP files mailed to you.  For information on
this service, send a message saying "Help" to ftpmail
You will be sent an instruction sheet on how to use the ftpmail
Another e-mail service is from nic.funet.fi. Send the following mail message
to mailserv
    ENCODER uuencode
    SEND pub/crypt/pgp23srcA.zip
    SEND pub/crypt/pgp23A.zip
This will deposit the two zipfiles, as 15 batched messages, in your mailbox
with about 24 hours.  Save and uudecode.
For the ftp sites on netcom, send mail to ftp-request containing
the word HELP in the body of the message.
World Wide Web URLs:
(Thanks to mathew
     _________________________________________________________________
  MACPGP 2.3
    Program
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/MacPGP/MacPGP2.3.cpt.hqx
     * _UK:_ ftp://black.ox.ac.uk/src/security/macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx
     * _SE:_ ftp://isy.liu.se/pub/misc/pgp/2.3A/macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx
     * _IT:_ ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx
     * _FI:_
       ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/crypt/ghost.dsi.unimi.it/macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx
     * _US:_
       ftp://soda.berkeley.edu/pub/cypherpunks/pgp/macpgp2.3.cpt.hqx.gz
    Source code
   Requires Think C.
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/MacPGP/MacPGP2.2src.sea.hqx --
       version 2.2 only
     * _IT:_
 ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/macpgp2.3src.sea.hqx.pgp
     * _FI:_
       ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/crypt/ghost.dsi.unimi.it/macpgp2.3src.sea.h
       qx.pgp
    Documentation
   PGP is rather counter-intuitive to a Mac user. Luckily, there's a
   guide to using MacPGP in
   ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/qwerty/Here.is.How.to.MacPGP.
     _________________________________________________________________
  OS/2 PGP
   You can, of course, run the DOS version of PGP under OS/2.
     * _DE:_
     * _US:_
ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/README.MPJ for the ???????
     _________________________________________________________________
  AMIGA PGP 2.3
     * _DE:_ ftp://ftp.uni-kl.de/pub/aminet/util/crypt/PGPAmi23a_3.lha
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.wustl.edu/pub/aminet/util/crypt/PGPAmi23a_3.lha
    Source
     * _DE:_ ftp://ftp.uni-kl.de/pub/aminet/util/crypt/PGPAmi23a3_src.lha
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.wustl.edu/pub/aminet/util/crypt/PGPAmi23a3_src.lha
     _________________________________________________________________
  ARCHIMEDES PGP
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/archimedes/ArcPGP23a
     _________________________________________________________________
  DOCUMENTATION ONLY
     * _US:_ ftp://net-dist.mit.edu/pub/PGP/pgp26doc.zip
     * _UK:_ ftp://ftp.demon.co.uk/pub/pgp/pgp26doc.zip
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/mpj/public/pgp/pgp26doc.zip
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp26doc.zip
     _________________________________________________________________
  LANGUAGE MODULES
   These are suitable for most PGP versions.  I am not aware of any
   export/import restrictions on these files.
    German
     * _UK:_ ftp://black.ox.ac.uk/src/security/pgp_german.txt
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp_german.txt
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/PGP_german_docs.lha
    Italian
     * _IT:_
     ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp-lang.italian.tar.gz
     * _FI:_
     ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/crypt/ghost.dsi.unimi.it/PGP/pgp-lang.italian.tar.gz
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp-lang.italian.tar.gz
    Japanese
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp-msgs-japanese.tar.gz
    Lithuanian
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp23ltk.zip
    Russian
     * _RU:_ ftp://ftp.kiae.su/unix/crypto/pgp/pgp26ru.zip (MIT version)
     * _RU:_ ftp://ftp.kiae.su/unix/crypto/pgp/pgp26uir.zip (ui version)
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp26ru.zip
    Spanish
     * _IT:_
     ftp://ftp.dsi.unimi.it/pub/security/crypt/PGP/pgp-lang.spanish.tar.gz
     * _FI:_
       ftp://ftp.funet.fi/pub/crypt/ghost.dsi.unimi.it/pgp-lang.spanish.tar.gz
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp-lang.spanish.tar.gz
    Swedish
     * _UK:_ ftp://black.ox.ac.uk/src/security/pgp_swedish.txt
     * _US:_ ftp://ftp.csn.net/mpj/public/pgp/pgp_swedish.txt
     _________________________________________________________________
  OTHER SITES
   Some cryptographic software is available from
   ftp://van-bc.wimsey.bc.ca/pub/crypto/software/.
   Read the README file and proceed from there.
BBS sites:
    Colorado Catacombs BBS
    (See also the entry above for PGP 2.6)
    (303) 772-1062 Longmont, Colorado (2 lines)
    (303) 938-9654 Boulder, Colorado (free call from Denver CO, but 1 line)
    For free access: log in with your own name, answer the questions, then
    select [Q]uestionaire 3 from the [M]ain menu.
    Verified: This morning.
    Hieroglyphics Voodoo Machine (Colorado)
    Jim Still (aka Johannes Keppler), sysop.
    DOS, OS2, and Mac versions.
    (303) 443-2457
    Verified: 5-2-94
    For free access for PGP, DLOCK, Secure Drive, etc., log in as "VOO DOO"
    with the password "NEW" (good for 30 minutes access to free files).
    Exec-Net (New York)
    Host BBS for the ILink net.
    (914) 667-4567
    The Ferret BBS (North Little Rock, Arkansas)
    (501) 791-0124   also   (501) 791-0125
    Special PGP users account:
    login name: PGP USER
    password:   PGP
    This information From: jim.wenzel (Jim Wenzel)
If you find a version of the PGP package on a BBS or FTP site and it does not
include the PGP User's Guide, something is wrong.  The manual should always
be included in the package.  If it isn't, the package is suspect and should
not be used or distributed.  The site you found it on should remove it so
that it does no further harm to others.
ARCHIE WHO?
There are many more sites.  You can use archie and/or other "net-surfing"
tools to find a more up-to-date listing, if desired.

@_date: 1994-09-11 21:35:00
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB September 11, 1994 issue 2 
CYPHER-REBELS ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB)  SEPTEMBER 11, 1994
                             ISSUE 2
                    Publisher Gary Lee Jeffers
                   ccgary
   A compendium of the best software & info for today's electronic
privacy freedom fighters. This text may be distributed in part or
in full anywhere you want. It may be given away freely or copies
may be sold. CEB wants to be free & valuable.
If, as Chairman Mao says: "Political power grows out of the barrel of
a gun.", then what is democracy?
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1. PGP
Section 1. PGP general
Section 2. Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Section 3. Stealth PGP.
Chapter 2. Steganography. "A picture is worth a thousand words."
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP
Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
Chapter 4. Generally cool things.
Section 1. Loompanics sources.
Section 2. Viruses sources.
Chapter 5. Getting the Cypherpunks' archived & indexed list.
Chapter 6. Remailers & chained remailers.
Chapter 7. Current problems in Crypt.
Chapter 8. Text sources.
Section 1. Books
Section 2. Rants
Section 3. CYPHERNOMICON - Tim May's "official" Cypherpunks' FAQ.
Chapter 9. Cypherpunks' mailing list. getting on etc..
 CCCCCCCCCC    YYYY   YYYY    PPPPPP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC     YY   YY       PP  PP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCC            YY  YY        PP  PP    HH    HH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC            YY YY         PPPPPP    HHHHHHHH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HHHHHHHH    EEEEEEE   RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC      YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RR RR
 CCCCCCCCCCC     YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR  RR
                              PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR   RR
    RRRRRRRRRRR                                               RR    RR
   RRRRRRRRRRRRRR                              EEEEEEEEE
   RRRRRRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBB      EEEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSS
   RRRRRRRR         EEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBBB   EE EEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
  RR   RRRR        EEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBB  EEEEEEE           SSSSSSSSS
 RRR     RRRR     EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBBB    EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSS
 RRR      RRRRR   EEEEEE        BBBBBB      EEEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEE       BBB         EEEEEEEEEEE    SSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEEEEE    BB          EEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSS
 RRRRRRR  RRRR    EEEEEEEEEE    BBB         EEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRR    RRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBB       EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRR   RR       EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBB     EEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RR  RRRRR        EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSSSS
 RR    RRRRR      EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RRR   RRRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEE    BBBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRR  RRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
            PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
           PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
          PPP       PP      GGG                  PPP       PP
         PPPPPPPPPPPP      GGG GGGGGGG          PPPPPPPPPPP
        PPPPPPPPPP        GGG  GGGGGGG         PPPPPPPP
       PPP               GGG        GG        PPP
      PPP               GGGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
     PPP                GGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
Chapter 1. PGP general.
PGP is Pretty Good Privacy from Phil Zimmermann. It is currently the
best available encryption available to civilians at large.
Zimmermann is the programmer on the original PGP versions but now,
apparently, just guides other programmers in making improved versions.
PGP uses two encryption algorithms: RSA for its Public Key powers &
IDEA for its bulk encryption. The advantages of PGP over other
crypt/decrypt systems are:
1. RSA algorithm. Allows users to communicate without needing a secure
channel to exchange keys. - PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION.
2. The program system has been very well done & has huge development
3. It has huge popularity.
4. Security is guaranteed with distribution of source code & public
5. Its free.
6. Both RSA & IDEA are "STRONG" algorithms.
MIT,s PGP 2.6 has the blessing of Zimmermann.
PGP 2.6 ui is believed to have Zimmermann's approval because he has not
attacked it. It is believed that Zimmermann will not endorse the ui
version due to possible legal problems.
Section 2: Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Michael Paul Johnson  has an excellent faq on
 You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpg/getpgp.asc
It is also posted monthly on alt.security.pgp
   The latest versions of PGP are VIACRYPT PGP 2.7 , MIT PGP 2.6.1
& PGP 2.6ui. Which is best? I would say MIT PGP 2.6.1. It has source
code which VIACRYPT doesn't give you & it is more advanced than the
ui version. In comparing the MIT & ui versions, Michael Johnson
had this to say: "The "unofficial international" versions are
really just PGP 2.3a, modified just enough to make it compatible        ust
with MIT PGP 2.6, but do not include all of the fixes in MIT PGP 2.6     the
and MIT PGP 2.6.1.  They are named pgp26ui* or have "ui" somewhere       a
in their file names." In his faq, he gives some instances in which      sions
the ui version might be preferable.
Section 3: Michael Johnson's PGP bomb contribution.
PGP TIME BOMB FAQ
"There has been some confusion about the annoying "Time Bomb" in MIT PGP2.6,
as well as some other PGP version compatibility issues. This is an attempt to
clear up some of that confusion."
You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpj/pgpbomb.asc
Section 3. Stealth PGP                                                   37
   Stealth PGP refers to a PGP file that does not have the
RSA prefix tag on the beginning of a PGP encrypted file or to PGP
utility software that disguises this tag. Possibly, a later version
of PGP with have this as an option.
   The advantages of "Stealthy" PGP are that its files  cannot be found
by Internet search programs that hunt for the PGP/RSA tag & that a
"Stealthy" file may be more securely hidden by a good steganography
Responding to my question "Has Stealth PGP been done yet?"
Mark Grant says:
Kind of, there's a 'stealth' filter available that strips and attaches
headers to PGP messages after encryption. It's available from various
places, and the documentation is available on my 'other people's PGP
addons' WWW page :
        There's also information about Privtool, my PGP-aware mail program for
Sun workstations at :
                        Mark
EMAIL: mark
URL  :  Chapter 2. Steganography "A picture is worth a thousand words."
                   =============================================
    %%             =             !I                            =
   %% %%%          =           !!!                 BB          =
  %%%* *%%%%       =        **!!**                &            =
  ***           =       u   \  x!             ) <           =
   *  ***          +   m              )         c   $          =
    **             =   #               k        }             =
                  =    $%-            &         u    =        =
 -------           =             +e$            ~    #      =
                  =       h      6&                ;    |    =
                  =         =,#                       {{      =
                  =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =============================================
                         STILL LIFE WITH CRYPT
                   +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Steganography is the craft of hiding messages in pictures. The text is,
of course, encrypted text rather than plain text.
The current best steganography program has been done by Arsen Arachelian
Below, follows his text contribution:
WNSTORM is available from:
Usual routine to get it. i.e. cd /pub/crypto/software, get the README
file, and if you agree to the terms then follow the instructions.
Short description off the top of my head (I wrote the beastie)  Another
info scrap should be in the same directory as WNSTORM.
WNSTORM is a data encryption/steganography utility which is pretty secure for
most uses.  Unlike some stego systems WNSTORM is expandible, all you have to
do is write your own LSB injector/extractor for whatever data format you wish
to hide information into.
WNSTORM doesn't require the recipient of the host picture, sound, movie, etc.
to have the original un-stormed picture.  Unlike primitive stego programs,
WNSTORM doesn't compare an stormed picture with an unstormed picture.
WNSTORM will cover its tracks statistically.  If it changes a 0 bit in the
LSB data stream to a zero, or a 1 bit to a 1, it does nothing.  If it changes
a 1 bit to a zero, it will balance itself by changing an unused adjacent 0
bit to a 1.  Ditto for a 0->1 transform.
WNSTORM will NOT change every bit of the LSB in order to prevent detection.
It will use a passkey along with a probabilistic algorithm to decide which
bits it will change.  The algorithm for picking bits depends on the previous
succesfully encoded/decoded cyphertext AND the passkey.
Internally WNSTORM works by picking "windows" or "packets" of bytes out of
either a random number stream or an LSB stream extracted from a picture,
sound, movie, etc.  It then injects eight bits of cyphertext into this window.
Each window is of variable size.  The bit locations where the bits are inserted
are randomly exchanged for each pass.  The bit values are also randomly
exchanged for each pass.
WNSTORM includes an injector/extractor for PCX images, however I will write
more injecotr/extractor programs for it in the future, and OTHERS can do so
as well.
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP.
Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
I've just finished making an ftp deposit to soda in the cypherpunks/
 incoming directory of WinPGP26.ZIP; it's the latest version of the
 Windows PGP shell Shareware, and understands 2.6/2.6ui/2.7.
Dave Merriman
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Announcing PGP WinFront 3.0
A freeware Windows front end for PGP 2.3a and 2.6
Copyright 1994 Ross Barclay (rbarclay
WHAT IT IS:
        - PGP WinFront is the most fully featured free (or
        otherwise) Windows front end available. It will make
        using PGP easy for beginners, and it will drastically
        increase the speed at which experts use it too.
        PGP WinFront is now into is third revision and I have
        tried to implement as many of the suggestions that I
        received as possible. PGP WinFront was designed by
        its users, but was coded by me.
        Features:
        - Supports secret key ring placement on floppy drive
        - Support en/decryption to/from clipboard
        - Move / Copy / Delete files
        - Online hypertext help
        - Online hypertext PGP help
        - Keyring reader to pick names, view key characteristics
        - Keyring reader supports less-often used "huge" keyrings
        - Signature Checker
        - Very configurable - over 25 user-definable settings
        - more . . .
        This program does too much to list here. And it's free!
        This version is a complete rewrite of the popular
        PGP WinFront 2.0. The feature-set has largely been
        set by users who sent in suggestions.
        Please read the file README.TXT and peruse the help
        files. Please send me your comments.
HOW TO GET IT:
        At the moment, there are 2 ways to get this program:
        1) Via FTP
        - The PGP WinFront 3.0 filename is called PWF30.ZIP.
        - It has been uploaded to the incoming directories of
        the following FTP sites:
                ftp.cica.indiana.edu
                ftp.eff.org
                ftp.wimsey.bc.ca
                black.ox.ac.uk
                soda.berkeley.edu
                ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de
                ftp.ee.und.ac.za
                ftp.demon.co.uk
        - Hopefully, they will be slotted into the PGP directories
        soon. On CICA, it will be placed into \pub\pc\win3\utils.
        That is where PWF20.ZIP was placed.
        - Once you get the program, please upload it to other
        FTP sites!
        2) From Colorado Catacombs BBS
        - dial (303)772-1062. The file is called PWF30.ZIP
        - once you get the program, please upload it to other
        BBSs.
        *** The mail access system I had was discontinued. This is
        because the file was too big to fit into my account.
        However, you can still register PWF and request certain
        PGP and PWF related items using my mail access system.
        Details of these are on the "About" screen of PWF 30.

@_date: 1994-09-17 17:39:48
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: terrorist FORTRESS SLEUTH remailers & FORTRESS lists 
THE FOLLOWING TEXT IS FOR INFORMATION ONLY & DOES NOT ADVOCATE BREAKING
ANY LAWS.
          TERRORIST FORTRESS SLEUTH REMAILERS & FORTRESS LISTS
   Todd Masco makes a good point about sleuth remailers. For the last
two issues of the CEB in chapter 7. Current problems in crypt, I have
pointed out the need for them. I invented the name FORTRESS REMAILERS
to describe them. I also invented the term FORTRESS MAILING LIST as
   We are in a time window now. In a few years at most, remailers &
lists like Cypherpunks & newsgroups like Sci.crypt may be outlawed.
We may then have two of our most important communications tools taken
away from us in our development of electronic communications privacy
tools. Some will infer from this that if they want secure Internet
communications, then they had better start writing in a hurry. The
State has not consolidated its power enough yet to take away these
"privileges". When they do, these will seem like the good old
careless days of privacy building & possibly even seem like an historic
anomaly. Privacy Freedom Fighters of the future may feel very grateful
to today's Cypherpunks for writing FORTRESS remailers, lists, &
newsgroups so that may continue their work.
   ON THE MATTER OF SECURITY THRU OBSCURITY
   I think that the idea of security thru obscurity is much like having
a strong crypt system that is handicapped by allowing only one password.
The method is limited from becoming popular due to the fact that
popularity would likely disclose the key & then make the system         s
dangerous & useless. Possibly, disastrous to all using it. Due to that
reason, FORTRESS REMAILERS & FORTRESS LISTS & NEWSGROUPS would have to
avoid security thru obscurity.
   It is hard to figure out how to do a FORTRESS remailer or list.
Possibly, a WAN using radio communications as a starting point?
                                                SPECULATIVELY Yours,
                                                Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-09-24 16:41:21
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB - Sept 24, 1994 
CYPHER-REBELS ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB)  SEPTEMBER 24, 1994
                             ISSUE 3
                    Publisher Gary Lee Jeffers
                   ccgary
   A compendium of the best software & info for today's electronic
privacy freedom fighters. This text may be distributed in part or
in full anywhere you want. It may be given away freely or copies
may be sold. CEB wants to be free & valuable.
If, as Chairman Mao says: "Political power grows out of the barrel of
a gun.", then what is democracy?
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1. PGP
Section 1. PGP general
Section 2. Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Section 3. Stealth PGP.
Chapter 2. Steganography. "A picture is worth a thousand words."
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP
Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
Chapter 4. Generally cool things.
Section 1. Loompanics sources.
Section 2. Viruses sources.
Chapter 5. Getting the Cypherpunks' archived & indexed list.
Chapter 6. Remailers & chained remailers.
Chapter 7. Current problems in Crypt.
Chapter 8. Text sources.
Section 1. Books
Section 2. Rants
Section 3. CYPHERNOMICON - Tim May's "official" Cypherpunks' FAQ.
Chapter 9. Cypherpunks' mailing list. getting on etc..
 CCCCCCCCCC    YYYY   YYYY    PPPPPP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC     YY   YY       PP  PP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCC            YY  YY        PP  PP    HH    HH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC            YY YY         PPPPPP    HHHHHHHH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HHHHHHHH    EEEEEEE   RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC      YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RR RR
 CCCCCCCCCCC     YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR  RR
                              PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR   RR
    RRRRRRRRRRR                                               RR    RR
   RRRRRRRRRRRRRR                              EEEEEEEEE
   RRRRRRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBB      EEEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSS
   RRRRRRRR         EEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBBB   EE EEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
  RR   RRRR        EEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBB  EEEEEEE           SSSSSSSSS
 RRR     RRRR     EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBBB    EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSS
 RRR      RRRRR   EEEEEE        BBBBBB      EEEEEEEE       SSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEE       BBB         EEEEEEEEEEE    SSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEEEEE    BB          EEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSS
 RRRRRRR  RRRR    EEEEEEEEEE    BBB         EEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRR    RRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBB       EEEEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRR   RR       EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBB     EEEEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RR  RRRRR        EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE          SSSSSSSSSS
 RR    RRRRR      EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB   EEEEEEE         SSSSSSSSSS
 RRR   RRRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEE    BBBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEE   SSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRR  RRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBBBB   EEEEEEEEEEEEE SSSSSSSSSSSS
            PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
           PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
          PPP       PP      GGG                  PPP       PP
         PPPPPPPPPPPP      GGG GGGGGGG          PPPPPPPPPPP
        PPPPPPPPPP        GGG  GGGGGGG         PPPPPPPP
       PPP               GGG        GG        PPP
      PPP               GGGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
     PPP                GGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
Chapter 1. PGP general.
PGP is Pretty Good Privacy from Phil Zimmermann. It is currently the
best available encryption available to civilians at large.
Zimmermann is the programmer on the original PGP versions but now,
apparently, just guides other programmers in making improved versions.
PGP uses two encryption algorithms: RSA for its Public Key powers &
IDEA for its bulk encryption. The advantages of PGP over other
crypt/decrypt systems are:
1. RSA algorithm. Allows users to communicate without needing a secure
channel to exchange keys. - PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION.
2. The program system has been very well done & has huge development
3. It has huge popularity.
4. Security is guaranteed with distribution of source code & public
5. Its free.
6. Both RSA & IDEA are "STRONG" algorithms.
MIT,s PGP 2.6 has the blessing of Zimmermann.
PGP 2.6 ui is believed to have Zimmermann's approval because he has not
attacked it. It is believed that Zimmermann will not endorse the ui
version due to possible legal problems.
Section 2: Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Michael Paul Johnson  has an excellent faq on
 You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpj/getpgp.asc
It is also posted monthly on alt.security.pgp
   The latest versions of PGP are VIACRYPT PGP 2.7 , MIT PGP 2.6.1
& PGP 2.6ui. Which is best? I would say MIT PGP 2.6.1. It has source
code which VIACRYPT doesn't give you & it is more advanced than the
ui version. In comparing the MIT & ui versions, Michael Johnson
had this to say: "The "unofficial international" versions are
really just PGP 2.3a, modified just enough to make it compatible        ust
with MIT PGP 2.6, but do not include all of the fixes in MIT PGP 2.6     the
and MIT PGP 2.6.1.  They are named pgp26ui* or have "ui" somewhere       a
in their file names." In his faq, he gives some instances in which      sions
the ui version might be preferable.
Section 3: Michael Johnson's PGP bomb contribution.
PGP TIME BOMB FAQ
"There has been some confusion about the annoying "Time Bomb" in MIT PGP2.6,
as well as some other PGP version compatibility issues. This is an attempt to
clear up some of that confusion."
You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpj/pgpbomb.asc
Section 3. Stealth PGP                                                   37
   Stealth PGP refers to a PGP file that does not have the
RSA prefix tag on the beginning of a PGP encrypted file or to PGP
utility software that disguises this tag. Possibly, a later version
of PGP with have this as an option.
   The advantages of "Stealthy" PGP are that its files  cannot be found
by Internet search programs that hunt for the PGP/RSA tag & that a
"Stealthy" file may be more securely hidden by a good steganography
Responding to my question "Has Stealth PGP been done yet?"
Mark Grant says:
Kind of, there's a 'stealth' filter available that strips and attaches
headers to PGP messages after encryption. It's available from various
places, and the documentation is available on my 'other people's PGP
addons' WWW page :
        There's also information about Privtool, my PGP-aware mail program for
Sun workstations at :
                        Mark
EMAIL: mark
URL  :  Chapter 2. Steganography "A picture is worth a thousand words."
                   =============================================
    %%             =             !I                            =
   %% %%%          =           !!!                 BB          =
  %%%* *%%%%       =        **!!**                &            =
  ***           =       u   \  x!             ) <           =
   *  ***          +   m              )         c   $          =
    **             =   #               k        }             =
                  =    $%-            &         u    =        =
 -------           =             +e$            ~    #      =
                  =       h      6&                ;    |    =
                  =         =,#                       {{      =
                  =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =============================================
                         STILL LIFE WITH CRYPT
                   +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Steganography is the craft of hiding messages in pictures. The text is,
of course, encrypted text rather than plain text.
The current best steganography program has been done by Arsen Arachelian
Below, follows his text contribution:
WNSTORM is available from:
Usual routine to get it. i.e. cd /pub/crypto/software, get the README
file, and if you agree to the terms then follow the instructions.
Short description off the top of my head (I wrote the beastie)  Another
info scrap should be in the same directory as WNSTORM.
WNSTORM is a data encryption/steganography utility which is pretty secure for
most uses.  Unlike some stego systems WNSTORM is expandible, all you have to
do is write your own LSB injector/extractor for whatever data format you wish
to hide information into.
WNSTORM doesn't require the recipient of the host picture, sound, movie, etc.
to have the original un-stormed picture.  Unlike primitive stego programs,
WNSTORM doesn't compare an stormed picture with an unstormed picture.
WNSTORM will cover its tracks statistically.  If it changes a 0 bit in the
LSB data stream to a zero, or a 1 bit to a 1, it does nothing.  If it changes
a 1 bit to a zero, it will balance itself by changing an unused adjacent 0
bit to a 1.  Ditto for a 0->1 transform.
WNSTORM will NOT change every bit of the LSB in order to prevent detection.
It will use a passkey along with a probabilistic algorithm to decide which
bits it will change.  The algorithm for picking bits depends on the previous
succesfully encoded/decoded cyphertext AND the passkey.
Internally WNSTORM works by picking "windows" or "packets" of bytes out of
either a random number stream or an LSB stream extracted from a picture,
sound, movie, etc.  It then injects eight bits of cyphertext into this window.
Each window is of variable size.  The bit locations where the bits are inserted
are randomly exchanged for each pass.  The bit values are also randomly
exchanged for each pass.
WNSTORM includes an injector/extractor for PCX images, however I will write
more injecotr/extractor programs for it in the future, and OTHERS can do so
as well.
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP.
Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
I've just finished making an ftp deposit to soda in the cypherpunks/
 incoming directory of WinPGP26.ZIP; it's the latest version of the
 Windows PGP shell Shareware, and understands 2.6/2.6ui/2.7.
Dave Merriman
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Announcing PGP WinFront 3.0
A freeware Windows front end for PGP 2.3a and 2.6
Copyright 1994 Ross Barclay (rbarclay
WHAT IT IS:
        - PGP WinFront is the most fully featured free (or
        otherwise) Windows front end available. It will make
        using PGP easy for beginners, and it will drastically
        increase the speed at which experts use it too.
        PGP WinFront is now into is third revision and I have
        tried to implement as many of the suggestions that I
        received as possible. PGP WinFront was designed by
        its users, but was coded by me.
        Features:
        - Supports secret key ring placement on floppy drive
        - Support en/decryption to/from clipboard
        - Move / Copy / Delete files
        - Online hypertext help
        - Online hypertext PGP help
        - Keyring reader to pick names, view key characteristics
        - Keyring reader supports less-often used "huge" keyrings
        - Signature Checker
        - Very configurable - over 25 user-definable settings
        - more . . .
        This program does too much to list here. And it's free!
        This version is a complete rewrite of the popular
        PGP WinFront 2.0. The feature-set has largely been
        set by users who sent in suggestions.
        Please read the file README.TXT and peruse the help
        files. Please send me your comments.
HOW TO GET IT:
        At the moment, there are 2 ways to get this program:
        1) Via FTP
        - The PGP WinFront 3.0 filename is called PWF30.ZIP.
        - It has been uploaded to the incoming directories of
        the following FTP sites:
                ftp.cica.indiana.edu
                ftp.eff.org
                ftp.wimsey.bc.ca
                black.ox.ac.uk
                soda.berkeley.edu
                ftp.informatik.uni-hamburg.de
                ftp.ee.und.ac.za
                ftp.demon.co.uk
        - Hopefully, they will be slotted into the PGP directories
        soon. On CICA, it will be placed into \pub\pc\win3\utils.
        That is where PWF20.ZIP was placed.
        - Once you get the program, please upload it to other
        FTP sites!
        2) From Colorado Catacombs BBS
        - dial (303)772-1062. The file is called PWF30.ZIP
        - once you get the program, please upload it to other
        BBSs.
        *** The mail access system I had was discontinued. This is
        because the file was too big to fit into my account.
        However, you can still register PWF and request certain
        PGP and PWF related items using my mail access system.
        Details of these are on the "About" screen of PWF 30.

@_date: 1994-09-27 21:38:46
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: SUFFERANCE remailers 
SUFFERANCE REMAILERS
   Definition of SUFFERANCE REMAILER: A remailer that exists only so
long as the U.S. Feds get around to outlawing it.; a sitting duck
remailer. ; a remailer whose physical location may easily be found.;
a remailer whose operator is vulnerable to the State's gun argument.;
currently, the only kind of remailer there is.
   Definition of FORTRESS REMAILER: A remailer whose physical location
cannot be found. ; a remailer that does not require the consent of
the State. ; a Freedom remailer.
   Anybody got any idea at all how to build a Fortress remailer?
                                             PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                             WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCKK!
                                             BBBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-10-03 11:13:33
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Newsgroups email addresses. 
Fellow Cypherpunks,
   I am going to be spreading my CEB around the Internet. I need full
email addresses to newsgroups including sci.crypt & talk.politics.crypt
& any other groups that may be interested in crypt including conspiracy
groups. thank you.
                                   Yours Truly,
                                   Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-10-04 11:25:35
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Chomsky (thread from hell) 
I remember Chomsky being quoted (I think in a Mother Jones issue)
something to the effect that the opposition to "political correctness"
was not legitimate. Apparently, Chomsky finds at least one kind of
oppression to be not distasteful.
   At a Chomsky lecture that I attended, Chomsky described himself as a
left libertarian. I surmise that he finds that grassroots oppression by
the left to be ok. I realize, of course, that "political correctness"
has great mass media & State support.
                                                   Yours Truly,
                                                   Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-11-17 19:33:59
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB6 1 of 2 
CYPHER-REBELS ELECTRONIC BOOK (CEB)  NOVEMBER 17, 1994
                             ISSUE 6
                    Publisher Gary Lee Jeffers
                   ccgary
THE ORIGINAL, FIRST, & OTHER "OFFICIAL" "ORGAN" OF THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST
               (That is still in existence.)
NOTE: Items bounded by /*  &  */  are new text - Differ from last issue.
   IS YOUR SOFTWARE TYRANNICIDAL? If so, Cypherpunks & the CEB
want to hear about it!
   A compendium of the best software & info for today's electronic
privacy Freedom Fighters. This text may be distributed in part or
in full anywhere you want. It may be given away freely or copies
may be sold. CEB wants to be free & valuable.
If, as Chairman Mao says: "Political power grows out of the barrel of
a gun.", then what is democracy?
remailers, mailing lists & newsgroups. We must have Fortress:
remailers, mailing lists & newsgroups!  */
    This file may or may not be found on ftp.csua.berkeley.edu
pub/cypherpunks/  ?  with filename CEB5.
                   TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1. PGP
   Section 1. PGP general
   Section 2. Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
   Section 3. Stealth PGP.
   /* Section 4. PGP2.6.2 from Sameer. */
Chapter 2. Steganography. "A picture is worth a thousand words."
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP
   Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
   Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
     /* ftp information added. */
   /* Section 3. Ed Carp's PGPWIND ver 0.1.g  */
Chapter 4. Generally cool things.
   Section 1. Loompanics sources.
   Section 2. Viruses sources.
Chapter 5A. Getting the Cypherpunks' archived & indexed list.
Chapter 6. Remailers & chained remailers.
Chapter 7. Current problems in Crypt.
Chapter 8. Text sources.
   Section 1. Books
      Part 1. Simson Garfinkel's PGP book.
      Part 2. Bruce Schneier's cryptography book.
      Part 3. William Stallings PGP book.
   Section 2. Rants
   Section 3. CYPHERNOMICON - Tim May's "official" Cypherpunks' FAQ.
Chapter 9. Cypherpunks' mailing list. getting on etc..
Chapter 10. IRC chat strong encryption?
Section 1. prig(cryptical)'s offering.
 CCCCCCCCCC    YYYY   YYYY    PPPPPP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC     YY   YY       PP  PP    HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRRR
 CCC            YY  YY        PP  PP    HH    HH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC            YY YY         PPPPPP    HHHHHHHH    EE        RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HHHHHHHH    EEEEEEE   RR     RR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RRRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRRR
 CCC             YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RRRRRR
 CCCCCCCCCC      YYY          PP        HH    HH    EE        RR RR
 CCCCCCCCCCC     YYY          PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR  RR
                              PP        HH    HH    EEEEEEE   RR   RR
    RRRRRRRRRRR                                               RR    RR
   RRRRRRRRRRRRRR
   RRRRRRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEE   BBBBBBBBBBB                  SSSSSSS
   RRRRRRRR       EEEEEEEEE     BBB   BBBBBBB               SSSSSSSSS
  RR   RRRR       EEEEEEEEEE    BB    BBBBBB              SSSSSSSSS
 RRR     RRRR     EEEEEEEE      BBB   BBBBB           SSSSSSSSS
 RRR      RRRRR   EEEEEE        BBBBBBBBB            SSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEE       BBBBBB             SSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRRRRRRRRRRR   EEEEEEEEEE    BBBBB             SSSSSSS
 RRRRRRR  RRRR    EEEEEEEEEE    BBBBBB             SSSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRR    RRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEEE  BBBBBBBB             SSSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRRR   RR       EEEEEEEE      BBBBBBBBBB               SSSSSSSSSS
 RR  RRRRR        EEEEEE        BBB  BBBBBBB              SSSSSSSSSS
 RR    RRRRR      EEEEEE        BB    BBBBBB             SSSSSSSSSS
 RRR   RRRRRR     EEEEEEEEEEE   BB  BBBBBBB        SSSSSSSSSSS
 RRRR  RRRRRRR    EEEEEEEEEEEEE BBBBBBBBBB      SSSSSSSSSSSS
            PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
           PPPPPPPPPPP       GGGGGGGGG            PPPPPPPPPPP
          PPP       PP      GGG                  PPP       PP
         PPPPPPPPPPPP      GGG GGGGGGG          PPPPPPPPPPP
        PPPPPPPPPP        GGG  GGGGGGG         PPPPPPPP
       PPP               GGG        GG        PPP
      PPP               GGGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
     PPP                GGGGGGGGGGGG        PPP
Chapter 1. PGP general.
PGP is Pretty Good Privacy from Phil Zimmermann. It is currently the
best available encryption available to civilians at large.
Zimmermann is the programmer on the original PGP versions but now,
apparently, just guides other programmers in making improved versions.
PGP uses two encryption algorithms: RSA for its Public Key powers &
IDEA for its bulk encryption. The advantages of PGP over other
crypt/decrypt systems are:
1. RSA algorithm. Allows users to communicate without needing a secure
channel to exchange keys. - PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION.
2. The program system has been very well done & has huge development
3. It has huge popularity.
4. Security is guaranteed with distribution of source code & public
5. Its free.
6. Both RSA & IDEA are "STRONG" algorithms.
Section 2: Michael Johnson's PGP FAQ contribution
Michael Paul Johnson  has an excellent faq on
 You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpj/getpgp.asc
It is also posted monthly on alt.security.pgp
   The latest versions of PGP are VIACRYPT PGP 2.7 , MIT PGP 2.6.2
& PGP 2.6ui & the new PGP 2.6.i . Which is best? I would say
MIT PGP 2.6.2 although PGP 2.6.i is a close contender. MIT's has
source code, Phil Zimmerman's blessing & is US legal. For a further
discussion of variations, consult Michael Johnson's FAQ.
Section 3: Michael Johnson's PGP bomb contribution.
PGP TIME BOMB FAQ
"There has been some confusion about the annoying "Time Bomb" in MIT PGP2.6,
as well as some other PGP version compatibility issues. This is an attempt to
clear up some of that confusion."
You can get this faq by anonymous ftp to:
ftp.csn.net /mpj/pgpbomb.asc
   /* Section 4. PGP2.6.2 from Sameer.
        PGP 2.6.2 is now available on ftp.csua.berkeley.edu in
        Not for export outside of the United States in violation of
ITAR restrictions.
sameer                                          Voice:   510-841-2014
Network Administrator                           Pager:   510-321-1014
Community ConneXion: The NEXUS-Berkeley         Dialin:  510-549-1383
 (or login as "guest")                 sameer
Section 3. Stealth PGP                                                   37
   Stealth PGP refers to a PGP file that does not have the
RSA prefix tag on the beginning of a PGP encrypted file or to PGP
utility software that disguises this tag. Possibly, a later version
of PGP with have this as an option.
   The advantages of "Stealthy" PGP are that its files  cannot be found
by Internet search programs that hunt for the PGP/RSA tag & that a
"Stealthy" file may be more securely hidden by a good steganography
Responding to my question "Has Stealth PGP been done yet?"
Mark Grant says:
Kind of, there's a 'stealth' filter available that strips and attaches
headers to PGP messages after encryption. It's available from various
places, and the documentation is available on my 'other people's PGP
addons' WWW page :
        There's also information about Privtool, my PGP-aware mail program for
Sun workstations at :
                        Mark
EMAIL: mark
URL  :  Chapter 2. Steganography "A picture is worth a thousand words."
                   =============================================
    %%             =             !I                            =
   %% %%%          =           !!!                 BB          =
  %%%* *%%%%       =        **!!**                &            =
  ***           =       u   \  x!             ) <           =
   *  ***          +   m              )         c   $          =
    **             =   #               k        }             =
                  =    $%-            &         u    =        =
 -------           =             +e$            ~    #      =
                  =       h      6&                ;    |    =
                  =         =,#                       {{      =
                  =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =                                           =
                 =============================================
                         STILL LIFE WITH CRYPT
                   +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
Steganography is the craft of hiding messages in pictures. The text is,
of course, encrypted text rather than plain text.
The current best steganography program has been done by Arsen Arachelian
Below, follows his text contribution:
WNSTORM is available from:
Usual routine to get it. i.e. cd /pub/crypto/software, get the README
file, and if you agree to the terms then follow the instructions.
Short description off the top of my head (I wrote the beastie)  Another
info scrap should be in the same directory as WNSTORM.
WNSTORM is a data encryption/steganography utility which is pretty secure for
most uses.  Unlike some stego systems WNSTORM is expandible, all you have to
do is write your own LSB injector/extractor for whatever data format you wish
to hide information into.
WNSTORM doesn't require the recipient of the host picture, sound, movie, etc.
to have the original un-stormed picture.  Unlike primitive stego programs,
WNSTORM doesn't compare an stormed picture with an unstormed picture.
WNSTORM will cover its tracks statistically.  If it changes a 0 bit in the
LSB data stream to a zero, or a 1 bit to a 1, it does nothing.  If it changes
a 1 bit to a zero, it will balance itself by changing an unused adjacent 0
bit to a 1.  Ditto for a 0->1 transform.
WNSTORM will NOT change every bit of the LSB in order to prevent detection.
It will use a passkey along with a probabilistic algorithm to decide which
bits it will change.  The algorithm for picking bits depends on the previous
succesfully encoded/decoded cyphertext AND the passkey.
Internally WNSTORM works by picking "windows" or "packets" of bytes out of
either a random number stream or an LSB stream extracted from a picture,
sound, movie, etc.  It then injects eight bits of cyphertext into this window.
Each window is of variable size.  The bit locations where the bits are inserted
are randomly exchanged for each pass.  The bit values are also randomly
exchanged for each pass.
WNSTORM includes an injector/extractor for PCX images, however I will write
more injecotr/extractor programs for it in the future, and OTHERS can do so
as well.
Chapter 3. Shells for PGP.
Section 1. Christopher W. Geib's WinPGP26.ZIP
I've just finished making an ftp deposit to soda in the cypherpunks/
 incoming directory of WinPGP26.ZIP; it's the latest version of the
 Windows PGP shell Shareware, and understands 2.6/2.6ui/2.7.
Dave Merriman
Section 2. Ross Barclay's WinFront 3.0
The latest release of PGP For Windows is in
        ftp.netcom.com:/pub/ecarp/pgpwind.zip
Several bug fixes, and an occasional feature or two :)  Now you can set the
font for the program if you don't like the default. ;)
Thanks to Dave Merriman and D. Morgan for beta testing.
The next release will hopefully have online help for the program itself, even
though it's pretty straightforward.  Comments, bug reports to me.  Thanks!

@_date: 1994-11-17 19:34:40
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: CEB6 part 2 of 2 
Hunt around & read his read file.
Files in this directory are not for export from the USA and Canada.
secdev13.arj -- Secure Device file hosted device driver by Artur Helwig
                of the Netherlands.
sfs110.zip   -- Secure File system by Peter Gutman of New Zealand
secdr13e.zip -- Secure Drive by Mike Ingle and Edgar Swank of the USA
Chapter 6. Remailers & chained remailers.
There's somebody who posts a remailer summary to the list about monthly.
     Admin (Admin of The Anonymous Contact Service)
*   There are three or four sets of remailers out there:
*   - anon.penet.fi, which gives you an account anNUMBER
*   which people can reply to.  Please, send a message to
*   ping to receive an anon ID.  You probably also want
*   to send a message to help to receive the help file.
*   Its big use is for anonymous Usenet posting with working replies.
   end of text correction. */
some also support Usenet posting.  Soda is pretty typical.
- The cypherpunks remailers, which are mostly one-way no-reply mailers;
- Various enhanced cypherpunks remailers, which have features like
encrypted reply addresses you can attach at the end.
You can get information on using the soda remailer by sending email
to remailer with "help" somewhere in the posting;
I'm not sure if it wants it in the Subject: or in the body.
That's the remailer that posts from "Tommy the Tourist" with
random NSA-bait at the bottom of postings.
Here's a recent posting on getting status of remailers.
Note that some really only remail once per day, so they may be
working fine even if it says they're not.
Hi all,
   I have written and installed a remailer pinging script which
collects detailed information about remailer features and reliability.
   To use it, just finger remailer-list
   There is also a Web version of the same information, at
   Please do not take the uptime figures too seriously, at least for
another week or so. The script has only been running reliably for a
few days.
   Please let me know about any other remailers which I missed. I've
only included remailers which can mail to arbitrary addresses, so I
already know chop and twwells are missing.
   If you've got a Web page, please feel free to include a link to
this page. If you think your Web page is relevant to the subject of
remailers, let me know and I'll link it in.
   Comments and suggestions welcome!
Raph Levien
# Bill Stewart  AT&T Global Information Solutions, aka NCR Corp
# 6870 Koll Center Parkway, Pleasanton CA, 94566 Phone 1-510-484-6204 fax-6399
# email bill.stewart billstewart
# ViaCrypt PGP Key IDs 384/C2AFCD 1024/9D6465
Chapter 7. Current problems in Crypt.
1. We need an Internet Chat PGP system for conversations in real time.
    /* HEY! ITS LOOKS LIKE WE'VE GOT IT! SEE CHAPTER 10. */
2. Has Arsen Arachelian really solved the problem of discovery of crypt
   in steganograpy by statistical examination of the least significant
   bits in his WNSTROM? I have seen no debate on this.
3. If the Feds capture the internet & put their anti-privacy hardware
   & protocols in place & outlaw remailers, does anyone have any idea
   how to build secure & effective remailers? A "Fortress remailer"?
4. If the above possibility happens & Cyperpunks' list is outlawed,
   does anyone have ideas how to make a "Fortress list"?
remailers, mailing lists & newsgroups. We must have Fortress:
remailers, mailing lists & newsgroups!  */
Chapter 8. Text sources.
Section 1. Books.
    Part 1. Simson Garfinkel's PGP book.
coming soon, PGP hits the mainstream:
   PGP: Pretty Good Privacy
   by Simson Garfinkel
   1st Edition November 1994 (est.)
   250 pages (est),ISBN: 1-56592-098-8, $17.95 (est)
     PGP is a freely available encryption program that protects the
privacy of files and electronic mail.  It uses powerful public key
cryptography and works on virtually every platform.  PGP: Pretty Good
Privacy by Simson Garfinkel is both a readable technical users guide and
a fascinating behind-the-scenes look at cryptography and privacy.  Part I
of the book describes how to use PGP:  protecting files and email,
creating and using keys, signing messages, certifying and distributing
keys, and using key servers.  Part II provides background on cryptography,
battles against public key patents and U.S. government export restrictions,
and other aspects of the ongoing public debates about privacy and free
       Stanton McCandlish
              mech
               Electronic Frontier Fndtn.
   Online Activist           Part 2. Bruce Schneier's cryptography book.
   The best book in cryptography is:
APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY  Protocols, Algorithms, and Source Code in C
by Bruce Schneier
Loompanics advertising copy follows:
 In Applied Cryptography, data security expert Bruce Schneier details
how programmers can use cryptography - the technique of enciphering
messages - to maintain the privacy of computer data. Covering the latest
developments in practical cryptographic techniques, the book shows
programmers who design computer software and systems we use every day.
   Along with more than 100 pages of actual C source code of working
cryptographic algorithms, this pratical handbook:
* Explains data encryption protocols and techniques currently in use
and likely to be used in the future.
* Offers numerous present day applications - from secure correspondence
to anonymous messaging.
* Includes numerous source code fragments and shows how to incorporate
them into larger programs.
* Discusses related issues like patents, export laws, and legal rulings.
  And much more!
1994, 7 1/2 x 9, 636 pp, Illustrated, indexed, soft cover.
APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY: $44.95
(order number 10062)
$4.00 for shipping and handling. UPS ground. Additional $7.50 if you
want UPS w day air(blue)- that would be $11.50.
Loompanics Unlimited
PO Box 1197
Port Townsend, WA 98368
    Part 3. William Stallings PGP book.
   William Stallings says that his new book will be out in a few weeks. d
The book's foreword is by Phil Zimmerman who highly praises the book &  e
states that he prefers it to his own documentation when he needs to look
something up! The book's table of contents, then the foreword follows:
                Protect Your Privacy: The PGP User's Guide
                            William Stallings
                    (Prentice-Hall, ISBN 0-13-185596-4)
                            Table of Contents
Foreword by Phil Zimmermann
Reader's Guide to the PGP User's Guide
Chapter 1    Protect Your Privacy!
    1.1  What is PGP?
    1.2  PGP Versions
                         Part I    HOW PGP WORKS
Chapter 2    Basic Principles of PGP
    2.1  Conventional Encryption
    2.2  Public Key Encryption
    2.3  Secure Hash Functions
Chapter 3    Sending and Receiving PGP Messages
    3.1  PGP: The Big Picture
    3.2  PGP is Not E-Mail
    3.3  Public Keys and Private Keys
    3.4  Digital Signatures
    3.5  Compression
    3.6  Message Encryption
    3.7  E-Mail Compatibility
    3.8  The Order of Operations in PGP
Chapter 4    PGP Features
    4.1  Multiple Recipients
    4.2  Encrypting Local Files
    4.3  The Display-Only Option
    4.4  Wiping
    4.5  Protecting Text Files
    4.6  Signature Options
Chapter 5    Key Generation and Secret Key Management
    5.1  Creating Public/Secret Key Pairs
    5.2  Secret Key Management
Chapter 6    Public Key Management
    6.1  Exchanging Public Keys
    6.2  Certifying Public Keys
    6.3  Owner Trust and Key Legitimacy
                        Part II    USING PGP
Chapter 7    DOS PGP: Getting Started
    7.1  Getting Started
    7.2  Key Generation
    7.3  Signing Your Key
    7.4  Extracting Your Key
    7.5  Preparing a Message for Transmission
    7.6  Processing a Received Message
    7.7  Adding Keys to Your Public Key Ring
    7.8  Certifying PGP
Chapter 8    DOS PGP Reference
    8.1  Message/File Processing
    8.2  Key Management
    8.3  Miscellaneous Commands and Options
    8.4  The config.txt File
    8.5  Using a DOS Shell
Chapter 9    Macintosh PGP: Getting Started
    9.1  Getting Started
    9.2  Key Generation
    9.3  Signing Your Key
    9.4  Extracting Your Key
    9.5  Preparing a Message for Transmission
    9.6  Processing a Received Message
    9.7  Adding Keys to Your Public Key Ring
    9.8  Certifying MacPGP
Chapter 10    Macintosh PGP Reference
    10.1  PGP Messages Window
    10.2  Help Menu
    10.3  File Menu
    10.4  Key Menu
    10.5  Options Menu
Chapter 11    Windows PGP
    11.1  WinPGP
    11.2  PGP WinFront
                 PART III  Supplemental Information
Chapter 12    The Building Blocks of PGP
    12.1  Conventional Encryption: IDEA
    12.2  Public Key Encryption: RSA
    12.3  Secure Hash Function: MD5
Chapter 13    Choosing Your Passphrase
    13.1  How to Guess a Passphrase
    13.2  How to Choose an Unguessable Passphrase
Chapter 14  Where to Get PGP
Chapter 15    Public Key Servers
    15.1  How to Use Public Key Servers
    15.2  Where to Find Public Key Servers
    15.3  Stable Large EMail Database (SLED)
Chapter 16    PGP 3.0
Foreword by Philip Zimmermann
This book is about Pretty Good Privacy, a program I created to encrypt e-
mail using public key cryptography. PGP was electronically published as
free software in 1991. Little did I realize what this project would lead to.
PGP has become the worldwide de facto standard for e-mail encryption.
        I've admired Bill Stallings's writings in computer science for some
years before PGP, and here he is writing a book about my program. How
can I talk about how great his book is, without, by implication, talking
about how great PGP is? It's hard to write a foreword for his book about
PGP without sliding into some measure of self-indulgence.
        I've been so close to this project for so long that I sometimes lose
sight of the scope of what PGP provides. I got the manuscript for Bill's book
in the mail the other day -- the book you are holding. Sitting down with it,
flipping through it, endless pages of diagrams, the formal treatment of it,
services provided by PGP. It wasn't till I saw his book on PGP that I could
step back and see PGP as others see it. The breadth of it. As a software
engineer, I'm used to either documenting my own software, or having a
random company tech writer document it. All software engineers get that.
But having William Stallings do the manual for your software -- it's sort of
like having your portrait done by a world-class artist.
        There are a very small number of software packages that have far-
reaching political implications. Most software that fits in such an influential
category has negative effects on our civil liberties. For example,
government intelligence agencies use a software package called PROMIS,
which is a powerful tool of governments to track people's activities,
movements, spending, political affiliations, et cetera. Now that is a piece of
software with far-reaching political implications. Mostly bad ones. Then
there is the software that the Medical Information Bureau uses to classify
people who file medical insurance claims, to put them on a medical "black
list", so that they cannot purchase any medical insurance ever again. That
software has far-reaching political implications -- enough to raise a large-
scale backlash in our society to do something about it. In most cases, it
seems that software that has powerful political effects is software designed
to strengthen the strong and weaken the weak.
        But PGP also has far-reaching political implications. Mostly good ones.
In the Information Age, cryptography affects the power relationship
between government and its people. The Government knows this all too
well, as evidenced by their recent policy initiatives for the Clipper chip,
which would give the Government a back door into all our private
communications -- an Orwellian "wiretap chip" built into all our
telephones, fax machines and computer networks. PGP strikes a blow
against such dark trends, and has become a crystal nucleus for the growth
of the Crypto Revolution, a new political movement for privacy and civil
liberties in the Information Age.  This government has done all they can to
stop the emergence of a worldwide encryption standard that they don't
have a back door into. And that same government has placed me under
criminal investigation for unleashing this free software on the world. If
indicted and convicted, I would face 41 to 51 months in a federal prison.
        Despite the pressure the Government has brought to bear against
PGP (or perhaps because of it), PGP has become the most widely used
software in the world for e-mail encryption, used by a variety of activists,
and anyone else needing protection from the powerful. It's also used by
ordinary people to protect their personal and business communications
from prying eyes.
        PGP may have a future as an official Internet standard, as the
Internet Engineering Task Force develops an interest in it. No one who
wants to work in the area of Internet e-mail privacy should neglect
studying PGP. Because of the "fax machine effect", more people who want
to encrypt their e-mail are getting PGP because everyone else who
encrypts their e-mail is already using it.
        Naturally, I want people to read the Official PGP User's Guide, which
comes with the electronic distribution package of PGP (also in book form
from MIT Press), because I wrote it. Also, I'm more entertaining and
personable in my book. And more political. But Bill Stallings' book is more
comprehensive than mine, more thorough, covering more detail, with a lot
more diagrams. He's really good at completely nailing it down in a book. In
fact, I'll probably use his book myself as my preferred reference to PGP.
Philip Zimmermann
Boulder, Colorado
PGP Fingerprint:
9E 94 45 13 39 83 5F 70
7B E7 D8 ED C4 BE 5A A6
Section 2. Rants.
For good rants FTP to soda.berkeley.edu   /pub/cypherpunks/rants
Section 3. CYPHERNOMICON - Tim May's "official" Cypherpunks' FAQ.
   This is a giant (1.3MB uncompressed) faq by Tim May.
To get it by anonymous ftp:
ftp to ftp.netcom.com /pub/tcmay  - This directory has it & its
associated files.
Chapter 9. Cypherpunks' mailing list. getting on etc..
This is Brent Chapman's "Majordomo" mailing list manager, version 1.92.
In the description below items contained in []'s are optional. When
providing the item, do not include the []'s around it.
It understands the following commands:
    subscribe  []
        Subscribe yourself (or  if specified) to the named .
    unsubscribe  []
        Unsubscribe yourself (or  if specified) from the named .
    get          Get a file related to .
    index         Return an index of files you can "get" for .
    which []
        Find out which lists you (or  if specified) are on.
    who         Find out who is on the named .
    info         Retrieve the general introductory information for the named .
    lists
        Show the lists served by this Majordomo server.
    help
        Retrieve this message.
    end
        Stop processing commands (useful if your mailer adds a signature).
Commands should be sent in the body of an email message to
Commands in the "Subject:" line NOT processed.
If you have any questions or problems, please contact
Chapter 10. IRC chat strong encryption?
Section 1. prig (cryptical)'s  contribution.
   Do we really have this capability now? According to following post we
do! This info has not been verified yet. You may want to experiment
for yourself.
Section 1. prig(cryptical)'s offering.
There was a thread a while back about encrypted conversations on channel
 on irc. I came across the software I believe they are using. Its
a package called Circ, and it is available from archives of
comp.sources.misc volume 38 issue 10. It is interesting in that it uses
RSA for key exchange, and triple DES for the encryption. The Circ package
includes an earlier implementation "socks" which is a stand alone
encrypted irc client. I think this is what they use on  This is
an interesting tool for a couple of reasons. irc can be as anonymous as
you want to make it. There are ways of hiding what site you're coming
from, your real username, you can change your nick often as you want, and
it's got a high enough usage that you can lose yourself in a crowd.
It supports background file transfers. You can create a channel and lock
it to uninvited people. It is supported pretty much net-wide, if you can
telnet, you can irc. Interesting stuff, and I'll be playing more with it
in the near future.
BTW: my nick is cryptical on irc. :)
Section 2. Ed Carp's offer.
   According to Ed Carp, the package has been around for a long time &
he's had it on his system for monthes. Ed says: "If anyone wants it,
they can email me and I'll send it to them, tarred, gripped, and
Ed Carp is ecarp
                                       PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                       WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                       BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1994-11-20 13:05:02
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Making Terminal Remailers Foreign 
THIS TEXT FOR EDUCATIONAL USE ONLY. I DO NOT ADVOCATE THE BREAKING OF
ANY LAW OR OF PROVOKING CIVIL LAW ACTIONS.
                 MAKING TERMINAL REMAILERS FOREIGN
Dear Cypherpunks,
   I have been concerned about the security of remailers & their ops &
I think I have found a scheme to give them an extra magnitude of safety.
With some little reflection, it is obvious that an indiscreet user
could compromise the safety of a remailer & its op. The reckless user
could violate local laws or could provoke civil legal actions, or could
be "politically or culturally indiscreet". My general software solution
could give a safety net to the remailer w/ op.
Firstly, I would like to provide a small glossary:
Collector remailer - The 1st remailer in a remailer chain.
Fortress remailer - A remailer that, due to technological devices, is
  safe from all political, legal, & technical attacks. An ideal - no
  such thing yet.
Hardened remailer - A remailer with security between that of a State
  Sufferance remailer & a Fortress remailer. Does not allow itself
  to be used as a domestic terminal remailer. It may have other
  political & technological safeties as well. This kind of remailer is
  the subject of this post.
Inner link remailer - An inner remailer; between the collector &
  the terminal remailers.
State sufferance remailer - A remailer that has no political or software
  safeties. Allows itself to be used as a domestic terminal remailer.
Terminal remailer - The last remailer in the chain.
   My plan concerns making the terminal remailer more secure. Obviously,
the terminal remailer takes the most heat & needs more security. The
extra security should be easily achieved by putting code into the
remailer that says:
"If mail being delivered to another remailer, then continue;
 If mail being delivered to a foreign country, then continue;
 If mail being delivered to a a domestic end user (not remailer),
 then deliver that mail to a foreign remailer & instruct it to deliver
 to end user."
   This scheme would insure that for that remailer, all mail
deliveries would be foreign. If there were legal or political problems,
then that remailer would be protected by its foreign jurisdiction.
This safety would not be bulletproof, but it would greatly raise the
cost of hassling the remailer. A cautious remailer operator might
choose a remailer in a country with really bad diplomatic relations with
his own host country.
   This scheme has the advantage that it could be easily implemented by
the concerned remailer operator without depending on cooperation by
others. It would also seem to be a fairly simple coding problem. Due to
the extra security provided to the terminal remailer, the remailer user
should also be more secure. In fact, I believe it would make the whole
chain more secure.
                                    PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                    WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCCK!
                                    BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                    Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-11-25 18:21:42
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Privacy Digest 
What follows is an advertisement by the Privacy Digest people. These
people have been around longer than 10 years. The information would
seem to be of interest to Cypherpunks. I HAVE PRESENTED THE FOLLOWING
FOR INFORMATION ONLY. I ADVOCATE NO BREAKING OF LAWS.
   Since these people are in Costa Rica, it will take more postage than
U.S. mail. Find out from Post Office how much. It should be less than
twice U.S. postage. Also, I have noticed that these people don't put
return addresses on some of their mail. You might consider doing the
The copied text follows:
                THE PRIVACY LIBRARY
PLAN YOUR ASSET PROTECTION AND TAX REDUCTION/ELIMINATION STRATEGY NOW!
Build your library of privacy protection services and income tax
elimination methods and procedures today. All programs are nicely
printed and come ready to be filed in any three-hole notebook for fast
use and reference.
[101] OFFSHORE PRIVACY CHECKING ACCOUNT: The [CAP] program is designed
to give the Client an off-shore confidential checking account and other
banking services which offer complete "secrecy" & "privacy" in his
personal and business affairs. Never an (IRS) audit or investigation of
your bank account. And no U.S. jurisdiction. Many other advantages are
pointed out in this program. Cost of this program, only $10.00.
[102] CONSULTING SERVICE PROGRAM: The [CSP] program is designed to give
the individual or company a legitimate tax deductible expense by
increasing expense deductions which reduces taxable deductions which
reduces taxable income -- you also make an additional profit from doing
so. You can use this program continuously. Cost of this lengthy
program, only $15.00.
[103] ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE PROGRAM: The [ARP] special program is designed
to allow the Business Owner/Stockholder/partner to sell his (receivables
in a CERTAIN manner that will allow him to PROFIT from BOTH sides of the
transaction. This is an excellent and very popular program for the small
or large business Owner/partner or Stockholder. Cost of this LENGTHY and
DYNAMITE program, only $15.00
[104] SAVINGS ACCOUNT PROGRAM: The [SAP] program is designed to give the
client a much higher interest rate on his cash deposits with SAFETY,
than he can find in the U.S. with the benefit of interest paid, TAX-FREE
There is NO withholdings and NO reporting requirements. Its all "YOURS"
to keep. Cost of this program, only $14.00.
[105] REAL ESTATE MORTGAGE PROGRAM: The [RMP] program is a first
mortgage investment, a 15% to 25% YEILD depending on your TAX BRACKET
with interest payable monthly, in ADVANCE and NO reporting requirements.
Minimum investment only $1,000 with capital investment returned at
your pleasure. Cost of this program, only $14.00.
[106] EQUIPMENT LEASING PROGRAM: The [ELP] program is designed to give
the client a method to buy & pay for cetain furniture, equipment, auto-
mobiles, etc, that he needs & also to give the client a (tax-
deductible) expense against his income. And the payments by the client
go directly to a FRIENDLY off-shore company. Got the "idea?" Ask us
how this will benefit you. This is called "DOUBLE-DIPPING" & most of the
other programs work in a similar fashion. Each leasing payment is fully
deductible against taxable income & you BENEFIT on BOTH sides of the
table. Cost of this program, only $14.00.
[106] FOREIGN CORPORATION PROGRAM: The [FCP] is designed to put the
client in FULL control of his assets, and out of the JURISDICTION of tax
courts, (IRS) etc,. It can create new (tax-free)income opportunities
and protect you from divorce court, lawsuits, etc,. Cost of this program
only $14.00.
[107] FOREIGN CORPORATION PROGRAM: The [FCP] is designed to put the
client  in FULL control of his assets, and out of the JURSIDICTION of
tax courts, (IRS) etc,. It can create new (tax-free) income oppor-
tunities and protect you from divorce court, lawsuits, etc,. Cost of thi
program only $14.00.
[108] FOREIGN CORPORATION MANUAL: The [FCM] manual is designed to guide
and instruct the client in the workings and mechanics of the (F/C). This
manual contains over (100) pages of situations and examples to follow.
By "flow-chart" and "diagram" you will begin to fully understand how a
(F/C) will be of definite benefit to you. A must if you want to protect
your assets and earn (tax-free) income. The cost of this very special
manual, only $69.00.
[109] DOMESTIC CORPORATION PROGRAM: The [DCP] program is designed for th
client who needs a U.S. corporation for a PARTICULAR purpose, or to do
business in the U.S. etc., but wants to have the "true" ownership kept
strictly "SECRET", or to bring in money from the off-shore (with no tax
consequences) for personal or business reasons or to control certain
assets in the U.S. with a U.S. corporation instead of a foreign
corporation (for certain reasons) or to start a new business. There are
many uses and advantages shown in this most informative program. Cost of
this program, only $15.00.
[110] DOMESTIC CORPORATION MANUAL: The [DCM] manual is designed to
instruct the client in the workings and mechanics of the "Domestic" (US)
corporation. As with the (F/C) manual, the (D/C) manual also contains
situations and examples to follow and learn. There are examples, "flow-
charts" and illustrations how the (US) "Domestic" corporation works
(hand-in-hand) with the (F/C). You will definitely appreciate this most
interesting manual. Cost of this manual, only $69.00.
[111] CLIENT LOAN PROGRAM: The [CLP] program is designed to give the
client or company  a tax deductible itemized interest expense. It is
also used for repatriating money from the off-shore side back to the
on-shore side, LEGALLY and without any income tax consequences. These
loans can be used to do almost anything the client wishes to do. This
very interesting program has some unusual advantages and benefits.
Cost of this fantastic program, only $14.00.
[112] VAULT STORAGE PROGRAM: The [VSP] program is designed to give the
client a "SAFE-HAVEN" outside the "jurisdiction" of his country to store
valuables, letters, coins, and other personal items, in a safety deposit
box in complete "SECRECY". This is NOT a bank. There is (24) hour
electronic, guard and police protection services. Cost of this program,
only $10.00.
[113] REAL ESTATE LISTING PROGRAM: The [RLP] is designed to give the
client a "CLOSING DEDUCTION" at the time of (sale) transfer of owner-
ship. This moderately reduces the income tax to be paid on the gain of
sale of real estate and especially since there is "NO-MORE" capital
gains break. The sales listing (fee) is paid to a very "friendly" list-
ing company. Cost of this different and unusual program, only $16.00.
[114] DIVORCE PROTECTION PROGRAM: The [DPP] program is designed to
protect your assets, investments, save your business and escape the
financial expense and loss associated with Divorce. While this program
is not necessarily friendly to the other side, it does put YOU in
control of your income and assets. You decide what is fair and what is
not. Learn the "DIRTY-TRICKS" of protection. Place your assets outside
the [jurisdiction] of the courts. Cost of this amazing "EYE-OPENER"
program, only $19.00.
[115] SECOND PASSPORT PROGRAM: The [SPP] program is designed for the
"intellignet" person who understands the importance and benefits of
having a 2nd Passport. It can save taxes, can keep your IDENTITY
confidential, better travel service and customs entry. It could SAVE
your life and also allow you a way out of your country should travel
restrictions be imposed by your government which, by the way, is NOT as
un-likely as you may think. It could allow you dual citizenship and
permit you to work and live in another country. There are many other
advantages and benefits. Cost of this informative and much needed
information program, only $29.00.
[116] EXTRADITION PROGRAM: The [EXT] program is designed for the person
who has really "SCREWED-UP" with the (IRS) in that he has WILLFULLY
violated certain laws laws such as (a) Failer to File a Tax Return,
(b) Failure to Pay over payroll money withheld, (c) Taking part in a
conspiracy, (d) Aiding and Abetting etc., just to mention a few charges.
This program can help a person avoid arrest , conviction and extradition
and to live in SAFETY with "PEACE OF MIND" and WITHOUT further fear of
any consequences. client into a precarious situation. Cost of this in
depth and informative program, only $19.00.
[117] GET OUT OF BANKING PROGRAM: The [GOB] program is designed to
instruct the client of the many, many "DANGERS" of using ANY bank
located in the U.S. or in any of its possessions. This program shows you
how to get out of banking with U.S. Federal Controlled Banks and how to
locate a Foreign Bank to do all of your transactions, or you can have us
do your banking for you through our banks, with all transactions done
with SECRECY and PRIVACY. No (IRS) audits or jurisdiction. Here, your
PRIVACY is assured. The cost of this EXTREMELY valuable information
program, only $12.00.
[118] CHECK CASHING SERVICE PROGRAM: The [CCS] program is designed for
the client who wants to cash personal and business checks but not
through any (US) bank. Also he may want his bills and expenses paid from
the (off-shore) side through the use of our (money-order/certified
check) service. Money coming in and going out is completely confi-
dential. No audit trails and no paper trails. Too, "cash" can be
returned to you. Cost of this most USEFUL program, only $14.00.
[119] CREDIT CARD PROGRAM: The [CCP] program is designed to give you an
"international" Visa-MasterCard used worldwide in complete PRIVACY.
Money can flow in and out of the account with absolutely "no-audit
trail" and "no-paper trail" for the (IRS) or government of any country
to examine and investigate. Card accounting and record keeping is done
in a [jursidiction] not subject to any government inquiries. This is
the ultimate way to spend cash and protect your cash in privacy. Cost
of this special program, only $16.00.
[140] OFFSHORE BANKING SECRETS: The [OBS] program reveals crucial inside
banking information by a prominent offshore banker, who has transferred
millions offshore. Before you consider doing any business offshore there
are VITAL items that you need to fully understand for the protection
of your money. Each country is completely detailed as to the secrecy
laws and how they affect you. This 100+ page guide, $69.00.
[142] SIDE STEPPING CAPITAL GAINS: The [SCG] program is designed to give
the client a clear understanding of the proper and legal techniques used
to reduce or completely eliminate "Capital Gains". This is a LEGAL
"loop-hold" not yet closed by Congress. This not only applies to real
estate but to investing in the stock markets and other capital gains
transaction. Cost of this progrtam, only $29.00.
[150] MAIL SERVICE PROGRAM: The [MSP] program is designed to give the
client privacy and confidentiality in the receiving and sending of his
mail as well as having a second alternative personal and business add-
ress, or office location plus many other advantages, benefits and
privacy services as pointed out in this "eye-opening" program. Cost of
this program, only $5.00.
[171] PRIVACY NEWS LETTER: The [PNL] is designed to give the client
continuous monthy information on a variety of subjects regarding
SECRECY, PRIVACY, and CONFIDENTIALITY and how to PROTECT, PRESERVE and
EXPAND his assets and develop tax-free income opportunities. This kind
of privacy information is not available ANYWHERE!! It will cause you to
"think" and you will definitely "profit" from this unique and infor-
mative privacy information source. Regularly $120.00 (annually). To
NEW subscribers, only $49.00.
[173] PRIVACY INVESTING OPPORTUNITIES NEWSLTR: The [PIO] newsletter is
designed to provide the investor with certain methods and special tech-
niques in locating safe and secure (tax-free) "high-yield" investments.
This continuous monthly information will provide you with all the infor-
mation necessary to protect and expand your investments. Certain con-
duits will be revealed to you so that your capital and income will be
known ONLY to you. The annual subscription is $144. But to NEW sub-
scribers, only $59.00.
                THE PRIVACY ORDER REQUEST FORM
Please rush to me today by air-mail all of the following privacy
programs where I have placed a check [/] mark. Fast delivery is very
important to me.
[ ] [101] - Check & Accounting Pgm    $10
[ ] [102] - Consulting Service Pgm    $15
[ ] [103] - Account Receivable Pgm    $15
[ ] [104] - Savings Account Pgm.      $14
[ ] [105] - Real Estate Mortgage Pgm  $14
[ ] [106] - Equipment Leasing Pgm     $14
[ ] [107] - Foreign Corporation Pgm    $14
[ ] [108] - Foreign Corporation Manual $69
[ ] [109] - Domestic Corporation Pgm    $15
[ ] [110] - Domestic Corporation Manual $69
[ ] [111] - Client Loan Pgm           $14
[ ] [112] - Vault Storage Pgm         $9
[ ] [113] - Real Estate Listing Pgm   $15
[ ] [114] - Divorce Protection Pgm.   $19
[ ] [115] - Second Passport Pgm       $29
[ ] [116] - Extradition Pgm           $19
[ ] [117] - Get out of Banking Pgm    $12
[ ] [118] - Check Cashing Service Pgm $14
[ ] [119] - Credit Card Pgm           $16
[ ] [120] - Retire in Costa Rica Pgm  $14
[ ] [121] - Pensionado/Rentista Pgm   $15
[ ] [122] - Resident/Citizen Pgm      $15
[ ] [123] - Car Registration Pgm      $18
[ ] [126] - Vacation in Costa Rica Pgm $12
[ ] [130] - Telephone Privacy Pgm      $29
[ ] [131] - Offshore Investment Pgm    $10
[ ] [132] - Offshore Office Pgm        $10
[ ] [133] - Mini-Offshore Office Pgm   $69
[ ] [140] - Offshore Banking Secrets   $59
[ ] [141] - Business Plan Guide        $39
[ ] [142] - Side Stepping Capital Gains Pgm $39
[ ] [171] - Privacy News Letter        $49
[ ] [173] - Privacy Investing Opportunities N/L $59
PRIVACY PROGRAMS TOTAL $ _________.00
Order 5 pgms (take discount)  < -10.00>
Order 10 pgms (take discount) < -20.00>
Order All pgms (take discount) < -50.00>
[01/94] TOTAL REMITTANCE $_______.00
(Print YOUR name and address clearly)
City:                 State:
Zip:                  Tel:
(Please send information Pkg. to a FRIEND)
City:                 State:
Zip:                  Tel:
Mention my name:  ( ) yes   ( ) no
PLEASE CHECK PRIVACY PROGRAMS ORDERED
Include the necessary funds - Cash, Check or Money Order (checks
held until cleared)
SEND TO: F.E.C., Box 959 Centro Colon Towers 1007, San Jose, Costa Rica
 Tel: 011 (506) 296-2597   Fax: 011 (506) 220-3470  [Ref:   /   -     ]
End of copied text:
                                           Yours Truly,
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-11-26 11:34:23
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Privacy Digest - Blk Unicorn , Frissell, Sandfort 
Dear Cypherpunks,
   "Captain Bob", posting as anonymous, subject NONE, has posted a most
disquieting post in reference to my original Privacy Digest post.
Urgently needed are the opinions of Black Unicorn, or possibly Sandy
Sandfort or Duncan Frissell as to whether or not the Costa Rican
reference I gave is a "STING".
   Cap't Bob says that the Privacy Digest people have not been around
very long. However, If I remember right, Eden Press referred to them
in their book PRIVACY more than ten years ago. Bob asks me what are my
qualifications? Well, I'm not an expert but if you look at me from the
correct angle I look like an expert.
   I posted the original Privacy Digest to other groups as well, so I
would like to send any criticisms of my post to these other groups.
                                                   Yours Truly,
                                                   Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-11-27 17:03:42
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Privacy Digest 
The return address on the brochure I copied from is:
Financial Engr. Consultants, Inc.
Box 959
Centro Colon Towers 1007
San Jose, Costa Rica
   Well, I guess that we really can't give them much of an enthusiastic
endorsement! - can we fellow privacy sneakers? You know, my original
Privacy Digest post is beginning to look less & less like the infor-
mationaly coup that I had intended it to be.
                                                       Yours Truly,
                                                       Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-11-28 20:29:35
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Privacy Digest - the future 
THE FOLLOWING IS FOR INFORMATIONAL VALUE ONLY & IS DOES NOT ADVOCATE
THE BREAKING OF ANY LAWS.
Dear Cypherpunks,
   Well, I think enough damage control has been done with my original
Privacy Digest post. Now to pick through the ashes & see if I can come
up with anything of value.
   The ideas & services presented in the Privacy Digest advertisement   e
are still very good. I think that bright segments of the upper classes
commonly do have access to these services. The trick would be to bring
these services to the class masses. I think that it would have been
hard to do this in the times before the great amount of electronic
privacy software & infrastructure that have been built up.
   Now that we have the tech. investment, I think that International
financial transactions could be privately done for the people.
What we need mostly are lawyers & financial experts that are willing
to deal with the middle classes & who are aware of & want to deal with
Cypherpunk technology. That would probably mean two or more people. One
would be the international law/money expert. The other would be the
communications expert.
   Do we have a shortage of lawyers who want to live & work in tax
haven vacation spots & get rich? If our Cypherpunk lawyers are afraid
of wrecking their reputations with States, then maybe they could get
"little" lawyers to do the front work for them. We seem to be up to our
asses here in the U.S. with lawyers & I hear they are starting to have
a hard time making careers. However, there is a huge market for lawyers
financial experts that is unoccupied in the masses money privacy area.
   As to the Cypherpunk tech.s, I think that for a good salary, they
could be convinced to go to a vacation spot & do what they really want
to do anyway. They would, of course, own a portion of the Corporation
so that a successful venture would mean a secure future.
   It really needs one model experiment to open it up. After that, other
groups could model themselves on the first & we would wind up with a
giant private economy. - a true free market!
   I would suggest that the team just start out with a couple of
services. I would suggest check & money order cashing & funds trans-
mitting service & possibly an e$ clearinghouse. Once these activities
were successful, then other services could be added on.
   When this business starts making good money, then they could afford
to pay Cypherpunk programmers for their work. They could also afford to
pay remailers for stable services. This would, of course, snowball.
More money means better privacy software & better privacy software
means a safer & more committed private money business & thus more money
for more & better privacy software & privacy infrastructure.
   So far, Cypherpunks & associates have been like "all dressed up & no
place to go". That is, we have a lot of good software & systems & hardly
anyone making good use of it. An offshore, money privacy business for
the general public that wanted Cypherpunk tech. would have use for most
of it & a demand for more of it.
   It is my view, that what is most needed now, is a model offshore
private money services company which uses Cypherpunk tech. & actually
makes money. With that as a nucleus, the TRULY private economy would
skyrocket & the Cypherpunk dream would be realized.
                                                   Yours Truly,
                                                   Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:28:25
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: rng & program docs. programs 
Dear Cypherpunks,
1. I need a good DOS software random number generator for a crypto
project of mine. Can anyone give me the ftp site & other d/l info.
of something good?
2. Also needed, is some software documentation tools. - shareware or
free. Here's the problem: I program in PC Assembler & C & although
I program structured & use modules, I find that when I have a lot of
subs that if I pick out anyone of them, that I have a hard time relating
it to the rest of the code. That is to say: if I start out with say 3
major modules & have them call subs that call subs that call subs, then
when I examine anyone sub, it is hard to understand its relation to
the rest of the code. Anyone recommend a program with an ftp site or have
any helpful info on this?
                                              Yours Truly,
                                              Gary Jeffers
Following is my military grade public key armored.

@_date: 1994-12-31 18:00:44
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Fake signature - cover charge 
Well, is this file going to be posted on Cypherpunks with a fake
signature, or will it just annoy L. Todd Masco? On my last post to
Cypherpunks, I legit. signed it with my very own military grade PGP
signature & encluded armored public key.
   Eric Hughes: It looks like this mandatory signing thing just isn't
keeping out the Riff-Raft! How about a cover charge instead?
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYY BBBAAACCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-02-02 16:01:21
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: The FIREWALL CHIP. U're phone always offhook? 
THE FIREWALL CHIP!  U'RE PHONE ALWAYS OFFHOOK?
   We have potential bugging devices in all our houses - The telephone!
Of course, when it is onhook, the microphone does not transmit... or
does it? Would the phone have to be rewired to render it always
"offhook" or would it be an operation at the central phone company?
If the present models would have to be rewired, then how about future
models? Much function is done thru chips & so could many of the models
on the current market be remote programmable? See the latest issue of
Mondo 2000.
   This problem demands a hardware solution. How about an adapter module
between microphone & the rest of phone?
                     THE FIREWALL CHIP
   The Clipper chip architecture was secret! Cypherpunks demand source
code with their security software! How about a demand for the "visable"
chip. That is - a chip with a known architecture - that can be tested
for integrity & is a general computer chip for doing software
operations & for doing i/o with electronic devices? With our property
being loaded up with sophisticated "trust me" electronics, it may be
necessary to have a general electronic "FIREWALL CHIP".
   The FIREWALL CHIP could have its applications software supplied by
various companies which would specialize in fields for
detecting electronic intrusion. Some specializing in phone audio, others
in vision telephones, cell phone tracking, & many others to be
   The FIREWALL CHIP will be a future necessity. It & its software
suppliers will probably constitute an outlaw industry.
                                         PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                         WWWAAAYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                         BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                         Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-02-11 15:26:37
@_author: "Gary Jeffers" 
@_subject: Secure Drive ver. & loc. ? 
Dear Cypherpunks,
   Does anyone know where the latest version of SECURE DRIVE really is
& what the latest version is?
                                           Yours Truly,
                                           Gary Jeffers
