
@_date: 1995-10-14 18:06:30
@_author: "Cedric Ingrand" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
You're talking gaping security holes. They're merely talking bugs. I
don't know if it's already been covered elsewhere, but I saw Jim
Clark at a press conference in Paris a couple of weeks ago, and he
more or less laid out what he intended to do about security:
"First of all, I am chairing an audit commitee for security. All new security-related and encryption-related mechanisms that we build into our products has to go through this audit commitee before being released. The audit commitee hires outside auditors, security auditors, particularly RSA and experts out of academia, Ron Rivest from MIT and people like this to do the audit of our security systems. Another thing we're doing is publishing the source code which does the security so people can just see what the algorithms are. Had we done that in the first place, if we had published our source code, people wouldn't say 'ha ha! It's easy to guess that you're using this gate as the starting point of the random number'. So we think that by publishing the algorithms, having a security audit by an outsider auditor... it's sort of like the accounting profession, they have an audit commitee on the board of directors, the audit is actually done by an outside financial institution and to some degree it's exactly what's happening in security. We think that we were the first company to introduce this technology to the internet and so we were the first company to come under attack. We were careless, and we're not going to be careless in the future."
I haven't seen Netscape deliver on this promise of publishing their encryption code, so I'll keep the promise on tape for a little while Best, Cedric.
Cedric Ingrand - cedric - +33.1.43.98.88.56.

@_date: 1996-02-01 07:17:48
@_author: "Cedric Ingrand" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-smart-card startup Inside Technologies 
The use of encryption is in no way forbidden in France. It just has
to be approved beforehand, which up to recently amounted to pretty
much the same (-:. But, due to industry pressure, things are changing.
Netscape can now market its secure server in France, as well as the
export-version browser. I haven't heard of anyone having their PGP
approved yet though..
Best, Cedric.
