
@_date: 1993-09-24 18:50:41
@_author: quick public key 
@_subject: QPK SOURCE ONLINE 
I now have David Colston's [5542837 source
      code for "CALL SECURITY".  I also have the IBM PC executables.
CALL SECURITY is an implementation of David's QPK (quick public key) algorithm.
If you are on BIX I can E-mail to you with binary attachments,
please specify which files.  I am not sure how to get this to an FTP,
BIX doesn't have FTP posting yet. I know it is done from BIX, help is welcome.   So, I will make this software available on my PC this *WEEKEND ONLY*
      The purpose is to S P R E A D this stuff around.  Please
      upload to an FTP, BBS or what-have-you.
      SEC_SRC.EXE 64668 bytes self extracting source code
      SEC_RUN.EXE 278542 bytes self extracting RUN TIME EXECUTABLES (PC)       2400 baud only  8n1 zmodem, ymodem, xmodem
      You will connect with Telix "qdhost" script.
      Enter full name (chrs (space) chrs)  please be truthful
      Password is   QPK   (in caps)
      Phone (501) 839-8579
      Voice (501) 839-3543
      I do not run a BBS, forget these numbers after this week end
      United States calls only,  honor system, please.
      email charliemerritt

@_date: 1993-10-04 19:09:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Mycotronix garbage 
I was thinking of sending a *registered* letter to
the NSA tech contact.  His home address.  Was going to ask him
if he thought such a company was qualified to handle all
of our secrets.  Would the escrow agents be the only ones to
know, or maybe the trash guys too.
QUESTION: is there a legal problem with this?
    Is there a legal problem with a CC:My congresscritter?
I think these jerks *have* violated the most basic security.
If the NSA continues to deal with these *fools* then
a congressional investigation of NSA is called for.
Hey - NSA - got your ears on?
You gonna letum get away with it?
Still consider these security *idiots* the ones to deal with?

@_date: 1993-10-04 19:59:07
@_author:  (p-1 
@_subject: RSA EXAMPLE 
Dear Peter Simons,
In your example P=5 Q=7 you are indeed using small numbers.
Dont forget that D*E should equal 1 mod ( (p-1)*(q-1)/G).
G=gcd(p-1,q-1) so in your example D*E=1 mod 12.
D*E can not have common factors with 12 (2,3,4,6) etc.
If E=5  then D=5, a nonsense situation.
   E=7       D=7
   E=11      D=11
your key will not work
* * * * * * *
Try this:  P=5  Q=11  N=55   G=2  (gcd(4,10)=2)
           (p-1)*(q-1)=40  /G  = 20
Good key!
 Message = 31
    31^3=29791  mod 55=36 so cyphertext=36
    36^7=78364164096  mod 55 = 31 so recovered message is indeed 31.
I hope this helps.  Charlie Merritt  [charliemerritt

@_date: 1993-10-07 10:49:20
@_author: Derek Atkins 
@_subject: WEAK RSA KEYS 
On cypherpunks
warlord (Derek Atkins) posted an example of a (small) RSA key.
He is perpetuating a dangerous myth about RSA.
He probably believes, along with most people, that for each
encryption exponent there is ONLY ONE decription exponent.
In fact there are AT LEAST TWO.  Yes, you have a "spare key".
Maybe many.  In fact I can generate RSA keys with "good" primes
that are hard to factor, yet the keys are WEAK - easy to break.
This is part of Derek Atkins' example:
In his example the decrypt exponent is 27.
The "spare" is 7.  The "spare" runs faster, too.  Go ahead, try it.
The myth is that "ED = 1 mod (m)".
The truth is as follows:
I showed this to Phillip Zimmermann and PGP keys are generated
this way.  At first PRZ checked to be sure G=2.  Then he found
that with random large primes G was almost always small, say < 17 or so.
So now he doesn't check.
HERE IS WHY IT IS IMPORTANT TO KNOW THIS:
Let's say my name is Denning.  Lets say there is a new government chip they want
certified.  They describe the (RSA) algorithm to me, in secret.  I look at
it from every angle I *can think of*.  Yes the skipj--- RSA algorithm
is good.  I say so in public.  No, I can't reveal how it works, but trust me,
my name is Denning and I know what I speak of.
Now the government starts producing KEYS for this new algorithm.  They
key escrow them to two agencies.  They also make sure that G IS LARGE.
The algorithm can be brute force attacked (search for spares).  They don't
give a da*m about warrants and escrow, the TLA can brute force any keys
they need.
Think about it, Dorothy.  We aint in Kansas any more.
Here is an example (using small numbers) of a weak key.
P=607   q=1213   n=736291
phi=(p-1)*(q-1)=734472    G=606
F = phi/g = 1212
E=5  D=485     (D*E)=1 mod F
M=40 (message)  M^E mod n = 55551   cyphertext=55551
55551^D mod n = 40
A spare key can be found every 1212 numbers, just add 1212 to D:
1697, 2909, 4121, 5333.....etc    They are all spares.
Charlie Merritt's rule of cryptography:
"Don't trust even RSA if you don't generate the keys; Know your source (code)."

@_date: 1993-10-07 15:29:21
@_author: 3,5,7,9,11... 
@_subject: Weak Keys? explained 
No, I did not mean I can find the spares of a well constructed key.
And yes, the best key has at least one spare.
What I meant was, if I were the NSA and wrote the keygen for
a crypto system I could guarantee that each key would have
a huge number of spares.  Enough, that if I were the NSA I
could find them.
How to generate a weak RSA key:
L1	If S+1 is prime then P=S+1
   else
L2	If S+1 is prime then Q=S+1
   else
In the example I gave R was 101  p=1+(101*2*3)  q=1+(101*2*2*3)
                      spare keys=606
There are many BETTER ways to make a keygen that will produce keys
the author can break.  RSA has no government trap door, but
I, and certainly the NSA can write a keygen that makes trap-doored
keys.  Ones YOU can't break, but I can, knowing my secret.
My example was a put-down of Denning's assurance that skipjack
is good.  RSA is good, skipjack MAY be good.  Look out for
booby trapped keys.

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:55:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: PHONE PRIVACY 
I would not trust this for hiding from law enforcement.
You can get the 900 service's fone records with a warrant.
If not law enforcement, then who do you need this to hide from?
You can use a pay fone to fool caller-id boxes.  Well, I guess
they dont hide the city.

@_date: 1993-10-20 23:47:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Photo copy money 
Everyone seems to say, no, no pattern recognition in Cannon copiers.
This pattern recognition is more than urban legend!  I saw it demonstrated
on evening news  Dollar in  Black out.
If this is false it is a well orchestrated lie.

@_date: 1993-12-14 11:10:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: CELP C Code - where? 
While skimming over cypherpunk mail a couple of days
ago I saw a reference to some C code for CELP de/encoding
voice.  Where can I get a look? Email charliemerritt

@_date: 1993-12-29 14:32:51
@_author: 7680 bits of data/sec 
@_subject: VOICE-Why not? 
Why isn't there a cypherpunk-ish voice crypto system?
I would have to guess that it has to do with compression.
Compression, lack of CPU and baud rate and money for gadgets.
Well I have been fooling around and I think we can get a
punk-phone up real quick.
  My system:
    286-12
    2400 baud modem
    sound blaster
With just this I can get poor quality recognition of speech, In realtime.
With a 9600 baud modem and nothing more than
CVD for compression algorithm, fairly decent speech is a snap
for the dumbest CPU.
Surely the crypto is a lead pipe certainty in realtime.
I would like to see this minimal secure phone system SOON:
  286
  9600 BPS (7680 bits of data/sec)
  sound blaster
  CVD
  "push to talk"  (one at a time, please)
  xor against prng
If we got this up, then people could improve on it, add "real" crypto
auto detection of faster cpu for "real compression" etc.
My point is we have to have something to improve on.
My 2400 baud 286 compression is poor quality, very poor.  But interesting,
it shows what can be done with nothing.  If the general feeling is that it
would not be too disruptive i could post a reconstructed speech
snippet UU Encoded on this list.  (.VOC)

@_date: 1994-01-19 20:24:37
@_author: Warlock 
@_subject: New PKS (Warlock) 
I got this from PRZ (as in PGP)
[Note:  see ripem.msu.edu:/pub/crypt/other for source+binary]
WARLOCK - A New Matrix-based Paradigm for Public Key Cryptography
       (C) 1993 by William J. Wilson and C. Larry Craig                  1. INTRODUCTION
The following narrative briefly reviews the functionality of contemporary private key and public key (PK) cryptosystems in meeting current and future private sector security needs.  To assist in meeting these needs, the WARLOCK paradigm for achieving matrix-based PK cryptosystems is presented and explained.  Sys-
tems based on this paradigm are designed as alternatives to RSA and RSA-hybrid systems by making available single, high-speed, full bandwidth systems capable of the basic cryptographic func-
tions of encryption, decryption, and source authentication (digital signature). The WARLOCK paradigm is outlined in the following paragraphs  with actual examples of system keys and step-by-step encryption, decryption, and authentications transformations effected by those User evaluations, comments and suggestions are solicited on the WARLOCK paradigm as well as the particular WARLOCK 4.0 PC imple-
mentation (available in C++ source code from file WARLOCK.CPP and in MS DOS executable code as WARLOCK.EXE).  Please direct such input to WARLOCK or Datasec Systems, PO Box 4152, Hunts-
ville AL 35815-4152, or by calling Wilson at (205) 881-8002.  User suggestions and improvements will be incorporated, as appro-
priate, and improved versions (as well as other implementations of the WARLOCK paradigm) will made available to interested users in the future.
WARNING:  The WARLOCK cryptosystem provided herein is a copy-
righted system protected by patents (awarded and pending) and is provided solely for private personal use and evaluation only. Modifications to (or copies of) WARLOCK source or executable programs must retain the warning and proprietary legend displayed on the first user screen.
The use of WARLOCK cryptosystems for private-sector commercial or public-sector governmental purposes is strictly prohibited with-
out proper licensing arrangements.  Licensing information can be obtained from the above-noted sources.
2. BACKGROUND
Today's telecommunications and information system designers contemplating cryptographic technology are confronted with a relatively limited set of choices and capabilities (e.g. DES, RSA, proposed NIST DSS (Digital Signature Standard), etc.) which, even when combined in hybrid systems, are inadequate in our opinion to the complex security and authentication needs of the burgeoning information age and the even more daunting require-
ments of the emerging digital multimedia revolution.  For exam-
ple, the NIST DSS and RSA systems suffice for authentication but are too slow for ordinary encryption/decryption functions forcing users to employ more complicated hybrid systems resulting in "double exposure".  Hybrid systems typically use the DES standard which has been widely assailed for its all-too-short key length (56 bits).  Nor has the proposed NIST standard met with a warm reception either since it presently provides only a time-consum-
ing signature capability.  In terms of variety, flexibility, speed, and selectable and provable levels of security, we feel that contemporary cryptosystems fall short of efficiently meeting the wide range of known and predicted private sector application security needs, e.g. encrypted digital voice and video, digital satellite communication, ISDN, wireless LAN's, source authentica-
tion, IFF (Interrogate Friend or Foe) protocols, smart cards, and a host of other emerging applications.
To meet these needs, the authors over the past several years have developed and tested scores of high-speed matrix-based PK crypto-
systems beginning with a patented private-key version of the Hill cipher and culminating in the development of the WARLOCK family of PK cryptosystems.  Our goal throughout has been the attainment of a single, full-bandwidth PK cryptosystem paradigm (with digi-
tal signature) of sufficient simplicity, speed, and selectable levels of security for meeting current and expected cryptographic needs of the private sector. 3. THE HILL PARADIGM                 In 1929 Lester H. Hill proposed a unique, matrix-based, block ciphering system (1.) unlike any ever proposed before.  Although manifestly linear and later shown to be susceptible of chosen plaintext attack, Hill's system represented a quantum leap in the art of cryptography providing for the first time a true block ciphering capability with strengths substantially beyond those of the polyalphabetic systems of his day.  If fact, if computing (but not creating) the inverse of a matrix were as difficult as computing its permanent, Hill would have invented in a single stroke the first provably secure public key cryptosystem complete with digital signature.  Notwithstanding, Hill's method, employ-
ing standard matrix transformations, established a new direction whose full cryptographic potential in our opinion  is still unrealized and one capable of nullifying in large measure the standard tools of conventional cryptanalysis.  Apart from the issue of cryptographic strength, Hill succeeded in inventing the first two-key cryptosystem and it remained only for Hellman and Diffie to establish a rigorous mathematical paradigm (2.) for one-way, two-key public key cryptosystems and for Rivest et al. to provide the first viable example of such a system (3.).   In a later development, McEliece developed a matrix-based public key system (4.) based on Goppa error correction codes.  Although inefficient in terms of bandwidth and initially lacking digital signature, his system demonstrated that workable matrix-based PK systems were indeed possible.  In spite of the fact that the McEliece system was recently cryptanalyzed (5.), it nevertheless represented a significant step in the evolution of matrix-based Still later, Rodney Cooper extended Hill's mod 26 systems to Galois Fields GF(p) and GF(q^n) to create a cryptosystem based on matrix theory and Galois Fields (6).  In essence, Cooper provided for a matrix of polynomials (subject to two moduli) to be used as an encryption key with the paramount advantage that  such ma-
trices can be made as large as needed to accommodate any required level of user security.  In fact, Patti (7.) has implemented such extensible multi-magabit cryptokeys in PC-based extended memory in which he also concatenates random bits with the plaintext vector prior to encryption to defeat linear attacks (cited in the above reference) as well as known-plaintext and chosen-plaintext attack.  Rather than trying to impress a known NP-hard problem into the service of PK cryptography as others such as Merkle et al. (8.) have attempted, we have employed a two-step process instead.  In the first step, we developed weak but workable full-bandwidth PK systems with digital signature capability.  In the second step, we hardened the resulting system by incorporating artificial com-
plexities in the key generation, encryption, and decryption processes with the goal of attaining selectable and provable levels of security -- ideally NP-hard.             Payne and McMillen's formula (9.) defines the number of nonsingu-
lar nxn binary matrices possible for each dimension of n and thereby the number of reversible linear mappings of n-bit strings possible with such matrices.  It is worth noting that such map-
pings are a tiny subset of the full range of (2**n)! possible mappings of unique n-bit values.  Unfortunately, as Chaitin has noted in another context (10.), all but a small fraction of these mappings are essentially noncomputable and can be effected only by table lookup -- as the small S-box mechanisms of DES exempli-
fy.  For the WARLOCK paradigm, one of the required private keys consists of a large, non-singular nxn matrix used to disguise the rectangular mxn public key.  In the implementation provided here, a smaller nonsingular nxn private key matrix is also required.  In the paragraphs that follow, the term "matrix" always refers to a binary matrix and all forms of the term "addition"  indicated by the + symbol designate addition modulo-two (XOR operation).
Supporting figures for the WARLOCK paradigm and the particular implementation are all found at the end of the paper.  4. THE WARLOCK PARADIGM
WARLOCK is a paradigm for a family of advanced, high-speed, full-
bandwidth, matrix-based PK cryptosystems with full digital signa-
ture. These systems can be operated in ordinary encryption/de-
cryption mode or in superencrypted mode, (achieving encryption and authentication simultaneously) as necessary with key and block sizes incrementally selectable according to security needs.             All implementations of the WARLOCK paradigm share certain common-
     - use of a single public key K consisting of a rectangular
       mxn binary matrix where m>n and where n is the system
       block size of plaintext and ciphertext
     - achievement of nonlinear plaintext to ciphertext mappings        such that for plaintexts A and B under key K, the follow                ing is true: MAP(A,K) + MAP(B,K) <> MAP(A+B).      - incorporation of secret "row identifiers" in rows                of the public key (which are injected in disguised form               into the ciphertext by the encryption process) allowing               a private key holder to identify public key rows                   selected by the encryption process.                - use of entropy increasing "noise bits" for selected
       bit positions of the public key not occupied by row        identifiers
     - use of a secret, nonsingular nxn matrix M to disguise the
       public key and to serve (in inverse form) as a private key
     - user-selectable key and system block sizes to accommodate        varying levels of security requirements
     - system key generation from user-supplied "key-seeds" or
       pass phrases of 1 to 85 bytes  As the example below shows, the public key for the implementation provided here is initially constructed of two parts -- an A-part and a B-part.  The A-part consists of a key-seed generated and triplicated nxn nonsingular matrix whose n dimension is exactly 1/3 the row dimension of the public key.
Construction of the B-part begins with a template matrix (T-
matrix) containing a diagonal of submatrices each comprised of "row identifiers" whose value and row positions uniquely identify each matrix row.  In the first hardening step, the area above the diagonal is filled with key-seed generated "noise bits" and the area below the diagonal is filled with "replacement bits" con-
sisting of key-seed generated but replicated row values.  The A-
part and the B-part are concatenated to form an mxn matrix where mn and where n is the block size of both the input plaintext and the resulting ciphertext.  The purpose of row group jumbling is to disguise the original A-part and B-part row group sequence.  WARLOCK encryption is accomplished by expanding an n-bit plain-
text block in a nonlinear manner to form an m-bit vector which is multiplied by the public key to create an n-bit ciphertext.  This multiplication is greatly hastened (as are all binary matrix multiplications) by the simple expedient of associating each bit position of the expanded vector with a row of K allowing 1-bits in the expanded plaintext vector to select corresponding rows of K which are added modulo two to produce the plaintext. In the first step of the decryption process, the ciphertext is multiplied by private key M_inverse to create the same value as if the plaintext had been multiplied by the completed T-matrix. Rows selected by the encryption process (whose row identifiers are encoded in the ciphertext) are then retrieved by a deconvolu-
tion process which removes the effects of the noise bits identi-
fied in the private key T-matrix.   Accomplishing the inverse of the row selection process employed during encryption serves to identify the original plaintext.
Like most computer-based cryptosystems, WARLOCK consists of three basic modules: a key generation module, an encryption module, and a decryption module.  Digital signatures (as well as superencryp-
tion) are accomplished conventionally by concatenating decryption and encryption functions employing appropriate public and private keys.         WARLOCK Key Generation
The WARLOCK T matrix is comprised of two major parts: an A-part and a B-part.  The A-part consists of a triplicated and expanded nonsingular A matrix as shown in Figures 1. through 3. and the B-
part consists of a set of rows each containing a unique 3-bit row identifiers as shown in Figure 5.  Note that the triplicated rows of the A part when selected always produce a "fat bit" consisting of 000 or 111.  These "fat bits" when combined with the row identifiers of the B-part in the encryption process either pre-
serve the row identifier value or complement it with the result that identifiers are recovered in original or complemented form.  For example, a row identifier 100 in a given ciphertext row position will be recovered either as 100 or as its complement 011

@_date: 1994-01-20 00:49:08
@_author: (p-1*(q-1 
@_subject: RSA Question 
an56238 on Jan 19:
The list is all the numbers less than N that are relatively
prime to ((p-1*(q-1)).
These are all possible D's for N  - the list is smaller
for a given e.  See below.
The number of D's for a given N and E is gcd((p-1),(q-1))
Some messages can be spoofed with more D's but the gcd
is the number of D's for all messages.
The distribution of these D's is one every ( (p-1)*(q-1) )/ gcd ((p-1)*(q-1))

@_date: 1994-01-21 22:27:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Remailers could maintain a constant stream of bits going,
inserting messages as they came in, then going back
to random noise.

@_date: 1994-01-22 15:06:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: New improved remailers 
I hope this is not a duplicate, I have not
seen cypherpunks resend it.  Problems @ toad, I guess.
Remailers could maintain a constant stream of bits going,
inserting messages as they came in, then going back
to random noise.

@_date: 1994-01-22 21:26:28
@_author: say geology 
@_subject: RE: A Message to my Enemies 
My objection to what you are doing is that it costs MONEY!
   You are WAY OFF TOPIC as reguards crypto.
   I dont want to know of your personal problems, thats what
   your close personal friends are for.
   I am tired of paying to get strange postings.
   When you leave the university and join the real woorld
   you will understand better.
   We dont hate you, its just that THIS isnt the place.
   Do what you want, elsewhere.
   If you walked into a class (say geology) and started in
   on your stuff they would call the campus cops, no?
   If cypherpunks piss you off leave them alone, they will do
   the same for you.
   As you recall, you asked me some questions about crypto history
   and I was glad to give you what information I had.
   I did not BS you, no I'll tell yo more truth.  You are off topic
   and people dont want to hear it - not here.  Take a freindly hint
   from a guy silently veiwed all this from afar, you are costing a
   lot of people a lot of money, for no good.
