
@_date: 1997-04-15 13:49:46
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: What's good for the goose... 
Hello all...
I was thinking about some things....like many other people, I really dislike junk email. How they get email addresses to send to is no mystery. So here's the idea. We've started seeing people change their email return addresses so that they can avoid spam. I've got a better idea. Make your return address "wallace , that's right... Good old spamford wallaces email address needs a little traffic. You'll want to change your SIG so that people don't freak out on you. IN FACT, and although I WOULD never RECCOMMEND THIS.  (notice the enunciation...'nuf said) I would be tempted, if I had the time of course, to subscribe the freak to as many lists as I could find, but of course I would never do such a thing, as that might at the very least make his communication links kind of active, bringing up the price of doing business for him.    Just a little idea....
      Chris DiBona
PS: Of course I would never do such a thing myself. This is information and ideas provided for your entertainment only...uh huh...that's right...for sure ;-)

@_date: 1997-05-15 02:38:54
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: RE: RSA, PGP IN LEGAL FLAP OVER ENCRYPTION TECHNOLOGY 
I don't pretend to be patent law knowledgeable, but I'll try to address this. While pure mathematics is unpatentable, the inventions based on it are not. Remembering you can't get patents on ideas, only inventions, I decided to go and check out the RSA patent and see why it has held up and been allowed renewal (no kidding. Think of all the trouble that could have been saved if renewal had been denied!)
This first thing I noticed is that not only is RSA patented, but so is Stego, under patent 5613004. The RSA patent is abstracted and here it is: ABSTRACT:   A cryptographic communications system and method. The system includes a
communications channel coupled to at least one terminal having an encoding device and to at
least one terminal having a decoding device. A message-to-be-transferred is enciphered to
ciphertext at the encoding terminal by first encoding the message as a number M in a
predetermined set, and then raising that number to a first predetermined power (associated with
the intended receiver) and finally computing the remainder, or residue, C, when the
exponentiated number is divided by the product of two predetermined prime numbers
(associated with the intended receiver). The residue C is the ciphertext. The ciphertext is
deciphered to the original message at the decoding terminal in a similar manner by raising the
ciphertext to a second predetermined power (associated with the intended receiver), and then
computing the residue, M', when the exponentiated ciphertext is divided by the product of the
two predetermined prime numbers associated with the intended receiver. The residue M'
corresponds to the original encoded message M. For the actual details of the patent go to IBM's patent server: Notice how careful they were to title it a "System" and a "Method". It is that they are patenting. I think if someone had good enough lawyers, they could probably challenge this patent using prior art claims, but what the hell do I know. I'm thinking however that the Secure Telephone Units had a dual key system, and were introduced by AT&T long before the RSA patent was granted, but I'm not sure. So indeed they are patenting the method of using the mathmatics. Which is thier invention, which is why (IMO) they were granted the patent.  I wish that they hadn't been able to get it renewed. It would have been nice to see how RSA would do competing thier software libraries against alternative competitors. Ah well, guess we'll have to wait another 17 years. Too bad.   Chris DiBona
-----Original Message-----
Sit down until the feeling goes away.
Jim Bell

@_date: 1997-06-01 05:01:30
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: RE: The Bible Code 
Hello again...
I see this sort of thing as being like when people see jesus in a bar of saop and charge a buck to the suckers who come to see it. Okay... here's the EMAIL code. I you read the following message:
On Saturday, May 31, 1997 12:10 PM, Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM and put it though a filter using the "bible code" method.. you get :
stupid dorks will buy this book.
3,5,6,.... you get the point.
   Chris DiBona

@_date: 1997-06-05 02:25:32
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: RE: McVeigh? Nimrods..... 
Okay folks...what the hell is wrong with you? First off, this whole McVeigh Crap is a bit off topic..but we all know this. The amazing thing about the string of posts has been that people have forgotten that He has been found guilty of murdering quite a few people. Guilty,  Guilty,  Guilty. Jury of his peers, dare I say, people like us all. Randomly selected. This is how our system works.
Yes there are flaws in the system.
Yes the US govt. has it's problems in the past, present and future.
Yes people have died because schnooks in DC have had thier heads up thier ass. Or not.
So whether or not you belive he did it.....how can anyone be _for_ what _happened_. People died senselessly, I can't believe that anyone (in this case Duncan Frissell frissell lets give credit where it is due) can be so callous and , frankly, sick , to say :
As to the Children of OKC, people who turn the care of their children over government employees or contractors do not place too high a value on those
Are you serious? You should be ashamed that you think this way. Do you think those children who died weren't cared for? You are a sick person who
should seriously consider therapy. Anyone who read this and said "Yeah!"  is
on the same plane.
To all the people who defend blowing shit and people up to get thier point Okay..so the IRA does it, and HAMMAS does it, and the CIA does it. So does PLFP the FARC and a zillion other terrorist groups. And it appears McVeigh did it.
But that doesn't make blowing up children in freakin' day care all right. Do you
understand this? There is no reason to blow up kids. It's wrong. For any Bad. Duncan...looking over your past posts.. .I've got to wonder if you were on acid
when you wrote this, many of your posts were fairly cozigent. But this? Do you have
children? Any  cousins who are children? A nephew or neice? Do these who may be important to you have parents who "care" about them enough to
scour the planet to find a good,safe day care that isn't withing the blast radius or
shooting range of :
A government office.
A large corporations headquarters.
A law firm.
A post office.
A town square.
A restaurant.
A bank.
Anywhere some asshole might have a gun and go loopy.
Anywhere some asshole might have a car be drunk and go loopy.
Anywhere some asshole might have a gun and a car and be drunk and go loopy. If they even could, I'm someone somewhere will find a way to fuck up that safe place.
You get the point, I could go on....but I won't.  Perhaps you should think and read
over your posts before you post again. The only good thing (and I mean ONLY) to
come out of the whole Mcveigh thing being discussed here on cypherpunks, is
that it has allowed me to add to my killfiles people who have for some had a prefrontal.
To all the dipshits who could possibly think otherwise. I should also mention it
is an EQUALLY fucked up thing to blow up adults.
Like my fellow Santa Clara County Resident Bill Frantz said :
For cypherpunks this comes down to: Make code, not bombs.

@_date: 1997-08-01 01:20:27
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: RE: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
This is all nice and good, but the question is who is Chris Lewis, what is his connection to northern telecom, what the hell do you mean by forgery, are you implying the technology that entrust has in it's secure kernal is stolen? Keeping in mind that using public domain algorithms is not theft, and also keeping in mind that they have a patent license from public key partners, which allows them to use the "rsa" patents, and keeping in mind that a fully featured certificate system is much more than just a cryptography product. Is the law being broken here? Is there a breach of ethics at Entrust?
To restate.....what's wrong with what entrust is doing? Everyone has had such a good time talking about spamming and cancels, but I'm really interested in how Nortel is somehow committing a forgery.
Also looking around the dejanews stuff about lewis, he seems to be a spam cancel freak yes, but no pedophile.
Dimitri,   you seem to be a pretty smart guy...enlighten me on this whole thing. Do you mean that Nortel has a hand in the forging of spam cancels? Or do you mean that they have a hand in forging software?
  Chris DiBona
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Wednesday, July 30, 1997 6:22 AM
I ask everyone on these two forums to inform Northern Telecom Forgers /
Bell North Forgery Research / Entrust that we will boycott their
"security" products as long they continue to employ the child-molesting
pedophile Chris R. Lewis - the biggest forger on Usenet.
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps

@_date: 1997-09-10 05:32:26
@_author: Chris DiBona 
@_subject: RE: Letter sent to SJ Mercury staff on CA SJR-29 ... 
The reason is because...
The sjmn is crap. Thier valley coverage is terrible, and when it isn't it's coming off ap or reuters. They commonly commit factual errors and thier business editor is a joke.
My friends and I in the valley don't even call it by it's name,  it's become known as the "Fry's ad" (for those not in the valley, frys is a large consumer and computer electronics shop. But on steriods. And they advertise like crazy all over the sjmn).
Remember SJMN motto: If it's news, it ain't here.
 Chris
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Tuesday, September 09, 1997 1:31 PM
 Date: Tue, 9 Sep 1997 13:26:34 -0700 (PDT)
 From: hua (Ernest Hua)
 To: business computing state
 Subject: Why no coverage of CA resolution on Encryption?
 Cc: hua
 Why was there no coverage of CA State resolution SJR-29?
 I find it using the search facility at:
      And the result is at:
       The on-line magazine has a full article by Will Rodger on this:
      Apparently there was some attempt by the Clinton Administration to
 cover up their lobbying effort.  I don't understand why the
 Administration would care about a California state RESOLUTION of all
 things.  Why does the Clinton Administration want to prevent a state
 legislature from speaking its mind?
 And what's with this attempt to claim "copyright" on that fax?
 Please get some answers on this!  The US Senate/House will be voting
 on important encryption legislation in the coming days.  The people of
 this country deserves to have a open, informed, serious discussion of
 one of the most important privacy issues of the information age.  We
 cannot afford to let a few intelligence and law enforcement agencies
 dictate policy TO us against our will.
 Ern
