
@_date: 1996-09-27 22:46:59
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: ssh - How widely used? 
:From: M.T.Hamilton (martin hamilton)
:To: cypherpunks
:cc: ssh
:Subject: Re: ssh - How widely used?
:> 	Theres a windows version, mac is under vauge development.  SSH
:> is pretty cool, but the code base is somewhat messy, and its shows
:> signs of its origins in things like systems calls not having their
:> return values checked.
:Shame it costs $$$, though I appreciate that Tatu needs to eat... ;-) :Perhaps Cedomir Igaly could be persuaded to release the source code to the
:Windows port he did ?  Anyone else interested in getting a little group
:together to hack on this ?  (under GPL or BSD style copyright)
I have a hackery botch job that I have done to make ssh run in a Windows NT
console session (untested under '95, but should work). The trouble is it
contains a mix of commercial code (which I do not own and cannot distribute)
and GNU code. Thus, I can use it myself - but not distribute it.
I was speaking to someone yesterday about this, as I was at one stage
thinking I may get the code cleaned up as much as possible (ie. only contain
GNU code) and release it to the masses to play with. Eventually it might
turn out to be something of use...
Doing this would, perhaps, undermine Datafellows and Tatu somewhat. As
someone who writes code to put food on the table, I wouldn't really feel
comfortable doing this. Tatu has spent a whole heap of time on this, doing
so wouldn't be fair this early. A freely available, albeit with no guarantee
or support and fewer features version of ssh would surely effect sales to a
reasonable extent?
I would recommend people buy the product. If you fell it too expensive, then
complain to datafellows about this. Eventually the make take some notice of
these complaints, or have alternate pricing structures that make the product
more attractive for your needs. IMO its not terribly expensive.
P.S. (Any replies to this please cc to me of ssh as I don't read
     CP very often)

@_date: 1998-04-26 21:12:17
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Position escrow 
Bellsouth do that here, sort of, with GSM SIMs. You buy SIMs with 'pre-pay' on them and after a certain amount of air time
have to buy another one. Presumably these are regular SIMs and the expirey
is done by the network.
There should be lots of these SIMs around in theory... can anyone say STM?
Check out  for details.

@_date: 1998-06-01 20:24:24
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
Standard marketroid talk, I think M$ still tout this, but not so loudly
these days. Last I heard they were trying to get C2 with network
connectivity, but that was a while ago (2 years?) so they may have given up.
I'm sure I would have heard if it had.
That said, C2 doesn't necessarily buy you all that much.
Sure it sucks, it sucks for lots of reasons. But for the average luser it
still better than plugins so thats why its taken off. And what make
downloading a plugin and installing that any better? Can anyone confirm that this has indeed been fixed yet?
I should also point out that buffer overflow bugs have been known for some
time (years?) with various unix mailers and their handling of .mailcap which
essentially amounts to the same thing.
Does anyone have a list of design and implementation flaws for CAPI? I've
had discussions with a couple of people about these, but never seen anything
Yeah... its crap, but not necessarily that much worse that some of the
others out there. If someone were keeping score on which stacks help up the
best against all the attacks of the last two years it probably wouldn't be
the worst.
Sure. 95% of the population does.
People need to be educated about important issues, and using lots of
complicated gobbledygook doesn't help. If you, like me, have a loved one
that isn't terribly interested in computers or encryption, then see if the
phrase 'modular exponentiation' doesn't kick there eye-glaze-secreting gland
into over drive.
I guess this is something Bruce Schneier has done well - a report for
technical people who will read it, laugh and say they aren't surprised, and
press releases with LOTS OF BIG LETTERS AND SMALL WORDS for the rest of the
population including morons that are the media.
I think everyone is waiting for NT5. Multi-user NT is at best an interesting
concept. I remember at university using (arguably buggy) unix boxen with
200+ users simultaneously, with relatively few problems, but I'll be really
surprised if NT could get close to this....
I am so looking forward to NT5, it should prove to be very entertaining and
perhaps a really good opportunity to educate the public.
OK, getting bored with this reply now, so here it goes, errors and all....
P.S. How does M$ sidestep the ITAR with ipsec code in Win98/NT5?

@_date: 1998-06-02 00:17:02
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
GoodTimes is a hoax.
I'm talking about a bug in Outlook (Express?) that will execute code when
email messages are opened.

@_date: 1998-06-02 04:16:03
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
Either M$ lied, or the Air Force should no better. In the former, the Air
Force should sue M$, but more likely its the latter. Why should the Air
Force have clue-full people when most large corporates, banks, governments,
IT companies and software companies do not?
Governments with large databases full of all your personal details and banks
with all your financial details are two really good examples of
organizations which should do a good job with system security and
reliability but invariably do the worst (some exceptions apply).
It doesn't really buy much. Most people will blindly download anything and
install it. If it doesn't install the first time by finding all the right
file locations, etc. and allowing the use to click Next every time, they
will start deleting files at random trying to remove it.
Perhaps I'm over stating things, but I'm a tad jaded from having to make
documentation and software work for morons (the public at large).
The M$ example is confined to a specific client. Many unix users use unix
because they are required too, these people are probably as clue-less and
luse95 users.
On average the number of clue-full 95 users against the number of clue-full
unix users is probably 10:1 despite luse95 large user base, quoting numbers
which I just made up of course and clue-full being defined by me, and able
to be redefined whenever I feel like it.
This is all beside the point - someone mentioned that a M$ mailer had a very
nasty bug, I just pointed out that can and has also occurred elsewhere.
It can wait. It seems plenty of others are waiting.... The issues most people complain about are not related to the WinSock API,
but poor coding in the stack that make stack overflows and memory buffer
curruption trivial. Similar bugs used to exist in the *BSD and linux stacks,
as with the streams library used by SCO and Solaris (although maybe solaris
has something funny there).
No, my shit-stack-off-the-week (I just decided now) goes to Ultrix stack
which barfs on unknown tcp options and hence is complete fucked when tying
to comminicate with a recent *BSD or linux boxes, solaris and possible
Sorry... don't know it.
Only because people are fed bullshit and lies by 80% of the industry
'consultants' who don't know much and use big words to cover this up.
I really think people would be much more willing if they weren't feed so
much crap at times.
Again, the above applies, but bear in mind that most people in the modern
media have little interest in the truth unless it helps sales, and if not
then just 'modify the story a bit'. It also helps to consider that most reporters are pretty dumb and lack any
real qualifications to talk about the things that they do, PC rag. editors
being a really good example.
Lets face it, we use the 'net and crypto, so we are dirty filthy prevented
peadophile unabomber criminals who are going to pervert the youth and
corrupt the America way. If you deny this it just proves what an
untrustworthy person you are.
Slightly different that NT5 though... I know people working on large Citrix
boxes with 2GB of ram and they speak quite highly of it, but their 40+ users
are running custom apps. with an NT4 like gui.
I'm not so sure it would work so great with 10+ people running Visual C++ to
compile and debug code.... where as unix boxen have been doing this for
years with 500+ people.
What really sucks is there is some nice ideas in bits of NT, only what
little kewl stuff there is has lost all credibility because of the
atrociously large bloated buggy code that constitutes the other 99% of it.
The real shame in all this is there is no really viable choice to the evil
borg. Not yet anyhow....
