
@_date: 1993-10-07 17:25:35
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Digital Cash Primer (fwd) 
->
Hey 'punks.
Anyone know of an elementary primer on digital cash?  I'm trying to get up
to speed on this.
I would like an elementary primer also.  How about posting the info to the list vice just to Shari.
Don Henson
PGP key avail on server or on request
could i also get some beginning info on this subject as well?
thanks in advance,
alex reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-16 15:07:18
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: William Gibson 
exist, read Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_ and you'll see my point.  Gibson's
futuristic view is not anarchy, it is multi-national oligarchy to an extreme.
 If you have read all his novels (I assume you have) you'll notice that he
mentions how the economy, and the resulting power from that pure
free-market economy, is of a corporate nature, and that power lies not in
the members of the board, but of the zaibatsus in themselves; that they
behave as organic beings.  His vision is far from anarchy, and his
version of free-market libertarian economics should never be confused with the
apolitical (antibehavior-control) aspects of anarchy. [also, I think that he
isn't trying to make political or economic statements with his books, but
that those details enhance the effect of his stories (just my opinion)] wondering: why not multiple forms of digicurrency?  This would decentralize
any kind of power electronic banks would have through monetary strength, and
ensure that those banks do not add themselves to the system as inconspicuous
political parties (anarchy is the end, and reducing, not creating,
political power is the means, right?).

@_date: 1993-10-16 17:32:19
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: William Gibson 
Freedom is a tricky word.  Is freedom from governoeconomic restrictions
"absolute and complete freedom?"  Skinner (the behaviorologist) would say
no, because the money which isn't under the government's control is under
some businessman's control.  Ayn Rand would say that non-scarcity isn't an
issue, i.e. when the sun dies, mankind will have found a substitute, etc.
You can't throw around terms like anarchy and anarchosocialism, etc. Anarchy means no rules, no rulers, period.  Rulers use many tools,
yes, including money, to coerce behavior out of people and enforce rules
upon them.  This includes the grand scheme of net-cash people are throwing
Some authors (including Rand) use fiction as a means to present their
individual political and economical theories.  Aldous Huxley did so in his
_Brave New World_.  Using numerous Rand works I could argue a pseudoanarchist
"free-"market state.  Like I said before, I feel Gibson is not intending
to argue any economic theories but to add depth to his storytelling.
laws which prevent American zaibatsus to form.  Some theorize that this is
the reason Japan has grown so fast.

@_date: 1993-10-16 19:31:53
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: William Gibson 
That assumes that the majority has a will.
You're also assuming that I am pushing Ayn Rand's pseudoanarchist
theories on you.  Quit it, I never made any statement defending her
I am not "keen on proof by fiction."  You are putting words in my mouth
just so you can have a moral high ground upon which to stand!  Again, quit
I'll make myself clear, OK?  Some fiction writers present ideas and
theories and philosophies, all of which are compatible metaphors in my
mind.  So if a writer takes 1000 pages to present her view of utopia, and
defends it with logic and clear-cut style, then she obviously has more on
her mind than a few opinions which she likes to spew.
Proof itself is circumspect; I could use statistics on almost anything to
run circles around you no matter where you might stand.  I never said you
could prove with fiction, but I did say that you could theorize using
fiction.  Ayn Rand did.  She said that people working for their own good
will prosper and that "resources be damned!" etc. etc.
Yes, with only a dictionary and obviously a closed mind you can define and
isolate anything the world!
 > I never said anarchy was easy.  If you want to starve, then that is your
choice; that is anarchy: nobody forcing you to behave as THEY want you to
by THEIR rules.  That is what a "free-"market economy does!  It removes government rule
over people and replaces it with business/oligarchial rule.
because they significantly lower scarcity, hence the non-scarcity requirement.
I have read a good deal on the nature of money; its history and its use. Money is a tool to perpetuate the power of its possessor.  Its use
doesn't neccessarily benefit the "ruled," but it certainly benefits the
ruler, otherwise it would not have been created.  Don't tell me that money
is a means to quantify value of product, and that it has no power effects,
because a Monetarist would show you why it does.   > > > You didn't read the book.
Again you do not understand what anarchy is!  Read Skinner's Beyond Freedom or
Dignity!  That is a non-fiction book with an incredibly scientific view,
so you should have no moral qualms at least reading it!
I said : "SOME THEORIZE."  I did not say that I feel this way!  Stop
attacking me for total bullshit!
Ok, how is it a circular argument?  You feel that monopolies cannot exist
without government intervention, yet at the same time America cannot have
monopolies with government intervention.  Your argument is contradictory.
 >  >
Obviously we BOTH have some things to learn.
Fine, may I suggest you read something other than a dictionary?
Freedom from others monetary sytems?  Freedom from each others guns?
Well, you can read alright, but can you _understand_?
Science IS faith, as much as religion is, but on a much more inconspicuous

@_date: 1993-10-18 13:02:19
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: ENOUGH ALREADY!!!(Was Re: Gibson 
I said this once, and I guess I'll have to enlighten those who were
ignorant enough not to read the first time around!
My first message ended something like this:  "how about multiple forms of
digital cash?  This removes a centralized monopolized bank as a form of
electronic power, i.e. the bank president could refuse digi-loans to those
elements of society he figured would usurp his(her?) bank's power."
Does this figure into the ideological framework of your newsgroup?  It
looked like, but if you still think that I am way out of line with that
comment, just drop a line and I'll have myself removed from the list.  OK?
 That's all for now, and please don't hesitate if something else like thi
bothers you!
-Sincerely pissed off at everyone who keeps sending me mail like this,
-Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-18 19:27:19
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: backing? 
see at the moment, other than the physical force of a government, which
would give digicash its worth, and somehow, human nature being what it is,
I doubt that would be a strong foundation for a digital economy.

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:38:07
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
the purity of the bullion and who (which government) presses it?  Gold
pressed by the Canadian government at .999 troy oz might not be worth a
whole lot as backing if that government collapses tommorow. What's to say it isn't iron pyrite or any similar looking
material if the government isn't there to back it?  Anything to say on this,
Perry?  -Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:42:48
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: backing 
I think Gresham's Law applies to authority-influenced currency.  I'm
trying to get a hold on this quote so hold on.

@_date: 1993-10-21 14:18:00
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: backing 
Ok, fine.  I'm listing the quote to add further detail to the topic:
public schools, is not quite true (at least, not in the form in which it
is usually taught). 'Bad money drives out good' holds only in
authoritarian societies, not in libertarian societies.  (Gresham was
clear-minded enough to state explicitly that he was only describing
authoritarian societies; his formulation of his own 'Law' begins with
the words 'If the king issueth two moneys . . .,' thereby implying that
the State must exist if the 'Law' is to operate.)"
 -Alex

@_date: 1993-10-21 14:22:59
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
My parents used to live in Canada and purchased some gold there; I was
using Canada merely as an example.  But the question of how the reputation
of a country might effect the reputation of its gold reserves stands.
Yes, but that would be at the expense of the owner, and if it looks like
gold, feels heavy in the hand like gold, and if it has the word Canada and
the number .999 stamped on it, then people (bankers) might take it at face
value (or might not, depending on the stability of that country).

@_date: 1993-10-21 15:42:53
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: re:700 Club etc. 
Well go to some other forum, we don't need your kind around here.  Someone against the "religious right" would probably say they (those in that
group) are brainwashed.  Those in the "religious right" would say they
(anti-religion) are possessed.  (other readers: please don't try to debate
this, ok?  I lived in a very religious town in Texas, so I know how they
The axiom of Mass Media follows: "Print, Show, Or Speak What Will Bring In
The Money."  Most folks get kicks out of watching cults like the RR
getting the bum rush, like most folks enjoy watching the accident scene. The Media plays no ideological favorites, it just gives the hungry masses
what they want. I disagree here (a lot is done in the name of national security/encryption
which threatens innocent lives), but even I won't diverge this far from the
intent of the cypherpunks forum to debate this.  If you do want to carry
this further, please drop me a line directly.
-Alex Reynolds (chrome

@_date: 1993-10-23 12:48:26
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Read R. Key's _The Clam-Plate Orgy_ for information on how advertising
companies (cigarette ana alcohol companies especially) add little
airbrushed renditions of subliminally pleasing sex scenes, with intent to
stimulate purchase of the product.  Its been done for almost 50 years now,
and started with the tachistoscope used in movie theatres to get people to
consume popcorn and Coca-Cola(tm) in great quantities.  Sales went up by 60%.
If you tried to sell the idea that your random number generator is random,
then the government would come back and say that there is no way to
determine random numbers, and if there was, they'd ask you why you would
be able to run it through a processor and decrypt it.
But then again, laws on subliminal information are practically null, and
those that do exist are never enforced, thanks to Big Business
Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-23 19:03:08
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
That wouldn't explain the rise in sales of popcorn, a hot food.
Advertisers have found that such "artists jokes" as you call them are
profit makers.  Explain why almost 90-95% of all hard liquor ads show a
glass filled with ice.  Ice is a subliminal artist's wet dream; there is
much to be airbrushed inside a piece of ice.  Explain why advertisers will
spend millions on an ad campaign in a magazine, where people only spend
1-2 sec MAXIMUM on that ad.  These guys who run the businesses know what
to spend the money on and where.
The idea of subliminallity is that you _don't_ see it when it _is_ there.
Key tried to go on Canadian TV awhile back with a program about his
research.  It was pulled after direct intervention from advertisers
threatening to pull their ads if the show went on; the TV execs behaved
predictibily.  Why were they so scared of something which you see as a joke?
That's right, advertising companies pay commercial artists dollars in lost
profit to play jokes.
Yes, but on a conscious level organization takes place.  Subconscious
thought is different.
Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-23 19:33:29
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
And exactly why should they be honest?  It doesn't profit to be honest.
Yes, I agree, but to the _conscious_ level it is noise!
If you don't want to accept something before first glance, you won't.
No, actually it is very true and scary as hell.
I'm not needing to quit anything addictive.
Could be, but the tachiscope experiment left me feeling that there is a
lot left unexplained, and much of it at our expense.
They fit into any ideological conspiracy you choose to frame it in, but
what happened then is what is happening now because it makes money, and
people like money.
You put too much faith in man's ability to control himself, you should
read up on Milgram's experiments as well as some Skinner and Pavlov.
Science is the faith in believing the universe is explainable, don't
deceive yourself thinking otherwise.
-Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-23 19:53:08
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Why?  Because you don't want to accept the fact that if you're out to make
money, you'll exploit any angle you can, including the dominance of the
subconcious over what the conscious perceives?
I also remember you saying in your last message that this was a hoax.  Why
a sudden change in tune?
I think it was a scientifically valid test (within reason) because the
control was a normal, non-tach show versus a tach/stimulus show.  This was
done repeatedly, and the results were conclusive, a 60% rise in popcorn
sales.  Other "tests" were done, changing "you want popcorn" to "do you
want popcorn?"  It was shown that adding the question provoked a stronger
stimulation to consume that without the question.
Again: You will see what you want to see, and likewise you will not see
what you do not want to see.
No, the key word is SALES.  Anything else is secondary to that goal.
The profit would certainly be lost to recover revenue without
subliminal stimuli and with your statisical exposure.
But the govt. and the like deny all charges when they are faced
with them.  Ad companies pull their ads; they don't respond, they don't deny. And that is the difference between reality and hoax.  Tim: Any input?
Well, my anecdotal evidence and experience includes readings from noted
behaviorologists other than Key.  So maybe this is a little more
scientific than first glance appears?  Maybe, maybe...
Your e-mail address says you are from MIT, so act like the scientist
you're pretending to be and read a little behavioral science first.
-Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-23 20:48:34
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Ego is such a strong influence.
Funny how you keep trying to mention subliminal ads and UFOs in one
breath.  You don't have anything stronger going for your argument than
your relation between subliminal ads and flying saucers?
Boy, you are really ignorant or you're really confused!
If body language were subliminal, we wouldn't respond to it on a conscious
level.  When someone shakes, or their palms are sweaty, we consciously
connect that behavior with nervousness (or at least I do).  The Japanese
culture rely almost exclusively on body language to communicate; if it
were subliminal they'd be clueless on what to do next!!!
Of course, but to quote youself, "that is all noise."  Subliminal
stimulus is much stronger than all three as a profit maker.
On the contrary, it has been _them_ doing the studies, and them spending
the ad money, *because* *it* *works*.
I have seen subliminal tapes for sale in Edmund Scientific in N.J.
Science uses the same tactics.  Actually you should know that I'm an
atheist before you rant and rave on how religious I am.  I didn't mention
that before, because I didn't figure it as any of your damn business, but
I am sick of hearing this "oh, another religious freak again bullshit."
On the contrary, I accept and reject theories which are obscure and little
known as much as I accept and reject theories which are well-known in
history.  The difference between you and I is that I seem to be a little
more open-minded.  The fact is that we are discussing a topic which is
little-studied (as I mentioned before) so it is little surprise that you
call this "unscientific," etc. etc.
I'm not a part of your bloody net-culture.  I don't choose to be.  I
attacked you and your elitist "rationalist-scientific" attitude, not your
signature, not your argument.
Hmm...read a little Dawson I see... Don't make me quote Dawson on this
one, you are totally clueless as to what mnemes are.
Ah, I believe we are talking about behavior control theory right?  So Skinner
and Co. are excellent tie-ins to this discussion.  If you would like a
bibliography, just ask, dude.
Sure.  You betcha.  I've heard of him before, is he involved with
conspiracies and that b.s.?
You tell me how and we'll duke 'em out, dude.
Remember Tacoma Bridge?  What a piece of engineering faith that was!  I
started to laugh at my physics teacher when he told us how it took
thousands of hours to figure out why a bridge suddenly started to twist.
-Alex Reynolds
"A scientist is a priest with more cool looking potions." -my sceptical
chem teacher.

@_date: 1993-10-25 10:19:08
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: That's all, folks. <thank God> 
This will truly be my final remark, as this subject is hardly pertinent to the
forum but has nontheless provoked some interesting discussion.
I am repeatedly told that I am a right-wing religious paranoid, have fascist
fantasies about government, and that overall I am a moron.  While I have
difficulty refuting the third claim :), it is unfair to make accusations 1
and 2 about me without any knowledge about who I am and where I stand on
societal issues.
What has never been mentioned is the fact that none of this subliminal
stuff has seriously been studied.  People (perry, woodhead, et al.) talk
about how unscientific, absurd, etc. this topic is, all the while ignoring
their (and my) ignorance about the subject and using studies as scientific
proof, which is a contradiction unto itself, as well as unnamed first-hand
sources "inside" the industry while not identifying their position.  Whereas
they would rather let it be buried for ideological reasons, I would prefer the
subject to be explored in the open scientific community, opening it the
pressure of scientific scrutiny.  My reasons as follows: I have read books
and seen, first-hand, experiments on the nature of behavior control.  Until
you have seen people turned into automata you cannot appreciate what the
experience gives to you as a human being: perspective.  I would not want to
be controlled by _any_ power, be it government, sibling, or economy.  If
there is a chance that there are means by which I can be controlled
_without my knowledge_, I want to be aware of the methodry of such attacks.
Is that paranoid?  Quite possibly.  Cautious and intelligent?  Perhaps. Perhaps there are those on this forum who would prefer to let sleeping
dogs lie and let corporations run free over people instead of the
government?  But I cannot speak for people, and I would prefer it next time I respond to a
message that the response is not a list of those "words put into my
mouth," as this discussion turned out to be.
You may call me names, you may ignore me, but the fact is the subject
remains as it is.  The matter has not been closed.
-Alex Reynolds

@_date: 1993-10-26 17:32:44
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: sure... 
..I'll do my best to provide you with some literature on behavior
control.  I've got midterms this and next week, so a more complete
bibliography will have to wait for a few.  _Beyond Freedom and Dignity_.  It isn't as scientifically rigorous as most
psych texts I've seen, but it's a good start if you want to really pursue
the topic.  Hannah Arendt's _Totalitarianism_ looks a bit into the nature
of behavior control from a poli sci view.

@_date: 1993-10-27 14:52:40
@_author: Alexander Reynolds 
@_subject: Goodbye 
forum, and to those who posted crypt stuff: thanks a lot. forum could use a maturity change from diapers to underwear, seriously. What is the attitude problem here?  The members of this forum should look
at the elitism which spews out only all too frequently.  It could place the
general ideal of anonymous crypt out of business with all the pointless
am still waiting...
