
@_date: 1996-09-11 13:27:48
@_author: Chuck Thompson 
@_subject: RE: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
Let's see if I understand you correctly.  The anti-child porn advocates are
only interested in votes and positioning themselves as more moral or
"better-than-thou"... in order to provide an icon for the "citizen units" to worship...
because they are too stupid to think for themselves, and therefore are
reduced to going on their intuition...
causing them to be unsympathetic to thinking?  What in the devil are you trying to say?  Maybe I'm one of those stupid
citizen units.  I just don't get it - I'd like to, but I don't.  How about
rephrasing your comments so that us average citizen units can understand
your wisdom.
If there is logic to the wind-up, it escapes me.  It seems to me that the
appearance of being in total control (dictatorship) is the last thing any
politician in this country would want to be seen (seen being the operative
word) as attempting.  Is this message spoofed from that juno kid?
Chuck Thompson

@_date: 1996-09-12 03:44:15
@_author: Chuck Thompson 
@_subject: Child porn as thoughtcrime 
The answer to the all the questions in the first set is yes, in this country
anyway, if they are interpreted by the legal system as intending to incite
illicit sexual acts, fantasies or obsessions about children.  The fantasies
or obsessions are assumed to lead to the illegal acts.
Well, I'd say that anyone who benefits materially from the distribution of
child porn is exploiting either the children, the pervert or both.
Most of them, in this country.  A few would be open to interpretation by the
about the >clearest examples of "thoughtcrime" one can find, where the
_thought_ is what is being >criminalized.
I agree that it is an excellent example for your proposition regarding
thoughtcrime.  I disagree that the thought is what is illegal, consequently
the subject doesn't work as the basis for your argument.  *Thinking* about
commiting a crime is not illegal, *acting* on your thought may be.  Exp:  I
can think/ponder about killing my enemy.  Until I do something about my
thoughts, I'm not guilty of a crime.  If I begin to discuss the commission
of a crime with you, and it could be proven that the discussion was actually
a part of the planning to commit such a crime, then, at the very least, we
are guilty of conspiracy to commit a crime.  Intent to commit an actual
crime must be proven.
pro-drug speech?
Hold on here..  you are making an invalid comparison.  To my knowledge,
there is no law against speaking in favor of child porn, any more than there
is against speaking in favor of drug usage.  It against the law to *use*
either of them.
fact that >much so-called child porn comes from countries where the actors
are of legal age.
do is There you go again..  being legal does not, in any way, mitigate it's
harmfulness.  There may be places on this earth where it is legal to
convince a two-year-old to perform some sexually gratifying act by giving
her a piece of candy.  Just because it is legal doesn't mean it won't scar
the child.  The effect on the child is what is illegal, in this case.
actual children, >so the argument that children are harmed is empty.
The argument is not dependent upon whether or not actual children are used,
any more than whether or not an actual gun is used in a robbery - the net
effect is the same.  Children are harmed by the promotion of child porn
because it leads to the abuse/exploitation of kids.
inappropriate, >etc., well, perhaps.  But what is the legal and
constitutional basis for restricting >such things?  Many opinions and
actions are vile and disgusting, but are not illegal.  >Under what
interpretation of the Constitution is the creation of a drawing depicting,
The >obscenity laws?
First, you must separate opinions from actions.  In this country, opinions
are not ever illegal.  Some actions are.  The illegality is probably (I'm
out of my depth here, not being a lawyer or student of the constitution)
based on various laws which would fall under the umbrella of "obscenity".
We, as a society, have the right to formulate, pass and enact legislation
which we deem to be in our best interests.  And, as long as the laws which
are passed do not violate our constitution, the underlying basis for passing
such laws, the fact that an individual may not agree with the law does not
give that individual the right to violate it without consequence.  In other
words, an individual may be able to violate a law without consequence, if he
can prove that the law is unconstitutional.
the Evil >Empire specialized in, i.e., totalitarian communist regimes, look
to the enforcement of >laws about what can be viewed or accessed from the
United States.  Thoughtcrime.
Your case is weak, because it is based on the false premise that the
illegality of child pornography equates to illegality of thought.  It is
overt action which is illegal, not thought.
Let those who believe that they have a constitutional right to "keep and
bear child pornography" violate the various laws and see if they can prove
that their constitutional rights are violated by the law which proscribes
such things.
By the way, Tim, I found your "translation" to be offensive, crude and
deliberately provocative.  I do, however, support your right to publish it.
Generally speaking, I find your missives to be enlightening and appreciate
the way they cause me to think carefully about my position on various topics.
Chuck Thompson

@_date: 1996-09-12 12:05:49
@_author: Chuck Thompson 
@_subject: Re: Child porn as thoughtcrime 
Well Andrew, pornography is meant to lead to arousal, which can lead to
aggression, which may lead to abuse.  It's a fairly common path according to
what I've read on deviancy.  Following is one association's opinion, but
don't stop there, read for yourself what some of the deviants themselves
have to say: An excerpt from the American Pyschiatric Association Chuck Thompson

@_date: 1996-12-21 14:59:30
@_author: Chuck 
@_subject: EBONIC.ORG 
Lets stop complaining and do something to promote dialectic harmony.  How
about an online Ebonics/English dictionary?  Yesterday, I acquired the
domain  for this purpose (ebonics.org and com were already
assigned). In the spirit of inter-dialectic cooperation, I hereby offer it
for use as an online dictionary.
This is, of course, a time-consuming effort to both design and maintain, so
offers of help will be greatly appreciated.  It seems to me that a
guestbook-type function might be the best way to allow interested parties to
add words, their definitions and pronunciation guides to the dictionary.
What do you think?  We might want to consider an opportunity for
illustrations too.  It seems to me that many of the Ebonics expressions I've
heard are emphasized through the use of gestures - often with multiple
digits pointing in various directions.
In order not to be seen as uncaring, I think it would be nice to ask the
Oakland School District to help.  After all, if anyone should know the
dialect, it would be them.  Of course, this will be an ongoing effort,
considering that the dialect will change with each new malapropism spouted
by some thirteen-year-old rap star with a learning disability.
Lets be clear about this. It will certainly be in the best interest of every
American  citizen to understand Ebonics.  Had this issue been raised prior
to the last election, my guess is that we would have all heard Clinton
campaigning in Ebonics.  Without an understanding of Ebonics, or a
translator, we might not have been able to understand him.  Think of what we
would have missed!  And that's not all.  Suppose that while stopped at a
traffic light, an Ebonics speaker approaches your car to ask to borrow it.
He says something on the order of "gheeowtdakamuthafucka!".  You respond
with "say what?".  Bingo, what we got here is a failure to communicate.  The
next thing you know, you're shouting at each other.  Pretty soon, shots are
fired and a crowd gathers around your car.  The car begins to rock, glass
begins to break.  You are arrested for leaving the scene of an accident and
for violating the civil rights of the Ebonics speaker.  All because you
didn't take the time to understand his language.  Having an unabridged
Ebonics/English Dictionary available on the net could help to save untold
numbers of people from having such an experience.
I hope the site will be up in a week or so, in the meantime, you may
communicate via the list or directly to me at .  Remember,
we be needin yo hep.
