
@_date: 1993-08-25 20:17:17
@_author: Chris Leonard 
@_subject: Viacrypt PGP source code unavailable 
PUBLIC NOTICE:  The question below reflects the curiosity of a cryptologically,
and mathematically, fairly naive user of PGP.
Isn't there some way to black box it the way engineers do with circuits?
If you control the inputs, randseed, message, keys etc. that goes into each
copy of the program aren't you going to be able to compare the outputs
directly.  Or are they going to be different everytime because of some randomization I am unaware of?  remember the naive part :-)  You may not be able to break PGP with a plaintext attack, but all you really
need to know is that the output of the unsourced VIACrypt gives the same result
as the freeware, don't you?
Awaiting enlightenment, please be gentle it's my first time :-}
C. J. Leonard  <cjl

@_date: 1993-08-26 18:32:37
@_author: Chris Leonard 
@_subject: .Comparing ViaCrypt and freeware. 
{Refering to my earlier post about the possibility of black-boxing the
  commercial ViaCrypt and comparing it to freeware PGP} I've been most gratified by the response (private and posted) to my question.
Thanks for the enlightenment.  The first few responses were diametrically
opposite in their conclusions, but after that what I have taken away as the message is that the session key is generated on-the-fly and would be different every time, although I guess I still don't understand enough to figure out why no matter what the program uses as randomness input some really bright boy capable of working real down close to the silicon couldn't fake up some sort of a test bed to spoon-feed the "randomness" to the program.  It's not like this thing runs on quantum randomness.  Is it?
As for why bother when the freeware is available, plausible deniability was
mentioned and I think that is probably the most convincing argument.  The
Jackson Games seizure, and other computer confiscations by law enforcement
are enough to keep any company from allowing a copy of PGP on the premises, it
also has a fairly chilling effect on those less brave souls who don't have
the power of their convictions and are willing to trust the government not to snoop on their E-mail or phone conversations.  The right to privacy can be eroded away because most people don't care to learn how the box on the desk works, let alone worry about exercising their civil liberties.  Hell,
most people don't even bother to vote.
I found out about PGP from the WIRED article on the cypherpunks, and I have been
doing as someone else suggested, turning other people on to privacy.  I have converted several friends already and they in turn are spreading the encrypted
eep-Kay o-nay rypting-'Cay,

@_date: 1993-08-26 21:02:39
@_author: Chris Leonard 
@_subject: viacrypt and freeware 
It was not my intent to speak to the *specifics* of the Steve Jackson Games
case, although your point is well taken.  My reference was more to the point
that as a reasonably well publicized event, particularly among the computer
cognescenti, that people (i.e. sysops and owners) have every reason to fear
completely outrageous and unconstitutional behavior from government agencies.
The law enforcement agencies are well aware of the value of making a high
profile example of how much they are able to get away with and be completely
free from any redress of grievances.

@_date: 1993-08-26 21:05:52
@_author: Chris Leonard 
@_subject: Apology 
Sorry for the last post.  It was sent to the board in error.

@_date: 1993-09-20 13:59:58
@_author: Chris Leonard 
@_subject: nonrandom string 
I address this to the list at large hoping that one or more of you can explain something unusual that I observed.  A friend of mine and I have been using PGP for several months and I just recently noted that in at least three
of the recent posts to me that the first 18 characters of the encrypted message were identical.  The first words of the plaintexts were not identical
and so I assume that these characters are something else, perhaps the stuffer
that I have heard mention of on this list.  This repeating string is of concern for obvious reasons (e.g. so much for anonymity),  and I would like to understand the cause of its recurrence. Please post to me and I will post a precis of the most reasonable suggestions.
