
@_date: 1993-03-25 23:22:36
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: A New Usenet... 
a possible idea is simply a modification of what ringuette suggested;
while i am all for anonymous posting, i believe that they should be
marked as such (or at least marked with some sort of alias so that
one knows which anonymous poster is which--for example, my actual name
is Robert Clark, but my user name on this system is Clark Reynard--
not because I am here illegally, but because the sysadmin of this
site (a personal friend) is unable to give me an account here for
political reasons).
irt the idea of a new usenet, i doubt that a 'new' USEnet is possible;
it is so firmly entrenched, by 'tradition' et cetera, that it is very
likely that what will exist is merely an improvement and expansion of
the existing usenet; however, i believe that alternative means of reading
usenet should exist; i have found, since rejoining usenet after
a three-year absence, that the signal-to-noise ratio has increased
greatly (and who hasn't noticed that?).  what is necessary, given the
constant increase in broadcast, is a correspondingly great increase
in 'broadcatch,' that is, the ability to find the information that you
actually wish to have (one man's signal is another man's--or person's--
noise).  thus, rather than have kill files, having scanning programs
capable of filtering out particular TYPES of data, rather than the poster
him- or her-self, will be of far more use than excluding a usenet poster
who may very well post a greatly useful file amidst a welter of
useless files.  thus, some sort of syntax/subject/type of data file
scanner (which requires asi--my acronym for artificial semi-intelligence)
is necessary to make the usenet actually new, and not merely IMPROVED--
usenet improves constantly.  if anyone wishes to comment regarding this,
rather than clutter the list with more articles like this, send them
to me, either here, or to rclark and i will summarize
and post.

@_date: 1993-03-25 23:38:26
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: To be a bit more clear 
Since, after all, the difficulties of broadcasting either anonymously
or under one's actual name are not really pronounced; given Ringuette's
idea of multiple remailing sites, perhaps several thousand, only a
few dozen sites would be necessary to serve as remailers to the
larger numbers of anonymous sites; this makes it difficult to trace
(unfortunately far from impossible); since each post of a person
would seemingly originate from a different site, and in additionit would arrive at that different site from a different point of origin
(since NNTP would not begin logging path until after it travelled
from site to site via email).  Now, to avoid the (inevitable) possibility
that one or many of the reposters would have been killed (or simply
gone down due to incompetence) each of the actual addresses would have
a list of possible sites to attempt to post the message from; the essential fact here is that there is no real way to guarantee
this so-called 'minimal moderation.'  the possible ways of circumventing
it, either by telnetting to different nntp ports manually and simply
coming from different sites, or by setting up a number of anonymous
remailers to actual anonymous posting sites (none of them having
a full list of possible hosts, to avoid a single person from knowing
all of them, makes it essentially impossible to track someone
determined to post anonymously; people have tried for literally
YEARS to avoid anonymous messages.  they ain't done it yet,
thank god.  a lot of people with useful information do not
wish to reveal their names, and this is their right.
of course, it will be abused as well, as it always has, but this
is simply something to be tolerated or ignored.  the backbone
doesn't have to carry these messages, and if it doesn't wish to,
another 'backbone' will arise that will.

@_date: 1993-04-13 17:28:43
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: alt.whistleblowers 
I suggest that as a first step in the process of making alt.whistleblowers
a reality, that we kick around the idea for a while, either here
or on alt.config.  If I receive a positive response, I will
post the control message myself.  Three possible choices of action:
1) Kick it around on alt.config.
2) Kick it around on news.groups, etc.
3) Kick it around here.
4) Don't even bother kicking it around; just create the group,
   and hell with anyone who doesn't like it.
So, what's the general consensus on the best course of action?
And, yes, I know that was four, and not three possible choices;
it's probably really eight or ten.
Robert W. Clark
rclark   PGP signature available by mail or finger

@_date: 1993-04-14 15:10:20
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: FWEE!  Re: alt.whistleblowers 
This would come into play as something necessary only after the
creation of the group, and at least the anonymous posting part
of it is already being studied by others, for entirely different
reasons.  And, in addition, the method of posting will be determined
by the nature of the group itself, which is only determinable after
a period of discussion.  For which alt.config is as suitable a
place for discussion as this mailing list.  In fact, the newsgroup
is better, since we'll be getting feedback from the Enemy as
well.  A fogware (not quite vaporware) FAQ could be provided at a moment's
notice, simply containing an explanation of the newsgroup and
its purpose (which would be a slightly modified carbon copy of
the Call for Votes; more vaporware), the list of anonymous remailers
at soda.berkeley.edu, and perhaps some cullings from more cogent
postings regarding the anonymity issue.
Then, as FAQs actually appear, it can be expanded.  I am capable
of doing this at least for the next few months, and probably longer.
Once the newsgroup, which I think would be unmoderated by its
very nature, or moderated in something of the same way as alt.hackers,
except that the accepted moderator-list would consist of any
anonymous remailer on the list in the FAQ (this, I couldn't do,
since I don't maintain the anonymous remailer list and couldn't
be guaranteed of getting it right).  In any case, I think that
having it unmoderated and not doing anything but posting a
FAQ every week should take care of it.  It's an unusual newsgroup
idea, but in execution it should be similar to existing newsgroups.
In any case, I think that beginning the discussion is appropriate;
if the specs for the newsgroup are to be changed, they can always
be changed before the posting of the Call for Votes, when everything
becomes Locked in Stone.
Robert W. Clark
rclark   PGP signature available by mail or finger

@_date: 1993-04-17 17:59:31
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: How to Block the Big Brother Proposal--Petition, fax, mail? 
I've looked into the issue a little more.
I think it's probably the most important cypherpunk issue.
Perhaps it _is_ time to write the White House.  But I think
individual emailed letters to the White House ought to be combined
with some sort of petition, carefully drafted, and sent by (telegram/fax/snailmail) and signed by everyone we can get, copied
as one of those mailer files like shareware uses for registration,
so that anyone can print it out, sign it and stamp it. Though individually-written letters would have a greater impact,
the sheer volume of mail achievable by a large crosspost
(I don't like massive crossposts, but one is necessary.)  of the
mailer, even if only .1% of the readership considers it worth
doing.  In addition, individual letters to government officials of note,
in particular Representative Rohrbacker (anyone have an email/
snailmail address?), Lloyd Bentsen and anyone else who potentially
could have an interest.
Does anyone have any specific input about what ONE person could
do to fulfill his part of the obligation to block this lame Nazi bullshit?
Again, I think a petition would be a good idea, but getting it signed
by everyone would be difficult, and signing it electronically via
PGP might be considered just a _mite_ provocative, like making a peace offering to William Bennett by offering him a toke off a
Any input?
Robert W. Clark
rclark   PGP signature available by mail or finger

@_date: 1993-04-17 19:08:56
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: PGP & RSA -> Legal 
If RSA wished to make it extremely difficult to get its
patent revoked, it could raise its regular price to something
on the order of $50,000.  Then, it could offer a $49,900.00
discount to those who would be willing to perform for them
the 'service' of writing to the government to complain about
any possible outlawing of cryptographic technology.
Then, if the government wished to illegalize this software,
since the software was legal at the time of purchase, it could
not be confiscated without due payment of value.  If thousands
of people were to say, "Hey, this software's worth fifty
thousand dollars, you have to pay that."  It would throw
at least something of a legal obstacle in the path of this
obscene government menace.
Does anyone know of any legal precedent which might be
binding to a case of this nature?  I know that eminent
domain laws are usually _very_ generous in compensation
for property seized for public works, if there is even
the slightest _trace_ of impropriety in their actions.
Robert W. Clark
rclark   PGP signature available by mail or finger

@_date: 1993-04-18 15:04:20
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Cypherpunks--Mission Statement Needed 
CP is for Crypto Privacy, because we feel that privacy and cryptography
are now more inextricably linked than ever.  We shall likely have to
use crypto to hide our crypto.
CP is for Changing Policy, both CP policy and existing government
policy.  CP is for Conscious Paranoia.  We know and understand the issues
involved, both the political and the scientific.  We _are_ paranoid,
but we know _why_ we're paranoid, and justify it as a _rational_
response.  [The use of 'paranoia' is loose, of course, since
the strict meaning and popular meaning differ widely.]
CP is for Cypher Punks.  Cypher because not only do we use cyphers,
but in a certain sense we _are_ cyphers.  Punks?  A contemptuous term
created by those contemptuous of those who fail to pay allegiance
to the Almighty Government.  Should it be a badge of pride, or a
shameful term used for a shameful purpose?
I believe that if we are to be effective, we ought to decide on
a number of tenets which just aren't in the FAQ now.  Tim May's
.signature seems as good a place to start as any.  Methods of implentation, boat-rocking and some form of plan
will likely be necessary.  Send mail to me or to the list,
preferably to my mail address at nyx.cs.du.edu; and I will
summarize and post, stripping headers if requested and eliminating
redundant entries.  The FAQ needs to be revised, I believe, to
reflect the current crisis, and I am more than willing to help
re-write it if anyone finds it agreeable.
Thank you.
[Aside:  I appear to be getting two copies of many letters--
 if anyone makes a snide comment about multiple postings of
 articles, I'll, I'll, I'll, uh, grin and look sheepish--
 and I wonder if others have this problem; it's not a double
 sub, per se, as some letters _aren't_ doubled.   Ah, well, it's probably nothing, just the side effects of the
 surveillance software.]
Robert W. Clark
rclark   PGP signature available by mail or finger

@_date: 1993-05-04 18:25:04
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: No CFV for soc.whistleblowers 
Based on the responses of a few cypherpunk members,
I have decided not to post a second RFD for soc.whistleblowers
unless I receive a significant amount of email requesting
that I do so.  Nor will I post a CFV.
I will simply let the matter be pigeonholed indefinitely.
While I find the imputation that I ought to be executed as
an Enemy of the People both offensive and absurd, it seems
that I could be acting retrogressively, though no sane reason
why I am doing so has been presented to me.
In either case, I will allow others to continue their efforts,
and would be pleased to help in whatever manner I can, but do
not wish to foment further splintering of what is already a
divided group.
I thank you for your support, and request that anyone with
any further comment on the matter mail it to me in personal
mail, unless it is of interest to the group at large.  If interest warrants, or opinion seems different than what
I understand it to be, I reserve the right to change my mind.
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-05-07 17:51:18
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: One-time pads 
Is there any publically-available software which allows utilization
of one-time pads?  I know it's just a matter of XOR'ing digits, but
something which would allow use by modem and transmit the pad itself
by PGP or another secure encryption standard, or the delivery by mail or courier of the pad itself to allow the future exchange of
information by a less-secure medium would seem to be something that
SOMEONE must have thought of doing; and while it's by no means
trivial, it would take a bit of work to program it with a snazzy
front-end, idiot-proofing and other bells and whistles.
Just wondering.  Oh, yes, I've posted an amusing little bit of propaganda to sci.crypt
and alt.privacy.clipper, a sensationalistic little hypothetical
proposition which I'd be happy to email anyone who is interested
and doesn't have UseNET access (is there such a person?).
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-05-21 18:50:27
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Whoops; and a question on information theory and encryption 
Just noticed that my last note had been posted already;
In addition, I'm wondering whether a plaintext/cyphertext pair is
considered to have a one-to-one isomorphism; in particular, in the
case where you have a plaintext/cyphertext pair but no knowledge of
the method of encryption, is there a one-to-one isomorphism?
In the case of a one-time pad, is there isomorphism, and if so, of
what sort?
Thank you.
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-05-26 17:03:41
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: VinCrypt 
Even as a former 'hacker' myself, the second to last person I would
trust not to install a backdoor (next to the NSA) is a hacker.
In addition, merely having been a systems hacker hardly qualifies
one for writing complex crypto software.  Without any assurance as
to the authors' qualifications for writing a crypto package, or
their integrity.  Even if I could trust their integrity, I'm very
leery of black-box software.
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-06-01 15:47:44
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: Clipperpunks Write Code? 
Actually, I think that writing letters is somewhat useful; especially
those of us who aren't very good at writing real code.  I plug cypherpunks
a bit in a Phrack article I just finished concerning my bust by the
police a few years back; maybe you'd like to check it out, since it may be YOU if this damn Clipper thing goes through.
This makes me glad I voted Marrou/Lord, and that I resisted the temptation
to be suckered by that sellout bastard Clinton.  I was worried that he
would turn out to be a Jimmy Carter, but it's far worse than that.  Carter,
at least, had some human decency.  Clinton has turned into the nightmare
resurrection of Lyndon B. Johnson, and is probably stupid enough to get
us into a war.  Damn all politicians.
If any of you read the Phrack article (I will not forward my article
to the cypherpunks list, as it is well over 100K; those who wish to
check it out can see it when and if it comes out; in all likelihood,
Phrack 43, which is due to be out in a week or so), and believe that
there is another publication which might be interested in it (I am
willing to re-write for lay-persons); send me the info.  Anyone who
just absolutely can't WAIT to read it can request a copy from me, and
I'll send it in three parts.  While my article touches only tangentially on the issue of encryption
(and my experience with weak encryption and with NOT having encryption),
it may be of interest.  Simply for your interest in cryptography, it is
apparent that we are about to face a McCarthyesque witch-hunt.
The government has already defined the terms of this conflict, and has
declared war on basic human liberty.  We must act accordingly.  I advocate
that the Clipper algorithm be discovered, if at all possible, by the comparison of the unlimited plaintext/ciphertext pairs which will be
available to anyone with a Clipper phone and a computer, and the skills
for differential cryptanalysis and/or IC Reverse Engineering.
If the algorithm is made public, anonymously, within a year, and in
so many copies that it is impossible to stop its distribution in electronic or samizdat form, Clipper is doomed.
And it must be doomed.  It's them or us.
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-06-01 23:45:22
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: How about it?  My letter to the Pres 
What about some form of my letter as the form letter petition?
Not as critical as I was, of course.
But STRESS issues he used in his campaign (Prescott Bush, opposing
Vietnam); and maybe one of his flunkies will have the smarts to
cope with it.  The email response for the form letter from
postmaster was very fast, so they have put money
into it.  Maybe they actually DO give a damn.  Try it.
Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-06-08 02:46:26
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: CERT 
I was disgusted and horrified to read that PGP had been removed
from soda, and gratified to find that it had been returned.
However, your experiences with CERT are not unique.  As could be
expected of any agency directly funded by Air Force Intelligence,
CERT is a genuinely ugly organization which needs to be stamped
out.  Frankly, it's a menace to society.  Examine their acronym.
Computer Emergency Response Team.  What a fucking joke!  Excepting
the Morris Worm, can you name a SINGLE Computer Emergency which
CERT has halted?  It is simply an organization to keep the crypto-fascists wired into the net.
I will assume, as you did not say otherwise, that you do not know
the name of the CERT person who reported you, for whatever ridiculous reason.  This is standard practice for CERT; it's
customary for them to hide behind a shield of anonymity
for the purpose of attacking people.
My life was severely disturbed three years ago due to similar
anonymous tips from CERT, and I have yet to discover the identity
of the CERT person who tipped off the authorities to me.  CERT
is yet another agency which is freed of Constitutional restraints
for a vague and undefined 'public good.'  If distributing PGP, legal in the entire Free World except for the US, is a "Computer Emergency," then I'm a fucking Republican.  Combat
this so-called Computer Emergency Response Team wherever you see
the tendrils of its evil influence.
Robert W. F. Clark               "Be sand, not oil, in the machinery
rclark              of the world."  Gunter Eich

@_date: 1993-06-09 05:42:19
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: CERT 
Granted.  However, as you say, they are terribly slow and inefficient
even at this.  While I read CERT adisories and clippings, it is rare
that I discover anything which could be called 'news.'
Perhaps, then, their name is inappropriate.  The term "Computer" seems
to imply they are involved with computers.  This is true.  However,
"Emergency," when modified by "Computer," seems to indicate that they
are involved in some way with "Computer Emergencies," whatever this
means.  When combined with "Response," the previous terms seem to imply
that they are intended to "Respond" to "Computer Emergencies," which,
as you say, they don't do.  They ought to change their name, or find
some computer emergencies to which to respond.
A quibble:  I believe you mean 'libellous.'  They are crypto-fascists;
that is to say, they are 'hidden' fascists.  (However, I'll grant that
calling them fascists is probably not productive, however amusing it
may be.)
[Peter Honeyman's comments deleted.]
I shall do so.  Don't worry, I won't call them crypto-fascists.  I
shall forward it when I send it.
Robert W. F. Clark               Stop the Clipper Chip
rclark             Proposal!

@_date: 1993-07-01 01:29:14
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: LEB corruption in Clipper phones--the backdoor? 
""L. Detweiler""  quotes:
I had heard this story, but discounted it as a 'cyberspace legend.'
If this is true, there's the damn backdoor, obvious as the ass on
a baboon.  As others have noted, simply using the old crummy alligator clip
method of wiretapping, sending a spike down the line at the moment
of connection, and perhaps even a simple non-IC device like a cable descrambler could tap it, as easily as a normal phone.
At the very least, you could record for later decryption,
and it would require no more field work than currently necessary.
Even with the corruption of analog media such as audio tapes,
wouldn't an all-0 key make error-correction for line noise
Corrupt the LEB, and any idiot could decrypt.  Even _I_ could do
that, with patience and at most a few thousand plaintext/ciphertext
pairs (available to any fool with a Clipper chip).  Am I wrong here, or is this, in fact, an idiotically simple flaw,
so elementary that even the NSA could not have committed such a whopping, cretinous blunder in "good faith"?
Robert W. F. Clark              rclark            clark

@_date: 1993-07-14 00:43:04
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Relation between number theory and cryptography 
Hi.  Me again.  I asked this one a while back and got no response.  sci.crypt
was equally unresponsive.  It concerns the possibly obscure
relation between cryptography, number theory and information
theory.  Is there considered to be a one-to-one isomorphism between
the units in a plaintext-cyphertext pair?  By this, I mean,
are they considered to contain the same information?
If not, does encryption lessen or increase the amount of
information in the units of the plaintext-cyphertext pair,
and why?  Is this affected by whether or not the key is known?  If the
key has been irretrievably lost, does this lessen the amount
of information, or does the 'potential' informational content
remain the same?
Is cryptography considered to be as simple as, say, Huffman
coding, for purposes of informational content?  That is, is
the relationship between the units of a plaintext-cyphertext
pair considered to be more or less 'transparent,' or entirely
Does the Second Law of Thermodynamics enter into this?  Is there
a minimum amount of energy required to extract information from
cyphertext, or a minimum amount of waste of energy?
If these questions are too difficult to answer in a short article,
does anyone have citations to a source which could explain this to
me?  I'm not certain how much research has been done into this
rather esoteric topic, and my main interest is theoretical, though
I'd be interested in knowing any practical applications of information theory and number theory to cryptography.  Robert W. Clark             Just Say No! to the
rclark        Big Brother Chip

@_date: 1993-07-14 00:45:41
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: WARNING:  NON-CYPHERPUNK QUESTION 
WARNING:  NON-CRYPTOPRIVACY-RELATED QUESTION FOLLOWS:
Are there any fast, quick, reliable
methods of forestalling phone disconnection due to failure to pay the bills, and the ugly reconnection fee which ensues
Being a professional deadbeat, and having given up phone phreaking
since my nasty bust--I did get off better than poor Phiber, though--,
I find phone rates extortionate.  This is not to say that I do
not intend to pay the phone bill; I have no choice, since there is,
as in most areas, only ONE phone company for local service.  What might have been called a 'vertical monopoly' in the days
of the robber barons, who have been reincarnated as phone company
In either case, does anyone know of any federal laws which one
can cite to delay a phone service shutdown?  I only need about
two or three weeks before I can pay in full (I'm waiting on some
blasted residuals on work I did months ago).
I've kind of stalled on this, and now have until Friday before
the axe-man cometh.  If you believe that your answer to THIS
question would be relevant to the list at large, please post.
If not, send it to me personally.  But please hurry; by Friday,
I may not be able to receive your mail.  [Oh, and for a partial answer to the second question, for anyone
in the same circumstance:  try 'sickness in the family' and be
vague.  If you've had a cold, it's more or less an honest excuse.
When the representative of the phone company goes silent, after
asking for the minimum you can pay immediately, do not say anything.
They are instructed to remain silent (as are any salesmen, myself
included) and wait for an answer.  Just stay on the line and not
say anything.  I waited five minutes.  Eventually they start to
talk; THEN, you've won the silence-battle.  Get them to cough up
the absolute minimum, and send THAT to them.  Complain about
the disconnect notice, saying you just got it, and it was for
days ago.  Then ask how you can pay it before the time allotted,
since if you sent it out today, it might not be there for days.
Get an extension.  Send them less than you said you would, claiming
any full-bore lie you can imagine; I used "car repairs," which
was half-true.  With similar half-truths you can forestall disconnection
for months.  However, I have reached the point where the phone
company is rapidly losing patience, and I want to know of any
sure-fire methods of delaying them.]
Thank you for your kind consideration and indulgence.

@_date: 1993-09-07 22:51:51
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Super Phones? 
Excerpted from "Wired," August 1993 Playboy (Not THAT Wired)
Reprinted without Permission
Spread Spectrum technology was developed for the military to allow
for high-security communications with crystal-clear reception.  Now Cincinatti Microwave has introduced the Escort 9000 ($400), a cordless
digital phone with Spread Spectrum that operates on the recently
approved 900 MHz radio frequency (that's 20 times higher than the frequency conventional cordless phones use).  This marriage of technologies gives the Escort 9000 a remarkable range
of about a half maile, superior reception and complete privacy.
"Previous attempts to bring Spread Spectrum to the consumer market
have been too costly and too bulky for personal use," said
Cincinatti Microwave president Jacques Robinson, who sells the
phones directly to the public.  (Call 800-433-3487 for more
information or to order one.)  Another company, Cobra, incorporates
CM's Spread Spectrum technology into its latest 900 MHz model, and AT & T will introduce a 900 MHz Spread Spectrum phone in the fall.
Tropez and Panasonic also offer 900 MHz phones (without Spread
Spectrum).  It is rumored that the range for some 900 MHz phones
could be increased in the future to up to seven miles, which means that one could serve as an around-town alternative to a cellular
---END EXCERPT
Now, here's my problem with this nice-sounding product.  I called
the 800 number to ask for an explanation of this product, which
immediately aroused my suspicion.
From my conversation with the receptionist on the other end
of the phone, which was somewhat less than informative, the
idea of Spread Spectrum technology is that the signal is
spread out into individual packets on different wavelengths,
then reconstituted at the other end, using some sort of session
key generated at the beginning of each transaction.
Considering the rather lax security of high-ranking government
and military officials with phone technology, recent eavesdropping
on Air Force One and the White House most glaringly, I find
it difficult to accept as kosher any security scheme created
by the government and then offered to private industry.
More chillingly, the receptionist told me that no one would be
able to perform surveillance on me "except the government."
Alerted to this possibility, I immediately asked whether it had the Clipper Chip or the Capstone, or whether there was some
sort of key escrow involved.
This got me put on hold for a couple minutes.
Then the receptionist returned, and told me that the person from
the engineering department who took care of the phones had indicated
that not even the government had the technology to monitor these
Upon asking how and why the government might do this, I received
a rather chilly notification that the engineering department,
was, of course, unwilling to reveal these secrets.  Well, it was
worth a try.
I gave them my address so that they could send me further information.
More reports forthcoming.
You can contact Cincinatti Microwave by telephone at:
(800) 433-3487
or by snailmail at:
Cincinatti Microwave
1 Microwave Plaza             Cincinatti, OH 45249
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-11-09 08:28:39
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Clipper and Tipper on Route 666 
I must say I had never considered the possibility that
the Data Superhighway itself might be a scam; but it's
an interesting possibility.  With all the hideous legislative work they cribbed from
the Bush clan, a former CIA chief; how surprised would
you be to find that the Data Superhighway AND Clipper
Chip proposals were intended to be enacted almost simultaneously;
to rein in the Internet.
Perhaps the spooks have, as we all know, been buying
CD-ROMS and grepping 'em.  It could be a conspiracy
to establish complete government surveillance of
all computer equipment.
I may simply be being paranoid, here, but in political
situations which smack of unlikely coincidence; one
must occasionally ask the rhetorical question _Cui bono_?
In this case, a number of people stand to benefit;
and, oddly, the people seem to be predominantly in
the government.
I'm not entirely serious about this theory, and
I do present it semi-satirically, as a perspicacious
few may have noted; but perhaps the topic shall
stir up a bit of debate.
"Route 666."  I like that.  How does one get
hold of Pat Robertson's people?  And get him
to think we're good Christian boys, so they'll
do it?  I think Pat's _already_ pissed about
this Clipper thing, and he'd be happy to talk
about evil liberal perfidy in the White House.
Anyone have their FAX numbers and addresses?
Robert W. F. Clark                        PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-09 12:23:13
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: Is Clipper Almost Dead? (was: Clipper and Tipper on Route 666) 
Does anyone wish to second the notion?
I do.  I think it would be very important if we could attempt to
sway the Christian right into this; it is certain we
probably don't agree on many issues, and the "700 Club"
anti-Clipper piece was very effective, good video.
If you don't believe me, watch it.  They almost seem
to agree with us entirely on the issue of cryptography.
Perhaps it's time for a _new_ group; the cyphermonks.
I nominate St. John the Divine as a patron saint.
Robert W. F. Clark                 PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-12 05:24:46
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Bandwidth limitations 
Apparently, information-theoretically, there is a limit to the
bandwidth available in any given area of space before overlapping
of signal occurs.  While I don't agree that it is likely to occur soon, eventually
we will hit an information bottleneck; probably somewhere after
we manage to use subquantal particles as signal-carriers.
Our current system would, indeed, allow people to fax themselves
regularly; in fact, I occasionally fax things to myself already.
However, when people start doing genuinely exotic things, such
as emailing their entire genome to their doctor; or emailing
vast files on self-administered MRI tests to the hospital;
or transmitting graphical images of components for something
as simple as factory work; then we'll seriously have to think
about theoretical bandwidth limitations.
However, with any luck we'll be off the planet, and will have
the infinite bandwidth we need by the time we need it.
Robert W. F. Clark                   PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-12 05:43:43
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Are we gatewayed to Usenet 
Never.  I don't _ever_ want to see this made into a
'semi-private' mailing list.  Extropians, for example,
does this, and it's ended up being an incestuous,
closed group, with extremely low signal-to-noise
ratio; as the same groups of people chatter and blather about the same subjects to no end.
I'd rather have the list the way it is.  At least
the noise is usually _new_ noise; and new signal
comes in constantly.
I even prefer it with L. Detweiler; perhaps he'll
cease his rather garbled rants and return
to being a constructive poster.
In any case, if this sort of thing were ever to be put to
a vote, I'd be emailing everyone I knew not to have anything
to do with such a giddy, doomed proposal.
Robert W. F. Clark                   PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-12 05:53:41
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Phiber Optik, and miscellaneous ramblings 
True; after reading a number of the charges against him,
it appears they just threw whatever they could at him,
in the hopes that something would stick.
I find it oddly revolting that if a gang of teenage hoodlums
were to enter a school and vandalize it, physically destroying
the computers with hammers and spray paint, they would be
considered harmless 'wild boys' and probably get a fine.
Reform school at most.
This is fine by me, however; if a fucking _smart_ kid just _accesses_
the piece of shit PCs that schools use, and alters his grade, then,
in most states, that is considered a hideous crime worthy of
federal crime.
Granted, Phiber did a good deal more than that, but was he a _serious_ criminal?
Did he make huge wads of cash?  Is he living in some kind of
fucking mansion from his vast profits?
In my case, I'm disgusted by the data cops making more-or-less
harmless rich kids with high-tech and inventive curiosity;
perhaps a streak of malice; and too much time, into some
kind of demonic threat to the nation.
No wonder our smart kids are practically last in the civilized
world, when we punish kids for being too smart and throw them
in jail for being too dumb, while slashing education budgets.
[As the astute reader may have gathered, the Author of this
article has, himself, been busted for thoughtcrime; however,
he's doing fine now, so don't worry.]
Thanks for clearing the issue up, Lex; and consider me in wholehearted
Robert W. F. Clark            PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-12 09:14:48
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: Bandwidth limitations 
[Elegant refutation of all examples I give in original article.]
Point taken.  Obviously, I took a few elementary examples, which are quite
achievable even today.
Perhaps some true bandwidth stretchers:
Complete maps of all the known universe, with spectrographic assays,
gravitational information, particle densities, motion/vector analysis
of areas of high matter concentration, spin and orbital velocity
graphs, etc. being zipped back and forth between relay satellites,
earthbound observatories, and individuals needing such information.
Complete records of all genomes of all humans born after this
becomes standard.  Copyright information, and rights transfers
for all living humans; what portions of the genome are for
sale, or if replication is prohibited.
Perhaps black market genes will be hid, steganographically,
in horrendously large files which appear to be garden
variety vr porn.
Voiceprints and retina scans for all living and dead human
Increasingly-detailed weather maps, down to the molecular level.
Of course, what actually will happen will probably be stranger.
When we had parchment, we had very narrow bandwidth, with
very little to transmit..
Today, we have wide bandwidth, but a lot more ways to use it.
I'm sure someone will find a way to use vast chunks of
it; until we need come to a new standard.
Robert W. F. Clark                      PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-15 05:26:02
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: CIA Admits Timothy C. May Son of Sam!  Pix at eleven! 
[ASCII crap straight from Fidonet deleted.]
[Obligatory obscenity deleted, as I have not the time
 to flame this moron.]
[Obligatory crypto reference:  I hear the CIA has new
cybernetic cryptography hardware; they're experimenting
with cyborging, and evidently they stole this poor
fool's brain; for obvious reasons, the experiment failed and we can conclude the existence of a vast
CIA coverup by the total lack of public denials
of the conspiracy.
Another telling point is that there is absolutely no evidence
of a conspiracy, which attests to the great
skill with which they covered it up.
In addition, Timothy C. May, if his middle name
is in fact Cornelius, despite his lack of trying
to hide this obvious clue; is obviously at the
helm of the conspiracy to present himself as
a countercultural figure, when in fact the letters
of his name, when added in strict numerical order
and with vast compilations of material only known
to the devout studier of Sumerian metaphysics;
in fact equals the hideous number 93985676!
93985676, as any fool knows, is the Number of
the Beast when read as Hittite cuneiform
Obviously, as someone of my great knowledge can
tell at a glance, Timothy May, the CIA and the
so-called "cypherpunks," now revealed to be, in
actuality Satanpunks, devoted to the overthrow
of Mom, Apple Pie, and Everything Decent.
May they burn in everlasting Hell for their
blasphemous, devious, internetworked conspiracy
of hatred, and may they pay for their perfidy
in multilevelled torture chambers filled with
mud, stinging acid and vipers!
Now you'll pardon me.  I must go.  I hear a knock
at the door, and it could be the dreaded Eric
Hughes himself, who is STEALING MY THOUGHTS
with MICROWAVES!]
Robert W. F. Clark            PGP Key Available Upon Request

@_date: 1993-11-16 05:40:48
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: Re: The Courtesies of Cypherpunks 
yep, it's happened before.  and loudly;
it repeats itself about once every couple
months; some people have even been _more_
floridly and spectacularly whack-o.

@_date: 1993-11-27 12:15:36
@_author: Clark Reynard 
@_subject: RE: META: Filter Detweiler 
Personally, I use this in my .procmailrc:
* ^From.*ld231782   from det
idiot                                         go to idiot
Of course, you may choose /dev/null or any other appropriate
location.  This is my last public comment on the LD/SBoxx
Robert W. F. Clark
