
@_date: 1996-10-14 17:22:28
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
I just wanted to weigh in on a couple of points that have
been raised with respect to the SPA lawsuit against C2Net:
1) I don't think this is some sort of evil plot by SPA members
   because we hadn't joined or because we're competing with
   some of their members. A lot of their members compete with
   other members and non-members and nothing like this has    happened before. It's pretty clear that they were oblivous to a    great many things, including the fact that we're primarily
   a software company these days.
2) As obnoxious as the lawsuit is, we don't miss the humor in
   the fact that we've been grumbling (on-line and off) about    folks who pirate Stronghold (our commercial, secure version
   of the Apache web server). We really were looking into    joining the SPA, to see if it would do us any good in dealing    with this problem.
3) If you run across any mention of this lawsuit in the media,
   either on-line or in print, it would be great if you could
   forward it to me at cman or fax it to me at:
   510 986 8777. I want to be tracking the press coverage
   very closely, and our clipping services takes about 5-10
   days to read and process clippings for us.
Thanks for your help,
Douglas Barnes
VP Sales & Marketing

@_date: 1996-11-04 19:41:05
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: NSA Report: Anyone seen this? 
The paper does, however, repeat the "infinity liability"
fallacy. (See:

@_date: 1996-11-26 13:26:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: SAFEPASSAGE BRINGS STRONG CRYPTO TO WEB BROWSERS WORLDWIDE 
No, it does not come with source code. Site licenses and OEM
bundling packages will come with a source code option. Partners
who work with us in internationalizing the product may also
receive source code. However, it did not seem to be useful or
appropriate for a consumer-level product like this.
We are trying to find a happy medium between making sure that the
security is well-reviewed, and doing things that make business
sense and map onto standard industry practice for selling software
products. Note that SafePassage uses SSLeay for its encryption and SSL
protocol layer; SSLeay has publicly available source code, and has been extensively reviewed.
Douglas Barnes

@_date: 1996-11-28 21:49:45
@_author: Doug Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Anon 
Our December Wired has yet to put in its appearance, so I haven't
had a chance to read it yet, except for a quick scan of Neal's
article (at Fry's) to make sure the intrepid editors at Wired hadn't screwed up my quotes. I did, however, review some notes on this subject that David Brin gave to Steve Jackson, back when Steve and I were working on IO.COM a couple years ago. There are many arguments against David's position; let's grant the
possibility of near-perfect surveilance if it has popular support
(which is pretty dubious, but has been addressed by others), and
see what arguments remain:
1) I would conjecture that popular approval would make or break
   this kind of system. It's amazing what kind of spontaneous civil
   disobedience can spring up once there's a critical mass of    distaste for something like this.
   (Taiwan story warning...) This reminds me of the pirate cable
   TV wars, which hit their peak during my stay there -- essentially,
   the government had outlawed cable TV altogether, mostly because
   they controlled most of the existing media outlets, and didn't
   believe the citizen-units needed more than what they had. Various
   entrepreneurs began wiring Taipei for cable -- sloppy, ad-hoc
   cable lays that were strung from building to building. The gov't
   would come and cut the cables; new cables would be laid. People
   paid their cable bills, but could never quite manage to identify
   the cable installer when the government came around asking.    Programming consisted of a van with a bunch of VCRs and a small
   satellite dish, that would plug into the network at various places.
   It go to the point where in some areas there was so much cable, it
   was tricky to figure out which were the old ones and which were
   the new. Eventually, the government gave up and licensed some
   cable operators.
   One could very much see this sort of thing working in reverse.
2) At the moment in this country, we're seeing civil liberties in
   general being rolled back because right now most people are    more afraid of crime that they're afraid of the government. This
   was not always the case, and it's unlikely to remain the case.
   We're essentially losing these liberties because people have MTV-
   attention spans, the media is complacent, and, frankly, the
   government hasn't done enough awful things recently enough, to    enough different kinds of people to provoke general disquiet.    Give it time, and a few more Wacos.
3) I would argue that perfect surveilance lives in the same realm
   of Platonic ideals as "chairness" and "perfect security."  So
   there are going to be some exceptions, and some flaws.
   Now, given this less-than-perfect surveilance state, that is,    surveilance is easier than privacy; a few people can have some
   privacy, but it's really expensive and requires spending some
   multiple of what opponents spend on surveilance (this is the
   opposite of how things are now, but humor me.) Who is going to
   have this privacy? What are they going to do with it? What is
   the public reaction going to be to the abuses that grow out
   of this? My guess is that large governments and large corporations
   will have this privacy (a matter of national security, etc.)
   and will eventually succumb to temptation and use it to perpetrate    various nasty things on the general populace while keeping    themselves in power.
   Full knowledge != full wisdom. Also, in time, all monopolists get
   complacent and stupid.
4) Assuming that enough people get riled up, see  If the    state of affairs can be reversed, folks will try to reverse it;
   if not, it's been nice knowing you, citizen-units.
Contrast this to what happens against a backdrop of privacy; it's
possible for much smaller entities to take larger entities (such
as governments or large corporations) by surprise, to outmaneuver
them, swarm over them, and pull them down. (I can't seem to
shake the image of primitive hunters going for a mastodon, here...)
It helps prevent the perpetuation of especially dense concentrations
of wealth & power, it allows markets to function properly, and enables folks to plot against tyrannical governments. In Brin's world, how does the little startup protect its technology
from Microsoft?
In Brin's world, how does a new political party campaign against the unscrupulous incumbents, who have access to the tiny bit of remaining privacy, while they have none?
In Brin's world, how does a Christian in Iran avoid that knock on
the door?
Some things to think about.
PS -- DO read Neal Stephenson's article in the same Wired; it's       a bit boosterish, but it's the funniest tract on fiber
      optic cable you'll ever read. It gives a good idea of
      where things are headed (deregulation, disintermediation       of cable laying services, cable as speculative investment
      as opposed to guaranteed utility, etc.). I'd argue things
      aren't headed that way as quickly as Neal indicates, but
      certainly where FLAG is landing, it's acting as a catalyst
      for change of this sort.
PPS -- Does anyone know why Fry's gets Wired _weeks_ before actual
       subscribers?

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:27:17
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Another interesting aspect -- there's been huge growth in the "making
loans to folks with non-traditional or bad credit histories" market
recently, as the market for folks with good credit histories has become saturated. This has been done largely by various NBFIs operating
outside of the normal "bank" structure, and specializing in certain
kinds of consumer loans.
It is vitally important to realize that to a bank, a loan is a "product,"
that they "sell" to customers.  It is how the bank makes money. If
the market is operating properly, irrational refusals to loan on the
part of some institutions will create a market opportunity for other
The problem with banking & financial services is that they are already
so heavily regulated, and the barrier to entry is so high, that the
market seldom operates properly. Thus we see _more_ regulation piled
on (such as the CCRI) to address the problems that come about from the
previous piling-on of regulations. When there is little competition between banks, this creates a situation which, viewed in isolation, seems "unfair" to those at the fringes of the loan market. The superficial answer to this problem is to force banks
to lend in areas that are less profitable for them than their traditional
areas -- at this point banks almost begin to resemble monopoly public
utilities, which, when you look at the regulations they operate under,
is almost the case.
The more enlightened answer is to back off enough on the regulation so
that marginal loan markets become attractive business opportunities,
and any truly irrational lending practices (e.g. based on race) lead directly to losing business to a competitor.

@_date: 1996-12-17 00:17:26
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: File vs. Communication Key Escrow 
Jumping on the bandwagon a bit here...
Walt makes a plausible business case for key escrow for software
that encrypts static information for archival purposes. Has anyone been able to come up with a good business case for
key escrow of communications keys? Note that if you're concerned
about communications history, that this is really just a special
case of static information that is archived.
Note that all key escrow proposals to date have focused almost
entirely on  "escrow" of keys used in communication. The recent
attempts to manufacture a business case for this by confusing
these two very different situations is part of the tactics we have
come to expect from the government when dealing with this issue.
If anything good can be said about the badly written, vague and
clearly unconstitutional new regulations from the Department of
Commerce, it's that they're less mealy-mouthed and weasling than
previous attempts to explicate the government position on

@_date: 1996-12-31 14:07:33
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
The problem with payment schemes like this is that they're hard
to rationalize (as Lucky points out here).
A direct mail piece (via snail mail) can easily cost the sender
more than a dollar when all costs are taken into account. This
does not seem to have appreciably slowed down junk mailers IRL.
Spam to a large mailing list has a multiplicative effect (although
it's also easier to throw out and/or ignore.) Certainly if someone
had a real product, it would be worth anywhere from $1 to $25 to
post an advertisement to a sizeable mailing list.
On the other hand, a blanket charge would serve as a disincentive
to people who make valuable contributions, unless it were a completely negligible cost, in which case the advertisers would
have no problem coughing up the money. There's a serious imbalance
between how annoying spam is and how much we're willing to pay to post (most of us would like to see them charged to the point
where they wouldn't do it at all.) Possibly a system of charging for non-list-members? Sort of a closed list with a way for outside posters to contribute if
they really wanted to?
In general it seems very difficult to balance the various aspects
of maintaining a lively discussion, fostering a sense of community,
allowing anonymous postings, and keeping the whole thing simple
enough to actually implement. The best approach I can think of for dealing with a lot of this
crap is to a) ignore outright spam, b) do not feed the energy creatures (the people on the list who thrive on conflict.) and
c) instead of responding to noise, contribute to signal.
I've been on the verge of responding to certain posters over the last
few months, and I've realized before I've hit the "send" key that
I'd be giving them just what they want -- attention -- while further
degrading the signal to noise ratio.

@_date: 1997-01-06 14:33:49
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Thoughts on moderation 
Some thoughts --
1) I've known Sandy for a couple of years, and I trust him to    use good judgement as a moderator. It will be important to    develop guidelines so that the job can be rotated, but it's also
   important that the moderator be someone who doesn't have any    major axe to grind. Sandy has his personal likes and dislikes,
   but I don't think he'll ever stoop to tossing out opinions that
   he disagrees with.
2) I don't think that a post should be tossed out simply because
   it contains an ad-hominem attack, but only if it is entirely or    almost entirely an ad-hominem attack. (Timmy May sucks cock, or
   John Gilmore dead of AIDS, or found drowned in his hot tub, or    whatever...) I'd hate to see an otherwise substantive post get
   pitched out because it referred to Dorothy Denning as the Wicked
   Witch of the East or somesuch.
3) I agree that maintaining the list of posts that are tossed out
   is important as a check against abuse by the moderator.
4) I think that anyone who confuses the editing of a list with
   censorship is a complete fool, and should be sentenced to running
   a free counterculture newspaper in which he or she is compelled
   to publish whatever fevered ramblings enter the head of the
   members of the "community" without editing. [This is the voice
   of experience speaking here -- you don't want to do this.]
   Freedom of the press belongs to those that own presses. The    Internet makes it a lot easier to own a "press", but it doesn't
   make them grow on trees, nor does it give you any special rights
   to appropriate someone else's press. (I'm assuming that the peurile    lamers -- oops,ad-hominem alert -- who are arguing so strongly    against editing the list also believe in property rights, yes?)

@_date: 1997-01-07 15:28:26
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Thoughts on moderation 
Goodness knows most people who are fully engaged in a mailing list
get involved in an unproductive discussion or argument from time to
time. My main assertion about Sandy is that although he has his likes
and dislikes (and is not shy about sharing them) I can't see him
bouncing messages just because someone was disagreeing with him. There
might be someone who is less opinionated, but I think that you need
to find someone who cares enough about a subject to be interested in
moderating it (one antonym of "opinionated" is "dispassionate" -- think about it.)
The only way to tell if Sandy will be fair _as a moderator_ is to give him a chance. Years of knowing him as a friend, and four months
of sharing an office indicate that while he's stubborn and opinionated,
he's also extremely fairminded, and will not bounce for content he
disagrees with. He also has a broad concept (some might argue too
broad) of acceptable list topics, but since we're looking primarily to
screen out the worst dreck & outright spam, he seems like a logical
choice as moderator.
I don't see this move as censorship of any sort -- cleaning the Augean
stables is more like it. I am profoundly tired of wading through
completely worthless and vapid trash accusing Tim and John of various
sexual perversions. (Note that if the writers actually knew these folks, they'd at least be able to write better or more interesting

@_date: 1997-01-09 15:47:35
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Key Escrow Good, GAK Bad 
This whole line of reasoning is exactly what the government
is preying on -- and it's working with a lot of people. However,
it's a red herring.
By and large, the government doesn't care about file-level
encryption, the sort where the Key Escrow systems you're outlining would be useful. Furthermore, this kind of encryption
can be done pretty much in isolation -- it's not a communication
medium, so it's less susceptible to attacks on standardization.
What the government is mostly concerned with is encryption that's
used for communicating, where there is no similar feeling on the
part of individuals or industry that something like key escrow
is needed. It is a classic bait-and-switch maneuver.
Furthermore, if people really wanted Key Escrow, the government
wouldn't have to be putting the thumbscrews to software companies
to get them to adopt it -- the market would perform this function
quite nicely.
