
@_date: 1993-11-20 13:17:57
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: "True Identities" 
I think the problem stems from the way most people initially got access
through the Internet, which was through fairly conservative affiliations
such as the military, government or academia; I've seen relatively few
military, government or academic environments that encouraged or allowed
people to go by "Black Unicorn".
Increasingly, however, people are using the Internet for solely personal
reasons, independent of such affiliations. (Which is how Fidnonet, WWIVnet,
etc. have always been.) Now, no big surprise, we have Black Unicorn, Wanderer, etc. I think it's a great testimoney to the rapidly increasing
diviersity of the net. (Although CERTAIN PEOPLE I'm sure will tell me that
such alleged diversity is only a PERVERTED SHAM and the number of REAL
people on the net is RAPIDLY DROPPING.)

@_date: 1993-11-20 13:22:09
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: McCarthy, etc. 
Oh? Do you really think is mom called him "the Terrible"?  Aha! Another pseudospoofer!

@_date: 1993-11-22 12:25:08
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Applied Cryptography Errata (fwd) 
My candidate for the "best of" Schneier errata 1st. ed.:

@_date: 1993-11-22 16:22:42
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Can NSA crack PGP? 
The basic problem here is not whether the NSA has or hasn't cracked PGP.
Certainly it's safe today from the prying eyes of even a really determined FIDO sysop, even if he keeps up with all his mathematical journals and has access to commercially available supercomputer power. This should be sufficient
reason for its use... :-)
In all of the literature I have read, it is acknowledged that one
of the two possible things is true:
1) Factoring might not be as hard as we think it is; Bruce Schneier, for
   instance, cautions readers to keep informed about mathematical    developments in factoring. It has not been disproved that factoring
   is a hard problem, but neither has it been proved.
2) The NSA may have equipment that, using massively parallel techniques,
   can factor small RSA keys by brute force. However, if factoring is as
   hard as we think it is, very large keys are probably not within the
   scope of the NSAs ability, unless they have access to a different    universe where physical laws behave differently.
Security is always a relative thing, Stanton, and if the transport layer
becomes sufficiently problematic, a really determined opponent will seek
other weaknesses (a spike mike in your house, a tap in your computer,
having burly gentlemen with names like "Butch" grab you and hold you upside down over a large body of rapidly moving water).
IMHO, the real point of encrypting is to make it difficult for the NSA and their ilk to casually surf the nets for stuff, and stymie more humble
opponents (whether they are sysops, employers, competitors, hackers, or

@_date: 1993-11-24 23:53:24
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The History of Cypherpunks 
Barnes's Law:
The longer and louder someone accuses his associates of conspiring
against him, the greater the odds of their forming just such a
conspiracy.

@_date: 1993-11-25 14:23:41
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Multi-precision math in PGP 
Does anyone have pointers to articles, books, or online material
that explains the multi-precision math that is provided in PGP?

@_date: 1993-11-26 15:03:56
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Comments on NSA (was: "Pyrrhus Cracks RSA?") 
Quoting from the FAQ (Bruce Schneier's "Applied Cryptography") pp. 213:
   1. If everyone needs prime numbers, won't we run out? No, Santa would
      never run out of prime numbers for all the good little boys and       girls. In fact, there are over 10^150 primes of length 512 bits or
      less. (For numbers of size N, the probability that a random number
      is prime is one in log N.) There are only 10^84 atoms in the universe.
      [...]
Go directly to your bookstore, do not pass GO, do not collect $200 (you
only need about $50, including tax) and buy this book.

@_date: 1993-11-29 07:42:04
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Disruptive members 
I agree with you strongly; however, the notion of a list as a space,
and the list members having their collective image tarnished by
the presence of disruptive members clearly hasn't sunk in. Instead
we get a lot of silly "freedom of speech" rhetoric. I guess they haven't realized that every forum doesn't have to be a noisy street
corner or an all-comers keg party. (where, respectively, free speech
works to the point of tolerating loud crazies and vomiting)
The whole argument that people can use kill files is utterly bogus
if outreach is even a minor goal for the group.
Note that the extropians not only provide list-administered kill files,
but also threaten disruptive members with expulsion, and as a result
have excellent signal to noise.
Good parallel to the similar problem of disruptive and violent individuals
on MOOs, btw.

@_date: 1993-11-29 08:17:12
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Cryptosplit 2.0 
Jim McCoy and I have been talking about this; the underylying question
is "how many bits of entropy are in a ps"?
Time of day, for instance, is very low entropy. The results of 'ps'
vary wildly in their entropy depending on the system and whether your
opponent has access to it or could make reasonable guesses about parts
of it.
ps is better than load average, because it always has an affect on the
system when run; load average is an *average* and is rather slow to
change. Still, we have argued over many a cup of coffee whether there's 128 bits of entropy in ps. I think the answer is yes, or real close, for a system with lot of users, but not if things are slow or you don't
have many users. Of course, the more rapidly the opponent takes snapshots,
the more she perturbs the ps...
My point in all this, is that if your opponent knows the components you're
doing an MD5 of to get your random bits, and these components are low
entropy with respect to that attacker (she is on the same system and can monitor roughly the same statistics that you can) then this opponent
could search through the space of reasonable pertubations in the 'ps'
listing between snapshots, could extrapolate between snapshots of the
load average, etc. And feed them to MD5 herself. If you are running a
stock single user configuration, it wouldn't even be necessary for the opponent to be on the same system.
If there is something or somethings on any Unix system with sufficient entropy that can be reliably polled and fed to MD5 I'd love to know it.
(This strikes me also as something that is not going to be real portable...
I have visions of  dancing in my head)
Some people think this is a little paranoid on my part. Ok, maybe,
but I want a lockable /dev/rand.

@_date: 1993-11-29 14:02:02
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: In Austin on 17th Dec - Want to meet Austin Cypherpunkers 
What makes you think any of us really exist, anyhow? :-)
(Those of us that do, will be at Ho-Ho Con)

@_date: 1993-11-30 00:27:21
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: The REAL Conspiracy 
We at Illuminati Online have finally gotten to the bottom of l'affaire Detweiler.
It began with the simple statement, "This moron is *everywhere*,
no one person could be churning out all this fantastic babble of..."
And then it hit us. Of course! The REAL Medusa is L.Detweiler and
S.Boxx and The Executioner and The Pervert, a pseudopool with
STRINGENT stylistic REQUIREMENTS about how to disrupt, discourage
and defame cypherpunks.
We're onto you now... even now, agents are converging on your
secret headquarters...

@_date: 1993-12-03 14:12:50
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: MIT Keyserver 
Now that there is a legal version of PGP, I see no reason why we couldn't set up a keyserver here at IO. If someone wants to
do this, has the software, and has multiple clues to rub
together (ideally someone with experience in managing a keyserver)
they should contact me.

@_date: 1993-12-05 07:59:47
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Invasion of Privacy 
Can someone please send me a copy of this resume, I need it for my files.

@_date: 1993-12-07 19:55:30
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Detweiler's Fortune Cookie 
Zachary, Steve and I went to each Chinese food tonight, and clearly
the fortune cookie daemon was up to no good: Steve got Zachary's fortune:
   "Your winsome smile will be your sure protection" Zachary got my fortune,    "You will go many places" and I got Larry Detweiler's
   "Don't let doubt and suspicion bar your progress."
Oh, and Larry, your lucky lottery numbers are 1-15-18-39-47-50

@_date: 1993-12-08 01:10:32
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Dining with the Cryptographer 
Dining with the Cryptographer:
A crypto road trip
By Jim McCoy and Douglas Barnes
   "Hey Doug," said Jim. "You'll never guess who just called."
   Ever since Jim got mail from Chaum asking for his phone number (he
doesn't have one), he'd been pretty anxious, spastically cramming
old Eurocrypt proceedings and coming up with even more baroque crypto applications than usual. (We'll have a digicash auction for
CPU cyles...)
   Finally they must have touched base while he was at work.
   "Let me guess", I ventured, "a call from Amsterdam?"
   "Uh, no from Dallas. Chaum wants us to go have dinner with him."
   "Dallas? What's he doing in Dallas?"
   "I think some conference or something."
   It was 4:30 in the afternoon; Dallas is a highly optimistic three and
a half hours away.
   "Does he realize where Austin is?", I replied incredulously.
   "I think so... we're supposed to meet him at 8..."
   "Uh-hunh... right."
   Time to find a car. Frantic phone calls, beggings of coworkers. No
question but this was not an opportunity to miss. Sort of like a Roman Catholic getting a call from the Pope. Finally get ahold of my wife, who has the only working car in the family.
   "You're going where?" she asked.
   "Dallas."
   "Dallas?"
   "Yep. Gonna meet David Chaum."
   "How does he know about you?"
   "Beats me. Actually, I think it's just Jim he wants, I'm along for the ride."
   Rush hour (such as it is) in Austin, pick up Jim, gas up, get munchies
and caffeine for the trip. Hot topics in the car on the way up:
   "Where in hell did he hear about you?"
   "Is this Waco yet?"
   "Do you have any idea what he looks like?"
   "Wow, you really shouldn't be driving ninety..."
   "Did you have _any_ concept of where Dallas was when you agreed to this?"
   Since neither of us had ever really been to Dallas as an actual destination, we bought a map in Troy. (Home of the fighting Trojans.)
Jim spent the rest of the way to Dallas (several hours) attempting to unfold the map.
   "What was that address again?", I would ask.
   "North Dallas Parkway."
   "Are you sure?", I would ask.
   "Yeah..."
   "Found it yet?"
   ...
   [Jim asks at this point that we mention there _is no_ North
    Dallas Parkway on the map; it's a frontage road.]
   We reach Dallas, a giant mass of undifferentiated suburban cancer
cells on the north Texas plains. We still don't know where the hotel
is, so we pull off at a random exit and up to a phone at a Texaco.
   Jim goes to the phone, just as we notice an extremely loud and
violent confrontation between a customer and the clerk. Many folks
sort of hanging around, gold chains, nice cars, tinted glass,
everyone real tense. I realize immediately that we are the only white people in sight, and that the confrontation is getting louder. I bravely lock the doors while Jim makes the call. Blows are exchanged
at the pumps as we pull away...
   After this things are a snap, we arive at the Grand Frobnintsky Hotel and meet Chaum. I'm expecting a short, balding Dutchman, he turns out
to be a tall hippie from California, a taller, older edition of Eric
Hughes. We are an hour and a half late, but he seems unperturbed, even
a little stunned when I explain the distance in terms of European geography (dropping by Amsterdam from, say, Frankfurt or Paris).
   And off we go for food. Chaum had actually been here before (long
ago) but we hadn't. We drove around in circles, three of the most
indecisive humans on the planet, clearly waiting for the NSA to tell us where they were springing for dinner. We try one restaurant which
(thankfully) was closing, and they gave us directions to Mi Piazo,
based on our: "Um, we think it's, like, an Italian restaurant, Mia something or other..."
   Now, unbeknownst to Jim or I, we were _savagely_ underdressed for
what turned out to be the best Italian restaurant in Texas. Chaum, at
least, was wearing a jacket -- we looked our usual Austin slacker selves,
having literally dropped everything and dashed out of our respective
workplaces. Fortunately it was football night for the Dallas Cowboys,
and the place was pretty much deserted.
   [Note: We started with a delightful cold antipasto, I had the seafood fettucini, Jim had lobster and crab ravioli in a mushroom wine sauce, and
Chaum had something else... we remember what we had because, frankly, it
was the best food we'd had in, oh, a decade or two.]
   He had come to Dallas not for a convention, but rather to work with
a company that is implementing his smartcard technology for automated
toll collection equipment. "It's hard to do this protocol in such a narrow window, but we're getting there. If the car is doing 60, there
just isn't much time."
   Jim asked about what was motivating the company to pursue this
secure, untraceable mechanism; Chaum believes that more and more people
are increasingly aware of privacy issues and are more sensitive than
ever about the data that is collected about them. "This company sees
it as a major selling point... they want to be ahead in the technology
over the others in the market, and they're willing to pay to do it right."
   Of course, we couldn't escape the mandatory conversation about our
favorite son, Lawrence Detweiler of Colorado. Chaum was vastly amused
by the whole saga, and we discussed some of the practical aspects of
instituting is-a-person credentials and credential mechanisms in general.
"Why don't you guys just go ahead and set something like that up," he
suggested, "so you can shut him up."
   I pointed out that this had been suggested, but that LD was simply
incapable of distinguishing the separate roles of keyservers and credential
mechanisms. We resolved that even though it would probably have no appreciable impact on someone as far gone as Larry, it was something
we should pursue.
   At our prompting, Chaum described the overall activities of his
company. "There are three basic groups, one working on smartcards, one
on software-only implementations, and another on electronic wallets."
Basically, the smartcards are a fairly standard microcontroller with most of the i/o stripped out and their own software burned into ROM.
The electronic wallets are more sophisticated consumer electronics for managing smartcards.
   He asked about our activities, and we told him about our recent
work on secure telnet with Diffie-Hellman, and our Credit Union plans
[which is how he heard about us].  From our point of view, after many
meetings and telephone discussions with regulators, the regulatory environment seems like the easy part, with the software looming as a
major hurdle for two people with about three and a half jobs between
   From Chaum's point of view, the software is the easy part, and he
was delighted to hear how absurdly easy it is from a regulatory standpoint to start and operate a Credit Union. We discussed some of
the non-anonymous, traceable proposals that have been presented; I asked whether the various attempts to come up with alternatives
to his protocols were because a) they didn't want to pay licensing
fees, b) they didn't know about digicash, or c) they _wanted_    His feeling was that most people had started working on this without
examining work in the field, having only a background with public key
cryptography, and had wedded themselves early on to their own, rather
shallowly conceived protocols that are generally either too complicated
or critcally flawed with respect to untraceability. He also acknowledged
that some people and organizations did, in fact, seek traceability, but that this position would prove untenable in the face of consumer demand.
   Returning to the Digital Credit Union idea, we discussed ways in which we might collaborate on this venture. He was clearly very well disposed to the idea, and barring problems with export/import restrictions
(the Netherlands apparently have odd export regs of their own) felt that
we could incorporate some of the Digicash, Inc., software that is just now reaching the beta test stage. "And if we can't export it, we'll just send someone over here to rewrite it... end up with better code that way    The surly waiters were beginning to give us the eye, as it was pushing
midnight; Chaum was starting to fade as well, still jet-lagged and clearly
worn out from a whole day of meetings and somnolent from a huge dinner... so
we jumped him and stole his wallet to give an example of the dangers of
untraceable cash.
   Okay, maybe not, but Jim did ask him in this weak moment if he had
any objections to people implementing public domain blind signature
code along the lines of RSAREF. He thought this was a terrific idea,
and enthusiastically approved. I asked some probing questions about
what kind of software they would have available; he offered to forward
a writeup of the various projects that are almost completed.
   We adjourned to the cocktail lounge at the Grand Frobnintsky Hotel,
where, sipping cappuccino beneath a giant snowman made of marshmallows,
we chatted some more, until Chaum appeared on the verge of falling into his steamed milk. After goodbyes, we parted ways.    Halfway to the car, as if on cue, Jim and I just completely lost
it and started laughing hysterically. All the tension and nervous
energy of our mad dash to Dallas and meeting a hero of the digital revolution had melted away, and the full realization of the incredible experience hit us full force -- out of the blue, this guy whose papers we had passed back and forth and argued about endlessly over bagels, had called Jim up, invited us out to dinner two hundred miles away, we had a great talk, this incredible food, put new life into the Digial Credit Union project...  and only about eight hours had gone by.
   The drive back was fairly uneventful; I started to nod after a
bit and Jim took over the driving (which was a good thing, as I
was both falling asleep _and_ stuck in the groove of driving about
ninety).    So, reenergized and still contemplating the wonderful food at
Mi Piazo, we prepare to forge ahead...
Jim McCoy (mccoy
Douglas Barnes (cman

@_date: 1993-12-14 08:13:53
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Signing pictures -- how hard, how long? 
Actually, I was talking to someone the other day about this same
problem, and spun out approximately the same solution. The important
part would be a fast MD5 chip or equivalent (very fast algorithm) and
the camera would only periodicallly sign the result. The question in my mind is, "do you want to sign every N frames, or
only from the digital equivalent of a control track break to a control
track break."  (Obviously digital cameras don't have control track
breaks, but a certified one would need to create an equivalent.)
For use in legal matters, I'd assume you'd need to put seals on the
device, or something, that were periodically inspected, to make sure
the signal wasn't tampered with before hitting the signature module.
I'd imagine that you _could_ incorporate the cameraperson's key, but
more likely it would be some key issued by the certifying agency (a
very high-rep individual or organization) that inspected the camera
periodically, placed the seals, etc.
A problem I see: highly realistic projections might outpace camera
tech, so that you could just be projecting something and recording it.
Might be thwarted by inclusion of a GPS inside the sealed part of
the module.
I was reading David Brin's _Earth_, and one of the things he posits are
these legions of senior citizens with TruVue (or something) glasses
that are apparently certified for crime reporting.
