
@_date: 1995-07-12 19:01:26
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: AoHell 
Does anybody know about where to get this? (If this was discussed
here during my cypherpunks-viewing hiatus, I apologize).

@_date: 1995-07-13 14:42:16
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Fight, or Roll Over? 
Since the Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 might as well
be called the "Anti-Cypherpunk Act of 1995", I'm surprised to see
Tim throw in the towel already, when the bill hasn't even made it
through committee yet.
Not that I place a lot of faith in our elected officials, but this
bill seems to step on so many toes, and to be so plainly idiotic,
that we are bound to get some support from unexpected quarters.
Nothing surprised me more, in fact, than all the mainstream IS
magazines (like Information Week) denouncing the Exon ammendment.
This, though, is a much more subtle and insidious bill, and takes away
something that most people don't even know they want yet.
(The Exon ammendment, on the other hand, could have been dubbed,
"The Cypherpunk Market-Creation Act of 1995.") Nevertheless,
it is certainly possible to fight this bill and win, while at
the same time, preparing to go underground if it passes.
Go underground? Well, as I read it, this bill basically makes
cypherpunks a "corrupt organization", subject to the full
impact of the RICO statutes. With the passage of this bill, we
will have the same status in the US as the neo-Nazis have in
Germany, and will have to adopt similar communications and
organization techniques. Who knows, maybe this is the best thing
that could happen, although I'm real curious about who will
back off to protect their ass-ets and who will actually keep
on chugging towards crypto anarchy.
In the short term, I've renewed or started memberships in the
organizations that are likely to fight this -- but I'm also
fired up to get more easy-to-use software out there, and
do what I can to help build infrastructure that can resist this
sort of nonsense.

@_date: 1995-07-13 16:21:19
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Fight, or Roll Over? 
I'm not advocating that cypherpunks lobby -- we clearly don't have the
organization or the right image to be doing that. I _do_ think that it's
important to support the EFF, EPIC and ACLU who will almost certainly
be fighting this very important rearguard action while we try to get
_our_ act together. I'm not sure the NRA bears on this exact matter,
but I think it's high time one of the other three started doing "jack
booted thug"-type fundraising letters.
This means, for those not reading between the lines, doing something
more than online ranting and petition-signing, such as getting out the
checkbook and supporting those who are organized to fight these things,
and actually getting off the dime and doing things like writing letters,
sending telegrams, and otherwise harassing our elected beings through
media that they understand (since, clearly, they _don't_ understand
the Internet -- if they did, they wouldn't propose legislation like this.)
Yes, the "bad guys" can crank out unfriendly legislation faster than
the "good guys" can fight it, but since we are clearly not ready to offer
technological solutions this month, the "good guys" act as a valuable
brake on this current swing of the pendulum.

@_date: 1995-07-19 20:24:58
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
This is why Amanda and I have been working on crypto tools
for Java, a "safe" programming language that will be embedded
in Netscape in the (hopefully) not-too-distant future. In
addition to eventual incorporation in Netscape, it is currently
available on Suns running Solaris 2.4 and PCs running Windows NT.
See: This is also why October is "Java month" for the cypherpunks
Bay Area meeting. Marianne Mueller (mrm is
organizing speakers and coordinating the schedule for that
month's meeting.
Java will be available for Windows 95 about the time Win 95 is
released, and a Mac version is due out "Real Soon Now." The
Mac version has been demoed to industry insiders already. One
of the obvious advantages is that it should be possible to
write a nice, GUI interface once, and be done with all of the
tiresome porting that seems to occupy too much of our time.

@_date: 1995-07-20 15:22:46
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
Tim --
HotJava is a web browser that happens to be written in a language
called Java, that runs on top of the Java Virtual Machine, which
is part of what gives this combination of tools the high degree of
platform independence we've been talking about. JVM is the thing
that is currently being ported to different platforms both by Sun
and by others. Also, there is the Abstract Windowing Toolkit, which
provides a set of platform-independent, browser-embeddable GUI tools.
HotJava is the first (and certainly won't be the last) web browser
that allows you to have small Java programs (called applets) as an HTML
document type. These are obtained by the browser in the same way
it obtains a GIF, but they are interpreted and run on the client
machine. A Java program is compiled into Java bytecodes, which have
certain properties that prevent them from, say, breaking out of
their address space, playing cute games with the CPU, etc. Applets
are composed of bytecodes.
Most of the existing applets do stuff like 3D models you
can rotate with the mouse, irritating animations, and enhancements
to forms technology, but Java is a general-purpose language --
one of the most impressive applets I saw initially was a spreadsheet,
plonked down in the middle of a web page. Admittedly, it was a really
stupid spreadsheet, but it did a good job of convincing me that you
could really do anything with this stuff.
I don't get what you mean when you say, "Java isn't ready for the
home market." True, I don't think that programming languages of
any sort are part of the "home market", but I think that Java will
enable people like cypherpunks to write extremely portable applications
_once_ that will be embeddable on web pages viewed by browsers like
Netscape. I can't think of anything that is going to come closer to
your definition of "winning" the home market. Certainly the home
market will be dominated in short order by Win 95 and MacOS (mostly
the former.) I think the Win 95 port of the Java environment is only
awaiting release of Win 95, and the MacOS port has been demoed around town.
Also, Java is entirely orthogonal to issues like particular protocols
or formats, in the same sense the C or Smalltalk are orthogonal to
those same issues. It's just that we will be able to embed access to
those protocols and formats into the popular tools without huge
porting nightmares, or even requiring much cooperation from the
vendors themselves, who are often limited politically by what they
can put in themselves.

@_date: 1995-07-20 15:42:05
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: It had to happen... 
Has anyone caught this yet? From "No Such Agency" to having
their own Web page... wow.

@_date: 1995-07-20 17:19:01
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Java (was Netscape: the big win) 
These are real ball-park figures based on looking at "free memory"
from vmstat from several instances of launching, running, then exiting
from the listed programs:
Java compiler (written in Java), compiling big program: 2.5 MB
HotJava browser (written in Java), after running some applets: 4.0 MB
"Hello world" Java program (no GUI): 800K

@_date: 1995-07-20 18:05:38
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Java (was Netscape: the big win) 
Uh, no, this is a standalone Java program (includes interpreter,
language library, etc.)
Applets are treated by a browser in the same way that a GIF is treated
(more or less); the browser may have to grab more memory to take in
a big one, but that memory can be reclaimed when the user moves on to
a new page.
Applets run as a thread within a multi-threaded browser, they don't
have their own processes, etc.

@_date: 1995-07-20 19:57:03
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Java (was Netscape: the big win) 
The "Hello World" program I mentioned before is 325 bytes after
compilation. The 800K memory usage was a measurement of the
interpreter and language libraries being sucked into memory, assuming
no other activity on the machine.
I have a much larger program that does various kinds of reformatting
and munging of Java programs that take up a whopping 8K compiled, its
source file is 13K.
The bytecode compiled programs seem to be much more compact than their
source code versions.

@_date: 1995-07-21 11:26:32
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re:  Java (was Netscape: the big win) 
Portable PGP with a GUI interface that didn't suck?
Note that I'm championing the use of Java as a portable language,
with a portable windowing toolkit, that will (real soon now) have
commercial tool support from a variety of vendors, as well as free
tools available on the net (the best of both worlds.)
The whole issue of how to do cryptography with applets is kind of
complicated, and is something Amanda and I have been working on very
dilligently. They hard part is determining what the interface is
between trusted code (that you have installed on your machine, or
ultimately, that you've specifically designated as being trusted
based on secure hash) and untrusted code that comes from random
web sites on the net.
In general, for any general-purpose cryptography tool, you're going
to want almost all of it to be based on locally-installed, trusted
code. Certain protocols can actually work much better using applets,
but they should only be allowed to access a very narrow set of local
routines that directly interface with the user. (e.g. "Do you really want
to sign this?", "Confirmed signed by so-and-so.", etc.)
This is, however, a separate issue from the use of Java to do
standalone applications.
See:

@_date: 1995-07-21 22:29:51
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Free Java courses in CA 
[[ This is another reason why I think Java is worth looking into --
   on one hand, there will always be free tools available, in addition
   to commercial tools; on the other hand, it is being strongly
   supported by SUN ]]
The SUN Sacramento Training Center announces the following FREE courses.
The Java Programming Series:  An Overview of the Java Language
The Java Programming Series:  Accessing Data Files
The Java Programming Series:  Simple GUI Applications
The Java Programming Series:  Program-to-Program Communication
The Java Programming Series:  Applets Design and Implementation
The Java Programming Series:  Accessing an Oracle RDBMS
Each course is:
  - 2 hours in length (they always start at 9:00 AM on Fridays)
  - fast paced
  - an introduction to the course topic
  - FREE
It is assumed that each student:
  - knows C and/or C++ language syntax
  - has a basic understanding of object oriented programming
  - has a personality that enjoys taking a jump-start course and then
    learning the rest of the technology via projects, newsgroups, and
    email-alias discussions.
You should NOT attend this class if:
  You are a techno-weenie.
  You are already an experienced JAVA programmer.
Instructor: Matthew Calame
Note to Sun employees: this is an EXTERNAL mailing list!
Info: send 'help' to java-interest-request

@_date: 1995-07-24 17:55:50
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: An idea about Java and remailer clients and servers... 
When I've thought about this, it's been from the p.o.v. of message
senders being able to earn prepaid service tokens (not unlike
digital cash) for offering their machine as a remailer for a set
period of time or number of message or total bandwidth or
whatever. This activity could be completely asynchronous to any
origination of messages, and, in fact, a regular habit of accumulating
tokens like this would make for excellent cover traffic.

@_date: 1995-07-25 11:41:14
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Remailer economics, Java & remailers 
In a previous post I mentioned that in a remailer economy, remailer
users should have the opportunity to earn pre-paid service tokens by
acting as part of a remailer network. I also mentioned that this had
the benefit of providing cover traffic for the remailer user's own
Some people pointed out that their ISP agreements forbid them to
run remailers (!), and that not everyone is willing to tackle the
(as yet undetermined) legal liability or risk of general legal
hassle (which we've seen so far) of running a remailer.
First of all, the user client should present the user who wishes to
earn service tokens with the choice of registering as a terminal
or non-terminal remailer link. People get paid more to be terminal
links, since that's the person who is most likely to get hassled.
Second of all, most of the attacks on remailers, as well as any
ISP technique for detecting them, are based on some remailer's use
of SMTP which is a logged service operating on a known port. This
would be avoided by coevolving Mixmaster with "remailing bandwidth
and reputation" servers (spiritual descendents of Raphe's remailer
pinging service).
Something which is taking a small step in this direction is the
WWW front end to remailers available at c2.org as:
 Note that it has
lots of security problems, but it has interesting conceptual
aspects (it is also extremely easy to use.)
Note that if one were using Java, one could fetch the application
via Netscape, and run it within an HTML document in a Netscape
window, but the sending of the mail could be done using any
appropriate network port or protocol without routing back through
the server where the document came from -- the applet would just
open socket(s) as appropriate and go for it. (Depending on the
user's security settings, a variety of "is it ok for this applet
to do such-and-so" messages may be displayed.)
My gut feeling is that serious remailer users and operators will
ultimately want a standalone application (which can still be
written in Java, and share code with the applet version), but that's
a religious war we don't need to get into again.

@_date: 1995-07-30 21:40:08
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Banks are not all that bad 
As near as I can tell, there are spotty instances of the
behavior Lucky describes, but it is becoming more common,
especially wrt required ID.
I must say that I've had some absolutely amazingly bad experiences
with banks in Asia, Mexico and Central America, so I'm a skeptic
when it comes to assuming that non-US banks are light years better.
Although I have no direct experience of European banking, I do know that
the European banking industry, taken as a whole, is substantially
behind the US banking industry in automation and efficiency. Most of
the irritation that I hear reported about US banks is the result
of pushing customers too hard to change expensive banking habits or
erecting policies that eliminate money-losing practices without regard
to their impact on customer goodwill.
At First Interstate recently, I had to make a withdrawal from
the teller, as the ATM was broken. Their policy _does_
reqiure a "counter check", and normally they charge, but when
I explained that the ATM was kaput they did it for free.
It is _much_ cheaper for them if you use the ATM, and this
kind of policy is designed to encourage you to do this. It's
the kind of thing that the market will sort out nicely --
if it irritates people and loses them money more than it
saves them money, they will stop doing it.
Remember, the US has an absolutely fantastic amount of competition
wrt banking services, especially when compared to other countries.

@_date: 1995-08-01 01:27:20
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: The Two Threads of Dr. Cohen 
There are two threads to Dr. Cohen's arguments which bear
separation. One thread, with the implications of deliberate
wrongdoing on the part of Derek Atkins or others unnamed
should be dismissed out of hand. His comments regarding the
fundamental security properties of PGP and the burden of
proof for software security are right on target.
One has to draw the line somewhere with regard to what "they"
are out to do. PGP may have had weaknesses from the beginning,
but to suggest a deliberate change so subtle to escape PGP's
original authors is to descend into the realm of paranoia.
In addition, such allegations are extremely rude, and I think
Dr. Cohen owes Derek an apology.
At the same time, I think some apologies are in order with
respect to some very good points raised by Dr. Cohen about
software security. There is a whole sub-discipline of CS
devoted to the construction of trusted computer systems, which
if practiced can result in much greater assurances about the
reliability and security of the resultant software. This is
(I believe) the source of Dr. Cohen's assertion that the
burden of proof is on those who claim something is secure.
PGP is practically a poster child for how not to write a secure
piece of software. It has had a great many authors. It is non-
modular. It is large and complex. Simplicity is almost always
sacrificed at the altar of even slight performance gains. It
is absolutely infested with platform-dependent code. And these
are only the problems that directly impact its security... it's
also strongly tied to a tty-style interface and implements a
poorly-designed format.
With respect to "tiger teaming" PGP, I think it is a pretty
hopeless proposition. It is never, ever going to be as secure
as some people would like it to be. Given the past and current
bug discovery rate, it is almost inconceivable that there are
not exploitable bugs. This is not to say it isn't "pretty good",
but it is not what someone with a formal background in real
secure systems developement would ever bless as "secure".
PGP needs to be thrown away and rewritten from scratch. This
has, in fact, been done, but while this development effort has
been incrementally better, it still doesn't qualify as a
secure development approach. Also, nobody has this product yet
for reasons that I won't mention as we don't need to start
another tangential flamewar.
In any event, I think it's important for people to realize that
in the security community, the burden of proof _is_ on the
software developer, not on those claiming security problems.
I'm surprised Perry hasn't chimed in on this score yet, many
of his posts allude to similar notions of security by design
and by construction.

@_date: 1995-08-02 14:44:31
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: US vs Overseas Banks 
Mostly they are afraid that you will get checks under a fake name, and
bounce a lot of them, which ends up costing them a lot of money, even
though they don't pay off on them. (Most of the  costs of any financial
transaction system come from handling exceptions). They are also
under obligation to provide accurate SSN or Business Tax-ID information
to the government on any interest-bearing account, so that you are
forced to declare it on your income taxes.
Clearly there are other ways of preventing or insuring against the
problems that arise from check fraud (such as not issuing checks),
but the IRS requirements are out of the bank's hands.

@_date: 1995-08-07 17:49:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: hardware encryption 
I'm looking for add-in cards that implement DES and/or RSA
for either a PC (ISA/EISA/whatever) or a Sun (S-Bus),
preferably a Sun. Also, the RSA card would need to implement
a 1024 bit modulus.
Any tips or pointers? I've got the list of chip makers in
_Applied Cryptography_, but the ones I've contacted so far
don't seem to know anything about cards, even if they admit
that they have the chips.

@_date: 1995-08-11 11:25:39
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: PRZ encrypted voice software release imminent 
Of course, if it was a substantial improvement over the
other "Internet Phone" stuff that's out there, and had
a good way of dealing with switching, etc., then people
would use it to make "free" l.d. phone calls on the net,
and the cryptography would get a free ride.
Generally, you are right in suggesting that anything that
requires people to crawl behind their computers, attach
new cables, purchase and debug a sound card under Windows,
and generally engage in techno-weenie hardware manipulations
will have less appeal than something plug and play. Even
given the extremely user-hostile elements of PGP the software,
I would be surprised if PGPFone became as popular.

@_date: 1995-08-18 14:37:46
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Economic Model for Key Cracking 
So far, list members have mostly presented two points of view on the
economics of key cracking:
  o It's free, since it uses spare CPU cycles
  o It should be priced at the cost of the dedicated computer
    hardware needed to do it.
Both of these approaches are wrong. The first approach fails because
it doesn't scale -- there probably aren't enough people willing to
crack lots of keys purely for the research interest, hack value, or the
goodness of their heart.
At the same time, many people and companies have lots of unused CPU
time on their hands. Economically, this CPU time is scrap material --
and there are companies out there that do nothing but buy up scrap
equipment for pennies on the dollar.
Therefore it should be possible to create a market in spare CPU cycles
for tasks like this that require massive parallel computing. An
earlier suggestion for bounties on keys (basically the Chinese lottery
approach) is a step in this direction.
I'd also like to point out that a hacker who can sniff out SSL-encrypted
packets on a hacked network is going to be vastly harder to catch than
someone who trolls through his or her physical community dumpster diving
and bribing clerks. The ability to anonymously gather and decrypt credit
card numbers has a vastly lower "cost" in terms of likelyhood of
prosecution. If it drops down to under $100 per key, it's probably at a
good break-even point to do it wholesale. Certainly the out-of-pocket
cost of cracking a 40-bit SSL key is less than that right now for a
great many people, even without creating a market.

@_date: 1995-09-04 08:14:49
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Key attributes (was: pseudonyms & list health) 
If anyone still has the flyer from the Crypto '95 rump session,
there was a guy there talking about ANSI standards, and one of
the things he mentioned in his talk was work they were doing on
"key attributes."
I spoke with him afterwards, and we had a lively discussion about
this matter; especially with regard to the relationship between
key certification and key attributes. I argued that certification is
just another kind of attribute, while he is fairly hung up on
certificate hierarchies, etc. (Of course, robust and well-implemented
attributes couild be used to implement a hierarchical certification
structure if that's what was desired, but there seems to be a
deep-seated feeling among crypto folks of a certain ilk that such
structure needs to be hard-coded into things.)
I'll be following up on this matter with him when I am reuinited
with my notes, which made an unintended trip to SF, while I only
went to Mountain View.

@_date: 1995-09-04 16:45:35
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Identity Agnostic Online Cash 
An early draft of a paper based on my comments at the Crypto '95
rump session is available at:
Here's the abstract:
Abstract: One of the unique aspects of Chaum's blind signature
scheme for anonymous transactions is that it is practiced entirely
by the side that wants to be anonymous. In a customer-bank
relationship, the customer's software practices the technology, not
the bank's. Chaum's patent on blind signatures cites as prior art a
non-anonymous signature scheme that differs significantly only in
steps taken by the "customer" side. An open standard for
electronic cash would then allow a bank or other cash issuer to
remain agnostic with respect to customer's software blinding or
not blinding. Since the bank's software would be practicing
technology cited as prior art by Chaum in his patent, and would
have a substantial non-infringing use, I argue that the bank would
not need to license Chaum's patents, provided the bank itself only
provided non-blinding customer software.
Here's a review of the talk by Hal Finney... :-)
One of the more interesting talks I thought was from cypherpunk Doug
Barnes, on "identity agnostic" electronic cash.  This is basically an
idea for creating a Magic-Money-type electronic cash server without
violating Chaum's cash patent.  What you do is to run the server and
publish a spec it will follow.  All the server does is do an RSA
signature on the raw data it receives and decrement the user's account
accordingly.  The user has a choice of doing blinding or not on the
Chaum's patent covers the blinding, so if the user wants to do that he
should be sure to license the patent or live somewhere it doesn't apply
(or ignore it if he figures he's too small potatoes for them to care
about).  But the server isn't responsible for checking all this.  It just
does RSA sigs, which is prior art as far as Chaum's patent goes.  Users
can blind or not, it doesn't care.  It is "identity agnostic" as Doug
The implication is that with an RSA license you could run this kind of
bank (online cash) and ignore Chaum's patents, while a horde of end users
violate the patents but take safety in numbers and get anonymity.
Lawyers like to go after big targets but the servers aren't violating

@_date: 1995-09-05 10:33:28
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Slightly faster checking for encrypted messages to me 
Hal --
I've actually given this some thought in the past, and
the most practical solution IMHO is much lower tech, although it
only works on non-initial messages in a correspondence.
If two entities want to communicate via a message pool,
without worrying about traffic analysis, but don't want
the overhead of trying to decrypt every headerless
message to the pool, then they can do the following:
1) In a "headered" message, one of the entities (A) sends
   a collection of large random numbers to be used as return
   markers, encrypted with the public key of the desired
   correspondent (B).
2) B can then respond to A with an essentially headerless
   message prefixed with one of the numbers send by A.
   This initial message should contain a list of similar
   numbers for B, that A can use to send messages to B.
3) Numbers are only used once; entities can now quickly
   scan the message pool by hashing the initial N bits
   of each message into a lookup table seeded with all
   the remaining random return markers they've distributed.
4) As an extension, you can divide your message pools
   into "initial contact" pools, which would begin with
   headerless public key encrypted blocks, and "conversation"
   pools that would begin with return markers. (Of course
   this is trivially open to denial of service attacks.)
This is the basic principal behind the TA-resistant streams
over UDP stuff I wrote up for cypherpunks last spring, except
in that case a given server does the lookup first, and only
then tries to treat the header as a public key encrypted
block instead of a MAC.
The Rabin stuff is a step in the right direction for the long
term, however.

@_date: 1995-09-05 13:57:43
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: approx of bignum^rational 
Does anyone have a good method for approximating bignums raised
rational exponents in the interval [0,1]?
Douglas Barnes
Electric Communities

@_date: 1995-09-06 18:27:08
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: fast modular reduction 
I was very distressed when Josh gave this presentation; apparently
patents have been filed, etc., and someone from another company
in Europe was claiming they'd _already_ patented it.
What is the story here? From my pov, the performance increase doesn't
justify the ramifications of dealing with yet another potentially
surly patent holder (either Microsoft in your case, or whoever the
irate European fellow was who claims to have already patented it.)

@_date: 1995-09-07 13:10:00
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: GAK 
One good (non-cypherpunk) argument against GAK is that it
concentrates a very large quantity of valuable keys in a few
places, where they become an extremely attractive target for
government or corporate espionage.
You could compare this to the function served by banks, but
banks tend to notice fairly quickly when money is missing.
Compromising keys doesn't involve removing anything, or throw
the books out of balance; they just get copied. The compromise
is only revealed if they are used clumsily.
Note that a few million keys would fit very easily on even a
low-end DAT tape (easily hidden in a pack of cigarettes).

@_date: 1995-09-08 18:00:00
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: GAK 
The economics of the situation seem to dictate that whether you have
one key or N keys, it's going to be cheaper to subvert the escrow agent
(you guys or whoever) than it is to brute-force even one key. Therefore
I'm not clear on how using multiple keys buys you much against the most
probable threat -- opponents getting physical access to keys or the
subversion of personnel who have legitimate access.
Of course, it's still a good policy, reducing the payoff to those too
timid to try the direct approach. But I think this threat is significantly
less likely than a disgruntled employee selling the DRC private
keys on a real instantiation of the Blacknet model, without even being
You may feel very comfortable with the personnel and procedures you
have in place now, but auditing and vetting systems are notorious
for scaling very, very poorly. You may feel you can vouch for the
trustworthiness of everyone at TIS now, but this sort of familiarity
also scales very poorly. And clearly, were this to become commercially
significant, it would need to scale quite a bit.
Douglas Barnes
Electric Communities

@_date: 1995-09-10 18:57:48
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Digital Fingerprinting 
A couple of threads have recently touched on aspects
of "digital fingerprinting", a term that covers a variety
of methods for making changes to digital documents in
order to trace the origin of illicit copies. This subject
has been on my mind after several discussions on this topic
at Crypto, as well as the one formal presentation on the
Here are some of my thoughts on this subject:
  o If the domain of changes is well understood, and can be
    altered without significant loss of quality, then it is
    trivially easy to remove the fingerprinting. In other words,
    if you know the algorithm used to create the fundamental
    codewords in the fingerprint, and you can overwrite
    arbitrary codeword bits with other codeword bits, then the scheme
    can be avoided without collaboration of any kind.
    Example: A software company fingerprints its software by
    mapping two equivalent machine instructions onto binary "0"
    and "1", respectively. Someone who knows about this could
    randomly replace one instruction with the equivalent one,
    which would reduce the fingerprint to noise.
    Example: A publishing company uses an even number of points
    between paragraphs to indicate "0" and an odd number of
    points to indicate "1". Someone who understands this can
    overwrite the fingerprint as above.
  o If a fingerprinting scheme depends on the secrecy of an algorithm,
    then this is really "security by obscurity", which may
    be effective for a period of time, but is likely to meet
    the fate of most copy protection schemes that have rested
    on raw obscurity.
  o Certain domains of information lend themselves to the
    secure formation of fingerprint "bits" that are very difficult
    to scrub in this way. One such scheme was used as the basis
    for the presentation at Crypto: imagine that a film was shot
    with two (or N) cameras. For each frame of the film, the
    distributor can chose to take a frame from a different
    camera. Frames from camera 0 would be mapped onto binary "0",
    frames from camera 1 would be mapped onto binary "1". Using
    this approach it is possible to construct schemes that are
    resistant to collaboration up to "N" people.
    The security of such schemes rests on the assumption
    that given one frame, it is very hard (and possibly intractable)
    to fuzz up the frame such that the parallax information doesn't
    give away which camera shot the frame. Rather than hiding the
    fingerprint information in the "low bits", this technique hides
    the information throughout the picture.
    In one sense, a 2D picture of a 3D object is similar to a one-
    way hash function. It is a form of lossy compression on the 3D
    object that is impractical to work backwards.
  o Note that overwriting a fingerprint with random noise (or
    whatever) does not generate a valid replacement fingerprint.
    Therefore it would still be possible to tell that a document
    had been tampered with (and was not a valid copy), even if
    its provenance could not be determined.
  o A number of people are working on "black box" viewer technology,
    which would allow people to purchase documents that could only
    be read on devices with tamper-resistant hardware in them that
    would be required to decrypt media. Certainly much piracy could
    be done by capturing the output of such a box (unless it was
    embedded in a tamper-resistant chasis); there are some proposed
    schemes for reducing the payoff of output capture, but they
    depend on a similar approach to the movie fingerprinting idea
    above -- the base data format is somehow richer, possibly capable
    of generating different output under different circumstances or
    on different hardware platforms, while the output of the black
    box represents only one view of the base data.
    Example: a base format for a 3D object is encrypted with a
    public key resident in the "black box". Said black box also
    includes a hardware 3D rendering engine. The output of the
    black box consists of a series of 2D frames, which may make
    it impractial to reproduce the base 3D object.
    It is my considered opinion that this sort of technology will
    meet with tremendous customer resistance, and will not prove
    practical or cost-effective; many analysts are predicting a
    trend toward more general purpose computers for media viewing
    rather than towards specialized hardware that is needed for
    this kind of approach.
  o There are also some profound practical and legal problems with
    the use of digital fingerprinting. For one thing, it involves
    generating a unique copy of every document for each consumer.
    After the digitial fingerprinting session at Crypto, a guy from
    Microsoft was pointing out the incredible difficulties posed
    by trying to fingerprint, say, every copy of Windows 95.
    On the legal front, it's not clear what you can do to someone
    even if you _can_ prove that the 100,000 pirate copies of Windows
    95 circulating in Amsterdam stemmed from his copy. Machines get
    hacked, co-workers and family members often have free access to
    machines running software -- it's not clear that media companies
    _want_ to invoke the paranoia associated with potential responsibility
    for millions of dollars in damages if someone makes an illegal copy
    of one's software and the loaves and fishes ensue. [Imagine what
    great revenge this would make for jealous co-workers, ex-wives, etc.]

@_date: 1995-09-11 13:15:16
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re:  Digital Fingerprinting 
One of the points that I'm exploring is "what kind of transformation
makes for an un-fuzzable fingerprint bit." This example seems to fall
into the same bin as the "two cameras" approach; the two sentences come
out of the author's head in the same way that the two cameras are pointed
at the same piece of reality.
Right. All of these approaches, however, assume unforgeable bits, either
by obscurity of insertion, or by means that are analagous to the "two
cameras" approach. I'm trying to come up with a robust definition of
"two cameras-ness", any suggestions appreciated.
The problem with changes like this is that if they're trivial enough
not to require retesting, etc., then once hackers know the accepted
range of modification, they can completely fuzz them up. Various
other schemes such as reordering object modules fall into this as
well. The problem with software is that it can be reverse-compiled,
then compiled again. Unless you're willing to define a series of branches
that really do different things (and are not so trivial to be
expressed as algorithmic variants), then bits can be fuzzed. If you
_do_ write these branches, you are in for a rough time when it comes
time to do quality assurance on your software.

@_date: 1995-09-18 17:59:21
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Caribbean Internet Services? 
Actually, it just highlights the need to make sure one is relying
on buried/underwater cables, as well as the importance of hurricane
resistant architecture.
Virtually all of the buildings destroyed would have been obviously
unsuitable for locating important servers even before this recent
Note that this is not an endorsement or a condemnation of "Libertaria
in Cyberspace" or in any particular physical location.

@_date: 1995-09-22 12:52:58
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
Spent too much time last night playing with the Netscape bug;
among other things wrote some code to throw various random binary
URLs at Netscape. Netscape seems prepared to swallow the bait
as long as the URL does _not_ contain characters screened as
 if ((c != '"') && (c!='>') && (c!=0) && (c!='/') ) {
This means you can't plant 0x00, 0x22, 0x3e or 0x2f.
Anything else can be made to show up in various registers
after things go blooey.  I've only made it segfault in
different places so far, still working on getting it to do
something it wouldn't ordinarily do and not crash before
it does it.
[Working under Solaris 2.4; I may try my luck on Macs, since
this bug crashes the whole OS... need to load up debug tools
first though.]
Hope this helps others...

@_date: 1995-09-22 13:49:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
This seems not to be the case.
See:  (which contains these
bytes fairly early in the sequence, and still does a lovely job
of crashing.)
Showed the bug to EC's president, he immediately wanted to try
it. It completely blew his PPC Mac (I've got a Powerbook 540C)
out of the water. (Error of type 11, dialog with only
the restart button.) My powerbook hangs on for a bit and then
locks up.
Onward to the exploit!

@_date: 1995-09-27 13:54:53
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: WSJ on Netscape Hole 3 
I just tested this under Solaris 2.4 and it "turns out not to be
the case." I approached my "bad" URL from a variety of other places,
passing through various other pages, and the stack structure was
still the same when I clicked on the bad guy. The big problem I'm
having on this platform is the windowing register system on the SPARC
architecture, which interacts in weird ways with the debugger.
The lack of determinacy about where the stack is loaded in global
memory _does_ seem to be a much bigger problem on the Mac, which
is still not anything approaching a multi-tasking OS. Under Unix,
proceses get their own address space to play in, which is always
the same; on Macs, with their weird relocatable heaps, you never
know where stuff is going to get loaded.
I wonder how this is handled in Windows 95....
As for objections about how worthwhile this is, it's pretty clear
that a patch will be available for this problem before we can finish
and publicize an exploit. This is not, however, the last piece of
network software that will contain problems of this sort, and it is
a good idea to build up expertise in this area. I'd also suggest going
after some of the other browsers... I know, for instance, that AOL's
browser dies horribly on these same sort of URLs.
Good luck, all.

@_date: 1995-09-27 14:17:14
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: JCrypt (was: getting netscape to support the remailers) 
Currently jcrypt is implemented as a glue layer on top of RSAREF.
This means it has to be accessed through native methods. Also,
in general, one doesn't want to be downloading trusted security code
every time one uses it, even if it has strong authentication (and
this hasn't been built into Java yet.)
So there are two questions:
  o Will netscape allow local trusted Java code to be invoked
    by downloaded applets?
  o Will netscape support native methods in such code?
I would _greatly_ prefer to implement the jcrypt code in 100%
java, but there are legal barriers to doing this where RSA is
patented. JCrypt, however, is designed to allow the native
methods to be replaced with Java should someone desire to do
Also, there are other architectural concerns involving the
direct or indirect invocation of local trusted encryption code
by untrusted, downloaded software, which will be addressed
somewhat in the next release of JCrypt.

@_date: 1995-09-28 17:51:04
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Crypto hardware (was: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA?) 
[Tim May writes about why crypto h/w acceleration using DSPs,
and DSPs in general, are likely doomed niche markets.]
I pretty much agree with Tim, except it's important to realize
that a for a _server_ that is doing a lot of RSA operations, the
difference between a 3.2 second encryption and a 1.9 second
encryption is significant. Peak transaction volume for any
public key-based payment system is going to be a factor of how many
RSA ops you can do per second.
It seems clear though that what's desired for this scenario is
good, dedicated hardware based on ASICs. I've been trying to buy
a sample board from Uti-Maco in Belgium, which looks ideal for
this sort of thing, but have finally given up in the face of
communications problems, their fear of RSA Labs, new Belgian
export controls they haven't tried to work with yet, and their
belief that I need a US crypto import license, which I can't persuade
anyone to admit _exists_.
Anyhow, for personal use, the only dedicated hardware we're likely
to see will not be focused on speed, but rather on security. Stuff
like the various PCMCIA cards from Nat Semi and Telequip, the
"decoder rings" and "decoder keychain do-dads" and so forth that
have security and conveniece benefits.

@_date: 1995-09-29 16:46:37
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Crypto hardware (was: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA?) 
Also, even if national boundaries could be transcended (it's not just
the US any more on this score), I'll grant to Tim that server-oriented
cryptography h/w isn't going to be a mass-market item. It's going to
be a niche market, but it's an _absolutely vital_ niche market if this
stuff is going to take off in a big way. I, too, wouldn't invest big
bucks in a company that did nothing but server-oriented crypto h/w,
but I know that a lot of very good business ideas _won't work at all_
if this stuff doesn't exist.
At the same time, there is going to be a very good business in
consumer-oriented crypto devices as the problems inherent in using
a general purpose computer for storing & processing keys, e-cash,
etc. become apparent. I'm leaning away from the less specialized stuff,
e.g. "checkbook on a PCMCIA card" and toward general purpose cards
like the nat. semi. and telequip stuff. Both of these companies are
rumored to be offering server-oriented products in the next couple of
quarters to compliment their consumer product lines.
The problem with general purpose machines has nothing to do with
native processing vs. DSPs, but rather the fact that g.p. machines
have mechanical hard drives and don't fit in your pocket. They also
tend to house a lot of dubious other software that could get its
grubby hands on things. These issues of reliability, portability
and security don't affect things like soundcards, which is why
native signal processing is likely to win there, but not in the
use of crypto to secure valuable transactions.

@_date: 1995-09-30 10:43:08
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Crypto hardware (was: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA?) 
There is a lot more to cryptography hardware than just making
stuff go fast. Any kind of co-processor array could handle the
job -- doesn't have to be DSPs. For unsigned integer math, the
486 DX4/100 is a perfectly decent chip, and prices are plumetting.
If all you want is to make RSA go fast, you can rack up as
many of these as you want, and do your work at Ethernet speeds
(which should be more than fast enough for the forseeable future.)
Also, you get to use your old familiar (and inexpensive) programming
tools to write your code.
It also turns out that when you're actually using cryptography to do
valuable stuff, a lot of other concerns are just as
important as speed -- in particular, physical security over the
private keys. Most server-oriented cryptography add-ins are highly
tamper-resistant units that can only be re-keyed when some sort
of dongle is attached. Said dongle can be kept much more securely
than a whole computer. Although other threats still remain, this
substantially reduces the threat of key compromise. Incidentally,
good hardware of this sort uses ASICs that give substantially more
bang for the buck than the DSP solutions you're suggesting.
Certainly messing around with DSPs is fun -- I've done it and
enjoyed it -- but I don't think they will ever be significant as
cryptographic co-processors.

@_date: 1995-10-27 09:59:30
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Digitial Money [SHAMELESS PLUG FOR BOOK] 
Leslie Lundquist, a co-worker of mine here at Electric Communities,
together with Dan Lynch from Cybercash & Interop fame, has written
a book called  _Digital Money: The New Era of Internet Commerce_.
It should appear in stores "real soon now"; it can be ordered right now
from any book store for $24.95. The book is intended as an overview
of current and projected digital payment systems and commerce, and
contains basic background information on the underlying technology.
It is intended for the general reader: this is the kind of book a
techno-weenie might buy for his or her manager to help them understand
some of these issues.
Note that this is a different book than _Digital Cash_, by Peter Wayner.
I'm not in the loop on this, but this appears to be "one of those
things" and not intentional on anyone's part.
For more information, e-mail leslie

@_date: 1995-10-27 11:39:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
[stuff about losing e-cash]
They already point out that you shouldn't hoard money on
your own machine.
I've been doing what I can to pitch in and help out, including
some suggested edits to their materials. Here's my suggested
rewording of that section:
Ecash that you keep on the hard drive is like cash. It can be erased
accidentally in the event of a hard drive crash or other system problem.
While we do have safeguards against this, there is a possibility you
could lose money if your ecash files are lost.
Money in the Ecash Mint is also like cash. Although the Mint is well-
secured and maintained by computer professionals, it is a new,
somewhat experimental system. Also, it is connected to the Internet.
While we have taken many steps to ensure the Mint's security, we cannot
at this time make the same guarrantees we'd make for a regular bank
Because of these factors, we strongly urge you to keep your balances in
the Mint and on your hard drive fairly low. A good rule of thumb is
to have no more money on your personal computer than you'd be comfortable
carrying in your wallet in a typical American city. Don't leave more
money in the Mint than you'd be comfortable leaving stashed in a drawer
in your house.

@_date: 1995-10-28 04:56:47
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Electric Communities (was: COS_sec) 
FWIW, this is the company I work for. Not a bad article; more
info is available at:  Three of
the nine people who work here are long-time subscribers to this
list... I was recruited at a c'punks Bay Area meeting.
--doug "member of the cryptographic staff" barnes

@_date: 1995-10-28 06:40:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: newsweek oct 30 Levy digital cash article 
I would not say that privacy is "sacrificed" if, in fact, Digicash
has implemeneted this "write down the original random seed" backup
method. Worst case scenario -- you write down the seed, and when the
police break down your door, they find that you've written it down.
Well, if things have progressed to that point, you're in pretty
serious trouble anyhow, and if you're expecting this to happen you
have a simple remedy -- back up & encrypt your wallet rather than
writing the seed down. Or, put the seed in a little text file,
encrypt the text file, and back it up.
I suspect, however, that this means that the Digicash wallet doesn't
pick up new bits of entropy to "groom" it's random state. Also, it
was unclear where this state came from, but it's hopefully not just
text entered by the user. (I could see getting the state from something
like keystrokes or mouse clicks, then having the user write down a
checksummed, error-corrected string as a preferred alternative.)

@_date: 1995-10-01 18:54:35
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Crypto hardware summary 
[A summary of my points on crypto hardware follows my response
to Norm.]
I'm aware of this -- I was using Tim's pessimistic estimate
of improvement... to make it clearer for those who didn't read
his post, I should have said, "Even if the reduction is only from
3.2 seconds to 1.9 seconds, it would be significant for someone
running a server." I'm aware that with  DSPs you can get rather
better results; an ASIC will get you another order of magnitude
over DSPs (assuming equivalent price -- the Moto 96K DSP is a real
gem for bignum math but is many times more expensive than an
equally effective ASIC. They were also having serious availability
problems last year...)
Here is a summary of my points on this subject to date, for those
who haven't been following this discussion:
  o Using coprocessors of any sort to achieve speed in cryptography
    operations is probably not justified for end users; it is almost
    always justified for servers with a high volume of transactions
    requiring public key authentication or encryption.
  o DSPs are not really as attractive as general purpose CPUs for
    accelerating cryptography for high-volume servers. Although DSP
    architecture is somewhat more conducive to bignum math, the benefits
    seem to be offset by the wide availability of standard CPUs and
    tools for programming them. If a large increase in speed is desired
    without resorting to single-purpose hardware, I recommend using
    a large number of standard CPUs as coprocessors, rather than an
    equivalent approach with DSPs. (The fact that uint multiplies
    on a 486 take multiple clock cycles is offset by the higher
    internal clock speeds and lower cost of the 486. You can point out
    super-fast DPSs, and I can point out their super-large price tags,
    more expensive tools, and substantially more expensive programmers.)
  o The real way to go for speed is ASICs, which give you much better
    bang for the buck, although they have disadvantages, including
    problems of export, inflexibility, etc. My favorite RSA chip board
    so far is from Uti-Maco in Belgium, which is a tamper-resistant
    add-in card with a 8086-compatible controller and a custom BIOS
    for doing RSA and DES operations in h/w, which allows s/w to be
    developed using standard tools. (I have ranted at length about the
    complications involved with _Beligan_ crypto export controls,
    which seem to stem from NATO pressure and US desire to balkanize
    the market for cryptography products.)
  o People doing valuable transactions on servers are going to want
    tamper resistance and hardware-key security. This is more important
    in some cases than speed, although speed is also very important.
  o People running cryptography-based transaction clients on their PCs are
    going to learn, one way or another, that having valuable secret keys
    on their hard disks is not a great idea. This, not speed, is the
    primary motivation for consumer-oriented cryptography hardware.
    People want their keys and financial transactions on secure, removable,
    non-mechanical media. Products that provide this are just starting
    to come on the market, notably from National Semiconductor and
    Telequip.
  o End-user software will need to be written to allow, but not require,
    external cryptography devices. Consequently, consumer software that
    performs valuable transactions still needs to be written in an
    extremely paranoid fashion with respect to the reliability and
    security of the underlying hardware.

@_date: 1995-10-03 00:00:30
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Netscape finally issuing md5sums/pgp signed binaries ? (was Re: NetScape'sdependence upon RSA down for the count!) 
The idea here is to use multiple alternative channels for distributing
the checksums (newsgroups, mailing lists, telephone support lines,
fax-back service, e-mail, etc.), in addition to the ftp sites.
Also, since you guys use (relatively untrusted) mirror sites, you can
distribute the checksums on your official sites, so that people can
verify them from you directly, even if it's more practical for their
main download to be from a "local" mirror.

@_date: 1995-10-07 22:24:46
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
I strongly recommend that anyone considering licensing from Chaum
first read my paper on some interesting aspects of his basic blinding
patent. The paper is at: I will be putting up another short paper on anonymous currency
management within the next few days.
Also, I strongly recommend that anyone serious about this not use the
word "bank", and take the time to figure out how to structure the
service as an NBFI (non-banking financial institution) and not a "bank".
Note that NBFIs are still regulated, and you will, at minimum, need to
consult with your state banking regulators as well as the IRS (who
also regulate money transmitters, i.e. issuers of traveller's checks,
moneygrams, etc.) Note that the BSA (Bank _non_ Secrecy Act) does in fact
apply to NBFIs and money transmitters, and you should be sure to educate
yourself as to the implications of this.
I will be covering some aspects of these issues at length in my trip
report on the anti-money-laundering conference I recently attended,
which was a real eye-opener in a number of ways.

@_date: 1995-10-08 08:44:04
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
Adam --
I'm afraid you may have somewhat misunderstood the motivation
behind the Identity Agnostic paper. In no way is it intended as
a way of not facing the music wrt regulators in the country(s) where
such an institution has offices. The IA approach is intended as
an possible alternative for an institution that might otherwise
license from Chaum.
The regulators I've discussed this with are primarily concerned
with how money moves into and out of a digital cash system. The
fact that small payments cannot be traced from buyer to seller is
not at the top of their list of concerns -- it's already a basic
fact of life for them in existing payment systems. They are also
not oblivious to the privacy concerns inherent in an institution
logging masssive amounts of counterparty data about small transactions.
I would strongly discourage anyone from trying to set up a garage-
type operation. While regulators clearly don't appreciate the
subtleties of this stuff, they can spot an illegal bank or an
unlicensed money transmitter from a mile away.
If your concern is creating account anonymity, then you're going
to need to set up outside of the US. Do be aware that even the more
relaxed countries of the world have regulations that cover this
sort of thing, and they are especially interested in making sure
you at least pay the appropriate licensing fees.

@_date: 1995-10-08 17:52:22
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks digicash bank? 
Yes, and not really so much because of price. I'm not the only person
who has found David hard to work with -- he has apparently decided to only
license "respectable" organizations that will not, in his eyes, make his
technology look "bad". I can tell you from painful, expensive experience
that a band of cypherpunks does not qualify as "respectable" in his eyes.
Alas for David, his technology is fundamentally cypherpunk -- there
is little motivation for a "respectable" institution to be the first
penguin on this stuff.
So, if you're a bank, licensing from David is cheap and relatively
painless, but there are powerful disincentives to deployment. Also,
assessing demand is problematic. For a small cypherpunk startup, the
demand is obvious, there are powerful incentives, but the cost of
licensing and David's reluctance to license a slightly wild-eyed
startup act as a barrier. There is certainly a middle ground, but
nobody seems to be stepping forward.
My understanding was that we were exploring the idea of a much smaller,
non-bank organization going into the digital cash business. Note that
while this is theoretically interesting to me, the fact that I'm talking
openly about this stuff is largely due to my decision _not_ to get
personally involved in this kind of venture except as a sidelines
cheerleader, or as an absolute last resort if nobody deploys.
Given that we're talking about a small, cypherpunk-motivated NBFI, I
think the IA stuff will work fine. It should be presented to the
regulators as if it were a fully-blinded system, since there won't
be any guarantee that blinding isn't occurring.
You raise the issue of using software not supplied by the "bank" --
if we're talking about a c'punks project, I'd assume you'd make the
full source code of the system available. The change of a client
from non-blinding to blinding would be about two lines of code.
You've also discussed the issue of commercial uptake -- as I see
it, one of the primary goals of a project like this would be to
provide incentive to deploy to the allegedly numerous Chaum licensees
that have not implemented a damned thing so far. And, with a nice
interface -- or at least the sort of generic GUI interface you can
get with Java -- it might do surprisingly well on its own merits.
Realistically, as soon as someone large comes along, you're likely
to get squashed. But it would be an interesting ride, and you might
just end up getting bought out instead of squashed.
As for a limit on transaction size, my understanding is that Mondex
is using $300 initially as a transaction limit. This certainly seems
reasonable, and it skates in underneath a lot of magic numbers.

@_date: 1995-10-08 22:24:48
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Conference Summary, Part the First 
As you may know, I attended the Fourth International conference
on Money Laundering, Forfeiture, Asset Recovery, Offshore Investments,
the Pacific Rim and International Financial Crimes last week. I
will be dribbling my trip report out over the next week.
The conference was attended primarily by lawyers, bank "compliance
officers", law enforcement personnel and federal regulators. There
were several main themes through the conference:
  o How existing and soon-to-exist regulations affect banks and
    NBFIs (Non-bank financial institutions) with respect to money
    laundering.
  o How the US is projecting its notions of fiscal propriety around
    the globe.
  o Scary stories about things bad people do.
There were also a few bits that prevented it from being a complete
pro-law-enforcement rally, including an interesting bit on foreign
asset protection trusts and a single speaker who dared to suggest that
if we stopped treating drugs as a law enforcement problem, perhaps we
wouldn't have such a serious problem with money laundering. There was
also the bizarre substitution of a marketroid from First Virtual for one
of the speakers.
Despite this somewhat bleak description, it was extremely educational,
and, I think quite useful -- the utility coming not so much from the
explicit content, but rather from the subtext of the talks, the
interactions between the different parties, the hallway conversations,
and the vast tracts of ignorance with respect to cyberspace that were
displayed (and, to be honest, openly admitted) in some of the talks.
Some quick morsels of interest:
  o Regulators are not amused by attempts to run unlicensed online
    banks. They are aware such things are starting to pop up, and
    they are very interested in shutting them down when they do.
  o The same goes for NBFIs (Non-bank financial institutions) --
    these appear to be regulated primarily at the state level, with
    some IRS and FinCEN involvement. These include everyone from
    stock brokers to Casas de Cambio. (I shared a table with a lawyer
    from Chula Vista who represents some of these guys -- he had a
    wonderful sense of humor and we began to worry we'd get chucked
    out for laughing at the wrong parts of the presentations.)
  o The attendees displayed an understanding of the situation wrt
    electronic payment systems that ran from dim to non-existent. A
    surprisingly large number of them had heard of David Chaum, who
    apparently has been hob-nobbing with them a bit. I don't think
    much of what he's said has sunk in, beyond some acquisition of
    the notion that non-anonymous systems can pose privacy problems.
THE _REALLY_ SCARY PART
New Regulations Coming, Old Regulations Reinterpreted
Recent legislation and regulation on money laundering is moving
in the following direction:
  o Fewer formal, specific or deterministic rules for reporting
    suspicious transactions.
  o More vague, subjective, and privacy-invading rules for
    reporting suspicious transactions, coupled with more severe
    penalties for banks and NBFIs.
More specifically ("bank" includes NBFIs):
  o Banks are now considered "deputies" of the federal government
    in the War On Money Laundering.
  o Banks have an affirmative duty to use their resources to seek
    out and report on suspicious activity.
  o Banks must implement strict "Know Your Customer" policies.
  o If money launderers are found to be using a bank, a bank
    can be closed down (Under Annunzio-Wylie "death penalty"
    provisions); penalties are mitigated if:
    o Senior officers are aware of and pushing for compliance
      with m.l. regulations.
    o Bank has strong controls that were thwarted in a new or
      unusual way.
    o Bank cooperated (and has a history of cooperating with)
      Law Enforcement Agencies, including appropriate filing
      of Currency Transaction Reports (CTRs), Suspicious Activity
      Reports (SARs) and Criminal Referral Forms (CRFs).
    o Bank instituted new controls after m.l. incident.
    o Removal of bank would harm community.
The primary representative of the regulators, Dan Sato, made it
very clear that it was not the government's job to define
"suspicious" behavior, but that this was up to the banks. This
has the effect of causing the banks to implement far more
restrictive and invasive policies than the government could ever
explicitly mandate.
Those of you who have recently experienced new account paranoia
at banks should take note -- it's going to get much, much worse.
Current compliance measures being used or proposed for use by the
industry itself include:
 o Increased ID requirements for new accounts, including bank
   references, follow-up investigation, flagging of mail-drop
   addresses, etc. One attendee described some software to detect
   new account fraud in glowing terms.
 o Use of transaction profiling to detect unusual patterns; use of
   AI at banks to turn them into mini-FinCENs.
 o Pre-loading transaction profiling with a detailed questionnaire
   given to customers when account is opened: "Do you plan to make
   any large cash transactions?", "Do you plan to send or receive
   any wire transfers?" -- answers trigger further investigation
   and documentation of the customer's reson for using these services.
Note that equivalent measures and software are enthusiastically
embraced by the people involved in NBFIs, including a
representative of a large money transmitter I spoke with.
Most of the discussions on the subject of bank regulation wrt
money laundering featured some input from John Byrne, a lobbyist
for the American Banker's Assocation, and, for reasons which
are clear, "the first private sector recipient of FinCEN's
Director's Medal for Exceptional Service." Mr. Byrne continued to
provide exceptional service for the government throughout the
conference, a model of government-industry cooperation.
It is important for people not involved in the banking industry
to realize that it is very tightly regulated, with a good deal of
highly subjective lattitude given to bank examiners. There is
very little due process available to banks wrt the judgements made
by examiners, and banks wisely do whatever they can to avoid
irritating the government. The alternative is higher fines and
less benefit of the doubt when they inevitably screw up and
violate one of the yards of regulations affecting them. [I am
continuing to research how control is extended to NBFIs.]
This enthusiastic compliance is not too surprising. In
fact, one of the recurring complaints from the bankers was that
over the years they had dutifully filed Suspicious Activity Reports
and Criminal Activity Forms and nothing ever happened; as a reward
for their concerns, they now have an affirmative duty to follow
up on these forms if they don't hear back from an appropriate LEA.
(Failure to follow up is now considered a form of willful blindness.)
And finally, for your entertainment and edification, here are some
examples of "suspicious behavior", generally:
o Insufficient, false, or suspicious information provided by
  the customer.
o Cash deposits, purchase and/or deposits of monetary instruments,
  or wire transfers which are not consistent with the business activities
  of the customer. (Ponder for a bit how closely a bank has to understand
  you and your business to make this determination.)
o Structuring of transactions to avoid reporting requirements (a
  running joke in the conference was that a $9,500 cash transaction
  is far more suspicious than a $24,000 one.)
o Funds transfer to foreign countries.
More specifically:
o Customer is reluctant to provide information requested for
  proper identification.
o Customer opens a number of accounts under one or more names and
  subseqently makes deposits of less than $10K in one or more of them.
o Customer is reluctant to proceed with transaction after being
  informed that a CTR will be filed.
o Customer makes frequent deposits or withdrawals for no apparent
  business reason, or for a business which generally does not involve
  large amounts of cash. (Again, ponder the process of determining
  this.)
o Customer exchanges large amounts of currency from small to large
  denomination bills.
o Customer makes frequent purchases of monetary instruments for cash
  in amounts less than $10K.
o Customers who enter the bank simultaneously and each conduct a large
  currency transaction under $10K with different tellers.
o Customer who makes constant deposits of funds into an account and
  almost immediately requests wire transfers to another city or
  country, and that activity is inconsistent with the customer's
  stated business.
o Customer who receives wire transfers and immediately purchases
  monetary instruments for payment to another party.
o Traffic patterns of a customer change in the safe deposit box
  area possibly indicating the safekeeping of large amounts of cash.
o Custmoer discusses CTR requirements with apparent intention of
  avoiding those requirements or makes threats to an employee to deter
  the filing of a CTR.
o Customer's wire traffic increases, esp. if international
o Customer receives many small incoming wire transfers or deposits
  of checks and money orders then requests wire transfers to another
  city or country.
o Large wire transfers less than $10K to nonaccountholders, esp.
  in conjunction with purchase of monetary instruments.
o Customer's stated purpose for a loan does not make economic sense,
  or customer proposes cash collateral for a loan while refusing to
  disclose the purpose of a loan.
o Requests for loans to offshore companies, or loans secured by the
  obligations of offshore banks.
o Borrower pays down a large problem loan suddenly, with no reasonable
  explanation of the source of funds.
o Customer purchases CDs and uses them as collateral, or uses any
  cash collateral for a loan.
o Loan proceeds are unexpectedly channeled off-shore.
[More to come.]

@_date: 1995-10-10 09:39:04
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
FWIW, we had some ideas about how to attack the GC from untrusted code,
involving resurrection of objects during finalization. This turned out
not to work -- the Javoids apparently anticipated this problem in their

@_date: 1995-10-10 19:32:50
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Int'l Money Laundering, Part the Second 
INTERNATIONAL ASPECTS
The increasingly long arm of US law
Those of you who have read my earlier exploration on the subject
of jurisdiction (
should be aware of a wide variety of ways that the US can "reach
out and touch someone" they're not pleased with.
Well, last week, I learned a few more.
There are several ways in which the US is attempting to exert
hegemony throughout the world wrt banking regulation:
  o Identification of "fiscally tolerant" nations and banking
    havens, and close regulatory examination of all transactions
    with these countries.
  o Pressure on major US trading partners and allies to pass
    and implement anti-money-laundering legislation and
    regulatory regimes.
  o Regulations on foreign banks with offices in the US, making
    compliance demands on world-wide operations.
  o Criminal prosecution of banks suspected of institutional
    involvement in money laundering, even if said bank has no
    offices or branches in the US.
  o Worldwide pre-trial substitute asset forfeiture of banks
    suspected of institutional involvement in money laundering,
    even if said bank has no offices or branches in the US.
Pariah Nations in Banking
As I touched on briefly in the previous section, transactions
with well-known banking havens can automatically qualify as
"suspicious." And in addition to some of the better known havens,
a number of countries were pointed out at the conference as
being "fiscally tolerant", including Malta, Uruguay, Japan,
Ireland and Belgium; in another presentation the countries of
Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union were identified as
"rapidly growing" sources of suspicious baning activity.
Transactions with counterparties in such countries will be flagged
by regulators for closer examination -- banks with large percentages
of transactions with these countries will be expected to meet a
higher standard in their attempt to identify "suspicious" behavior
and will be under increasing pressure to investigate their customers'
business practicies and motivation for all bank transactions.
Some countries are clearly going to continue to tell the US to
"get stuffed." However, if the US is successful in pressuring more
and more countries to "tow the line", it will leave a shrinking
pool of transactions subject to closer and closer examination.
New Money Laundering Legislation
Two presentations, one from Taiwan, the other from Thailand,
focused on new or proposed legislation wrt money laundering in
those countries. Based on my direct experience of living in the
former, and my reseach into the latter, it's going to be a very,
very long time before such legislation has a significant
impact on either country.
Chinese people (who are in the majority in Taiwan, and form
an economically active minority in Thailand) are very cash-
oriented; I vividly remember payday in Taiwan, with the boss
sitting at a table piled with money, bundling up salaries for
everyone. I'd come home at the end of each month with a giant
wad of cash from my several different jobs. One could hardly
imagine a better environment for money laundering than a society
in which large quantities of cash change hands on a regular basis.
After his talk, the Taiwanese speaker acknowledged the problems,
but seemed hopeful that progress could be made.
The speaker from Thailand, Nualnoi Treerat, a professor of
Economics, discussed the proposed legislation primarily as an
attempt to reduce the impact of organized crime on
political life and society in Thailand; however, by her own
estimations, the underground economy in Thailand represents
17-19% of the country's GDP (mostly drugs and prostitution.)
Given the extensive corruption which she also detailed, it
seems that such legislation will be a very small step indeed.
Other speakers addressed the issue of cultural differences
with respect to the use of cash and attitudes towards privacy,
and it came up at lunch both days -- in many cultures, financial
privacy is held in much higher regard than in the US, and people
have a  much stronger suspicion towards the government. Furthermore,
there are many people who feel this way in the US. There is going
to be an inevitable clash between atttempts to closely regulate
and monitor money movements and people's fundamental desire for
privacy. It's not clear that people of any culture can be sufficiently
frightend by the bad guys to give up as much of their privacy as
would be required for ultimate success in the War on Money Laundering.
Despite the dim chances of success, it's clear that the US has
been at least partially successful in coercing and coaxing other
countries to adopt measures against money laundering, and to
some extent there is local support for these measures. But these
direct efforts pale by comparison to some other techniques...
Foreign Bank Regulation
In various pro-privacy publications I've read, there have been
oblique warnings about doing business with foreign banks that
maintain offices in the US. At this conference, I learned some
very concrete reasons for this.
It turns out that if a foreign bank wants to open a US office,
they must demonstrate compliance with US money laundering laws
throughout their _worldwide operations_. Furthermore, they're
expected to have solid leadership for these policies from their
home offices.
This puts such banks in a serious bind. For instance, while
Annunzio-Wylie absolves (or attempts to absolve) banks from civil
liability for filing Suspicious Activity Reports and Criminal
Referral Forms on their cusomters, this absolution does not extend
to the home countries of these banks, where substantially different
laws may obtain -- possibly explicitly forbidding this kind of
There is almost a certain kind of logic to this kind of activity,
but not content to extend our laws over the worldwide operations
of banks with US offices, there are two ways in which US authorities
are now attempting to extend US laws to banks _with no US offices_.
Extraterritorial Reach
The best paper presented at the conference, hands down, was
"Surviving the Solution: The Extraterritorial Reach of the
United States," by Kirk Munroe, a criminal defense attorney
practicing in Miami. [I intend to find out if an online
version of this paper can be made available.]
To quote Mr. Munroe:
  The US money laundering law specifically provides for
  extraterritorial jurisdiction when (a) the conduct is by a US
  citizen anywhere in the world, or, if by a non-US citizen,
  the conduct occurs, at least in part, in the United States,
  and (b) the transactions, or a series of related transactions,
  exceeds $10,000. [18 USC $ 1956(f)]
Some add'l background: banks involved in international business
typically have a number of _correspondent accounts_ scattered
around the world that are used for clearing wire transfers and
other transactions. Since the BCCI scandal, the US government
has increasingly gone after these accounts when a bank is
suspected of facilitating money laundering.
Furthermore, banks can have these correspondent accounts seized,
even if they no longer contain "dirty" money, because they
_facilitated_ a money laundering activity.
When you combine these elements, you get a strategy that
permits the US government to confiscate worldwide correspondent
accounts of banks, even if they don't have a US presence.
The first case Mr. Munroe cites is that of Banco de Occidente
(Panama), one of his clients, that was alleged to have facilitated
the laundering of the proceeds of drug transactions. The indictment
included criminal charges against the banks and a criminal
forfeiture charge. The government also filed a civil action for
the forfeiture of $412 million allegedly laundered (although it
had already passed completely through the bank.)
The government then proceded to freeze not only the bank's US
correspondent accounts, but also accounts in Germany, Switzerland
and Canada, leading to the insolvency of the bank and its subsequent
takeover by the Panamanian Banking Commission. [The Germans quickly
unfroze the account after a civil action brought by the bank.]
Quoting Munroe:
  After months of difficult and complicated negotiations which
  involved the banks' various interests in eight nations, a
  resolution was reached with the governments of the US, Canada,
  and Switzerland... [the bank] entered a guilty plea and agreed
  to forfeit, over a period of four years, $5 million to the US.
  The US, in turn, paid the Swiss and the Canadians $1 million
  each from the initial $2 million forfeiture payment.
[Those of you who are still under any delusions about the "safety"
of Swiss bank accounts, take careful note of this.]
Mr. Munroe concludes that the only reason that the bank got off
this "lightly" was because of substantial evidence that it was,
by and large, a highly respectable institution and that this
instance of laundering was an aberration.
The next case cited by Mr. Munroe is that of Bank Leu. I quote
from his paper:
  In sum, a Luxembourg bank with no office in the US was charged
  and convicted of money laundering in the US on the basis of
  clearing US dollar negotiable instruments drawn on a US bank but
  deposited by non-US citizens in Luxembourg. In other words,
  acceptance of US-dollar negotiable instruments by a bank anywhere
  in the world outside of the US renders the bank susceptible
  to US criminal jurisdiction in the money laundering field.
The case boils down to this: Bank Leu wanted to expand its private
banking business, and hired an officer to market accounts in
South America. Two related accounts were opened, and over a one-
year period $2.3 million in cashier's checks, all below $10K,
were deposited in the two accounts.
Although no guilty knowledge could be shown, this case was pursued
and won on a theory of "willful blindness", that is, the bank "should
have known" that the transactions had no valid business purpose
and were inherently suspicious (came via Columbia, were sometimes
more than 6 months old, all in small amounts, etc.). According to a
LEA representative at the conference, there was a lot of joking in
the backoffice at Bank Leu about the money being dirty, and clerks
were repeatedly told "don't worry, it's ok" by bank officers.
Certainly if this is true, it amounts to _extremely_ willful
blindness, but this case still represents an amazingly long reach
for US laws.
[more to come... "Things bad people do with money"]

@_date: 1995-10-11 15:09:10
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: regulation of money transmitters 
I just had a very pleasant conversation with the California
State Banking Department; they are sending me copies of the
relevant laws, and applications for the necessary licenses
to sell negotiable instruments and transmit money overseas.
I spoke with an examiner and she didn't seem to think there was
anything special about them being _digital_ negotiable
Apparently it involves a $5,000 non-refundable application fee,
background investigations, examination of the soundness of the
corporation, and the posting of a bond proportional to the
anticipated volume (updated if volume is larger.) All very
Those who might be intereted in actually doing something with
this information should contact Alicia Adoc at (415) 263 8549,
or the banking department in the applicable state.

@_date: 1995-10-11 17:11:06
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Banque des Cypherpunks 
I need to make the legal situation plainer:
This is an all or nothing situation. Dirty money is dirty money.
If the host government(s) decide that your institution was willfully
blind to the transmission of dirty money, they can seize substitute
assets. I'm not saying _should_, I'm not saying that there aren't
fairer ways, but any and all assets in "cooperating" countries _will_
become fair game if the government decides you've let your institution
be used for money laundering.
This property may be transitive -- if another institution knows or should
have known that your institution knows or should have known that the
money was dirty, _they_ may find their assets in cooperating countries
seized. Furthermore, as I mentioned in Part the Second, countries are
blatantly paid off for cooperating. In fact, Munroe mentioned after his
talk that the Swiss are among the very quickest to freeze assets, although
they are very slow to unfreeze them....
I'm not saying there aren't clever ways around this -- it's an arms
race, and one that bankers, regulators and LEAs perceive themselves to
be losing. Nevertheless, I don't think that anyone, regardless of their
intentions, should get involved in international money transmission
unless they are fully aware of the tools and techniques that may be
brought to bear against them.

@_date: 1995-10-11 17:31:05
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
As I pointed out to Ian on Sunday, this is a very old,
very well-known bug. As I also pointed out, it is a well-
understood fact about Internet security as it stands today
that if you can't trust the people on your subnet, you're
screwed. I also mentioned the facts that have been mentioned
by others on this list (firewalls, most home users don't use
NFS, etc.)
It is profoundly irritating to find this splashed on the
front page of the NYT, contributing to the FUD that
largely benefits luddites like First Virtual and
those, like MS$, pushing for a return to proprietary networks.
(One quote from FV marketing director Pierre Wolfe at the ML
conference I recently attended, "The Internet may end up
as a ghetto, where people are afraid to engage in commercial
Furthermore, neither the original post or the NYT article
place any blame on the role of government regulation or
greedy patent-holders in disrupting the formation of protocols
based on strong cryptography, which are two of the major culprits
in this matter.

@_date: 1995-10-11 18:55:19
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Check by phone (revisited) 
There are a variety of these new "check by phone" operations
advertising on the Internet; I decided to check some of them
out this afternoon.
Most of them seem to use the same breathless prose immortalized
in "Make Money Fast", along with generous use of the Netscape
"blink" attribute, which immediately sent alarm bells ringing,
especially when coupled with referral programs that border on
a pyramid scheme. Furthermore, it's clear that these operations
are highly vulnerable to fraud and abuse, as was mentioned in a
thread on the list a few weeks back.
Quoting from TELEPHONE CHECKS (PAPER DRAFTS) ARE COMPLETELY LEGAL!
Paper drafts are established as a legal method of payment as provided
in the Uniform Commercial Code, Title 1, Section 1-201 [39] and Title 3,
Sections 3-104, 3-401, and 3-403; Code of Federal Regulations, Title 12
Chapter II, Part 210; and Regulation J, Federal Reserve Bank, Part 2,
Sections 4A-201 to 4A-212. Only verbal agreement is required for
authorization. Also see Romani v Harris, 255 Md 389.
Any lawyers feel like checking this stuff out? (I've got
the UCC at home, but not the rest of the materials.)
When I called the phone number given at:
 I got a guy who
was obviously at home, "watching the ball game"; he was quite
pushy and focused on the system of "referrals" for people who
sign up. Among other things, he had never heard of an ACH debit
and was therefore unable to compare the conflict resolution
processes for the two methods. (ACH debits are what your health
club uses to deduct fees from your checking account each month --
the transactions are reversible solely on the customer's say-so.)
The folks at  seem
a bit more professional. They admit in e-mail that there is a security
problem here (no kidding), especially wrt sending routing and
account information over the Internet. I enclose our correspondence
at the end of this posting, for your reading enjoyment.
It seems plain from the nature of the folks who are offering these
check printing services that they are not regulated or licensed.
Also, it seems that these services are really just preparing the
drafts, any liability for submitting bogus drafts rests on the merchant
into whose account the drafts are deposited.
Question: has anyone seen more legitimate folks offering this type
of service? Also, it seems that for the fees that these folks are
charging, it would be worth it for a merchant to do this in-house.
When this topic came up before, I recall people mentioning sources
of magnetic ink and check paper; is this stuff really widely available?
Another puzzling factor is that all the services seem to base the
fees on the amount of the transaction, when, as near as I can tell,
the check printer has no exposure, and costs are in no way proportional
to transaction size (basically they're collecting data and running
a laser printer.) Proably due to their positioning themselves wrt
credit card companies.
Joe-Bob sez: Check it out.
X-Sender: msumsion
Thanks for the inquiry.  Before I answer your questions, I would like to
make you aware that we are in the process of building a completely new,
completely secure system using this same check-draft service.  It will be
arriving within the next couple of weeks.  This new system will allow online
customers to make purchases, using their checking account, without the need
to transmit their account information over the Internet.
On to your questions:
Many bankers have not heard of the system, although it has been in use now
for over 3 years.  We get calls from bankers on a regular basis who are
curious about the service.  After explaining it to them, they are generally
very supportive.  As far as the legalities, it is perfectly legal to print a
draft, drawn on a customer's account, with the authorization of the
customer.  In fact, the legal basis for this is printed on the bottom of
each of our drafts.
Yes, this is possible.  We have never run into this situation, however.  We
are not stating that this system is any more secure (with the current
system) than credit cards.  What we WILL say is that this system is as safe
as walking into any store and handing the clerk one of your checks.  (The
new system will eliminate the need to transmit this information.)
Since there is no standard or regulation regarding this in the banking
industry, this differs from bank to bank.  Some banks will allow you to go
back as far as two years to dispute a check.  Others will only go back 30-60
days from the date of receipt.
I hope that I've been able to answer completely.  If you would like to speak
with someone about specific processes, please give Allen a call at 801.298.1212.
Michael Sumsion
    _/_/_/ _/_/_/ _/_/   _/      _/_/_/ _/  _/ _/_/_/ _/_/_/ _/  _/ TM
   _/  _/ _/     _/  _/ _/      _/     _/  _/ _/     _/     _/ _/
  _/_/   _/_/   _/  _/ _/ _/_/ _/     _/_/_/ _/_/   _/     _/_/
 _/ _/  _/     _/  _/ _/      _/     _/  _/ _/     _/     _/ _/
_/  _/ _/_/_/ _/_/   _/      _/_/_/ _/  _/ _/_/_/ _/_/_/ _/  _/
 Internet Commerce Solutions - (800) 607-2001 Fax (801) 298-9789
email: msumsion Referral Program:

@_date: 1995-10-12 12:00:07
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Cylink license fees 
I just received a very informative package of information
from Bob Fougner which, in addition to a copy
of the relevant patents and hardcopy of the materials
available on their web page, contains a "limited time offer" to
license their patents in one of three ways:
  1) Practice of DH Key exchange & DSS:     $50,000
  2) Right to use & distribute RSA:         $62,500
  3) Ulimited field of use to practice
     public key:                            $75,000
Those interested in obtaining this information should
probably fax him at  408-735-6642 with a request for
the info. Much of the information is available online
at: Obviously, anyone wishing to practice RSA would also
need to get a license from RSADSI.
Also, it is my impression that are claiming Hellman-Merkle
as the precursor patent to RSA, which means that this
situation will prevail at least through late 1997, not early
1997 (when Hellman-Diffie expires.)

@_date: 1995-10-13 14:55:40
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: what are these people selling???? 
Actually, the idea for the meeting came out of a discussion
at a party that Marianne and I attended last summer. Chip
Morningstar (one of the co-founders of Electric Communities)
and I were getting heavily into Java; also, my wife and I
were starting to write a crypto package for Java (JCrypt).
Subsequently, at a focus group meeting at Sun, we discovered
that practically all of us were on cypherpunks.
It's just a happy accident that discussion about Java has hit
a crescendo here on the list. I suggested to mrm that we have
it at Sun, since the warehouse loft space in SF where we've
been meeting, charming as it is, isn't a great spot for doing
presentations and would likely have capacity problems for this
So no, this is not some great conspiracy on Sun's part to
co-opt the list. You can return to your regularly scheduled
paranoid fantasies. Thank you....

@_date: 1995-10-14 00:02:22
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla Cypherpunks Meeting 
[various comments about extraterritorial reach]
Laws that affect the behavior of citizen-units, no matter where
they go, rest on the theory of "personal jurisdiction".
Note that in addition to ITAR, the various laws on money laundering,
as well as the RICO statues, apply to US citizens wherever they
may be. Ditto for tax laws -- one of the little gems that I
learned last week was that penalties to failure to report worldwide
income are going to be substantially increased. I guess they're
not getting very good compliance for some reason...

@_date: 1995-10-14 00:16:32
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: AP on trashing/computer fraud ring 
Although I generally agree that capturing information online has
certain advantages to the criminal over going through the trash,
that certainly didn't stop this bunch.
Doug [wondering if this will affect the market for home shredders]
        ATLANTA (AP) -- Thirty people have been charged in a $10 million
fraud scheme that involved counterfeiting checks, bank statements
and credit card receipts pulled out of the trash.
        ``What we're finding is people are getting more and more clever
with what they pull out of the trash,'' U.S. Attorney Kent
Alexander said. ``This is the most clever scam I've ever seen.''
        The defendants, who defrauded people in 17 states, used checks,
bank statements, credit card receipts and other documents from
garbage bins to create counterfeit checks, false driver's licenses
and false credit reports, Alexander said.
        Investigators said software was used to rub out information on
the discarded paper. Counterfeit blank checks, printed on
high-quality color printers, were allegedly used to defraud banks
of $2 million.
        A core group of about eight people moved the operation to
Atlanta from New Jersey five years ago because they thought it
would be easy to take advantage of Southerners, the prosecutor
        Of the 30 people charged, 24 have pleaded guilty, Alexander
said. Twelve of the 24 have been sentenced to jail terms of up to
eight years and restitution of up to $218,070.

@_date: 1995-10-14 11:43:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: [URGENT] Where are we meeting today? 
Place: Sparcy's cafeteria, building 21, Sun Microsystems
               Mountain View, California
  Directions: Take 101 to Amphitheater Parkway.  Turn left
               onto Garcia, and drive about 1/2 mile and turn
               onto the first genuine side street which is
               named Marina Way.   Drive about 1/4 mile and look
               for a right hand turn onto Coast.   Building 21
               will be on your left.  It's on the corner of Coast
               and Marina Way.   There's plenty of parking there.

@_date: 1995-10-22 10:36:25
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Mondex vs. Digicash (was: Godzilla vs. Mothra) 
I disagree with Michael's assertion that Mondex will necessarily
win over Digicash. Here's why:
o The availability of Digicash in the US, for real, with spender
  anonymity, will be announced very soon; reporter activity on
  this subject is consistent with an embargoed press release for
  Monday or Tuesday. From posts to the list it's clear that a fully
  working system, ready for customers, will be announced.
o When doing market research on this subject, it became clear that
  low-value payments are largely going to be used for impulse
  purchases. If the Digicash system allows people to set up their
  accounts without getting out of their chairs (which I suspect will
  be the case, if they do it right), it will initially get more
  adopters.
o One or both systems could be found to have serious security problems;
  who knows what the outcome of their discovery & exploitation would be?
  I know at least one group of people who believe they have a good line
  on a serious security problem in Mondex.
o Even if the Mondex hardware were given away for free, think how
  much fun it is for the average user to add a new piece of hardware
  to their machines... ever install a sound card and CD-ROM drive on
  a PC? I remember reading something like 20% of all "multimedia"
  kits were returned, largely due to user install problems. If there
  is a competing method that costs the same and _doesn't_ require
  the hardware, people will tend go with this.
o In my conversations with state and federal regulators, it is clear
  that it _is_ possible to issue spender-anonymous e-cash. If you ask
  them, "Hey, can I create fully anonymous digital cash?", they go
  apeshit, but if you explain that the money uses existing (auditable)
  channels going in, and existing (auditable) channels going out, and
  that only spenders are anonymous, they relax considerably. They may
  change their minds later, but we're about to get an existence proof.
o It's not clear that _either_ system is going to win completely in
  the next 10+ years. Although there's been considerable shakeout in
  the last ten years, there is still a huge variety of non-electronic
  payment methods -- how can you be so sure that Mondex will win over
  Digicash, and that they won't co-exist like, say, money orders,
  currency and cashier's checks (three instruments with both similar
  and dissimilar attirbutes)?
Douglas Barnes
Electric Communities

@_date: 1995-10-23 18:07:22
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Mark Twain Bank (was: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal) 
First of all, those who have looked over the MT Bank stuff all
know that they are clearly off to a very shaky start. I know of
three guys that could have done a _much_ more professional job,
almost a year ago. Unfortunately we were rejected by Chaum as
insufficiently respectable. So now we get a service that is
lame, confusing and expensive -- at least at the bank end.
Chaum apparently continues to suffer from the belief that he
needs a real bank to issue e-cash. Well, MT Bank is a real bank,
but they have managed to violate at least one major Federal Reserve
requirement (accounts in the ECash mint are clearly demand deposit
accounts -- it would have been trivial to define them differently
but somebody apparently wasn't thinking.) A technically-oriented NBFI
could have done a much better job, without a lot of the "real bank"
baggage, such as minimum deposits ($250, not $2,500, but still
pretty steep for someone wanting to spend $.10 on something.) My
understanding is that the _bank account_ is FDIC insured, but not
the ECash. I could be wrong -- their materials are extremely confusing
and hard to follow.
As one of my co-workers said today, "It will be interesting to sit
back and watch them take regulatory mortar fire." Indeed.
I'm really hoping that they pull their act together -- I've already
sent in my account application -- but things look really grim at
the moment. There are certainly a lot of projects list members are
working on that would be greatly enhanced by functioning, popular
e-cash. I encourage everyone to give them lots of helpful feedback
so that they can turn this around.
On another note, I'm hoping that some of you will also bite the
bullet, get accounts, and join me attempting to win valuable
prizes in Sameer's "Hack Digicash" promotion. I'd rather see one
of us find holes in this than see the whole thing melt into the
This extremely unprofessional, bungled launch does, I admit, make
Mondex (with scads of beautiful marketing literature) look better all
the time, although based on some conversations on Sunday, it appears
that they may have _extremely serious_ architectural security problems.
We'll see how things play out.

@_date: 1995-10-24 09:15:29
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Mark Twain Bank 
They STILL haven't fixed that? I complained about it to Trotter
on Sunday night. It looks a lot like the marktwain.com doman is run
by SPS Productions, and that MTB doesn't have direct control over
something as simple as adding a mail alias.
FWIW, I have heard some nice things about MTB _as a bank_, but they
not only seem technically clueless, they seem to have made a very
poor choice in outsourcing the technical aspects of this job. They
also appear to have _no clue whatsoever_ about how to market this
service. When three reasonably intelligent people can obtain three
_completely different_ ideas of how the MTB e-cash accounts are set
up, they're in a world of hurt, 'cause most people aren't even going
to take the time.  Aaaargh!
Also,  is the home page for this SPS Productions
outfit...  these are apparently the ones responsible for the
look of their web page (at first I thought that MTB had interpreted
the request to "fix their web page" as a request to "tart it up",
but it turned out to be the page for these other folks.) They appear
to be located in Wisconsin, of all places.
Also, an outfit called "MIDS.com" (M&I Data Services) seem to be
involved in this. Another outfit from Wisconsin. Weird. (Time to
look at a map and see where Wisconsin is wrt MO. I think they're
both in the middle. :-) I may be guilty of a bit of crass regionalism,
but Wisconsin is not a place I associate strongly with either
outstanding graphical design or with Internet savvy. Mostly I think
of cheese...  and certainly these folks turn out some cheezy web pages.
Also, I think any organization that thinks "WorldWide Wizdom (tm)"
is an appropriate name for a financial advice column needs to have a
marketing department transplant. And they should really lose that
ghastly black background. It makes the page look like a velvet
(heavy sigh)

@_date: 1995-10-25 15:37:04
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Mark Twain Bank [good news] 
Also note that, per a conversation w/Frank Trotter, there are
no minimum balances for those wanting to just establish ECash
accounts. There is also no significant operational difference
between merchant and customer accounts (it's mostly a matter
of fees.) Individuals can set up shops w/personal accounts.
Frank seems to think that he posted an announcement to this
effect to cypherpunks in the middle of the night last night. I
suspect he was tired.
(I'm apparently account number 10; the software should be put
 up for download by Marcel either tonight or tomorrow. He's
 apparently playing squash.)

@_date: 1995-11-22 19:08:07
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: ecash protocol: Part 1 
This is exactly backwards. Also, it is entirely possible that they
have structured the protocol to make sure that both sides have to
practice some element of Digicash intellectual property. What I
said was "it is possible to create an anonymous digital cash system
where the bank does not infringe and the client can optionally
infringe or not infringe (sacrificing anonymity)."
(See:

@_date: 1995-12-04 17:25:55
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: NSA Frisbee [EXTREMELY FRIVOLOUS] 
Mike Bakkes, who is on the EC board, recently brought in
an NSA flying disk. A .gif of it is available at:
We are currently looking for a source of these; we will
be calling the number listed on the disk itself tomorrow
during normal office hours in MD.

@_date: 1995-12-07 15:59:41
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: More FUD from First Virtual 
It is important to remember that Nat Borenstein is a principal
in a company that very much does not want to see anonymous e-cash
succeed. Their extremely backwards technology cannot compete in
the long term with cryptography-based methods, and therefore they
are compelled to run around the country and on the Internet, bad-
mouthing cryptography and anonymity at every turn, while pointing
to some charity work for Phil Z. as a fig leaf to cover their
actions in this regard (sort of like Exxon building an artificial
reef and claiming to be friends of the environment.)
I have, on several occasions, refuted his "infinite liability" rant,
but it keeps on resurfacing. A few months ago, I wrote a short tech
note on why this claim doesn't hold water. I thought I might stretch
it into something longer, but other things have more urgently
grabbed my attention. It's available at:
Also, I haven't had time to confirm it, but based on conversations with
and hints from Digicash people online, I'm pretty sure they are doing
something similar to this (possibly better) that they are hoping to

@_date: 1995-12-08 11:04:24
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
[Remainder of Nat's largely inaccurate rant deleted]
NB's errors and distortions are numerous, but for the sake of brevity
and topicality I've chosen this particular misconstruction of what
I've written as an exemplar.
In my proposed approach, users don't sacrifice one iota of privacy
when redeeming expired cash. When the user reveals blinding factors
on unspent cash, the bank gives the user new (blinded) cash in
exchange. No payer-payee relationship is revealed. This is the same
wrong argument you've made before. Try reading the (very short) note;
this point is made explicitly. I have no clue what Digicash is
actually doing in this regard, but one of their engineers alluded
to something along these lines at Crypto.
It is this systematic distortion of truth by at least two representatives
of First Virtual that has lead to this (highly intermittent) "vendetta".
I try not to feed the energy creatures, but this particular creature
and his minions are literally running around the country, spewing their
lies whenever they get the chance. When they slam cryptography in the
banking community, you can be assured they don't mention their charity
work for Phil, or how they really want to see anonymous systems some day.

@_date: 1995-12-08 13:37:32
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: NSA flying disk follow-up [Extremely Frivolous] 
I spoke with Dennis Cisco at the NSA today, and he is
unwilling to sell or otherwise distribute the NSA flying
disk promotional items "except at trade shows where we
are promoting our technology transfer program." Since they
are not planning on attending any such conferences in my
area in the near future, it is unlikely I'll be able to help
any of the (numerous) people who expressed an interest in
obtaining one of these fine flying disks.
If you'd care to discuss this matter with Mr. Cisco yourself,
he can be reached at: (301) 688 0701. Note that this is in
Maryland. Also, the (301) 688 0606 number listed on the frisbee
seems to be either always busy or not answered -- I'm assuming
it's the # for the NSA tech transfer office.
Please let me know if any of you have better luck.

@_date: 1996-01-03 23:03:19
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Why Net Censorship Doesn't Work 
I think that there is still a substantial possibility that many kinds
of expression will be marginalized and hard to access for a great many
One of my co-workers has pointed out that the need for something as
simple as a helper application for Netscape loses about 90% of his
audience. By simply making it rather more difficult for people to
chat about some things, governments can effectively push such things
out of the way of all but the most determined readers.
This is actually one of those odd Laffer-curve-like phenomena, where
as long as the expression isn't too inherently desirable, government
restrictions can be somewhat effective, but the more tightly they try to
control things, the more likely the are to lose, as there will be more
and more desirable content outside the sanctioned sphere of activity.
Consequently, I was much happier to see the "indecency" standard get
passed instead of the "harmful" standard, as the former will push far
more content into the "gray" area of the net, which will encourage
development and adoption of appropriate tools.
A quote from Star Wars (which I'm just now incorporating into my .sig)
was just echoed back to me in a letter from a chap I spoke with from
the Australian Office of Strategic Crime Assessment, as encapsulating
what he got out of a rather long chat we had when he was passing through
the Bay Area last month. Here it is:
------                                                           , ------
Douglas Barnes         "The tighter you close your fist, Governor Tarkin,
cman    the more systems will slip through your fingers."
cman                                             --Princess Leia

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:45:32
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Belgium has 'key escrow' law 
I should also point out that Belgium apparently has crypto
export laws of sufficient complexity to inspire me to look
elsewhere when attempting to purchase a hardware encryption
board from a Belgian company (uti-maco). Said company also
was under the mistaken belief that I needed a US _import_
license; my failed attempts to persuade them otherwise was
the final kicker.
------                                                             ------
Douglas Barnes         "The tighter you close your fist, Governor Tarkin,
cman    the more systems will slip through your fingers."
cman                                             --Princess Leia

@_date: 1996-01-30 17:26:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: More FUD from the Luddites at FV 
Once again, FV has decided that it is easier to spread Fear,
Uncertainty and Doubt than innovate. This is part of a continuing
pattern that has been extensively documented in previous threads
on this mailing list.
There are a great many problems with the claims that FV are
making with respect to their souped-up keyboard sniffer; here
is the one I consider to be the clincher:
If I can place any program of my design on a user's machine to
sniff credit cards, I can easily exert total control over all of
the e-mail sent or received from that machine. Since I can
do this, it is now trivially easy to circumvent the "security"
of FV e-mail confirmations.
Furthermore, to do this, all I really need is control over the
network traffic to that user's machine, which in many instances
is going to be easier than placing a program on someone's machine.
I can then set up dummy companies that my "virus" or whatever
will buy "information" from -- some of these might get detected
when user's get their bills, but this hypothetical program might
chose amounts that would disappear into the noise of actual,
legitimate purchases.
Therefore, the real moral of the story is:
DON'T PUT UNTRUSTWORTHY PROGRAMS ON YOUR HARD DISK
P.S. a good video camera in the right spot, or a telephone
tap of a major mail-order distributor could probably get you
more credit cards, faster, than the FV approach. Credit cards
are fundamentally insecure; typing your CC# into your computer is
no more dangerous than giving it to the minimum-wage clerk
at Denny's. This insecurity is factored into the business model
of the credit card companies -- end users do not pay one dime
for erroneous or fradulent charges that lack a signature along
with a card swipe or imprint.
------                                                             ------
Douglas Barnes         "The tighter you close your fist, Governor Tarkin,
cman    the more systems will slip through your fingers."
cman                                             --Princess Leia

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:14:36
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: More FUD from the Luddites at FV [pt. 2] 
People have been dealing with viruses and malicious programs
since the dawn of PCs. (Before that even, really.) This is not
news. A virus or trojan horse can do something much worse than
the (possible) inconvenience of a "bad guy" getting your credit
card number.
Whether you're a business or an individual, having, say, your
hard drive wiped clean by a virus would be several orders of
magnitude worse than the relatively minor inconvenience of
having to get unauthorized items deleted from your credit card bill.
This is just as possible as the credit card scenario FV is
painting, and PC owners have been dealing with this kind of
threat for over a decade.
Rather than focus on something as tame as credit card numbers,
let's look at what else a malicious program could do if it had
unlimited power over your PC:
  o Ransack your tax preparation files
  o Compress and transmit your financial information to your
    competitors or to Blacknet.
  o Capture the passwords and logins that you use while telecommuting
  o Use your dial-up bank-by-computer software to make unauthorized
    transfers.
  o Reformat your hard drive.
The fact is, malicious programs are a threat that has been in the
background for over a decade, and PC users with any experience to
speak of are familiar with at least the rudiments of dealing with
this class of problem. If anything, they're more familiar with this
kind of threat than more network-specific threats. (Look at the huge
sales of popular anti-virus products.)
Sure, there are clueless people out there, but the solution is to help
make them less clueless, not to stampede them in a panic, which is
apparently FV's goal here.
------                                                             ------
Douglas Barnes         "The tighter you close your fist, Governor Tarkin,
cman    the more systems will slip through your fingers."
cman                                             --Princess Leia

@_date: 1996-01-31 06:16:58
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: why no FV defenders 
[in response to Ted Anderson , who wondered
 why cypherpunks are so unanimous in denouncing FV, when we are
 usually at each other's throats.]
Most of the pile-on can be attributed to the fact that FV does
_not_ really see encryption as part of the solution. Other than bits
of lip service here and there in technical groups, they actively
denounce it when they don't think anyone who knows better is
watching (I've seen it with my own eyes at banking conferences,
Their extremely supercilious attitude doesn't help either.
The fact that their commerce model is skewed towards long-settlement,
non-anonymous transactions of extremely soft goods makes them
unsympathetic -- although, say, the Digicash people are just as
condescending and certainly _more_ difficult to deal with on a
business level, they have a product that is more applicable to
transactions cypherpunks are generally concerned with, so they
get pile-ons that are maybe half this size, and usually have some
Also, clearly, Digicash and other vendors are involved in producing
cryptographic products, whereas FV is actively involved in spreading
FUD about the abilities of crypto products in general... this
is sort of like advocating cat torture on rec.pets.cats and expressing
amazement at the negative response.
This is not to say that there isn't a problem with the current
state of operating systems, especially PC operating systems, or
to say that crypto is magic dust you can sprinkle & make things
secure but I think there's a general belief here that the ultimate
solution to these problems has a substantial role for cryptography,
and that cryptography can be used even today to reduce risk to
acceptable levels in consumer financial transactions. FV does _not_
believe either of these things, although I'm sure NB will pay some
lip-services on the "eventually" score.
------                                                             ------
Douglas Barnes         "The tighter you close your fist, Governor Tarkin,
cman    the more systems will slip through your fingers."
cman                                             --Princess Leia
