
@_date: 1993-09-17 10:35:10
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: New info on Austin subpoena 
I spoke just now with Maria Nekam, the owner of Austin Code Works. She is doing fine, has complied with the request for documents, and believes that
her company has nothing to hide. She believes that they have taken all
reasonable precautions to prevent the export of the DES materials.
Interestingly enough, she had been contacted by the NSA a couple of weeks
ago, and informed of the restrictions on exporting DES, although she was
already complying with these restrictions.
I asked if there was anything that the various organizations could do to help; she feels that the situation is under control.
When asked about her opinion of the DES export restrictions, she declined
to comment, saying that her company was just a small player and she didn't
want to get involved. I told her about the crypto conference we are having (coincidentally?) on
the same day as the hearing. Since her presence is not required at the
hearing, she will try to attend.
As I was writing the above, my phone call to Theodore R. Siggins, the
customs agent mentioned in the subpoena was returned. We spoke briefly;
he was friendly but felt "it would be inappropriate for me to comment on any matters concerning the grand jury." When I asked him if this was part
of an overall crackdown on cryptography export, he referred me to the special agent in charge, Leonard Lindheim, (202) 229-4561.

@_date: 1993-10-05 16:39:09
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
Actually, I think you're missing Loyd's point here. Basically, we really wanted to set up an anonymous remailer here at Illuminati
Online. We encountered opposition from a certain individual on the
grounds that "anonymous posts can destroy civil conversation" and
individuals, groups and lists "should have the right to easily filter out posts from anonymous remailers."
Although this is highly debatable (and I myself am opposed to it),
it has nothing to do with inflicting moderation where none exists now, and is rather a call for a voluntary standard for
tagging of posts that have been anonymized so that they can be filtered out wholesale. (Rather than the retail filtering that
I'm sure goes on already in some quarters.)
The advantage of this is that if a group or list or individual
decides they want nothing to do with anonymous postings in general,
they need not see them. The chief disadvantage in my mind is that
it poisons the infrastructure against the strong pseudonymous entities that I think will be key to an underground digital economy.
Other defects will be left as an exercise to the reader. :-)

@_date: 1993-10-07 15:25:35
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Standard Headers for Anonymous Remailers 
I don't think that Owen (and certainly not any party to the argument
at io.com) is suggesting a high-handed Big Brother approach to qualifying
transactions. At least I hope not...
However, I think that as the means of defining data spaces (whether in
Usenet space, mailing list space, or IRC space) become more sophisticated
and also more accessible, that the people who establish these spaces
will want to also establish authentication qualifications. And whether
this will be a Good Thing or a Bad Thing depends on whether it's based
on reputation or on knee-jerk anti-anonymity bigotry.
Individuals or groups that wish to create a data space, or who currently conduct transactions in a data space, *should* have the right to establish rules for entry and transaction ranging from "anything goes" to "established members of the foo-ology research community using digital signatures." I
think that the best remedy for the tyranny and stagnation that can arise from this is to keep a very low barrier to entry for the creation of new data spaces.
Despite this, I think that discrimination solely on the basis on anonymity
is *dead wrong* and is on equivalent moral ground with discrimination on
the basis of skin color, religion or unnatural fondness for aquatic mammals.
I think it is much more useful to put the new anonymous entity on the same
ground as, say, a first semester college freshman, and allow that entity
meaningful channels for acquiring reputation, up to and including becoming
an "established member of the foo-ology research community."
Doug Barnes
Founder of foo-ology and the 'foo' mailing list
To subscribe, send e-mail to: foo-request

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:56:09
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Diffie-Helman example in g++ 
Here is a little demo using the big Integer routines from libg++
illustrating how Diffie-Hellman key exchange works. Basically,
I wanted to prove to myself that it works, and thought others might
appreciate it.
    "Integer.h"
Integer& RandBigInt(int bits);
Integer& FastExp(Integer& A, Integer& B, Integer& p);
 keysize 644
Integer p;
Integer a;
Integer XA, XB, K1, KA, KB, YA, YB, T;
char state[256];
pow(2, keysize, p);
p = p - 1;
a = 127;
initstate(time(0), state, 256);
cout << "A and B pick random numbers in the Galois field [0, p - 1]\n";
cout << "where p is (2^" << keysize << ") - 1:\n" << p << "\n";
XA = RandBigInt(keysize);
cout << "\nA picks a random secret XA: \n" << XA << "\n";
XB = RandBigInt(keysize);
cout << "\nB picks a random secret XB: \n" << XB << "\n";
YA = FastExp(a, XA, p);
YB = FastExp(a, XB, p);
cout << "\nA gives B a message YA (a^XA mod p): \n" << YA << "\n";
cout << "\nB gives A a message YB (a^XB mod p): \n" << YB << "\n";
KA = FastExp(YB, XA, p);
cout << "\nA now knows the key is (YB^XA mod p): \n" << KA << "\n";
KB = FastExp(YA, XB, p);
cout << "\nB now knows the key is (YA^XB mod p): \n" << KB << "\n";
cout << "\nComputing the key (which is a^XA^XB mod p) from (a^XA mod p) and\n"; cout << "(a^XB mod p) is equivalent to performing two discrete log calculations;\n";
cout << "the number of steps to perform discrete logs grows exponentially\n";
cout << "in proportion to the # of bits in the field. For a 'p' of 644 bits,\n";
cout << "Denning estimates 1.2 x 10^23 steps.\n";
FastExp(Integer& a, Integer& z, Integer& n)
   Integer a1, z1, two;    static Integer x;
   a1 = a;    z1 = z;
   x = 1;
   two = 2;
   while(z1 != 0)
   {
      while((z1 % 2) == 0)
      {
         div(z1, two, z1);
         a1 = (a1 * a1) % n;
      }
      z1 = z1 - 1;
      x = (x * a1) % n;
   }
   return x;
Integer& RandBigInt(int bits)
   int i;
   int randval;
   static Integer retval;
   retval = 0;
   for(i = 0; i<bits; i++)
   {
      retval |= (random()&01);
      lshift(retval, 1, retval);
   }
   return retval;

@_date: 1993-10-08 20:45:50
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Diffie-Helman example in g++ 
a is a constant, known to all (especially to both A and B).

@_date: 1993-10-09 18:30:59
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: DC-Net proposal,  comments requested 
Actually, a single collusion between two processes could isolate a single non-colluding process, if that process was "between" them on the graph. One of the hard problems with DC Nets is how to minimize
the need for trust among the members, and how to arrange for net
formation and re-formation in a way that minimizes the ability to
deliberately or systematically partition all of the processes over
a period of time as part of a "fishing expedition" to determine the
source of some perceived-noxious output from the net.
We talked about DC Nets at the Austin cypherpunks meeting, and played
the "Dining Cryptographers Game" (complete with snazzy pieces provided
by yours truly). It was fun, but folks were a little nonplussed about the degree of trust required among participants.
I've been looking at this problem as well, Tim, and it doesn't seem to me that you have to output a bit at a time. In fact, the DC net machines
should probably be operating on blocks that fit nicely into single IP
packets. Just consider the blocks to be the result of N coin tosses.
One head scratcher I've been considering is whether it would be better
to simulate a token-passing scheme, or to have comparisons broadcast
to all participants. Since in a broadcast scheme, the number of packets
per round generated is n^2, it seems prima facie that token passing would
be faster (it would certainly consume a much smaller % of the net's total
bandwidth), but actually for reasonable n, the accumulated latencies from
a few slow links could very well make the token passing slower. Also, I have thought of some ways of dealing with "slacker" processes
or folks who suddenly drop out that work better with a broadcast approach,
but there's probably a way to deal with them in the token-based scheme.
Another issue is whether or not your processes need to elect a "lead" process to handle synchronization issues and serve as an arbiter in net formation
and re-formation.

@_date: 1993-10-10 14:19:47
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? (fwd) 
I think that somehow you have acquired a rather distorted impression of
what is actually being proposed, at least here in Austin. Also, I think
you are rather underestimating the knowledge and experience of the
When Eric came out here to be a guest speaker at our EFF-Austin crypto
conference, we had been corresponding since last spring on the topic
of establishing a fully digital Credit Union. I had planned to spend
the summer working on it, but I got roped into creating Illuminati Online. Although things had been on the back burner, I had continued to
do legal and regulatory research, make contacts, visit Credit Unions and talk to their staff, etc.
Credit Unions have an interesting history and philosophy that places
them somewhere between an "outsider" movement and an "insider" movement.
They are legal (obviously), but can be started by any reasonably large group or combination of groups of like-minded individuals in a geographical area. They are non-profit, member-controlled financial institutions that nowadays are permitted to offer the same range of banking services as a "bank." Many successful ones started from extremely modest beginnings.
I get the feeling you think that we are going into this blindly or naively.
In the process of researching this project, I have consumed over forty
hours of pro-bono legal time from a local lawyer, and have spent about as long reading the relevant laws and regulations myself. I know that Eric
has certainly done even more legal research in this area than I have.
Eric's crypto research at the moment is heavily focused towards financial
transactions; I worked in banking MIS for three years. I have an offer
from the CFO of the largest CU in Austin to act as an advisor. At the moment we are beginning the process of surveying members of local
groups and employers in the high tech field to see if they are interested in being part of the field of membership of a fully digital Credit Union. We had our first Austin cypherpunks meeting yestereday, and it's clear that they will be the core of the new CU.
I don't deny that the venture faces serious obstacles (writing software, putting together a field of membership, starting operations,
etc.) Certainly it could fail, and end up on the "dustbin." I think that compared to many of the schemes that have been proposed on this list it is a good middle-ground approach. If other, similar Credit Unions are established, it would be the beginning of a national network that could pool resources for the purpose of creating or embellishing software and purchasing third-party services.
This proposal is not about "wheeling and dealing", but rather about
providing high-quality, secure banking services to average people,
delivered by a democratic, member-centered institution. This may
sound like some fantasy out of the 60's, but it's actually a extension
of a fantasy out of the 19th century that has taken root all over the Also, I would like to emphasize, while these institutions are dedicated
to the establishing of new or modified digital transactions, they are
not intended, in any way, to break the law, avoid taxes, or push what I
can't help but think of as the "Tim May .sig agenda" outside the bounds
of the law. Many of us believe in aspects of that agenda, but this is an approach to push the envelope from the legal side.

@_date: 1993-10-11 09:26:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? (fwd) 
Because of (archaic) formation regulations, *a* Credit Union is restricted
pretty much to a single, distinct geographical region, i.e. Travis County,
Texas. CUs with national field of membership are apparently allowed, but an extremely tight associative bond is required (the somewhat scattershot associative bonds we hope to use in Austin would never fly on a national There is nothing, however, to prevent multiple CUs from being created,
with similar philosophies, that share software, expertise, etc.

@_date: 1993-10-11 09:46:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
Oh really? :-)
I worked for First City National Bank in MIS for three years... I'm
sure Chase has the drop in terms of experience, but you need to realize
that these institutions are the IBMs of the financial world. How
much truly innovative tech do you see out of IBM, despite all the centuries of experience locked up in meetings? (I went to work for
them after First City, so I got to see it frist hand.)
Also, the Credit Union movement was started by amateurs in the 19th
century, and the bulk of CUs are still started by rank amateurs today,
albeit the regulators like to see some folks who have at least a
basic grasp of accounting (of which do indeed have.) I think that you are overestimating the sexiness of this project, as
did an earlier poster. It's really quite ordinary, except that rather
than being driven merely by a desire to get low-cost loans and a customer-centered approach, our field of membership gets all the digital
banking services we can legally provide.... and if a few standards
get set on the way, all the better :-).

@_date: 1993-10-11 16:29:50
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
1) It's a Credit Union, not a bank.
2) The field of membership for the individual CUs would be restricted
   to a local area.

@_date: 1993-10-12 09:56:29
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: What is a Credit Union? 
I received this very good question from one of the list readers, and
thought it might be of some interest to those following the Digital
Credit Union discussion:
Actually, they started out in Germany, where I believe they still exist.
They are one of the earliest forms of institutionalized cooperation, one
of the founding pillars of the cooperative movement of the 19th c.
Basically, they were a reaction to the big landowners and manufacturers
controlling all the financial institutions; they have their roots in
somewhat informal 'lending societies' which were groups of folks who would,
rather than put their money in banks, pool it and lend it to members of
their group. (A practice still common in Asia; even my students at various
banks there engaged in this practice, and in fact were quite discursive on
how they operated.)
Nowadays Credit Unions are sanctioned by the government; however they still retain many of their desirable features. They can be created with as few as
300 members, they (legally) require only $1,000 starting capital, they are democractically controlled by their members, they are essentially non-
competitive (old ones are often glad to help a new one get started), and they
already operate as a national network to combine buying power for many
third-party transaction processing services.
Generally, Credit Unions are able to provide credit at rates lower than
banks, and have generally had a much more customer-focused approach than
traditional banks, although many large banks are catching on to this and
have maintained parity on some of the technical innovations; it's hard though to duplicate the lending ecnonomies and general coziness of a bank that is owned by its members, all of whom either know each other or share a common bond.
Also, to be a federally sanctioned CU, you have to have deposit insurance; the most common provider of CU insurance is the National Credit Union Asssociation, which also devotes a large part of its resources to assisting
new or troubled Credit Unions. So, if for some odd reason I forget round fractional cents in transactions, I can pick up the phone and ask.

@_date: 1993-10-14 01:16:52
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Dining Sternlight Net 
The Dining Sternlight Net
To create a system of communication among N parties that features sender and recipient untraceability, while frivolously expending Usenet bandwidth.
Protocol (Net formation):
Participants all generate and save Int(N + (N * .2)) * 1024 random bits, which are encrypted using the PGP public key of the person whose Ordering
Value places them immediately before theirs, except for the participant
with the lowest Ordering Value, who encrypts with the PGP key of the
participant with the highest Ordering Value.  The encrypted block is
posted to alt.fan.david-sternlight with Post Type: "Pass Left"
Participants now build the "Difference Block" from their saved random
bits and the random bits they retrieve from the newsgroup encrypted with
their public key. The block is initially constructed by XOR of the
saved bits with the bits retrieved in the "Pass Left" posting. The Difference Block is to be viewed as a collection of 1K sub-blocks. Participants will randomly choose one of the blocks to attempt to transmit their message, by XOR of their message with the bits of the
selected sub-block. The resulting block is posted to the newsgroup
with Post Type: "Difference".
After retrieving all of the posted Difference Blocks, anyone can
XOR the blocks together and view the "Result Block". Moderator will
post official results with Post Type "Results", which will be conveniently separated into separate messages.
If the 1k sub-block selected by a participant does not yield their
original message in the Result Block they have suffered a collision.
All participants who collide should not overlay a message in the following round. After observing the following round, participants
who have collided select randomly from the empty blocks of that round,
and attempt to send again.
Wash, Rinse, Repeat.
Additional Aspects:
The letter K, the number 2^644 - 1, and the Austin Cryptographer's The ACW wishes to thank Katz's Deli for providing the caffeine and
bagels which made this project possible.

@_date: 1993-10-18 09:27:15
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: PSEUDOSPOOFING (lions and tigers and bears, oh my!) 
It was one of the main reasons *I* signed up... we were working on
a TV show about cyberspace, and Paco Nathan explained public key
encryption, digital money, and nyms with reputations in his inimitably
cheerful and energetic fashion for our cameras.
The part he was most excited about (a part that still fascinates
me no end) is the possibility of spawning new identities that
can acquire reputations, property, prestige, ignominity, whatever,
without the need to appeal to a government bureaucracy for validation.
Furthermore, the whole notion that there is some kind of implied contract when you join a free mailing list completely absurd, second only to your notion that we are all pushing for the same political agenda (or should
be) because we put our names in the same hat at toad.com. It just ain't so,
and no amount of wishing will make it so.
And, to cap it all off, I have had more external validation of the physical existence of the key members of *this* data space than any other international data space I participate in; in addition to numerous pictures, I've met a number of the folks, who have, in turn,
met a number of the folks... cypherpunks is one of the meetingest
mailing lists I've ever seen or heard of.
PS: the show never got edited, because Steve and I decided to set up io.com.

@_date: 1993-10-18 19:22:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Introducing digital cash in a MOO, Metaverse 
Note that while we are technically 'open for business', we are the first
ones to admit we have a ways to go before we are 100% ready for prime
This will change as better tools emerge. This is the plan.
The interest is considerably more than vague; we're hesitant to commit
to it or hype it while we're sorting out more fundamental issues. Imagine that... :-)
We will (obvoiusly) be working very closely with the attempt to set up
the Digital Credit Unions, and will (obviously) be one of the first vendors to be able to process electronic checks written in the MOO etc.
Certainly various kinds of anonymous 'tokens' will be available as well, which could become a medium of exchange (although it is unclear at present whether these will be redeemable for cash).
Most of these things have been in the plan from the beginning; things
will be announced as they happen, and hopefully not too much before.

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:02:48
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: backing 
Actually, there is still an element of trust involved, that (as a
previous poster pointed out) the entity who actually holds your gold
won't run off with the gold, or give it to someone else, etc. Still
(in the best of all worlds) rather have more solidly-backed currency, but you still have to trust someone at some point. I'd rather have
US dollars than gold-backed currency from an even less trustworthy gov't.
The important freedom is being able to choose whom and what you trust,
without having to slide into a pure barter economy.
Also note that I can draw numerous (albeit somewhat outlandish) scenaria involving the depreciation of gold; while it's very, very unlikely, it
might pay to be at least moderately diversified. Note what happened to the value of gold and silver in the 16th c.

@_date: 1993-10-22 12:08:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: 700 Club etc. 
Now if someone just mentions 'Hitler' we've covered all the bases...
(oops, I guess I just did.)

@_date: 1993-10-25 15:53:21
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
There are several severe limitations to how big of a movement this
could really be: 1) Let's say, just for instance, that all computer programmers in Europe
   and the US switch places, and become Permanent Tourists. Do you think
   that anyone would notice? Do you think there might be some sort of    action taken at the national government level? Would it be effective?
2) Even in this highly select hypothetical group, I would say that the
   vast majority still don't even grasp or have access to the basic
   technology for using even the most simple net tools. Even if we
   eliminated all of the COBOL programmers, we'd still be looking at a    tough row to hoe. 3) One of the persistent problems in solving unemployment problems in
   both the US and Europe is that folks JUST WON'T MOVE. This is more
   true in Europe than the US, but we can look at numerous examples where
   the need for particular skills (or any skills at all) will evaporate
   in one part of the country while there are shortages elsewhere. Some
   people will have sufficient gumption to load up the U-Haul and beat
   it, but most will hang around, going on welfare and engaging in    cargo-cult-like behavior waiting for jobs to appear from the sky.
   Most Americans are hidebound, closed-minded people who couldn't even
   find the US on an unlabelled map, much less MOVE to another COUNTRY.
4) The inability of most of our fellow citizens to process text and
   numbers is staggering; it's not clear by any means that they're    ready for jobs in their same CITY where they live, if it involves
   any significant reading or writing skills. How are these people going
   to fare in your scenario? Remeber, they're still citizens of an
   alleged democracy and thus have their collective finger on one of the
   largest coercive apparati in the world.
5) If folks don't move, but try to get cute with where their income
   is coming from, they will almost certainly be persecuted by the IRS,
   independent of current law, if their numbers become significant. This
   is probably true even if foreign nationals are involved, especially
   if they pose any significant load on government services. Imagine
   the resentment of, say, a local rancher, tied to physical and taxable
   goods: "Awww, he's onenna them computer-head tax evaders, think he's
   so smart. I'm a-gonna point out him out to the tax boys, and they'll    fix him but good."
It wouldn't take too many "examples" to force whatever tax regime the IRS
felt was necessary. The majority of taxpayers in this country are *not*
going to be to be PTs for a long, long time, or are employed in professions where it simply won't work (teaching, day-care, nursing, car repair, food service, plumbing, construction, agricultural labor,
physical plant maintenance, transportation and delivery, product assembly,
live entertainment, etc., and, of course, the government itself). I think that individuals like you, and the others on this list, may slowly leak out of the US economy over the next ten years, but it will
probably pass largely unnoticed; if it gains enough momentum, someone *will* notice and take steps to make it sufficiently chancy that most
folks will cough up some or all of the required taxes. The vast majority of folks, even the high-tech industry, are unwilling
to do anything that would take them out of their cozy home towns or suburban enclaves, force them to ship the enormous quantities of material crud that they've acquired across one ocean or another, or, god forbid, run afoul of the IRS.

@_date: 1993-10-26 15:07:47
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
Basically, Duncan, I agree with you as to the *desirability* of the
outcome you describe, I'm just not as sure of its feasability.
Re: Cheating in place
Yes, folks cheat on their taxes, especially self-employed ones. But
this is widely resented, and brings cries from the vast majority to
sock it to those who fail to comply. Look at the blase acceptance
by the populace of the draconian measures taken in the War on Drugs.
Will similar measures be condoned in the War on Electronic Tax Cheats?
We've seen how little is required for a chilling effect to take place
vis-a-vis PGP, and how it's undercut its acceptance as a standard; if
the FIDO-net folks can't be persuaded to take PGP messages, how are
you going to persuade a substantial fraction of information workers to
face much more serious criminal penalties? You're much more likely to
end up with a sub-critical mass of folks who are periodically victimized
by no-knock raids, property confiscation, etc.
Re: Moving to cheat
Certainly at present information entrepreneurs can slip through the tax laws as they apply to the notion of residence in a foreign country. It's fun, it's legal, and I've done it; I don't see it ever becoming a big trend for all but one or two percent of the population. Maybe big
enough to get some governments to collude on grabbing folks and making them cough up taxes, maybe not.
Will information technology bring down the government? I'd like to think so, but I don't see it happening in the next 10-20 years. I'm actually more
concerned that, misused, it could re-empower the government to stick its nose in places where it doesn't belong.
(Note: I use the word 'cheat' despite the fact that I take an extremely
dim view of most government activites and taxes, simply because that's
how it's going to be reported in the media if it ever becomes significant.
It's how the hypothetical 'man on the street' who, say, fixes appliances
for a living and has only the vaguest notion of your underlying philosophy,
will view your activities.)

@_date: 1993-10-27 01:12:36
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: blacknet international offers DOSSIERS for SALE 
Yeah? You're probably getting a cut. Heck, you could *be* blacknet :-).

@_date: 1993-10-27 09:52:41
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Net Requlation 
This is unnecessary. Hang on to that US Passport! You may want a backup
for some countries (a Canadian one is a good compliment and doesn't stretch
linguistic plausibility; just say 'eh' a lot at the end of sentences. They're real good in a number of sticky situations where one might wish to put their US passport in a blender.)
The US tax laws are quite lenient both legally and in terms of enforcement
vis-a-vis US citizens living abroad. Consult a tax specialist or attorney
for specific advice, but while living in Taiwan I knew *very* few Americans
who felt they needed to file.
The Permanent Tourist idea isn't that you keep moving around, but that you settle down in a foreign country without becoming a permanent resident there
(and subject to THEIR tax laws). You perform work that is paid for outside
of that country, and have the funds remitted into your host country. For
all intents and purposes you are a tourist drawing funds from abroad. Note that since you are, in fact, earning the money (despite your tourist
visa) in your host country, you may be violating both immigration and
tax laws in that country, but it's unlikely they'll do or say anything;
note, however, I was deported from Taiwan because I made the mistake of
working physically in a law firm there (not very common but I was turned
in by an angry ex-girlfriend).
Also note that it could well be within the scope of US legislation to remove existing protection for funds apparently earned from within the
US, particularly if they are received from US entities. This is currently
beyond the pale of cost-benefit for the IRS, because even 'hundreds of thousands' of difficult-to-enforce hard cases aren't worth the trouble.
It depends. In Europe, I've heard moderately good things about EUnet. Even
in rapidly industrializing Asia, good luck getting a phone in a reasonable
period of time. In Taiwan it took three months, cost about $800 for the setup
and the connection was poor. One of my clients was the Siemen's subsidiary
there, the government was rapidly moving to digital switches purchased from
As far as the net goes, good luck. In a great number of otherwise moderately
pleasant countries for the PT, the telecom situation is horrendous (but
often rapidly improving.) In Australia for instance, I hear tell that it is profoundly difficult in most places to get a non-government net connection. Just got a tip for one in Brisbane, but the situation remains pretty grim. In the rapidly industrializing Asian countries, if you can't lay a little guanxi or maybe a hong bao on the right folks, bag it. (Relationship or a bribe). I'm curious what the situation is in Japan these days, Mr. Woodhead?
While working with various trading companies in Asia, I learned the joy
of sleeplessnes, working to shift my schedule to match my target customers
(for a while, mostly in South America). And this was just to sell a
highly desirable *product* requiring no technical support other than a
call to the neighborhood 14-year-old (Nintendo knock-offs, if you must
Also, while working on the AIX 3.1, I recall one series of days when I was coordinating closely with a programmer in Japan; after despairing of
the phone tag, I just mapped my schedule to his so we could interact as
Again, as a former attempted PT myself, I don't disagree with the overall
desirability of Duncan's proposal, I just doubt it's going to take the
government by storm.
As I side note, I was talking to a friend of mine who just got a PhD from
the same linguistics program I was involved with (UT), and he's having
a rough time looking for work -- America and Americans, in general, are looking inward more than ever, and linguistics departments are shutting
down all over the country. I think this bodes poorly for a mass-action PT
I'm curious what the heck you're talking about here. This is probably some
Extropians thing, right?

@_date: 1993-11-08 10:28:23
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Private and Public 
Alas for the large nation-states, this is not the case. There are many small governments that don't have this notion, and in exchange for various
considerations (primarily patronizing the financial services of their
country), are more than willing to pay little or no attention to issues
of how much money one makes, or where the it came from.
The boon of secure, anonymous digital transactions is that it's not real
clear exactly *where* they happen, and if the digital money to real world
money interface takes place in one of these financial ports of convenience,
it bodes ill for the taxability of these transactions.
While I believe that it is A Good Thing, I also agree with you that the nation-states will not go down without a pretty good fight, and that this
will have the effect in the near term of limiting the extent of this practice. Others believe that existing governments are sufficiently rotten
and spent that they will just keel over under the weight of these activities;
I'm not so sure.

@_date: 1993-11-13 09:00:23
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: The Religion of the Cypherpunks 
Go away and leave us alone, Mr. Detweiler. I am losing my patience.
I use to think you had something to contribute; I used to think that it
was cool that someone from my hometown was on the list; I used to
think you were kind of funny. This stopped about the time you (quite
seriously, and in some detail) compared me to Darth Vader... I convinced
you I wasn't the "Hydra", so I was just a seducing minion.
You have become major pest, you have done more than anyone else to disrupt this list and make it next to impossible for real work to get done on it (including work that would help mitigate problems of the kind you believe your "enemies" are perpetrating on you.) You persist in baiting the less-restrained members of the list with your antaigonistic, paranoid, policial/social rants, which have accomplished nothing producive, except to sap the energy of people who would otherwise
be writing code, engaging in PR for our cause, educating one another, and
working towards a consensus or at least an honest delineation of where
we disagree as mature individuals (rather than characterizing folks as evil spawn of darkness).
Note that your postmaster, when I contacted him, made it clear that he
had instructed you to stop doing whatever it was you were doing that
was upsetting people so much. If anything, you have gotten worse; you
have turned this thing into a nonsensical, paranoid, one-man jihad against cypherpunks on a variety of *other* lists, while continuing your activities on this one.
I intend to go beyond your postmaster on the next try, to various former
classmates and old friends of mine who are computation center employees,
faculty, and administration members at CSU now.  Unless, of course, you cut this shit out and leave us alone, or at least go back on whatever medication you were taking before you went from a mildly annoying over-
eager wannabe to a full-fledged psychopath.

@_date: 1993-11-14 21:03:58
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: Key Servers 
Why don't you just do the following, which would serve everyone's interests, and would be well within the spirit of the movement:
1) Encourage the existing plan to have *all* PGP keys served.
2) Provide a service (possibly for a small fee) wherein people could    send you copies of their PGP key along with a notarized statement.
3) Sign those keys with your key, or a key you generate for this
   purpose. 4) (optionally) provide a service mapping from keys -> Real Names,
   for the ultra-paranoid.
People who share your concerns about pseudospoofing would make you
their most trusted (or only trusted) signer of keys. Presto. Those
who care, can believe only those keys signed by you are real. Those
who don't give a damn, believe what they want.

@_date: 1993-11-14 23:00:18
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Re: True Name keys 
You mention that you feel there is a conflict of interest if you
were to charge money to sign keys.
Actually, by charging money, I think you would greatly enhance
the weight that people gave to your certification, and by leading
out with a fee/service arrangement, you would be able to avoid
the kind of overload that, say, Julf has run into with penet.
If you were to get enough business, you could then just farm the
whole thing out to a local notary/clerk type who would probably
have more experience with identity documents, the work of other
notaries, etc. Another thought: offer various levels of certification, based
on the level of documentation. E.g., one level for xeroxes of
id documents (you may just want to rule this out), another level for notarized copy of driver's licence, another for notarized
copy of d.l. and birth certificate, etc. etc.

@_date: 1993-11-15 01:44:00
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: S.Boxx v. L.Detweiler 
I'd like to mention for the record that I don't give a pair of
dingo's kidneys whether S.Boxx and L.Detweiler are the same person.
Whether they are, or not, it makes no difference. I'm sure in the
twisty little passages (all different) that are LD's brain, he
could easily have some justification for posting as S.Boxx. Or
not. What's important to me is that I have associated with both a remarkably similar reputation, such that both entities have
a substantially larger than ordinary burden to overcome to convince me of anything; if either said it was raining, I would pack an umbrella *and* sunscreen.
This is how a sane person deals with the current sorry state of
authentication on the net, possibly accompanied by actual work
participating in research and coding to remedy this sorry state.

@_date: 1993-11-15 09:31:07
@_author: Douglas Barnes 
@_subject: Info on L.Detweiler 
Here's some info folks might appreciate (all numbers area code
303, unless otherwise noted):
Lance is the college of engineering subdomain.
Scott Douglas (lance sysadmin) scott 491-7954
College of Engineering Dean's Office: 491-6603 (Dr. Jorge Aunon)
Vice President, Student Affairs (discipline): 491-5312 (Keith Miser)
ACNS switchboard (Computation center) 491-5133 (Gary Edelen)
ACNS Consulting Desk 491-7276
CSU Information 491-1101
Degree Verification 491-7159
Hold off for a bit on these numbers; it's still not clear who (if anyone) is really responsibile for him now. I had a very productive talk with Gary Edelen who (like me) is not pleased that state funds are going to subsidize someone's highly disruptive, insane, quasi-religious rants; he's contacting Scott Douglas, who is apparently the administrator of record for the lance subdomain. Lawrence Detweiler was awarded a BS in Engineering Science in Spring of 1993.
LD's finger: He is no longer listed with student information or as a staff/faculty member, nor is he listed with 303 directory; there is no L. Detweiler listed in Fort Collins anymore, or in Denver/Boulder, although there is a Jeff Detweiler listed in the 1991 phone book; a call to 498-8278 got an answering machine, 491-5893 forwards to the Kater Laboratory Optical Core.
The 1-5893 number is for the Department of Anatomy, Dennis Giddings (staff member). LD apparently worked for the Kater Laboratory as an
hourly student. Rene Olson (491-6849) used to be his supervisor, but could not be reached for comment.
