
@_date: 1996-07-18 11:19:02
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Cybank breaks new ground; rejects public-key encryption 
Lyal> I hesitate to distribute the discomplied source code I used,
Lyal> asince it may get used by the unscrupulous to do trusting Cybank
Lyal> customers out of their hard earned money. Maybe, enough
Lyal> resquests will convince me otherwise.
People need to learn that the sort of snake oil that is being sold as
"secure" just won't cut it. Your concern for the customers of Cybank
is valid, however, so I propose something along these lines:
Announce, very publicly, such that every Cybanlk customer would hear
about it in time, that you have cracked their hokey little non-crypto
scheme, and that you intend to publish your work in a full-disclosure
paper to be published on Month Day, Year. I would recommend a number
of appropriate newsgroups, relevant mailing lists (individually
posted, not CC'd), and some letters to the editor of the New York
Times, San Jose Mercury News, the Wall Street Journal and other
high-readership papers. As soon as someone in the media carries it,
it'll spread like wildfire.
Further, I would recommend some guidelines about when to post the
published paper (and I would do it on a number of FTP sites as close
to simultaneous as you can.) Do it on a Monday, so there are plenty of
business days for Cybank to deal with it when the initial round of bad
guys trying the attack will strike. Do it between 1100 and 1700 ET, so
that you do it during business hours.

@_date: 1996-07-18 02:18:57
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Chancellor Group (symbol = CHAG) 
For the web-impared interested in complaining to the SEC about the
twits who keep sending us "big invenstment secrets," I submit the
following, from Seen a Potential On-Line Fraud?
Tell Us About It!
We want to hear about securities fraud appearing on-line, by telephone or in the mail. The specialists in the SEC's
Office of Investor Education and Assistance can also answer your questions or help you to try to resolve your
complaints. You can reach the SEC by calling (202) 942-7040 or by visiting our web site at  Look for our e-mail
address, which will appear shortly. You can also write to:      Securities and Exchange Commission
     Office of Investor Education & Assistance
     450 Fifth Street, N.W. Mail Stop 11-2
     Washington, D.C. 20549 If you have seen a potential on-line investment fraud, call the SEC's Internet Fraud Hotline at (202) 942-4647. To reach your state securities regulator, check our state government section, in your phone book, or call the North
American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA), Inc. at (202) 737-0900
