
@_date: 1996-08-19 04:32:32
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: THE POUCH 
Allow me to quote from your web page:
Quote "The POUCH is a secure e-mail terminal program for IBM compatible
computers. It uses a secret key phrase, advanced cryptographic
techniques and several unpublished algorithms to protect data in the
body of e-mail messages. The key phrase, which can be up to 48 bytes
long, is easily remembered and communicated. The POUCH is highly
resistant to all known forms of cryptographic attack."
Quote "We warrant that the product when delivered to you has no short cuts,
covert channels or secret solutions of any kind. No other warranty,
either expressed or implied is given."
These two statements are contradictory; an unpublished algorithm is
itself a secret solution, and a covert channel.
Why is it that software manufacturers keep popping up and spewing
nonsense? Obscurity is not security. Making the algorithm proprietary
does extremely little in making it resistant to attack. All of your
statements regarding the security of "The Pouch" are worthless, for
you have no data with which to substantiate your claims.
If it is any good, there's no way for us to know. But your marketing
of the product has every indication that it's nothing more than smoke
and mirrors. To coin a phrase, "pseudocrypto."
Please refrain from your bogus marketing techniques. This kind of
stuff, by claiming to be "real cryptography" makes real cryptographers
look bad.

@_date: 1996-08-21 04:05:18
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Securing Internet mail at the MTA level 
Recently, I've been looking into securing email at the MTA level, and
would like to get your thoughts on implementation possibilities and
related issues.
The problems that I'm trying to solve are:
    1. Host authentication
    2. Data privacy
In order for the widespread encryption to work, several things need to
    1. Phase-in of the new stuff
    2. Backward compatibility (ability to continue to work in the
       clear) for a period of years
    3. A single worldwide mechanism, defined by an RFC, and freely
       available, except, perhaps, in the case of commercial
       MTAs. (i.e., the use of RSA seems appropriate for host and
       session key management, and is free via RSAREF in the US, free
       outside of the US, but not free for commercial use. This seems
       acceptable to me.)
Two types of approaches are possible:
    1. Adding to the SMTP protocol itself, allowing for MTAs to
       identify crypto-capable peers, and then performing
       authentication and session encryption where possible.
    2. Waiting for a cryptographic transport layer network protocol
       (such as what is being proposed in draft-ietf-tls-ssh-00),
       allowing SMTP to remain untouched, and only requiring MTAs to
       add support for the new network protocol.
I like the second approach better, because it allows more problems to
be solved with one move, and it would be easier to add crypto
functionality to our common network utilities by simply making them
aware of the new transport layer protocol. The first approach would
require redefinitions of RFCs for each of the services, and lots of
redundant work.
I mentioned my interest in an SSH-capable MTA to Tatu Ylonen
, and he as also expressed interest. The word from him on
the status of the SSH Internet Draft is that a reference
implementation should be available early next month. I'm considering
using that reference implementation to add SSH capability to an MTA,
perhaps sendmail.
My questions are:
    1. Which of the two approaches seems to make the most sense to
       you?
    2. Is there another approach that could work better?
    3. Is there interest in adding SSH functionality to sendmail in
       the near future (either by the draft spec, or once the RFC has
       been published)?
Please feel free to pass this around, if you deem appropriate. I'm
interested in lots of feedback before deciding if and how to go ahead
with the project.

@_date: 1996-09-03 02:39:57
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Terrible story on crypto in InfoWorld 
There's a story covering crypto in this weeks' InfoWorld
Electric. Since it's a members-only thing, I'll include the text here,
as well as my response to it. I'm hoping that they'll take the article
down and take up my offer to provide a better replacement.
I suspect that the problem here is that someone was given a subject
and a deadline, and told to "go for it." The requisite background for
getting clued on crypto is probably significantly longer than the
amount of time allowed by the deadline. I suspect that the issue was
further clouded by the crypto-clued people she talked to during the
research speaking directly about what they're doing, without giving
any sort of analogies to make the ideas click and make sense. I hope
that my illustration of the bicycle lock serves to clear up the
In any event, we've all got a lot of work to do. I think we should
take it upon ourselves to not only talk about crypto and why it's such
a Good Thing(tm), but also to *educate* people to help them understand
what in the world we're talking about. ----------- end silly article -------------- end response ----------------------------

@_date: 1996-09-03 05:53:48
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Pseudocrypto detector is going wild (was: Re: ALPHACIPHER - An unbreakable encryption program.) 
The following message is a courtesy copy of an article
that has been posted as well.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Here we go again.
I just got done surfing the site above. Assuming that all statements
regarding the unbreakability of the cipher, the lack of applicability
of the question regarding its key size, etc., are at least based on
some degree of truth, "alphacipher" is a one-time pad. Given that
anything else is not really "unbreakable," if it's not a one-time pad,
the claims about its security are bogus.
But let's assume that it is.
In exchange for the great security of one-time pads, users of such
must be willing to tolerate their drawbacks, and there are some
significant ones.
    1 The unbreakability of the one-time pad is completely thrown out
      the window if the key is not _truly_ random. A software based
      pseudorandom number generator simply won't cut it; even the best
      PRNGs will have some degree of predicability. It is possible
      that these random keys are truly random (given point 2, below),
      but I find this to be unlikely, since the overview boasts that
      the keys are generated by a "proprietary random key set
      generator." Now, we're getting into *another* issue, and that is
      of the wisdom (or, more correctly, lack thereof) in using
      proprietary algorithms. Not only does this fail to ensure any
      higher level of security when compared to that of a well-known
      algorithm, but actually increases the liklihood that an error
      has gone undiscovered, since fewer experts have had the
      opportunity scrutinize it.
    2 The pool (or "pad") of random bits from which the keys are
      generated must be distributed ahead of time. Given this
      requirement, the "random bit pad" must be distributed with the
      program itself. In fact, the two "comm key disks" seem to be
      just this. A third "vault key" disk, used for local online
      storage, seems to be another random bit pad.
    3 Keys must stay perfectly in sync. A single bit-shift either way,
      and you're hosed. Given that there is a finite number of bits in
      the pad (as there must be, since they need to be precalculated
      and distributed with the program), that they all must stay
      perfectly in sync, and that the program appears to be marketed
      for widespread (albeit low-bandwidth) use, there must be some
      mechanism by which the encrypting program can tell the
      decrypting program how far along in the bit pad to advance
      before using them for the key. Otherwise, if I send a message to
      Alice, then I send one to Bob, Bob is going to use a different
      starting point in the pad for the key assembly than I did to
      create the message, unless he also received a copy of what I
      sent Alice, and every person before that. Giving an indication
      of the byte offset to use for decryption seems the only workable
      solution to this problem.
    4 The keysize must be exactly equal to the size of the plaintext
      to be encrypted.
    5 Bits from the pad that are used for key generation must never
      be used again. Ever. Since there are only two "comm key" disks,
      which must be the same for every distribution, you can get
      probably get somewhere between two and 10 million "random" bits
      on the disks, depending on whether you're using compression, and
      if so, what compression algorithm you're using. Let's assume
      that you've got 10 million bits on there. Since the encryption
      of one bit exhausts one bit from the pad, I can exhaust the
      entire supply by sending someone a 10MB mail message. Or two
      five MB mail messages, or 10 one MB messages. In any case, it
      doesn't take long. And as soon as I'm out, if I start over again
      at the beginning, I'm blowing the security, since I'm reusing
      keys.
    6 Anyone with access to the key pad can decrypt a message sent to
      anyone else, as long as they know the proper bit offset. Because
      of what I've described in item 3, it seems likely that I'll know
      that ahead of time. Hence, the security of the "alphacipher"
      encrypted messages decreases with each additional user that
      "alphacipher" gains.
So, it seems to me that I can break *any* message that anyone encrypts
with "alphacipher" by getting a copy of the comm key disks, figure out
how "alphacipher" calculates where in the pad to begin generating the
key, and apply the appropriate key to the encrypted message. Perhaps a
bit of additional obfuscation is occuring somewhere in there, but the
basic premise is that because of what it's trying to do, this has to
be a very poor implementation of a one-time pad, and therefore
completely vulnerable to passive attack.
(This is using the "comm key"; the "vault key" has much more
potential, since it can be unique for every user, but it can still be
exhausted very quickly, and therefore have a successful cryptanalysis
made of that data, using other means: a larger amount of data will be
necessary to reconstruct the bit pad before any messages can be
broken, but once again, after it's constructed, anything encrypted
using that bit pad can be broken. And, since it seems unlikely that
we're dealing with REAL random numbers here, this probably isn't
nearly as tough as it ought to be.)
I have absolutely no knowledge of "alphacipher" beyond what is
contained in the original posting I saw on alt.security which pointed
me to the web page (
but it seems that I've made a decent (albeit trivial) analysis of its
weakness, and at least given serious raise to your ability to make
such claims about its security.
If I'm wrong, please show me how so. If not, please do us all a favor
and quit with the advertising claims.
(All I need now is someone to threaten to sue me, and I'll maintain my
record of having lawsuit threats made against me every time I
criticize something that claims to be "strong crypto.")

@_date: 1996-09-17 04:54:26
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Snake Oil FAQ 0.4 [comments appreciated] 
The Snake Oil FAQ version 0.4 is waiting for you to look at it and
comment on
The text version follows...
--------------------------- snake-oil-faq ----------------------------
                           Snake-Oil Warning Signs
                        Encryption Software to Avoid
      $Id: snake-oil-faq.html,v 0.4 1996/09/16 13:52:26 cmcurtin Exp $
Please do not distribute this beyond the circles of cryptographic competence
yet. This is an incomplete work-in-progress. Feedback is greatly
The Snake Oil FAQ is (to be) posted monthly to cypherpunks, sci.crypt,
alt.security, comp.security, and comp.infosystems. We're targeting those who
have influence over or direct involvement in the purchasing decisions of
computer security software and equipment in the corporate and academic
worlds, as well as individual users who wish to assert their privacy through
the use of good cryptography.
All contributors' employers will no doubt disown any statements herein.
We're not speaking for anyone but ourselves, based on our own experiences,
etc., etc., etc. This is a general guideline, and as such, cannot be the
sole metric by which a security product is rated, since there can be
exceptions to any of these rules. (But if you're looking at something that
sounds familiar on several of the 'things to watch out for,' you're probably
dealing with snake oil. From time to time, a reputable and decent vendor
will produce something that is actually quite good, but will use some
braindead marketing technique, so be aware of exceptions.)
Every effort has been made to produce an accurate and useful document, but
the information contained herein is completely without warranty. If you find
any errors, or wish to otherwise contribute, please contact the document
keeper, C Matthew Curtin Good cryptography is an excellent and necessary tool for almost anyone.
However, there is a multitude of products around. Many good cryptographic
products are available, both commercial (including shareware) and free.
However, there are also some extremely bad cryptographic products (known in
the field as "Snake Oil"), which not only fail do their job of providing
security, but are based on, and add to, the many misconceptions and
misunderstandings surrounding cryptography and security.
Superficially, it is difficult for someone to distinguish the output of a
secure encryption utility from snake oil: both look garbled. The purpose of
this document is present some obvious "red flags" so that people unfamiliar
with the nuts and bolts of cryptography can use as a guideline for
determining whether they're dealing with snake oil or the Real Thing.
For a variety of reasons, this document is general in scope and does not
mention specific products or algorithms as being "good" or "Snake Oil".
When evaluating any product, be sure to understand what your needs are. For
data security products, what do you need protected? Do you want an archiver
that supports strong encryption? An E-mail client? Something that will
encrypt on-line communications? Do you want to encrypt an entire disk or
partition, or selectively some files? Do you need on-the-fly (automatic)
encryption and decryption, or are you willing to select when and which files
you want encrypted? How secure is "secure enough?" Does the data need to be
unreadable by third parties for 5 minutes? One year? 50 years? 100 years?
Different products will serve different needs, and it's rare that a product
will serve every need. (Sometimes a product won't be needed: it may be
better to use a utility to encrypt files, transmit them over a network using
standard file transfer tools, and decrypt them at the other end than to use
a separate encrypted utility in some cases.)
Some basics
The cryptography-faq (found at
ftp://rtfm.mit.edu/pub/usenet/cryptography-faq/) is a more general tutorial
of cryptography, and should also be consulted. In an effort to make this FAQ
more complete, some very basic topics are included below.
Conventional vs. Public Key Cryptography
There are two basic types of cryptosystems: symmetric (also known as
"conventional," sometimes also called "private key") and asymmetric (public
key). Symmetric ciphers require both the sender and the recipient to have
the same key. That key is applied to encrypt the data by the sender, and
again by the recipient to decrypt the data. Asymmetric ciphers are much more
flexible, from a key management perspective. Each user has a pair of keys: a
public key and a private key. The public key is shared widely, given to
everyone, while the private key is kept secret. If Alice wishes to mail Bob
some secrets, she simply gets Bob's public key, encrypts her message with
it, and sends it off to Bob. When Bob gets the message, he uses is private
key to decrypt the message.
Asymmetric cryptosystems are much slower than their symmetric counterparts.
Also, key sizes must be much larger. See the cryptography FAQ for a more
detailed discussion of the topic.
Key Sizes
Some ciphers, while currently secure against most attacks, are not
considered viable in the next few years because of relatively small keysizes
and increasing processor speeds (making a brute-force attacks feasible). The
tables below should give some general guidelines for making intelligent
decisions about the key length you need. If the key is too short, the system
will be easily broken, even if the cipher is a good one.
In [1] and [2], we're presented with some guidelines for deciding
appropriate key length. (It is important to note that this is based on the
ability to predict computing power 40, 65, and 100 years from now. Major
breakthroughs in computing power 30 years from now might render everything
on this chart kiddieplay.)
               Security Requirements for Different Information
              Type of Traffic                Lifetime   Minimum [Symmetric]
                                                             Key Length
 Tactical military information             minutes/hours     56-64 bits
 Product announcements, mergers, interest
 rates                                      days/weeks        64 bits
 Long-term business plans                      years          64 bits
 Trade secrets (e.g., recipe for
 Coca-Cola)                                   decades         112 bits
 H-bomb secrets                              >40 years        128 bits
 Identities of spies                         >50 years        128 bits
 Personal affairs                            >50 years        128 bits
 Diplomatic embarrassments                   >65 years   at least 128 bits
 U.S. Census data                            100 years   at least 128 bits
As mentioned earlier, asymmetric ciphers require significantly longer keys
to provide the same level of security as their symmetric cipher
counterparts. Here is a comparison table, again, from Applied Cryptography,
second edition.
                    Symmetric and Public-Key Lengths With
                  Similar Resistance to Brute-Force Attacks
                 Symmetric Key Length Public-key Key Length
                        56 bits             384 bits
                        64 bits             512 bits
                        80 bits             768 bits
                       112 bits             1792 bits
                       128 bits             2304 bits
Some Common Snake-Oil Warning Signs
The following are some of the "red flags" one should watch for when
examining an encryption product
   * Technobabble
     The vendor's description of the product may contain a lot of
     hard-to-follow use of technical terms to describe how the product
     works. If this appears to be confusing nonsense, it may very well be
     (even to someone familiar with the terminology). Technobabble is a good
     means of confusing a potential user and masking the fact that the
     vendor doesn't understand anything either.
     A sign of technobabble is a descrption which drops a lot of technical
     terms for how the system works without actually explaining how it
     works. Often specifically coined terms are used to describe the scheme
     which are not found in the literature.
   * New Type of Cryptography?
     Beware of any vendor who claims to have invented a "new type of
     cryptography" or a "revolutionary breakthrough". Truly "new
     break-throughs" are likely to show up in the literature, and many in
     the field are unlikely to trust them until after years of analysis, by
     which time they are not so new anymore.
     Avoid software which claims to use 'new paradigms' of computing such as
     cellular automata, neural nets, genetic algorithms, chaos theory, etc.
     Just because software uses to different method of computation doesn't
     make it more secure.
     Anything that claims to have invented a new public key cryptosystem
     without publishing the details or underlying mathematical principles is
     highly suspect. Modern cryptography, especially public key systems, is
     grounded in mathematical theory. The security is based on problems that
     are believed, if not known to be hard to solve.
     The strength of any encryption scheme is only proven by the test of
     time. New crypto is like new pharmaceuticals, not new cars.
   * Proprietary Algorithms
     Avoid software which uses "proprietary" or "secret" algorithms.
     Security through obscurity is not considered a safe means of protecting
     your data. If the vendor does not feel confident that the method used
     can withstand years of scrutiny by the academic community, then you
     should be wary of trusting it. (Note that a vendor who specializes in
     the cryptography may have a proprietary algorithm which they'll show to
     others if they sign a non-disclosure agreement. If the vendor is
     well-reputed in the field, this can be an exception.)
     Beware of specially modified versions of well-known algorithms. This
     may intentionally or unintentionally weaken the cipher.
     The use of a trusted algorithm, if not with technical notes explaining
     the implementation (if not availability of the source code for the
     product) are a sign of good faith on the part of the vendor that you
     can take apart and test the implementation yourself.
     A common excuse for not disclosing how a program works is that "hackers
     might try to crack the program's security." While this may be a valid
     concern, it should be noted that such 'hackers' can reverse engineer
     the program to see how it works anyway. If the program is implemented
     properly and the algorithm is secure, this is not a problem. (If a
     hypothetical 'hacker' was able to get access you your system, access to
     encrypted data might be the least of your problems.)
   * Experienced Security Experts and Rave Reviews
     Beware of any product claiming that "experienced security experts" have
     analyzed it, but it won't say who (especially if the scheme has not
     been published in a reputable journal).
     Don't rely on reviews in newspapers, magazines or television shows,
     since they generally don't have cryptologists (celebrity hackers who
     know about telephone systems don't count) take the software apart for
     them.
     Just because the vendor is a well known company or the algorithm is
     patented doesn't make it secure either.
   * Unbreakability
     Some vendors will claim their software is "unbreakable". This is
     marketing hype, and a common sign of snake-oil. Avoid any vendor that
     makes unrealistic claims.
     No algorithm is unbreakable. Even the best algorithms are breakable
     using "brute force" (trying every possible key), but if the key size is
     large enough, this is impractical even with vast amounts of computing
     power.
     One-time pads are unbreakable, but they must be implemented perfectly,
     which is, at best, very difficult. See the next section for a more
     detailed discussion.
   * One-Time-Pads
     A vendor might claim the system uses a one-time-pad (OTP), which is
     theoretically unbreakable. That is, snake-oil sellers will try to
     capitalize on the known strength of a OTP. It is important to
     understand that any variation in the implementation means that it is
     not an OTP, and has nowhere near the security of an OTP.
     A OTP system is not an algorithm. It works by having a "pad" of random
     bits in the possession of both the sender and recipient. The message is
     encrypted using the next n bits in the pad as they key, where n is the
     number of bits in the message. After the bits are used from the pad,
     they're destroyed, and can never again be used. The bits in the pad
     must be truly random, generated using a real random source, such as
     specialized hardware, radioactive decay timings, etc., and not from an
     algorithm or cipher. Anything else is not a one-time-pad.
     The vendor may confuse random session keys or initialization vectors
     with OTPs.
   * Algorithm or product XXX is insecure
     Be wary of anything that makes claims that particular algorithms or
     other products are insecure without backing up those claims (or at
     least citing references to them).
     Sometimes attacks are theoretical or impractical (requiring special
     circumstances or massive computing power running for many years), and
     it's easy to confuse a layman by mentioning these.
   * Keys and Passwords
     The "key" and the "password" are often not the same thing. The "key"
     generally refers to the actual data used by the cipher, while the
     "password" refers to the word or phrase the user types in, which the
     software converts into the key (usually through a process called
     "hashing" or "key initialization").
     The reason this is done is because the characters a user is likely to
     type in do not cover the full range of possible characters. (Such keys
     would be more redundant and easier for an attacker to guess.) By
     hashing a key can be made from an arbitrary password that covers the
     full range of possible keys. It also allows one to use longer words, or
     phrases and whole sentences as a "passphrase", which is more secure.
     Anything that restricts users' passwords to something like 10 or 16 or
     even 32 characters is foolish. If the actual "password" is the cipher's
     key (rather than hashing it into a key, as explained above), avoid it.
     If the vendor confuses the distinctions between bits, bytes and
     characters when discussing the key, avoid this product.
     Convenience is nice, but be wary of anything that sounds too easy to
     use. Avoid anything that lets anyone with your copy of the software to
     access files, data, etc. without having to use some sort of key or
     passphrase.
     Avoid anything that doesn't let you generate your own keys (ie, the
     vendor sends you a key in the mail, or it's embedded in the copy of the
     software you buy).
     Avoid anything by a vendor who does not seem to understand the
     difference between public-key (asymmetric) cryptography and private-key
     (symmetric) cryptography.
   * Lost keys and passwords
     If there's a third-party utility that can crack the software, avoid it.
     If the vendor claims it can recover lost passwords (without using a
     key-backup or escrow feature), avoid it.
     If there is a key-backup or escrow feature, are you in control of the
     backup, or does the vendor or someone else hold a copy of the key?
   * Exportable from the USA
     If the software is made in North America, can it be exported? If the
     answer is yes, chances are it's not very strong. Strong cryptography is
     considered munitions in terms of export from the United States, and
     requires approval from the State Department. Chances are if the
     software is exportable, the algorithm is weak or it is crackable (hence
     it was approved for export).
     If the vendor is unaware of export restrictions, avoid the software:
     the vendor is not familiar with the state of the art.
     Because of export restrictions, some legitimate (not-Snake Oil)
     products may have a freely exportable version for outside of the USA,
     which is different from a separate US/Canada-only distribution. Also
     note that just because software has made it outside of North America
     does not mean that it is exportable: sometimes a utility will be
     illegally exported and posted on an overseas site.
Other Considerations
Interface isn't everything: user-friendliness is an important factor, but if
the product isn't secure then you're better off with something that is
secure (if not as easy to use).
No product is secure if it's not used properly. You can be the weakest link
in the chain if you use a product carelessly. Do not trust any product to be
foolproof, and be wary any product that claims it is.
The following folks have contributed to this FAQ.
Jeremey Barrett Jim Ray Robert Rothenburg Walking-Owl   1. B. Schneier, Applied Cryptography, second edition, John Wiley & Sons,
     1996
  2. M. Blaze, W. Diffie, R. L. Rivest, B. Schneier, T. Shimomura, E.
     Thompson, M. Wiener, "Minimal Key Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers to
     Provide Adequate Commercial Security," available via
     ftp://ftp.research.att.com/dist/mab/keylength.ps

@_date: 1996-09-28 12:06:23
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Snake Oil FAQ 1.0 
Obviously, there's still work to be done, but that's why there are
numbers higher than 1.0, right? :-)
URL: Version: 1.0
Archive-name: cryptography-faq/snake-oil
Posting-Frequency: monthly
                           Snake-Oil Warning Signs
                        Encryption Software to Avoid
                        Copyright (c) 1996 Matt Curtin
      $Id: snake-oil-faq.html,v 1.0 1996/09/27 21:15:04 cmcurtin Exp $
Distribution of this document is unlimited. We're specifically interested in
reaching people making decisions about what sorts of crypto to use (if any
at all), both for their organizations and for themselves, especially those
who are non-experts in the field of cryptography and security. This is a
work-in-progress. Feedback is greatly appreciated.
The Snake Oil FAQ is posted monthly to cypherpunks, sci.crypt, alt.security,
comp.security, comp.answers, and comp.infosystems.
All contributors' employers will no doubt disown any statements herein.
We're not speaking for anyone but ourselves. This is a compilation things
that are common among snake oil vendors. It cannot be the sole metric by
which a security product is rated, since there can be exceptions to most (or
all?) of these rules. (But if you're looking at something that sounds
familiar on several of the 'things to watch out for,' you're probably
dealing with snake oil. From time to time, a reputable and decent vendor
will produce something that is actually quite good, but will use some
braindead marketing technique, so be aware that exceptions to general rules
can exist.)
Every effort has been made to produce an accurate and useful document, but
the information contained herein is completely without warranty. If you find
any errors, or wish to otherwise contribute, please contact the document
keeper, Matt Curtin With the rise in the number of crypto products becoming available came a
rise in the amount of ineffective or outright bogus products. After some
discussion about this on the cypherpunks list, Robert Rothenburg
 wrote the first iteration of the Snake Oil FAQ. Matt
Curtin took the early text and munged it into its current state with the
help of the listed contributors (and probably some others whose names have
inadvertently missed. Sorry in advance, if this is the case.)
This really isn't much of a "FAQ" in the sense that one generally expects to
see them: in a question and answer format. Perhaps it will be rewritten as
such in the future, but currently, it is more traditionally-formatted paper
that covers many topics that are the subject of frequently asked questions.
Good cryptography is an excellent and necessary tool for almost anyone.
However, there is a multitude of products around. Many good cryptographic
products are available, both commercial (including shareware) and free.
However, there are also some extremely bad cryptographic products (known in
the field as "Snake Oil"), which not only fail do their job of providing
security, but are based on, and add to, the many misconceptions and
misunderstandings surrounding cryptography and security.
Why "snake oil?" The term is used in many fields to denote something that is
sold without consideration of its quality, or its ability to live up to
claims made by its vendor. This term originally applied to that sold in
traveling medicine shows, where the salesmen would claim their elixer would
cure just about any ailment that a potential customer could have. Listening
to some of the claims made some by modern day crypto vendors, "snake oil" is
a surprisingly apt name.
Superficially, it is difficult for someone to distinguish the output of a
secure encryption utility from snake oil: both look garbled. The purpose of
this document is to present some obvious "red flags" that people unfamiliar
with the nuts and bolts of cryptography can use as a guideline for
determining whether they're dealing with snake oil or the Real Thing.
For a variety of reasons, this document is general in scope and does not
mention specific products or algorithms as being "good" or "Snake Oil".
When evaluating any product, be sure to understand what your needs are. For
data security products, what do you need protected? Do you want an archiver
that supports strong encryption? An E-mail client? Something that will
encrypt on-line communications? Do you want to encrypt an entire disk or
partition, or selectively some files? How secure is "secure enough?" Does
the data need to be unreadable by third parties for 5 minutes? One year? 50
years? 100 years? Is the third party someone's kid sister? An individual? A
corporation? A government?
Beware of products that are designed for a specific task (such as data
archiving, for example), and add encryption in as an additional feature.
Typically, it's better to use an encryption utility for encryption, rather
than some tool designed for another purpose that adds encryption to its list
of features.
Some basics
The cryptography-faq (found at
is a more general tutorial of cryptography, and should also be consulted. In
an effort to make this FAQ more complete, some very basic topics are
included below.
Conventional vs. Public Key Cryptography
There are two basic types of cryptosystems: symmetric (also known as
"conventional," sometimes also called "secret key") and asymmetric ("public
key.") Symmetric ciphers require both the sender and the recipient to have
the same key. That key is applied to encrypt the data by the sender, and
again by the recipient to decrypt the data. The problem here is getting the
sender and recipient to share the key. Asymmetric ciphers are much more
flexible, from a key management perspective. Each user has a pair of keys: a
public key and a private key. The public key is shared widely, given to
everyone, while the private key is kept secret. If Alice wishes to mail Bob
some secrets, she simply gets (and verifies!) Bob's public key, encrypts her
message with it, and sends it off to Bob. When Bob gets the message, he uses
his private key to decrypt the message.
Secrecy vs Integrity: What are you trying to protect?
For many users of computer based crypto, preserving the contents of a
message is as important as as protecting its secrecy. Damage caused by a
modified message can often be worse than that caused by its disclosure. For
example, it may be disquieting to discover that a hacker has read the
contents of your funds transfer authorization, but it's a disaster for him
to change the transfer destination to his own account.
Encryption by itself does not protect a message from change. In fact, there
are several techniques for changing the contents of an encrypted message
without ever figuring out the encryption key. If the integrity of your
messages is important, don't just rely on secrecy to protect them. Check the
vendor's claims for an explanation of how their product protects the message
from undetected modification.
The verification of public keys is an important step. Failure to verify
Bob's public key leaves open the possibility that Alice is sending her
secrets to someone else, who simply claims to be Bob, using a key that has
Bob's name on it, but whose associated private key is in the hands of an
Asymmetric ciphers are much slower than their symmetric counterparts. Also,
key sizes must be much larger. See the cryptography FAQ for a more detailed
discussion of these topics.
Key Sizes
Some ciphers, while currently secure against most attacks, are not
considered viable in the next few years because of relatively small key
sizes and increasing processor speeds (making a brute-force attacks - trying
every possible key - feasible). The tables below should give some general
guidelines for making intelligent decisions about the key length you need.
If the key is too short, the system will be easily broken, even if the
cipher is a good one.
Having stated the above, it is important to note that a common feature of
snake oil is to have large keys. Often, the claimed key lengths are much
longer than what is practical, usually due to the vendor's confusion between
symmetric and asymmetric cipher key length requirements. (For example, a
vendor who claims to use a strong symmetric cipher with a 2048 bit key is
probably lacking some basic understanding of key length requirements, and
requisite computing power for performing various functions with the keys in
In [1] and [2], we're presented with some guidelines for deciding
appropriate key length. (It is important to note that this is based on the
ability to predict computing power 40, 65, and 100 years from now. Major
breakthroughs in computing power 30 years from now might render everything
on this chart kiddieplay. This is included so the reader will be able to get
a reasonable idea of symmetric key length requirements, and have some sort
of a guideline for determining whether the key length of the product he's
interested in even makes sense.) The following chart appears in [1].
               Security Requirements for Different Information
              Type of Traffic                Lifetime   Minimum [Symmetric]
                                                             Key Length
 Tactical military information             minutes/hours     56-64 bits
 Product announcements, mergers, interest
 rates                                      days/weeks        64 bits
 Long-term business plans                      years          64 bits
 Trade secrets (e.g., recipe for
 Coca-Cola)                                   decades         112 bits
 H-bomb secrets                              >40 years        128 bits
 Identities of spies                         >50 years        128 bits
 Personal affairs                            >50 years        128 bits
 Diplomatic embarrassments                   >65 years   at least 128 bits
 U.S. Census data                            100 years   at least 128 bits
As mentioned earlier, asymmetric ciphers require significantly longer keys
to provide the same level of security as their symmetric cipher
counterparts. Here is a comparison table, again, from [1]. (Due to
differences between symmetric and asymmetric algorithms, key length
comparisons between the two is difficult. The following is intended to give
the reader just a general idea of what is roughly comparable, in order to be
able to weed out claims of security of, for example, ciphers with 100-bit
asymmetric keys.)
                    Symmetric and Public-Key Lengths With
                 Similar Resistance to Brute-Force Attacks*
                 Symmetric Key Length Public-key Key Length
                        56 bits             384 bits
                        64 bits             512 bits
                        80 bits             768 bits
                       112 bits             1792 bits
                       128 bits             2304 bits
*These key sizes are for public key cryptosystems based on the problem of
factoring large integers, and apply to a number of ciphers based on the
discrete log problem (difficulty of taking logarithms in a finite field.) A
variation of the discrete log problem (known as Elliptic Curve Discrete
Logarithm Problem), where the cryptosystem is based on computations on
points of an elliptic curve over a finite field, for example, has been shown
to be resistant to brute-force attacks with much smaller keys than other
discrete log problem-based ciphers. Ciphers based different problems have
different key size requirements. Each type of algorithm's key size
requirements depend on the mathematical problem on which the system is
based. So, it's important to find out what algorithm (or at least
mathematical problem the algorithm uses) and key size is used. One without
the other is meaningless.
Implementation Environment
Other factors that can influence the relative security of a product are
related to its environment. For example, in software-based encryption
packages, is there any plaintext that's written to disk (perhaps in
temporary files)? What about operating systems that have the ability to swap
processes out of memory on to disk? When something to be encrypted has its
plaintext counterpart deleted, is the extent of its deletion a standard
removal of its name from the directory contents, or has it been written
over? If it's been written over, how well has it been written over? Is that
level of security an issue for you? Are you storing cryptographic keys on a
multi-user machine? The likelihood of having your keys illicitly accessed is
much higher, if so. It's important to consider such things when trying to
decide how secure something you implement is (or isn't) going to be.
Some Common Snake-Oil Warning Signs
The following are some of the "red flags" one should watch for when
examining an encryption product
   * Technobabble
     The vendor's description of the product may contain a lot of
     hard-to-follow use of technical terms to describe how the product
     works. If this appears to be confusing nonsense, it may very well be
     (even to someone familiar with the terminology). Technobabble is a good
     means of confusing a potential user and masking the fact that the
     vendor doesn't understand anything either.
     A sign of technobabble is a description which drops a lot of technical
     terms for how the system works without actually explaining how it
     works. Often specifically coined terms are used to describe the scheme
     which are not found in literature about cryptology.
     Further, if the marketing material isn't clear, what reason is there to
     believe that the instructions are any better? Even the greatest of
     products, if not used properly, can be rendered useless. If you can't
     understand what a vendor is saying, you're most likely better off
     finding something that makes more sense.
   * New Type of Cryptography?
     Beware of any vendor who claims to have invented a "new type of
     cryptography" or a "revolutionary breakthrough". Truly "new
     breakthroughs" are likely to show up in the research literature, and
     professionals in the field are typically won't trust them until after
     years of analysis, by which time they are not so new anymore.
     Avoid software which claims to use 'new paradigms' of computing such as
     cellular automata, neural nets, genetic algorithms, chaos theory, etc.
     Just because software uses a different method of computation doesn't
     make it more secure. (As a matter of fact, these techniques are the
     subject of ongoing cryptographic research and nobody has published
     successful results based on their use yet.)
     Anything whose authors claim to have invented a new public key
     cryptosystem without publishing the details or underlying mathematical
     principles is highly suspect. Modern cryptography is grounded in
     mathematical theory. The security is based on problems that are known
     (or widely believed) to be hard to solve.
     It's important to understand the difference between a new algorithm or
     cipher and a new product. Engaging in the practice of developing
     ciphers and cryptographic products is a fine thing to do. However, to
     do both, at the same time, is foolish. Many snake oil vendors brag
     about how they do this, despite the lack of wisdom in such activity.
     The strength of any encryption scheme is only proven by the test of
     time. New crypto is like new pharmaceuticals, not new cars. In some
     ways, though, it's worse: if some pharmaceutical company has some bogus
     stuff out there, people will start getting really sick. If you're using
     bogus crypto, you likely won't have any idea that your secrets aren't
     as secret as you think.
   * Secret Algorithms
     Avoid software which uses secret algorithms. Security through obscurity
     is not considered a safe means of protecting your data. If the vendor
     does not feel confident that the method used can withstand years of
     scrutiny by the academic and professional crypto community, then you
     should be wary of trusting it. (Note that a vendor who specializes in
     cryptography may have a proprietary algorithm which they'll show to
     others if they sign a non-disclosure agreement. If the vendor is
     well-reputed in the field, this can be an exception. On the other hand,
     if you don't know which vendors are and aren't reputable, you can't
     take their words for it. You're typically best off avoiding that which
     is secret.)
     Beware of specially modified versions of well-known algorithms. This
     may intentionally or unintentionally weaken the cipher.
     The use of a trusted algorithm, with technical notes explaining the
     implementation (or better yet, availability of the source code for the
     product itself) are signs that a vendor is confident about their
     product's security. You can take the implementation apart and test it
     yourself. A lock where attackers can see the internal mechanisms, and
     still not be able to break it is a strong lock, indeed.
     A common excuse for not disclosing how a program works is that "hackers
     might try to crack the program's security." While this may be a valid
     concern, it should be noted that such 'hackers' can reverse engineer
     the program to see how it works anyway. If the program is implemented
     properly and the algorithm is secure, this is not a problem. (If a
     hypothetical 'hacker' was able to get access you your system, access to
     encrypted data might be the least of your problems.)
   * Experienced Security Experts and Rave Reviews
     Beware of any product claiming that "experienced security experts" have
     analyzed it, but it won't say who (especially if the scheme has not
     been published in a reputable journal).
     Don't rely on reviews in newspapers, magazines or television shows,
     since they generally don't have cryptologists (celebrity hackers who
     know about telephone systems don't count) to take the software apart
     for them.
     Just because the vendor is a well known company or the algorithm is
     patented doesn't make it secure either.
   * Unbreakability
     Some vendors will claim their software is "unbreakable". This is
     marketing hype, and a common sign of snake-oil. Avoid any vendor that
     makes unrealistic claims. (If it sounds too good to be true, it
     probably is.)
     No algorithm is unbreakable. Even the best algorithms are breakable
     using "brute force" (trying every possible key), but if the key size is
     large enough, this is impractical even with vast amounts of computing
     power.
     One-time pads are unbreakable, but they must be implemented perfectly,
     which is, at best, very difficult. See the next section for a more
     detailed discussion.
     Some companies that claim "unbreakability" actually have serious
     reasons for saying so. Unfortunately, these reasons will generally turn
     out to depend on some narrow definition of what it means to "break"
     their security. For example, true one time pads are technically
     "unbreakable" as far as secrecy goes, but only if several difficult and
     important conditions also hold. Even then, they are trivially
     vulnerable to known plaintext attacks on the message's integrity. Other
     systems may be "unbreakable" only until one of the communicating
     devices (a laptop, for example) is stolen.
     So, be sure to find out exactly what the "unbreakable" properties of
     the system are, and decide if the more breakable portions also provide
     adequate security. Often, less experienced vendor representatives will
     roll their eyes and say, "Of course it's not unbreakable if you do
     such-and-such." The point is that the exact nature of "such and such"
     will vary from one product to another. Pick the one that matches your
     operational needs the best.
   * One-Time-Pads
     A vendor might claim the system uses a one-time-pad (OTP), which is
     theoretically unbreakable. (Technically, OTP-generated ciphertext has
     an equal chance of being each possible plaintext. For example, "598v *$
     _+~xCtMB0" has equal probabilities of decrypting to "the whole year
     in", "the hole youre in", and "you are a weenie!") Snake-oil sellers
     will try to capitalize on the known strength of an OTP. It is important
     to understand that any variation in the implementation (which is often
     done to get around the inherent key management problems of OTPs) means
     that it is not an OTP, and has nowhere near the security of an OTP.
     An OTP system is not an algorithm. It works by having a "pad" (called
     such because originally paper pads were used, before general-purpose
     computers came into being) of random bits in the possession of both the
     sender and recipient, but absolutely no one else. (The pad must be sent
     from one to the other securely, such as in a locked briefcase
     handcuffed to the carrier, and that sort of thing.) The message is
     encrypted using the next n bits in the pad as they key, where n is the
     number of bits in the message. After the bits are used from the pad,
     they're destroyed, and can never again be used. The bits in the pad
     must be truly random, generated using a real random source, such as
     specialized hardware, radioactive decay timings, etc., and not from an
     algorithm or cipher. Anything else is not a one-time-pad. Further, if
     the keys (i.e., random bit "pads") are provided by the vendor, the
     quality of these cannot be verified. How do you know that they aren't
     sending the same bits (or some trivial mutation thereof) to everyone?
     Or keeping a copy for themselves? Or selling a copy to your competitors
     or enemies?
     OTPs are highly impractical for general purpose cryptography, since the
     need for random bits is very high, and key management is so cumbersome.
     OTPs are only practical for extremely low bandwidth communication
     channels where two parties have the means to exchange pads through a
     different method from that of their messages. (It is rumored that a
     link from Washington, D.C., to Moscow was (is?) encrypted with an OTP.)
     A lesson from the VENONA project (see NSA's web site) is that OTPs are
     seriously vulnerable if a pad is ever reused. It does not take the
     resources of a government agency to crack a reused pad. Therefore, the
     real limitation to their practical use is the generation and
     distribution of truly random keys for them. You have to distribute at
     least one bit of key for every bit of data transmitted, including any
     encrypted protocol data that's sent. If you reuse your pads you run the
     risk of compromising all data sent with the reused pad.
     The vendor might (or might try to) confuse random session keys or
     initialization vectors with OTPs.
   * Algorithm or product XXX is insecure
     Be wary of anything that makes claims that particular algorithms or
     other products are insecure without backing up those claims (or at
     least citing references to them).
     Sometimes attacks are theoretical or impractical (requiring special
     circumstances or massive computing power running for many years), and
     it's easy to confuse a layman by mentioning these. These usually
     involve either trying every possible combination of bits for form keys,
     and trying every possible key until a solution is found, factoring
     large numbers, or some other cryptanalysis that's just as
     computationally intensive as one of these methods.
   * Keys and Passwords
     The "key" and the "password" are not the same thing. The "key"
     generally refers to the actual data used by the cipher, while the
     "password" refers to the word or phrase the user types in, which the
     software converts into the key (usually through a process called
     "hashing" or "key initialization").
     The reason this is done is because the characters a user is likely to
     type in do not cover the full range of possible characters. (Such keys
     would be more redundant and easier for an attacker to guess.) By
     hashing a key can be made from an arbitrary password that covers the
     full range of possible keys. It also allows one to use longer words, or
     phrases and whole sentences as a "passphrase", which is more secure.
     If the system limits the size of the key or passphrase to something
     that seems too low, it probably is. If the actual "password" is the
     cipher's key (rather than hashing it into a key, as explained above),
     avoid it.
     If the vendor confuses the distinctions between bits, bytes and
     characters when discussing the key, avoid this product.
     Convenience is nice, but be wary of anything that puts too much
     emphasis on ease of use, without due consideration to cryptographic
     strength. Avoid anything that lets anyone with your copy of the
     software to access files, data, etc. without having to use some sort of
     key or passphrase.
     Avoid anything that doesn't let you generate your own keys (ie, the
     vendor sends you a key in the mail, or it's embedded in the copy of the
     software you buy).
     Avoid anything by a vendor who does not seem to understand the
     difference between public-key (asymmetric) cryptography and secret-key
     (symmetric) cryptography.
   * Lost keys and passwords
     If the vendor (or a third party) claims it can recover lost passwords
     (without using a key-backup or escrow feature), avoid it: a flaw is
     obviously present, and used to retrieve the contents of an encrypted
     message.
     If there is a key-backup or escrow feature, are you in control of the
     backup, or does the vendor or someone else hold a copy of the key? (Is
     someone else able to recover your key as easily as you can?) Remember,
     you have no security against someone who has your key.
   * Exportable from the USA
     If the software is made in the US, can it be exported? If the answer is
     yes, chances are it's not very strong. Strong cryptography is
     considered munitions in terms of export from the United States, and
     requires approval from the State Department. Chances are if the
     software is exportable, the algorithm is weak or it is crackable (hence
     it was approved for export).
     If the vendor is unaware of export restrictions, avoid the software:
     the vendor is not familiar with the state of the art. (For example, if
     someone claims that the IDEA cipher is exportable from the US, while
     most other vendors (or the State Department!) do not make such
     assertions, they're probably lacking sufficient clue to provide you
     with strong cryptographic software.)
     Because of export restrictions, some legitimate (not-Snake Oil)
     products may have a freely exportable version for outside of the USA,
     which is different from a separate US/Canada-only distribution. (Of
     course, a freely exportable version isn't secure, since it probably
     just uses a much smaller key, one that could be easily broken.) Also
     note that just because software has made it outside of the US does not
     mean that it is exportable: sometimes a utility will be illegally
     exported and posted on an overseas site. There are no restrictions on
     importing crypto products into the US, so a foreign vendor can legally
     offer a single, secure version of a product for the entire world.
   * "Military Grade" Encryption
     Many crypto vendors claim their solution is "military grade." This is a
     term with no real meaning, since there isn't a real metric by which
     something can be judged "military grade," except for it to be actually
     used by various armed forces. Since they don't reveal what they're
     using, it's neither possible to prove nor to disprove something as
     being "military grade." Some good crypto products unfortunately also
     use this term. (Watch for this one especially in combination with other
     snake oil indicators, i.e., "our military grade encryption system is
     exportable from the US!")
Other Considerations
Interface isn't everything: user-friendliness is an important factor, but if
the product isn't secure then you're better off with something that is
secure (if not as easy to use).
No product is secure if it's not used properly. You can be the weakest link
in the chain if you use a product carelessly. Do not trust any product to be
foolproof, and be wary of any product that claims it is.
 algorithm       A procedure or mathematical formula. Cryptographic
                 algorithms convert plaintext to and from ciphertext.
 cipher          Synonym for "cryptographic algorithm"
 cryptanalysis   To solve or "break" a cryptosystem.
 escrow          A third party able to decrypt messages sent from one
                 person to another. Although this term is often used in
                 connection with the US Government's "Clipper" proposals,
                 it isn't limited to government-mandated ability to access
                 encrypted information at will. Some corporations might
                 wish to have their employees use cryptosystems with escrow
                 features when conducting the company's business, so the
                 information can be retrieved should the employee be unable
                 to unlock it himself later, (if he were to forget his
                 passphrase, suddenly quit, get run over by a bus, etc.)
                 Or, someone might wish his spouse or lawyer to be able to
                 recover encrypted data, etc., in which case he could use a
                 cryptosystem with an escrow feature.
 initialization  One of the problems with encrypting such things as files
 vector          in specific formats (i.e., that of a word processor,
                 email, etc.) is that there is a high degree of
                 predictability about the first bytes of the message. This
                 could be used to break the encrypted message easier than
                 by brute force. In ciphers where one block of data is used
                 to influence the ciphertext of the next (such as CBC), a
                 random block of data is encrypted and used as the first
                 block of the encrypted message, resulting in a less
                 predictable ciphertext message. This random block is known
                 as the initialization vector. The decryption process also
                 performs the function of removing the first block,
                 resulting in the original plaintext.
 ITAR            International Traffic in Arms Regulations. These are the
                 rules by which munitions (including cryptography), as
                 defined by the US State Department, may (or may not) be
                 exported from the US.
 key             A piece of data that, when fed to an algorithm along with
                 ciphertext, will yield plaintext. (Or, when fed to an
                 algorithm along with plaintext, will yield ciphertext.
 random session  This is a temporary key that is generated specifically for
 key             one message. Typically, in public key cryptosystems, the
                 message to be sent is encrypted with a symmetric key that
                 was specifically generated for that message. The encrypted
                 version of that message, as well as the associated session
                 key can then be encrypted with the recipient's public key.
                 When the recipient decrypts the message, then, the system
                 will actually decrypt the message it gets (which is the
                 ciphertext message and the symmetric key to decrypt it),
                 and then use the symmetric key to decrypt the ciphertext.
                 The result is the plaintext message. This is often done
                 because of the tremendous difference in the speed of
                 symmetric vs. asymmetric ciphers.
The following folks have contributed to this FAQ.
Jeremey Barrett Gary Ellison Larry Kilgallen Dutra Lacerda Jim Ray Terry Ritter Robert Rothenburg Adam Shostack Rick Smith Randall Williams Jim Ray   1. B. Schneier, Applied Cryptography, second edition, John Wiley & Sons,
     1996
  2. M. Blaze, W. Diffie, R. L. Rivest, B. Schneier, T. Shimomura, E.
     Thompson, M. Wiener, "Minimal Key Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers to
     Provide Adequate Commercial Security," available from
     ftp://ftp.research.att.com/dist/mab/keylength.ps

@_date: 1996-11-06 05:23:34
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Information 
Ed> I'm a new Cyberpunk!  I apologized if this is not the place to
Ed> post this message request.
It isn't.
This is cypherpunks, not cyberpunks.
Ed> I would like to know where to place my Public Key?  Note, I only
Ed> have E-mail access at this time, and not the Net access, but could
Ed> have a friend place the key for me.
Since you're email only, I'll humor you, and put the entire text of
the instructions to the email interface to the PGP keyserver at the
bottom of my message.
Ed> Last, I would like to know once and for all, is PGP compromised,
Ed> is there a back door, and have we been fooled by NSA to believe
Ed> it's secure?
------------------------- begin instructions -------------------------
Using the E-mail interface to the keyserver
Using the E-mail interface to the keyserver

@_date: 1996-11-12 06:09:45
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Getting attention the old-fashioned way 
Tim> I sent him a note saying I would not give him such quotes.
I wonder if you're likely to have your refusal to give quotes quoted.
Tim> (methinks Vulis has a pretty strong latent
Tim> fixation, given his constant focus on certain topics and words).
Gee, I figured it was just a weak vocabulary.
Tim> Sad that journalists cater to this kind of thing. I guess
Tim> "personality pieces" are ever so much more popular than technical
Tim> pieces, or even careful explications of things like crypto
Tim> anarchy and the real implications of the tecnologies we are
Tim> involved with.
Sad, yes; surprising, no. It's been my experience that such things are
often dependant on the journalist's audience (i.e., is it a trade rag
like InfoWorld or the National Enquirier?) In any event, journalists
(and/or their publishers) aren't usually noted for doing things that
are interesting or important. Rather, they seem to have a preference
for writing and publishing what will sell. (Just as is the case with
TV talk shows, etc.)
What's worrysome is that the degenerates who concern themselves with
nonsense are numerous enough to make sufficient demand to keep the
mainstream press focused on such trivial matters, allowing more
significant things to go unreported outside of the small circles from
which they've originated.
It reminds me of something I saw on television while waiting for my
car to be serviced last week. A talk show was on (I think Jenny
Jones), and they brought on stage a woman who took her financially
troubled sister in. The man of the house (apparantly they were
unmarried, but had children together) ended up with the sister. During
the course of telling the story, they brought more and more of them
out, until they had all three people there in front of the
audience. Everyone on stage was yelling at each other, the audience
making judgemental comments to the people on the stage. I was
attempting to read, but the volume was so loud I couldn't help but be
distracted. A ridiculous commentary of the pathetic mentality of so
many people. (And some people actually wonder why my geek code
contains "!tv".)

@_date: 1996-11-14 12:25:34
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Q.E.D |= Montgolfiering + Inbongis + Fermented Pear Juice 
Hi Jim.
Jim> Maybe something about needing a thesaurus to translate their
Jim> marketing stuff needs to be added to this. ;)
I was actually thinking of linking to a page that is basically a CGI
version of the "travesty" Perl script. I'll have it take some
crypto-related words from a local online file, then when the user hits
a button, it'll create a one paragraph marketing-sounding blurb about
The test, of course, is to see if the marketing material of a given
product sounds too much like pseudorandom gibberish :-)

@_date: 1996-11-28 06:06:12
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: COMPUTER THEFT, LOW-TECH STYLE 
Robert> COMPUTER THEFT, LOW-TECH STYLE
Robert> A thief broke into a Visa International data processing center
Robert> in California a couple of weeks ago and stole a personal
Robert> computer containing information on about 314,000 credit card
Robert> accounts, including Visa, MasterCard, American Express,
Robert> Discover and Diners Club, says a Visa spokesman.
Not a big surprise. As we build increasingly secure systems, we shift
the weakest point of the entire system into the realm of physical
access. Honestly, I'm surprised that we don't see this  sort of thing
more often. (Or maybe they're just going undetected.) After all, it is
the weakest point at which a system will be attacked.
Robert> Authorities speculate that the perpetrator was stolen for the
Robert> resale value of the hardware, rather than the information it
Robert> contained.
Uh-huh. Wouldn't want to cause any kind of a panic among the masses,
would we? Noooo, not when the perception of our super-secure credit
card networks and other financial information infrastructure is at
stake. (And Watergate was a simple bungled burglary, right?)

@_date: 1996-12-05 04:59:31
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Why Cryptography is harder than it looks? 
Brent> Can you please either: 1) email me a copy; or 2) give me a
Brent> pointer as to where I can get a copy; of Bruce Schneier's paper
Brent> on "Why Cryptography is harder than it looks?"

@_date: 1996-12-05 05:07:32
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Encryption policy challenged 
"The Business Software Alliance, a powerful Washington trade
organization, warned the White House that its encryption policy will
fail if the government does not turn to the industry for guidance."
blah blah blah ...
Interesting how these polite requests from the SBA, et al, are going
for such ridiculously low goals. Being able to export 56-bit symmetric
cipher products... Why in the world go for such a low number when that
is the absolute *best* that you can possibly get? And with such a
small difference between 56 and 40 bits, there isn't really any room
to haggle.

@_date: 1996-12-11 08:06:42
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Utility of Snake Oil FAQ 
Got a bit of an update for everyone who was interested in the utility
of the Snake Oil FAQ. Tim May raised the issue that it seems likely
that a usenet FAQ will only reach people sufficiently clued to look
for a usenet FAQ, which probably means they're clued enough to already
know what's in the FAQ. I myself had this concern, but went ahead
taking everyone's input and working on it anyway.
I received at least a half dozen requests from folks wanting to
include it in internal memorandums, reference it in other
(nontechnical) works about Internet and security issues, etc.
It would seem that the message is getting out (admittedly slowly,
perhaps at the rate of two a month), but I suspect that as more
attention is brought to it, we'll continue to reach more people who
need to see it.
P.S. For those of you who have tuned in late, the URL is

@_date: 1996-12-11 11:19:35
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Utility of Snake Oil FAQ 
Good for you. I think Tim has largely overestimated the clue of the
average FAQ-reader. I've learned quite a bit from FAQs. Besides,
multiple distribution points for the same info are a Good Think, in
that they increase exposure, and use different language to express the
same things, thus allowing greater comprehension.
A few suggestions:
Pot the warning signs near the top. The technical intro is too brief
to be easily understandable by mosr MIS folks, and may scare them
away. I think a good organization for the document would be
1) Warning signs
2) The stuff about key sizes
3) The technical intro
4) everything else
Also, I saw no mention of source releases in the warning signs
section. Publishing your algorithm is good, but if there's a bug in
your random-number generator (Netscape?), you're screwed.
Examples of good and bad crypto. Stuffit and MSWord encryption is bad,
PGP is good, that sort of thing.
Anyway, I think it's a good resource.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-12-12 21:37:37
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Tim> While it has been claimed by some that "crypto anarchy" means
Tim> that race won't matter, that cyberspace interactions will be
Tim> color-blind, this is misleading.
Race bits, gender bits, etc., are all interesting possibilities. I
never thought about anyone wanting to do such a thing, but I suppose
that's likely.
I've tended to think that as we become increasingly digital, issues
like race become less significant (perhaps because it generally isn't
immediately obvious in this medium). This doesn't mean that prejudices
go away, it means that they shift to stay with what is obvious. For
example, people who are unable to spell well (and don't spellcheck
email and usenet posts), or use excessively poor grammar are often
ridiculed for their lack of mastery of the language in which they're
writing. Basically, the prejudices and such continue with us, but
change, so as to remain based on things that are easily discernible.
Tim> While many--probably most--users will care only for cyberspace
Tim> personna issues, and not meatspace personna issues of race,
Tim> color, height, weight, etc., this is not something built in to
Tim> anonymous transactions.
As I'm replying, it's occurred to me that we've already got some sort
of persona "certificates" floating around now. (Such as the Geek
Code.) Imagine a field there to include race. Wouldn't take a lot to
do that, after all.
Of course, the implementation of a race bit system that can be trusted
is another issue altogether. Would the White Boyz Club then need to
have its own trusted arbitrator to introduce people of the same race
to each other? (AryanSign?) Is a more elaborate PGP-style web
of trust used? Hmm.

@_date: 1996-12-13 04:38:46
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Credentials without Identity--Race Bits 
Jill> What is the "Geek Code?"
Jill> So white Boyz Club excludes women to, is that correct?
Just made that up ... could be any group that is interested in the
race, color, religion, sex, age, national origin (or anything else) of
those they're dealing with in cyberspace.

@_date: 1997-01-06 18:19:22
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Igor> Moderation may or may not be a good idea, but it is important
Igor> that readership keeps a close eye on their rulers.
I certainly agree, and would venture a guess that Sandy would also
agree. After all, doesn't the proposal also include a completely
unfiltered version of the list, as well as a list made up of messages
that the moderator rejected?
Some of the most interesting projects to combat spam and other
nonsense recently have tended to focus on ways to allow folks the
ability to choose whose judgement they want to trust, and/or ignore
the rants and spews of idiots without actually silencing them.
These seem to be the solutions with the greatest potential for dealing
with the problem without introducing lots of other social
I, for my part, will read the moderated version, and watch the list of
rejects for things that Sandy's criteria for rejectable might be
different from mine. I expect these differences to be few and far
between, if they exist at all. If you prefer to read the list
completely without moderation, that is your prerogative, and the
proposed requirements for a moderated list (i.e., availability of an
unmoderated list) allows that. What isn't clear to me is why some seem
so interested in the (pointless) name-calling and opposition to the
availability of the list in moderated format.

@_date: 1997-01-06 18:25:35
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Dale> I'll tell you something else. If I have an opportunity to
Dale> contribute to a project that can fight censorship of this kind,
Dale> I will do so eagerly.
OK, Dale, you oppose censorship.
If you don't like the moderated version of the list, subscribe to the
unmoderated version. As long as an unmoderated version is available,
what, exactly, is the problem?

@_date: 1997-02-07 07:11:56
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks (was: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List") 
Adam> Perhaps it is time to reconsider the benefits of
Adam> alt.cypherpunks.  (As an aside, it is ironic that John Gilmore
Adam> was the guy who started the alt.* USENET hierarchy, specifically
Adam> to facilitate freedom of speech).
This would have another benefit.  More sophisticated tools exist for
filtering usenet than for filtering email in a voluntarily cooperative
way.  For example, I use a fairly extensive .procmailrc file to filter
my email, and blow away stuff that's either spam or a post from
someone I consider a blathering idiot.  There are some other folks on
the list who likely do the same thing, and there are some whose
.procmailrc files I'd like to see, and likely include in my own.  But
there's no easy way to do that.
With alt.cypherpunks, anyone who wishes to "help kill noise" could
simply issue a NoCeM report, and those of us with reasonable
newsreaders would be able to "listen" to the reports from people with
whom we want to cooperate.  And we can ignore the rest.  The beauty of this scheme is that the control of the list is in the
hands of the individual reader, without requiring huge amounts of
redundant effort.
It's also occurred to me that there can be folks who NoCeM the NoCeM
reports :-)

@_date: 1997-02-07 08:39:27
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc. * Strong crypto == DES?! 
John> Tim, the Cypherpunks have chosen to follow Sandy's lead for this
John> month.  I'll admit I made it easy for them, but the results are
John> conclusive.  There are 1311 addresses in the cypherpunks list
John> today; 42 in the unedited list; and 19 in the flames list.
Jeff> "Conclusively" this has shown only that most folks are willing
Jeff> to go along with an experiment -- especially if it requires them
Jeff> to do exactly nothing.
This is precisely the category into which I fall.  It is a pain to
unsubscribe from a list, since my "From_" header doesn't agree with my
"From:" header (the former has a specific host included, the latter
only a zone), and this often triggers a message to the list owner for
In any case, I am willing to go along with the experiment.  But a
NoCeM-style approach to killing the noise is much more preferable.
Failing that, an individual filter (such as procmail) is good.  In any
event, the responsibility of what to post and what to read should be
in the hands of each reder individually.

@_date: 1997-02-07 06:56:16
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks (was: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List") 
Adam> Perhaps it is time to reconsider the benefits of
Adam> alt.cypherpunks.  (As an aside, it is ironic that John Gilmore
Adam> was the guy who started the alt.* USENET hierarchy, specifically
Adam> to facilitate freedom of speech).
This would have another benefit.  More sophisticated tools exist for
filtering usenet than for filtering email in a voluntarily cooperative
way.  For example, I use a fairly extensive .procmailrc file to filter
my email, and blow away stuff that's either spam or a post from
someone I consider a blathering idiot.  There are some other folks on
the list who likely do the same thing, and there are some whose
.procmailrc files I'd like to see, and likely include in my own.  But
there's no easy way to do that.
With alt.cypherpunks, anyone who wishes to "help kill noise" could
simply issue a NoCeM report, and those of us with reasonable
newsreaders would be able to "listen" to the reports from people with
whom we want to cooperate.  And we can ignore the rest.  The beauty of this scheme is that the control of the list is in the
hands of the individual reader, without requiring huge amounts of
redundant effort.
It's also occurred to me that there can be folks who NoCeM the NoCeM
reports :-)

@_date: 1997-02-07 07:24:15
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc. * Strong crypto == DES?! 
John> Tim, the Cypherpunks have chosen to follow Sandy's lead for this
John> month.  I'll admit I made it easy for them, but the results are
John> conclusive.  There are 1311 addresses in the cypherpunks list
John> today; 42 in the unedited list; and 19 in the flames list.
Jeff> "Conclusively" this has shown only that most folks are willing
Jeff> to go along with an experiment -- especially if it requires them
Jeff> to do exactly nothing.
This is precisely the category into which I fall.  It is a pain to
unsubscribe from a list, since my "From_" header doesn't agree with my
"From:" header (the former has a specific host included, the latter
only a zone), and this often triggers a message to the list owner for
In any case, I am willing to go along with the experiment.  But a
NoCeM-style approach to killing the noise is much more preferable.
Failing that, an individual filter (such as procmail) is good.  In any
event, the responsibility of what to post and what to read should be
in the hands of each reder individually.

@_date: 1997-04-15 15:49:03
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: What's good for the goose... 
Chris> Make your return address "wallace , that's
Chris> right... Good old spamford wallaces email address needs a
Chris> little traffic. You'll want to change your SIG so that people
Chris> don't freak out on you.
Something that I've been toying with is setting up an alias that all
of the fools who spam somehow get subscribed to.  Procmail then
filters incoming email for spam.  Rejects are redirected to the alias,
rather than simply /dev/null.  Those that slip through procmail get
"bounced" to the alias.  And, of course, there's always the option of
instead piping the spam to a program that sends the mail to the alias
from one of its own members.
Chris> IN FACT, and although I WOULD never RECCOMMEND THIS

@_date: 1997-05-08 02:55:07
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: US Citizens doing crypto work overseas 
Does anyone have any idea how extensive the legal entaglements might
be for a US Citizen to accept work overseas developing crypto software
for a foreign company?
Someone at a company in Australia is interested in hiring some
crypto-clued folks, and has asked me if it's even worth pursuing
any US citizens.

@_date: 1997-06-15 21:00:32
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Spam Libs (Frauenfelder on HotWired) 
I'm not sure about c'punk relevance, but that doesn't seem to make
much difference these days.  Anyone interested in the previous message
is likely interested in this.
Here's (most) of a note I sent to Mark Frauenfelder.
----------------- unsnip -------------------------------

@_date: 1997-06-22 08:21:42
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Garbled in transmission. 
sameer> 	Not at all surprising, considering the wording of
sameer> Rocke's press release.
Surely you refer to the lack of a commercial spin in Rocke's press
release.  Or maybe we should have also sung the praises of C2Net's
"uncompromised Internet security software"?
The crack of the DES Challenge Key is important.  Presenting an
accurate description of what happened is just as important.  There is
no need to cause widespread panic, yet.  This is a shot across the
proverbial bow.
Trying to present it to the public at large is a difficult
proposition, and not something that can easily be covered in the sorts
of soundbyte-driven news reports seen on shows like Headline News.  I
know, I've been trying to talk about the meaning of DESCHALL to
business managers and Regular People for more than three months.
What we should be doing is encouraging discussion of the meaning and
significance of what we've done, the sort of thing that will lead to
the kinds of in-depth reports that will accurately tell Joe Citizen
exactly what all of this means.
- -matt
sameer> -- Sameer Parekh Voice: 510-986-8770 President FAX:
sameer> 510-986-8777 C2Net  sameer

@_date: 1997-06-24 21:33:09
@_author: C Matthew Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Garbled in transmission. 
Rick> At least Harry Houdini made it look easy when *he* cracked state
Rick> of the art security technology...
I was on the Talk America radio network very briefly Monday morning
(about 6:30-6:40 EDT).  The host read something like that, and
observed that it "must be pretty secure" to take three months.
I asked him how long it would be before his credit cards expired.
He got the point.
