
@_date: 1998-10-06 11:37:29
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source   code) 
This is really an interesting, and subtle, point.  The goals might
well be different, but I suspect they're more complementary than most
of us immediately realize.
Specifically, I'm unconvinced that letting people "steal" our code
really advances the cypherpunk goal of good crypto everywhere (GCE...a
new TLA?).  Proprietary implementations, or proprietary builds of free
or public domain might well claim to be high quality implementations
of well trusted algorithms.
But without access to the source, how do we know?
What if someone makes an RPM of PGP, for example, with a "feature" to
fire your keys off to Big Brother for "backup" and/or "safe keeping"?

@_date: 1998-10-25 05:37:13
@_author: Matt Curtin 
@_subject: Re: Big Brother Netscape 
The original poster didn't even quite understand the magnitude of the
problem, which I believe is quite severe.  PRIVACY has been covering
some of the issues related to this, especially in issue 07.17.
A much more detailed description of what's going on and how to manage
the problem is in our paper "`What's Related?' Everything But Your
Privacy", online at .
Netscape Communications Corporation's release of Communicator 4.06
contains a new feature, ``Smart Browsing'', controlled by a new icon
labeled What's Related , a front-end to a service that will recommend
sites that are related to the document the user is currently
viewing. The implementation of this feature raises a number of
potentially serious privacy concerns, which we have examined here.
Specifically, URLs that are visited while a user browses the web are
reported back to a server at Netscape. The logs of this data, when
used in conjunction with cookies, could be used to build extensive
dossiers of individual web users, even including their names,
addresses, and telephone numbers in some cases.
Keywords: Privacy, world-wide web (WWW), Netscape, Alexa, smart
browsing, what's related.
