
@_date: 1995-11-20 20:57:44
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: remailer abuse 
My rambling $.02:
I haven't thought all this through, but I have an emerging stance. Just this
week I've started ploughing through the Cyphernomicon, and was smacked in
the face with the eminently pragmatic Mr. May's statement that any law that
cannot be enforced should not exist. Up until, say, this week, I'd always been in favor of Caller ID. I'd figured
if anyone wants to call me, I have the right to know who it is. By default,
I had adopted this position concerning email. Now, one day I will receive an
anonymous email. Will I be offended? Maybe. Can I do anything about it? Not
likely. Anonymous communication is only going to get easier. Current
congressional prattling notwithstanding, the onus of responsibility will
have to shift to the recipient. For example, I could configure my mail
program to automatically throw away any incoming message with "anonymous" in
the "From" header. (Or any message from * for that
matter) If junk mail continues to bother people, it's only a matter of time until
mail programs' filtering capabilities become much more sophisticated. (Of
course, for all I know, there already ARE programs that do what I'm about to
propose.) People can maintain a "do not accept from" list, containing every
anonymous remailer they've ever heard about, or an "accept only from" list,
containing just the people they wish to converse with. I think it's this
second option that will become increasingly important. Sure it's your right
to send me whatever the hell you like, just as it's my right to ignore you
completely. Bringing this back to my hobby-horse of Caller ID, you end up
with even greater protection than an unlisted number--let the whole world
know my number--no one'll get through unless I already know him. And then in
the brave unregulated future, if you make a new friend, you merely swipe his
public-key business card through your PDA, which adds it to your "accept
calls and emails from" list.
And to take a stab at another pair of Greg's questions, if A is sending
messages from his account on X's system to B, and B doesn't want to receive
them, should B have the right to make X stop A? No. (Not that I think the
law is going to realize that any time soon.) Should X have the right to stop
A? Hell yes--it's his system. Let A find a more open-minded ISP if he
doesn't like it.
Corey Bridges
Security Scribe
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1995-11-21 07:43:42
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: Spam the Sign! 
Hm. Well, if you think spamming us will help convince the gov't to export
strong crypto, go crazy. (Heck, I don't mind--it makes my job more secure.)
And yes, we HAVE enjoyed the message "Strong Crypto NOW" that's been
scrolling for the last 3 hours.
Corey Bridges
Security Scribe
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1995-12-01 07:33:08
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
Speaking for me and not Netscape:
I am not in favor of governmental key escrow. Getting that news yesterday
made for the worst day I've had in a while. However, I think that history will look back on this period and snicker.
"They thought they could pull off key escrow? Yeah, right." I think that
things are going to get pretty ugly over the next few years, but ultimately,
it's too late. The genie's out of the bottle. I'm not going to say "Don't give up on Netscape." Do what you feel you should.
*I'm* not giving up on Netscape, however. We haven't adopted this as a
company position, and besides, I think I can do more good on the inside than
on the outside. In a related matter, there was talk a couple days back about creating a PGP
plug-in for Netscape Navigator. I've actually been thinking about that for a
couple months, but I make a much better writer than a programmer. (And if
you've ever read any of my books, keep your jokes to yourself.) Anyway, if
people out there are interested in doing the real work on such a product,
I'd be more than willing to help with the documentation, UI, and other
things where I have a modicum of talent. I'd also put a copy of it on my
home page and hype it internally.
In an unofficial capacity, natch.
Corey Bridges
Security Documentation Manager
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1995-12-29 14:03:55
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: cool cpunk project proposal: "cpunk approved" logo 
Well...nothing personal, but I'd rather cut my n*ts off than be the
blackwell of the information industry... >:-)
And not to poo-poo a nifty idea, but ultimately, I think that any c'punk
cooperative effort like that is doomed to failure. Sure, people can manage
to get together every month or so for a cypherpunk meeting (well, *I* can't,
but I'm even more disorganized than most), but beyond that, things like
official c'punk press releases, and official c'punk FAQs, and official
c'punk seals of approval are just NOT going to happen and still be called
Officially Cypherpunk. It's tough to have an "official" anything for a group
that's not REALLY a group--just the name of a mailing list. Now, this doesn't stop Tim from creating his Cyphernomicon, and it doesn't
stop other people on this list from issuing their own press releases. Nor
should it stop you (and other interested parties) from issuing your seal of
approval to worthy products. I just don't think it'll work to call it the
Official Cypherpunk S-O-A.
Besides, the idea of having an official seal-of-approval sticker sounds like
we're only one step away from having Cypherpunk action figures. ("New Eric
Hughes figure with crushing logic grip! Detweiler with whirling Tentacles of
Doom (tm)!")
Uh, I guess I should have put "NOISE" in the subject line...
Corey Bridges
Security Documentation
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1995-12-30 09:23:23
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: Chinese Cypherpunk quote  [NOISE] 
Rrrr. Rrrrr... OKAY, I'm sure that's bait, but it's a (relatively) slow week
here at Netscapegoat. (Besides, I've apparently already set a precedent for
responding to tentacularly dangled carrots earlier this week with my
response to the C'punk Seal question.) So I'm throwing better judgment to
the wind and leaping straight for the soft pink throat of this taunt.
To reply simply: Wrong -- the will of the people is as fickle as the wind.
Follow the will of the people, and you run your country by following fads.
Mob rule and all that. We're in deep trouble if we ever get a true democracy. Sorry. Just had to respond.
MY opinions, thank you very much. Corey Bridges
Netscape Communications Corporation
Action figure  "Jeff Weinstein, with real asbestos suit and
glow-in-the-dark magnetized target!"

@_date: 1996-01-04 11:37:08
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: AOL security letter 
Looks like AOL is being dragged, kicking and screaming, into the world of
security. This is a note that AOL subscribers are receiving today:
bj:	ALERT: Password Security
Sent on:	America Online (using Stratus)
Dear Friend of America Online,
I want to raise your awareness about an issue that affects us all: the
importance of never revealing your password.
Recently there have been a few incidents where computer hackers have tried
to gain access to passwords by soliciting individuals online.  These hackers
have increased their level of sophistication so much that they have begun to
correspond in a style to make you believe they are representing America
Online.  Here's an edited excerpt from a recent e-mail attempt:
"Dear AOL Community Member:
AOL is experiencing major problems...Due to a virus that was recently
loaded...onto our main user database, containing most of our member
registration information, we are currently experiencing widespread system
failure. The problem originated...when our system was illegally breached by
a former AOL employee.
We believe the employee, who is currently being questioned by authorities,
loaded a virus into our database. Because we identified the problem quickly,
we were able to stop the problem before the entire database was deleted. The files that were deleted, however, happened to be the database link
files...that link a user's password and screen name to the rest of their
account. We are currently...working with McAfee Associates (Anti-Virus), to
replace the lost files...
...Some of the effects as a result of not having the database link files
include: random log-off's, AOLnet runs slower, and Email may accidentally be
deleted. These problems are MAJOR inconveniences to our users, so we need
your help to fix the problem."
The letter continues, outlining the steps you must take to keep your account
active, and awarding you free online hours for your troubles.
Sending e-mail is just one tactic.  Another approach is by using IMs
(Instant Messages), where a hacker will notice you are online and try to
pass himself off as an employee.  Hackers sometimes scan chat areas and the
member directory for screen names.
Simply put, your passwords are like items in your safety deposit box.
They're confidential.  YOU are the only person who should know your
password.  Giving someone (even unintentionally) your password -- especially
online -- is like handing over your wallet, keys, and other valuables to
complete strangers.
There is absolutely no reason why America Online would ever ask you for your
password! Be aware: NO EMPLOYEE OR REPRESENTATIVE OF AMERICA ONLINE WILL
EVER ASK YOU FOR YOUR PASSWORD, YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER, OR TO VERIFY YOUR
BILLING INFORMATION ONLINE.  IF THEY DO, BE SUSPICIOUS AND TAKE
ACTION--REPORT IT IMMEDIATELY.
Here are some quick steps to keep your passwords secure:
1) Immediately change your passwords (at keyword PASSWORD) to at least 6
alphanumeric characters -- combination of letters and numbers -- for all of
your sub-accounts.  Delete unused sub-accounts.
2) NEVER use your screen name, first or last name, town, street, etc. as a
password. Do not use a common word.  Add a few digits to a word, or misspell
it.  Hackers use all kinds of programs that search for common words.
3) Inform spouses, children, and others who have access to your account to
take the same safety measures, and to NEVER give out passwords.
4) Report suspicious behavior at keyword STAFFPAGER immediately.
Computer hacking on America Online is not widespread.  But it's an activity

@_date: 1996-01-10 03:00:54
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: NSA and NT security 
PALO ALTO, Calif., Jan. 8 /PRNewswire/ via Individual Inc. -- Global
Internet today announced that the National Security Agency has awarded them
a contract to conduct a feasibility study on raising the security level of
Windows NT 3.51 to B-level. Global Internet will analyze Windows NT's
ability to meet B-level security requirements, as well as develop a software
prototype that demonstrates a Fortezza-based cryptocard access control
mechanism. The contract was granted by the NSA under the Multilevel Information System
Security Initiative (MISSI), which has the charter to provide security
services for information ranging from Unclassified but Sensitive up to and
including Top Secret. Windows NT was originally designed with security in
mind. A NSA evaluation team has determined that Windows NT 3.5 with Service
Pack 3 satisfies all class C-2 security requirements. B-level of security
strengthens the C2 level security features while providing stricter system
assurances. Global Internet has a proven expertise with Windows NT. Centri TNT is the
only network security solution that is fully integrated into Windows NT
TCP/IP networks by complementing and extending Windows NT's inherent
strengths, while maintaining 100% compatibility with existing applications.
Global Internet also has extensive experience architecting, designing and
developing high level secure operating systems. "This project addresses anticipated security requirements for DOD, as well
as commercial customers using Windows NT," said Michelle Ruppel, a director
of the Global Internet Software Group. "Our analysis will address
compatibility issues with B-level security requirements and identify the
changes necessary to provide this level of support." According to Outlink, Inc., a New York-based research and publishing firm
focusing on the information security market, about 80% of the PC hardware
market supports Microsoft's DOS and Windows 3.1. This combination, though
popular, does not provide inherent security features such as secure login,
access control, auditing and self-protection. Strong access control is a
highly desirable function of the MISSI architecture. Trusted Operating
Systems will play a role in the MISSI success. Windows NT is a modular OS and combined with its current security features
that are based on the Trusted Products Evaluation Program (TPEP) C2 level of
security and it's ability to operate on the majority of customer platforms
while supporting DOS and Windows applications, the architecture lends itself
to support B-level requirements. An operating system with few security features allows anyone to use the
machine without validating their identity, while allowing access to all
files, objects and resources. C2 level security includes: auditing to allow
security-relevant events to be recorded and monitored, discretionary
(need-to-know) access controls to mediate who can access (read or write) files
and other objects and identification and authentication (login) to require
users to identify themselves to the system before they are allowed to use
the system. B-level security additionally includes: labeling of users, files and other
objects with a sensitivity label, mandatory access controls to enforce a
security policy based on the labels of the users and objects and trusted
path that ensures users they are using the actual programs provided with the
system. The Global Internet Software Group specializes in security software for
Windows NT networks and other operating environments. The Software Group is
a division of Global Internet, a full-service internetworking solutions
company focusing on secure, reliable internetworking software and services.
Located in Palo Alto, California, Global Internet is privately held and was
founded in 1993. Global Internet Home Page:  jaadams for Global Internet; or Mark R. Kriss of Global
Internet, 415-855-1700, or E-mail: mkriss

@_date: 1996-01-20 09:51:53
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: Elitism on Cypherpunks 
Just remember you brought this up...
Not all of us even write code. Some of us write (horrors!) books! Yes, my
brethren, I earn my pay as a lowly scribe. Do I code? Nope. Am I a
Cypherpunk? Christ, I don't care. I'm on this mailing list; that works fine
for me. My brain expands almost daily from contact with such seditious sods.
Do I contribute to the health and growth of this list? Maybe. Do I preach
the Cypherpunk doctrine through my work at my company? Definitely. Just thought I'd point out that we aren't all code-monkeys. (And I mean that
in the best sense of the word.)
Corey Bridges
Security Documentation
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:33:57
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Re: "This post is G-Rated" 
Rated N for Noise (perhaps much to the consternation of Tim).
I don't know the particulars of how the movie rating system came into being,
but I know about the last few years' government flack about "unsuitable"
material on TV. A couple years back, Senator Paul Simon (D-Illinois) warned
that Congress would use the law to compel the entertainment industry if it
did not voluntarily adjust television content. He said, "If there is not
some sort of positive response by the industry, we are headed for some sort
of legislative response." Amusingly enough, he also admitted that he would
prefer industry restrictions on artistic freedoms because legally mandated
limits to free speech would probably be ruled unconstitutional. Claiming that such "voluntary compliance" crap is not censorship is
ridiculous. Not that you were implying that, Tim--I just want people to
understand that this is the same thing as a mugger claiming that, since he
didn't actually shoot his victim, the wallet he received was a gift rather
than stolen goods.
Corey Bridges
Security Documentation
Netscape Communications Corporation

@_date: 1996-01-15 11:07:00
@_author: Corey Bridges 
@_subject: Commerce Dept Recommends Strong Crypto Export 
Well. Now that the government itself is taking up the charge, I'm sure we
can expect a speedy resolution. Yeah, right.
             ***
 Scrambled software gets an OK
 -- Exports: Foreign encoding unfair to U.S. firms, Commerce Department
 says.
 Bloomberg Business News
 WASHINGTON -- The Commerce Department will recommend easing export
 controls on encryption software after a study by the department and
 the National Security Agency found the restrictions are hurting U.S.
 firms, Commerce Secretary Ron Brown said.
 Such a move may pit Brown's department against U.S. defense and spy
 agencies, however, setting the stage for a White House battle over one
 of the last computer technologies still covered by export controls.
 ``I'm interested in promoting American exports,'' Brown said.
 ``If your foreign competitors are exporting products with encryption
 capability and you are not, that puts you at a tremendous competitive
 disadvantage,'' he said.
 Encryption software turns information, such as files and credit card
 numbers, into indecipherable material that can be sent across networks
 without fear of tampering to the recipient, who can then unscramble
 it. Under current U.S. law, encryption technology that exceeds certain
 technical thresholds is considered a ``munition.'' Those who would
 export such technology need explicit permission from the government.
 The United States justifies the export restrictions by saying
 law-enforcement agencies would be hamstrung in their efforts to stop
 terrorists, spies and criminals without them.
 The computer industry counters that encryption software is available
 from other countries, and the restrictions simply rob U.S. companies
 of business.
 The Computer Systems Policy Project, a joint effort of 13 top
 technology companies released its own study showing that U.S.
 companies will lose as much as 30 percent of the $200 billion in U.S.
 computer system sales expected in 2000 because of federal laws
 limiting exports of encryption products.
 Brown said his department will prepare recommendations for easing
 those controls that should be forwarded to the president ``within a
 few months.''
 It's unclear if the NSA endorsed the Commerce Department's conclusions
 in the report it jointly prepared. Representatives of the NSA were
 unavailable for comment.
 Brown's assertion comes a day after federal prosecutors dropped a
 three-year investigation of Boulder, Colo., software designer Philip
 Zimmermann, whose encryption program called Pretty Good Privacy was
 posted on the Internet, the worldwide computer network.
 Published 1/13/96 in the San Jose Mercury News. Reprinted digitally here
 without permission, and probably illegally.
Corey Bridges
Security Documentation
Netscape Communications Corporation
