
@_date: 1998-07-26 21:42:14
@_author: Cory 
@_subject: Re: enc.... 
a virus can be encrypted or it could leave itself open. usaually the
it all depends on the combination of what virus and encryption
software you use.
Many times a virus will infect by waiting for you to open a file (run,
copy, move)
when it sees a file open it will add itself to the end and then move
the start
of the program to the virus.  When the program is executed it jumps to
the virus who loads itself
into memory and then jumps seamlessly to the beginning of the program,
unperceptibly( if done right)
If your files are encrypted by a program that stays in memory and lets
programs run like normal a virus will run like
normal.  If you have an uninfected file PGPed when you extract a copy
it will become infected like a normal file
however the pgp file will not be infected.  If the encryption is built
into the program and has a checksum you will be notified if it is infected but if it just runs a
decryption routine and then starts the program then it could be infected before the decryption routine.
in general if you can read/write a file so can a virus.
If you are worried about infection, get an uninfected copy and
make a detached pgp .sig  then run it on your computer in a batch file
pgp checks the signature before it runs.  if pgp fails the sig. your
program is infected
each virus is unique and acts differently, remember they are just
written  like normal programs.
If you are indepth interested, search for a virus authors page. Anti-virus people are vague so
you don't figure out how to make one but a virus author will probably
have guides on how to make
a virus.  This gives you intimate knowledge of a virus's abilities.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-07-27 01:11:23
@_author: Cory 
@_subject: Stego program for jpg or wav? (dos/win) 
I'm looking for a steganogrophy program for dos/win that supports wav and one that supports jpg files. Any help?
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at
