
@_date: 1994-02-25 11:39:58
@_author: ( unnamed foes  
@_subject: No Subject 
Of course we could always send all our mail in code. work up a number or
 letter code for everything, then code that again. and ony the ones witht he code key get mail
 seems like that should put a damper on anything that the "big brothers"
 of the world could do to you. at least for normal traffic. even if they
 have a clipper chip on the lines. you the user, will have a code that they must brake first
 then all you have to do is change the code every day or so.
 that should get them (( unnamed foes )) back for reading your
   just a few thoughts, from a puzzle freak.
charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-02-25 11:52:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
re: the newsday article of feb 22.
 okay fine, but does this person also like the no gun law. geesh.
 they write about how the gov't can be so good for us, and yes in most
 cases i argee,, but one mistake and the whole of clipperdom would be
 compermized, and do you know how much spying goes on today.
 well just imagine ten times that because if i had both halves of hte
 clipper code, i could ruin everyones day. or rule a lot more than i do
 now i am a simple peon. i don't see me ever getting ahold of the  codes needed, but just look at the spy that got caught. he could
 have gottent he codes if they had been around
 he could have sold them to anyone. or used them himself!!
 sure we need protection. but what cost are we willing to pay
 our freedom?
 charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-02-28 09:57:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
i see a few problems with the use of the clipper chip.
 first, once in place, how will they replace it once it is compermized
 second, how much more will this cost the "honest" tax-payers?
 third, if they only use it for the trapping of and evidence of criminal        type folks, what will the do with all the other neat info they
       are sure to pick up?
 fourth, if both halves, in a one key system are in the hands of the         gov't what reaaly provents them from using them, without our
        knowing about it.  also a few comments.
 once in place, i could do several things to make it hard to catch me
 i could write everything i send out in a seperate code, only send snail
 mail, only talk in person, steal the code keys, take the chip out of all
 the systems i have access to. and lets see, i could tell you i have a chip
 that looks liek the clipper chip, that on the first test try works.
 but it is really a fake, and mass produce it and sell it. without your knowing
 hey anything is possible.
someone pointed out that the keys once used, would become less secure
use by use. why not a revolving key system, or is that to hard
and why did the spend over 8 million of our tax dollars, on something
 that congress hopefully will shoot down?? talk about balanced budgets
i think there is another oxymoron to add to the list
now i wish i had not voted for the ditz in office.
charles the monster maker
            ^i am a father, you have a kid you'll know.

@_date: 1994-03-03 10:29:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
about this meeting you all are having. once you have had the meeting
 will those of us that are un able to attend for one reason or
 another, be able to find out what went on??? ie a sort of points
 made at he meeting and other general info, in a post to this list.
 i would love to be there. but i don't have access to the irc.
 and my computer time is whenever i get the chance.
 thanks
 charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-03 13:20:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
re the use of clipper and other laws to imprison people for use of
 any code not the clipper.. why not just make jails everywhere  and put everyone in one and then let out only those that are
 working for the gov't and other "good folks" and leave the
 rest of us in jail.
 if this happens. where i have no freedoms
 i'll just disappear. can't find me in the mountains
 and though i might spend my time in labs
 i have also spent time on lonely hill tops
 looking at nature and being away from it all
 free our lines, or someone else will enslave us
charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-07 10:44:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
about joe6pack>>>
 though joe 6-pack might not vote, and likely won't even understand about
 the crypto of it all. he would understand the police listening in on his
 conversations with jill 6-pack. and not like it to well.  i do think though that the ge
 that the general public should know, what the congress is getting itself into
 other topics before congress get aired why not this one.
 making it simple for simple minds, might be beyond some folks though
 there has been talk here about how to go about the process. which on the
 surface looks so easy. but the general populace of the US of A has a bit of
 problem with concepts at times. big bangs and lots of noise and death, that
 sure does catch attention, for about 20 seconds. the computer folks are going  to be fighting with the gov't types til the end of time and the joe 6-packs
 are going to be stuck in the middle. but we need them more than we need
 to alienate them. they do pay taxes, some of them do vote, and some of them
 are the rich and famous we want to get our point across to. not every rich
 man knows about computers.  we as a group or as individuals should at least
 try to let the joe 6-packs that we know in on the secrets the gov't and the
 FBI and the NSA are trying to hide from him.  maybe that is the point of
 a so called free nation.
 and sure we might not run this country, but public outcry most times
 turns heads in congress.
charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-09 09:43:14
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
all this about newbies>>
 i for one am a newbie,, gee i hate that word,, at least to this list.
 though i have been in and around computers since 81. over 13 years now
 most of what i have been around is the bbs, and programing, and hardware
 of computers. also i am an information freak from early childhood. the
 major pitch of my crypto has been word based, not computer based but
 i understand the princibles behind it.
   though my main concern of late has been the up swing in government
 and criminal investigators involment in the computer field. most
 notablly with the clipper and other chips.  i have always been a  privacy advocate.  having done things in early youth that in a world
 ruled by "big brother" i would surely be targeted for. i do not want  the US of A or most of the free world to be ruled by "big brothers"
 that is why i read this list and others. yes in the past i have posted
 rants, and raves. but that is life. i talk the good ole heart and soul
 while others talk the techno ascept of the issues at hand.
' charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-09 10:41:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
re the issuing of smart cards in france.
 when will we in the US of A be issued our ID card? already in some states
 you hve to have so much id just to get a drivers liscence that it is not
 funny. recently my fiancee lost her date book, for her it is a purse
 anything about her that would be needed to form another history via id
 was in there. and being adopted she did not have a copy of her birth
 certificate.. makes you wonder if the "smart card" is reaaly the better
 idea. to make it seem good to folks, lets have encryption in the card
 we can access certain parts of the card, via our own password, given it would have
 to be a hard to get password, something like 2BeoR^3%iT in at least 10
 charactors long. we could all have them hooked to our money supply
 that would cut down on the fake card/money/credit business a bit
 and give us more ability to be controled by the governing bodies
 if we fail to pay the IRS one year, they could just take it out
 at their stations in the big office at the IRS building.
 or even the voting, pass it through the voting booth reader
 and key int he ones you want to help control your life.
 neato,, do away with all the bulky change i carry around too!!
 charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-21 10:45:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
in response to the post about the joe-six-pack worry level
if they get clipper int he phone next they will have it in the fax's
the TV is next, seeing that most of it in 10 years will go over smart lines to give you more choices, there was a 10,000 home test
in broklyn just last year, the NSA and other agencies won't
give up the opptunity to easily, in fact they might just go around " those dumb congressmen" if the chip and the means to make it
are banded by law. my financee who hearing me talk about this list, and hte clipper
has gone out and told others in a laymens term,,
" hey did you know the gov't is trying to put a chip in all new fones
that could make it possible for hte police to just listen in on your
talks to others. just by pressing a few keys"
though it is not to acurate, it gets the point across to joe and jill
making them wonder at what they are saying and who might be
listening.. wonder what it all will bring in 20 years??
charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-21 11:26:55
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
in response to rishab   about jeo-six-pack and the general public
those folks, are the ones that could make an outcry that would bring to light
the NSA trying to hoodwink us all. though they might not have much power
as individuals, take any group in mass, and you get power
might not be a controlable power, but that is what you got.
i would rather inform as many people about the things i read on this list
as just set at home and say, "don
't bother they'll never understand it"" apathy of any kind can kill you
and will stunt your creative growth.
charles the monster maker

@_date: 1994-03-28 10:27:21
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
hello folks
i have been trying to ge the non-net folk to fight against clipper
and all other such methods of the gov't to surpress the freedom to
talk to anyone at anytime without other listening in on things
so my finacee wi going ot give a short series of speachs to her
speech class. anyone can do this, talk out loud to the public
tell your non net friends, tell everyone.
also  .....
 help
anyone who has a list of article or topics that can be looked up in
serial lititure to use for this purpose, please e.mail me the info or
post it so others can gain the infomation to use to fight
those who would take our rights from us.
charles the monster maker
