
@_date: 1994-08-25 11:49:18
@_author: alex 
@_subject: swIPe 
The other day, while I was poking around the C'Punk FTP site, I ran across swIPe, the low-level network security protocol by Matt Blaze and John Ioannidis.
I'm not as knowledgeble as many of the people here, but swIPe strikes me as "The Right Way" to apply crypto to net-communications.  Instead of having secure email, secure mosaic, secure telnet, etc., you have secure IP traffic.  It's comparatively simple, it's very flexible, and it's I haven't heard much about swIPe, and I was wondering if someone could bring me up to speed on it, let me know the status of the project, the conventional wisdom, etc.  In particular, I'd like to know if anyone uses swIPe with Linux.
Also, I'm curious about the practicality of using swIPe as a component in
a larger secure mail (or secure anything) system.  If I understand the
situation properly, swIPe would only be one piece of a total security
system.  You'd still need to protect against unauthorized break-ins on
your machine, and you'd still have to trust root, you'd still depend on
the OS's built-in security, you'd still need a CFS type of program to
store your swIPe keys, etc.
Finally (I know I'm asking a lot of questions here), does anyone have any pointers to anything about the key-exchange system (apart from what was at soda)?

@_date: 1994-08-25 17:01:47
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: $10M breaks MD5 in 24 days 
This in itself wouldn't give an attacker much of anything would it?  I mean, once they discovered a message which hashed to a given value, the new message wouldn't be in the proper format, would it?  Wouldn't it just be noise, instead of text in english, crypto keys, etc.?

@_date: 1994-08-28 10:24:43
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann/NSA debate postponed 
Carl said:
I've fooled around with writing a mailer, and I ran up against a few walls.  The biggest one was my not being the world's greatest programmer, and not knowing much about email systems.  But there are other problems as well, that I think would plague anyone who tries to write a mailer.
The goal that I was working for was pretty straight forward:  some sort of a secure system that would be as transparent as possible.  Ideally, it would work just like elm or pine or eudora:  you'd just say "I want to send mail to so-and-so", and all the rest would happen automatically.  The mail would be encrypted, your signature would be affixed, the recipient wouldn't have to worry about decrypting the mail, and there'd be some small little indicator on his status bar that said the signature was good.
The first thing I realized when I started fooling around with this is that my basic design, which was modeled on a QWK packet offline reader, wasn't practical.  Why?
First of all, all of the crypto work has to be done on a machine
controlled by the user.  This is obvious, and it's the reason I wanted to
go QWK style in the first place.
But think about what happens if you dl a packet of incoming mail.  Inside, you've got a letter from someone you've never met before, and it's signed.  How can you verify the signature?
Right now, people don't use secure mail for day to day traffic because
it's too much of a hassle.  You can write a mailer to automate encryption
and decryption, affixing and verifying signatures.  But you're still going
to have to require users to hunt down keys, decide if they want to trust
them, and load them onto their key rings.  That's enough hassle for most people to stick with elm.
It seems to me that a prerequisite for a transparent, secure mail system
is an efficient, interactive, IP based key distribution system.  It would
have to be distributed, at least if we were serious, because it would have
to be able to handle several million people's keys.  And the web of trust would have to be such that keys could be accepted (or rejected) automatically, without human intervention.
If such a system of keyservers existed, it's not hard to imagine really
useful secure mail systems, although implementing them would still be an
awful lot of work.  Sendmail could be configured to feed mail through
programs to handle the crypto work on single user unix machines (or even
on multi-user machines, if the users trusted the sysadmin), and some sort
of a secure pop system could be developed for other people.
But this would be a very big project, and would necessitate agreements on standards, etc.

@_date: 1994-08-28 18:57:55
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: We get the government we deserve 
Sorry to be straying from crypto, but:
I heard exactly the opposite, that studies have shown no difference whatsover in the usage rates in kids who went through DARE and kids who don't go through DARE.

@_date: 1994-11-21 13:46:08
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: New Opportunity for Anonymous Reamilers 
Do you need to be licensed to be a common carrier?  If so, who grants the licenses, and what qualifications does a business need to meet in order to qualify?
