
@_date: 1995-07-12 13:00:15
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: SSL RC4 challenge 
Can't we hold off a few weeks on this, so that we can all short the stock once it's been offered?

@_date: 1995-07-13 10:58:39
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 
It seems to me that this bill is so broad as to be unworkable, and that
could work in our favor.  I haven't read the full text, and I'm not a
lawyer, but my reading of the excerpts posted here suggest that even stuff
that's been *approved* for export by NSA could be prohibited. What would be the status of stuff like NIS+ under this bill?  The Netscape commerce server?

@_date: 1995-07-15 17:19:37
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: Unix not the Only Place for "Vanguard" Applications 
MS-Windows boxes and Macs still don't do multitasking well;  that's going
to change soon, and when it does, I'm sure that a lot of nifty new tools
well appear.  But multitasking is important if you want to run servers
(like remailers), and it's very helpful if you want to tie different
programs together (ie., elm talks to premail which starts pgp 5 times and
hands the result to sendmail, all without my noticing). The preeminence of unix in a lot of the work that's being done isn't the
result of snobbishness or even personal taste.  It's just a nice,
convenient platform to do the work on.  People pick the tools they feel comfortable using, and they match them to
the job at hand.  I can't run Pagemaker on my linux box so if I need to do
some layout work I use a mac or ms-windows.  But if I want to set up a web
server I use linux because it's quick and cheap.  If you want to edit a
feature film, use an SGI workstation.  If you want to set up a word
processing system that someone from the temp service will be able to run,
use ms-windows and word.
I'm sure that when windows-95 comes out officially, good tools will appear
for that platform.  But the lack of solid multitasking and freely
available development tools in ms-windows 3.11 is the reason that more
robust crypto tools for that platform don't exist, not an ivory tower
mentality on the part of the people doing the work.

@_date: 1995-07-15 22:45:21
@_author: alex 
@_subject: Re: unix, vanguard 
Mixmaster, CFS, premail, the alias system at alpha.c2.org, etc.
I know there are similar versions of some of these on pc boxes (sfs, secure drive, and private idaho), and those are good packages.  But using private idaho on a pc is still a lot more of a hassle than using premail on a unix box (the latter can be completely transparent), and although I haven't seen the source code to private idaho, I'll be willing to bet it's a lot more complicated than the premail script.
If you want to do something like Raph's remailer list, would you rather implement it on a pc running windows or with a perl script on a unix SFS is a great program, it works well, and it's very useful.  But the design of CFS, which runs as an NFS server, is more elegant.  Would you rather drop a new cipher into secure drive or sfs, or into CFS?
Did the market produce these unix tools?  If Zimmermann was a businessman, wouldn't he have produced weak exportable code?  Sometimes innovative products create the market, rather than the other way around.  If there's a market for remailers, I'm inclined to think it's because we were able to glimpse the possibilities thanks to the original perl based type I remailer.
As I said before, unix has a lot of problems.  It's a crummy os if you
want to write letters or do desktop publishing:  even if you have good
software to do these things, the system's going to cost you too much if
that's all you're using your computer for.  But if have an idea for a
remailer and you'd like to throw something together over a weekend that
will work, it's hard to beat it.

@_date: 1995-11-26 05:48:21
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Certification Authority 
Is anyone running an ssl web server that would let us see how this works?

@_date: 1995-12-03 09:14:34
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
I don't expect Netscape, as a corporate citizen, to engage in civil
disobedience.  But I hope that Netscape will take seriously its obligation
to protect the rights of citizens. Decisions that businesses make have big effects on the way day to day life exists all over the world.  GM makes decisions that affect how safe transportation will be and how much it will cost.  Microsoft makes decisions that effect millions of people's work environments.  Even small businesses have small bits of power:  I run a little ISP, and a few hundred people depend on me to protect the privacy of their email.
The decison that Netscpae is faced with now is a big one.  It's going to have widespread and long lasting consequences for privacy and civil liberties all over the world.  When you look at what's going to happen on the ground, it's probably as important as a major decision by the Supreme We understand that government officials in this country and elsewhere are putting pressure on Netscape.  But you should understand that the public is overwhelmingly in favor of universal access to strong crypto.  This is a democracy, after all, and the FBI and NSA still work for the people.  If you need help standing up for what's right, you'll get it.  Take your case to the public, and you'll be suprised at the response you'll get.
Why not say:
If you make that argument publicly, you'll get widespread support from the
business communitity and the general public.  And if it turns out that we
can't win, you can always fall back on selling totalitarian-friendly

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:08:17
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: CFS and Linux 
This is the dumbest thread I've ever seen.
First of all, AT&T lets Matt distribute CFS and other crypto related tools
from an AT&T site.  In the current legal environment, I think that's a good show of "support".
Second of all, Matt has put in a lot of effort to make CFS usable to Linux
users.  I have personally gotten help on more than one occaision from Matt
with CFS and Linux, and I've seen him answer lots of questions on the CFS
users' mail list.
Here's an example:  when I first started using CFS, the documents were
formatted with a macro that wasn't included with the most popular linux
distributions.  I pointed this out to Matt and took the time to rewrite the docs using a different macro, so Linux users would be able to read it.  I'll bet he's done dozens of fixes to make CFS run better on Linux What's more, Matt recently took the trouble to set up a Linux box for the
sole purpose of testing CFS on it. I love Linux and I use it, but the fact
that everyone has a slightly different distribution makes it a tough
platform to support.  As Matt's already pointed out, most of the problems
that people have with Linux and CFS seem to stem from a broken rpgen that
come with some, but not all, distributions of Linux. Finally, as Perry pointed out, neither Matt nor AT&T owe us anything, so
it would be impossible to find fault with Matt even if he hadn't done any
work to support Linux. Lots of people run CFS on Linux.  I'd even be willing to bet that Linux is the most popular CFS platform, judging from the traffic on the list.  If you can't run CFS on your Linux box, you might want to consider the possibility that you don't know what you're doing.

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:09:04
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: corporate bashing 
There have been some recent posts here flaming AT&T, Netscape, and people like Matt and Jeff who work for them.  These posts seem to come out a paranoid mindset that distrusts any institution with power, and a romantic idea that the cypherpunks are subversive idealists fighting for truth and justice in the face of overwhelmingly powerful opponents.
The truth is that several important institutions have contributed a lot to the fight for privacy.  That may not be romantic, and it may not fit well with some people's adolescent fantasies, but it is what's actually The New York Times, the most influential paper in America, has consistently argued against censorship on the net.  MIT, one of our most prestigious universities, has taken on the free
distribution of strong crypto tools and lent considerable credibility to
Phil Zimmermann. AT&T funded the research Matt Blaze did which deomonstrated that a forge
chip would interoperate with an escrowed one.  If we had to pick one
single thing that killed clipper, it would probably be that
deomonstration. Netscape not only put crypto into its products, it's opening them up so
that they'll talk to other people's products.  This is a big step forward: even if Netscape caves into GAK, you'll be able to talk to one of Sameer's
Apache-SSL servers in the Netherlands.  GAK is unenforceable if standards are open and interoperability is possible.  And despite the complaints of many here, Netscape has taken a strong stand aginst GAK and ITAR.
Even Microsoft's Bill Gates has apparently written well and persuasively aginst GAK.
None of this is conincidental, and if you don't understand why you ought to read Friedman's "Capitalism and Freedom".
We are not extremists.  There is nothing extreme about believing that an
email you send to your spouse or your friend ought to be private, or that
people ought to be able to read and write about whatever subject interests
them.  The extremists are those who are fighting so hard to preserve the
possibility of totalitarianism.

@_date: 1995-12-25 08:16:13
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: corporate bashing 
No.  You must learn how to decide whether or not you want to believe something
by looking it's plausibility and where it came form, and when you do learn
that you need to realize that other people know how to do it as well. Don't blame anonymity for your own or others' inability to think critically.

@_date: 1995-12-30 07:12:24
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: blind validation 
If I understand you correctly, this protcol allows Alice to create one and
only one nym that can't be connected to her real identity.  All of Alice's transactions can be linked together and to that nym, but there's no way to tag Alice with them.
The main difficulty I see with this protocol is that if things go wrong,
they go very wrong.  If Alice slips up once, or if she's compelled to give
herself up, then she loses everything and gets tagged with all of her
Does anyone have a pointer to Chaum's paper?
This is a good idea because it addresses one of the big problems with my
protocol, the impossibility of introducing latency. But apart from the problem you mentioned above, isn't there a problem with
setting the escrow amount?  Ordinarily, we'd want to set the amount just high enough so that Alice doesn't have any interest in cheating.  Whatever benefit Alice gains will be offset by the penalty.
How do we put a numeric value on the benefits Alice gets from cheating? Don't we create a situation in which a rich guy might be perfectly
comfortable with the risk of losing the money, while someone else might

@_date: 1995-12-31 04:33:56
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: blind validation 
Yes and no.  It is just a ticket, except that there are time constraints.  If Alice doesn't respond in some reasonable time while the protocol is going on, Bob quits.  (I didn't say that explicitly, my Part of what I was trying to say, but didn't say well, is that Alice can *always* act as a proxy, ie., she can always get a file and give it to someone else.  But Sam can't bust Bob if Alice gives the file away.  He'll have to go after Alice.
The whole point of the exercise is to convince Sam that Bob hasn't given
away any files to minors or Europeans or whoever else Sam feels shouldn't
have them. This puts a whole new spin on the situation, a different sort of attitude than we usually have when we're talking about crypto protocols.  The entire ecash system has to have integrity.  If someone figures out how to forge or double spend ecash, it doesn't do the bank any good to say, "We didn't do it, this person with an account did it."
But we can't keep erotica out of the hands of minors, or home grown crypto out of the hands of Europeans.  That means that from a certain point of the view, the system as a whole won't have integrity.  But no system can have integrity, because Alice can always act as a proxy.
The point is to set things up so that:
1.	Alice can remain anonymous
2.	Bob can keep Sam off his back
3.	Sam has to admit that the system, imperfect as it is, is as good
The through the looking glass aspect of this is that from a practical
standpoint, there's no real difference between Alice giving away her
credentials and Alice acting as a proxy.  But Sam foists the upon us the
necessity of arguing what are almost semantic points.  If Bob always gives
the files to people Sam says are ok, then Bob won't go to jail.
It is true that Alice could act as a beard for someone in the transaction,
but in my opinion it's not unreasonable to claim that if she does she's
acting as a proxy.  The attacker still has to go to Alice and say, "give
me this file", and Alice still has to agree and interact with Trent in the
moment to make it work.  Going back to the liquor store analogy, Alice can go into the liquor store with a kid, have the kid point to a bottle on the shelf, go to the register, and then buy it.
But she can't give her ID away to the kid and let the kid go to the liquor
store on his own.  Either way the kid gets drunk, but if Alice can't give
away her ID, Bob won't have to worry about losing his license. Alice, of course, has to watch out for Sam.
Very true.

@_date: 1995-12-02 16:09:49
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
Couldn't you set up a company in the Netherlands or some such place that allowed you to export to the rest of the world?
There could be a US version of Netscape, produced here in the States, and
a strong international version produced by a different company, using non
crypto technology licensed from Netscape and a crypto engine produced
entirely offshore.  You could make the offshore firm virtually worthless
by forcing them to give all the money to Netscape proper in the form of
licensing fees.  It wouldn't matter who owned it, so you could give the
franchise to a Dutch national without giving away the store.
I seem to remember US companies getting around restrictions on doing
business with South Africa using a similar strategy.

@_date: 1995-12-03 12:21:29
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Jim Clark, "Mr. Bubble" 
I don't know much about the market.  I can't say whether or not the market
will continue to value Netscape at $5 billion -- I never believed it would
happen in the first place.  If I walked outside and saw the skies filled
with pigs, and then you asked me when pigs will stop flying, I'd have to
say, "I don't know."  It's a lot easier to answer, "when will pigs fly?"
than, "when will pigs stop flying?"
It seems likely to me that the bubble's going to pop one way or another,
but again, I don't really know what I'm talking about. But I don't think Netscape can approach their business that way anyway. The market is going to do what it wants, and all they can do is try to
sell browsers and servers. Clark's future is already assured.  So what if the bubble pops?  If
Netscape lost 90% of its value it would still be valuable.  The only time
$500 million doesn't look like an awful lot of money is when you compare
it to $5 billion. You're not seriously expecting Clark to expose himself to the risk of jail time, are you?
I agree with you that the government will lose a public debate about GAK and crypto export.  I just don't believe that defying the law is the way to go, more more accurately, that there's a snowball's chance in hell that Netscape would do it.
If you want to talk about what would pop the bubble the quickest, running around like a loose cannon and defying the law would have to be right up Your criticism of what I wrote is valid, to a certain extent.  I was
making general and simplistic arguments.  Sometimes they're the best
arguments.  Read the Contract with America or watch some of the "Why We
Fight" movies. And I'm not laying any claims to saying anything new here.  I'm not contributing anything in the way of analysis.  On the contrary, all I'm doing is pointing out the obvious.
There are two degrees of victory here.  The first is to have access to
strong crypto, legal or not.  That's already won.  If you've got a copy of
Applied Cryptography, you can pretty much do whatever you want.  There's a
lot of code out there, good tools exist and are easily aquired.  Sameer
has an apache ssl server that you can use instead of Netscape's commerce
server, and there are modified Mosaics that will talk to it. The battle we're fighting now is for legal access to strong crypto, and an
understanding on the part of the government that software engineers ought
to be able to build strong and secure international systems without
You want some more platitudes?  The export restrictions on crypto are bad for business and they're not going to prevent the bad guys from communicating securely.  The genie is out of the bottle.
Crypto is rapidly becoming a tool that's essential to the operation of
even the most mundane business.  It's simply unrealistic to treat crypto
as a munition in a day and age when (a) everyone knows how it works, (b)
there are many thousands of people all over the world who have the ability
to write good crypto code, and (c) you have to use crypto to conduct your
business. The ITAR, as it relates to crypto, is hurting America's ability to compete
in international markets.  As more commerce moves online the damage
inflcted by ITAR will intensify drastically.  If Netscape takes that
argument to the business community, they'll be supported, because it's
reasnable and because it's the truth.
This isn't just about Netscape.  It's going to affect Sun, AT&T,
Microsoft, Oracle, and countless smaller companies.  It's going to affect the ability of GM to communicate internationally without falling victim to corporate espionage.
We're not selling snake oil here.  The cypherpunk position on crypto is
good for companies like Netscape, it's good for the economy gererally, and
it's good for the political health and general well being of the republic.
I still believe this is the winning argument, and that both the public's and Netscape's interest will be served if they make it publicly and Go for it.  We're behind you 100%.

@_date: 1995-12-04 12:07:53
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: key escrow compromise 
I don't understand this attitude at all.
There is no constituency for GAK except for law enforcement.  Everyone else hates it.  There isn't any legal or constitutional basis for believing that GAK is unstoppable.
The more information people have about GAK the less likely it becomes, and more and more people find out about it every day.
Perhaps believing our opponents have unlimited power and influence adds to the romance of what we're doing here.  But it's not true.
This is winnable.

@_date: 1995-12-05 20:18:13
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
Thanks for the great summary, Pat.
This is why the 4 horsemen arguments aren't very convincing.
We often tend to view things in fairly black and white terms:  either we
have privacy or we don't.  But even with strong crypto, most people won't have security because they'll screw it up.  (Anyone who has ever been in charge of creating accounts for other people knows what kinds of passphrases people will pick.)  And even the most concientous among us are still going to be vulnerable to physical attacks on our hardware or more exotic attacks like tempest.
The real questions here are (a) how easy will it be to automate
surveillance, and (b) how much is surveillance going to cost, not (c) is
surveillance going to be possible at all?
No matter what happens with the law, determined people will be able to protect their privacy fairly well.  And no matter how strong the tools are, the government will be very often be able to penetrate the defenses by physically tampering with a machine, getting one correspondent to sell out another, or whatever.
Without crypto, the price of surveillance is going to drop through the
floor.  It's a lot easier to filter email for suspicious key words than it
is to analyse voice traffic on the telephone.  But with crypto, the price of surveillance is going to go way up.  Sticking with the status quo isn't an option.
I'd feel a lot better if surveillance became more expensive.  I don't have
much faith in our legal protections against government surveillance. Sure, they can't introduce evidence into court if it was obtained with an
illegal wiretap.  But if they learn something interesting, they can trump
up an "anonymous tipster" and get a court order.  Who's watching the
watchdogs to make sure they're following the law?  The exclusionary rule
isn't much comfort if it depends on the police admitting that they
violated my rights.  But how else would I know about an illegal government
wiretap? How much surveillance is really taking place?  Who knows.  I do know that
if it becomes 10 or 100 times more expensive than it is now, there will probably be a lot less of it.

@_date: 1995-12-06 01:15:34
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: The "Future" Fallacy 
Duncan Frissell quotes Bill Gates:
blancw responds:
Then Tim May says: I don't know what blancw was getting at, but I'll take up his side of the
argument.  Can good security really be automated so well that people will
have it without thinking about it? I create accounts at an ISP, and 90% of the people who walk in the door
pick terrible passpwords, even after listening to a little speech about
what makes a good one.  I'd be willing to bet that more than half the
people using PGP have passphrases that would fall quickly to a dictionary
attack. The child in billg's example might have a giant key sitting on the hard
drive, but it's either going to be sitting there in the clear or protected
by a passphrase.  Will the child pick a good passphrase?
One of the most important arguments we can make against government control
of crypto is that the claims of impenetrability are being oversold on both
sides of the debate.  If the NSA wanted my PGP key badly, they'd have it
and I wouldn't know it.  I can think of lots of ways they could get it,
and I'm not nearly as clever as they are.
Good algorithms and protocols aren't enough:  you need good human
discipline.  The best software in the world won't help me if my passphrase
is "alex1" -- and that's what 25% of the people named Alex will set it to,
providing that you impose the restriction that passphrases must have a
non-alphabetic character.
There's an enormous difference between the amount of care that people in
the intelligence business and casual crypto users take with keys.  Are the
spooks wasting time and energy?  I don't think so -- that's what it takes to minimize your risks.  Do I do it?  No.  If someone swapped my pgp binary, I'd never know it.
Crypto won't protect us absolutely from surveillance, but it will do a very good job of protecting us from automated surveillance.  Right now, phones are wiretapped for next to nothing.  If I have a friend who sells drugs and I speak with him on the phone frequently, I can get on the list.  If they hear something on my phone that keeps them interested, another friend of mine can get put on the list as well.  It spreads like a viral infection.
That's the sort of thing crypto will put a stop to.  If they want my key, they'll be able to grab it.  But it won't be practical for them to grab the keys of the ten people I correspond with most just because they coreespond with me.

@_date: 1996-01-04 04:21:59
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Compuserve *hasn't* banned newsgroups 
And if the feds come knocking on Sameer's door, the refugees can go to the
Netherlands or some other country with respect for privacy. When netscape
releases an official, untimed browser with ssl news and mail built in, one
that lets users pick their own CAs, we'll have reached escape velocity. I think this all comes back to anarchy.  Anarchy as it relates to
cyberspace isn't a political ideology or a vision of how things ought to
be.  Rather it's a realistic analysis of the net dynamic as it is, a
natural and almost unavoidable consequence of the interaction of the
market and the technology.
Our opponents' position is weak, despite their having the massive power of
the government behind them.  In order for them to pull out a victory,
they'll have to impose extraordinarily draconian restrictions on crypto
very quickly, and they'll have to do it in the face of overwhelming public
opposition as well as strong resistance from business.  On top of that,
they'll have to secure an unprecented degree of international cooperation
to enforce rules net wide, something that's probably going to prove
impossibly difficult for them.  Again, they've got to do this quickly,
because genies are popping out of bottles all over the place. It's not impossible for them to pull this off, but I think the smart
money's with us.

@_date: 1996-01-04 04:50:22
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Starting an e-cash bank 
Is it necessary to be called a bank?  I've got a storefront in Chicago.  What would prevent me from opening up a Mark Twain account and buying and selling ecash on floppies, in person?  Do account holders have to agree not to do that before Mark Twain gives them an account?  Is it illegal?
The currency exchange model almost seems more appropriate for most users
than the bank model.

@_date: 1996-01-07 02:12:10
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Revoking Old Lost Keys 
Isn't the last bit here, the part about duration and meaning, the practical answer to the problem?  Especially duration?
The stuff that's been going on lately with Netscape's browsers, Sameer's
apache ssl server, and the difficulty of getting CAs like verisign to
approve keys underscores the importance of this issue.
This is probably sort of half-baked, but is it possible to come up with a formal grammar that would allow us to describe trust models in general?  What if we had a prolog-like system that allowed you to set up rules like:
"x is a student if x has got a signature from a school" "x is a school if x has got a signature from the accredation authority"
"x belongs to the secret society of x has signatures from 3 other people
who have belonged to the society for more than a year, and if x is a certified owner of a duck."
Wouldn't something like this give us the flexibility to use a PGPish model
of trust or an X.509ish model, or whatever else we wanted to do?
It seems to me that the rules that govern when you can accept which signature ought to be data objects in a more flexible system, just as the signatures themselves are data objects.  That means that the rules themselves ought to be subject to change, revokation, or revision.  The constitution wouldn't have survived if it didn't contain a mechanism for ammendment.  Wouldn't a model of trust with the same ability for revision and extension be a lot more robust, and a lot more resistent to centralized control?

@_date: 1996-01-07 22:04:34
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: NSA says strong crypto to china?? 
If this is true, it's great news.  It would mean that the NSA is adopting
both cypherpunk analysis and tactics.  Who would have thought?  An NSA remade in Tim May's image.
The NSA is a big organization with a lot of people in it.  It could be that the people in charge of thinking about Chineese dissidents are far removed from the people who think about domestic crypto.
I'm skeptical about this story, but it would be a sensible policy for us
to pursue.  But not just with dissidents, and not just in China.  We ought
to try to create an environment in which people who want to do business
need to have access to strong crypto in order to interoperate with the
rest of the world.  Pump high quality free tools out to the world, and
push for solid standards for encrypted communications.  And make sure those Chineese and Iraqi dissidents always have a safe way to post We're already living in a world in which it's necessary to give people
computers if you want them to be competitive economically.  Let's try to
make giving people computers the functional equivilant of abandoning any
hope of making censorship work.
I doubt they're interested in doing this, but I don't understand why.  It's a sensible policy.  Can you imagine what would happen to freedom and privacy around the world if the NSA went cypherpunk?  In the space of a month they could eliminate the possibility of totalitarianism world

@_date: 1996-01-08 00:51:18
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "trust management" vs. "certified identity" 
This is very interesting stuff -- a big improvement, I think.
I have the impression that pm might look a little bit like an sql server. Is that in the ballpark?  Feeding pm an assertion might be analagous to
giving an sql server a command that defines a table, and a pm query might
be similar to an sql command that queries a database.  Whether or not
someone (some key) is allowed to change the assertions would be governed
by assertions that are already in place. Or are things going to be setup so that a querying application (like a mailer) will feed pm all the information it needs, including assertions, each time a query is made?
Although the name of the paper is "decentralized trust management", it
seems to me that the ability to implemenent centralized trust management
schemes would be useful for pm.  Centralized trust management has a lot
going for it as long as no one's being forced to accept it.  I would
expect that in a large organization the rules as well as the identities of
the players would change frequently.  Someone will decree that level j is
no longer sufficient to authorize purchase orders for $5000 or less, level
j+1 will be required in the future.
One advantage of the sql style server is that an organization's trust
manager could implement these changes for lots of work stations centrally,
independently of specific applications (ie., changes could affect all A particular pm server on a workstation might know about different trust
models from different organizations.  Someone who reads cypherpunks at
work might have a set of assertions that his company's trust manager can
modify, a set of assertions about cypherpunks that Eric can modify, and
another set of assertions about personal correspondence that only the
server's owner can modify.  The server's owner could always do anything he
wanted -- an assertion that says a specific owner key can do anything
would be hardcoded into the system.
Does this make sense?

@_date: 1996-01-08 05:46:26
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: NSA says strong crypto to China? 
I know I'm out of step with most of you on this point, and it could very
well be that I'm incredibly naive.  But I don't necessarily look at the
NSA as an enemy.  Right now we're on opposite sides of an important issue,
and I think they're doing a lot of damage.  But I tend to think that they
believe what they're doing is in the national interest.  They're trying to defend democracy -- our democracy, at least.
Right now we're in a position to impose the first ammendment on the entire
world.  Not through a political process or a military attack, but rather
with anarchy.  (Anarchy as Tim has described it.)
That's what this list is all about:  we're trying to impose certain civil
liberties on the world using a strategy that's based on anarchy theory. That theory tells us that if we can distribute tools and establish
standards we'll secure privacy and free speech rights regardless of what
governments do.  That's a very startling idea, and I believe it's sound. I believe that it's possible to impose the first ammendment on the entire
world by distributing crypto software.
So the question we ought to be putting to the NSA is this:  isn't it in
the best interest of the United States and the other capitalist Western
democracies to impose the first ammendment on the rest of the world? I don't see how anyone could argue that it isn't.
Look at who our adversaries are in the world today.  North Korea, Iraq,
etc.  Would any of those regiemes be able to survive if their citizens
were able to safely critique their governments publicly?  Is there any
country in the world we can't get along with that allows ideas to flow
freely? What are we giving up if we do this?  Does anyone believe that strong crypto is beyond the reach of anyone who really wants or needs it?  Will terrorists not have access to secure communications because our government won't let Netscape sell them an ssl web server?  It's an absurd argument.
I don't think the NSA is out to suppress our liberties.  They're trying to
protect the nation.  Their problem is that they're operating under an old,
obsolete paradigm.  They're fighting for something that's simply not
achievable:  crypto is out of the box, and no one's going to put it back. Once you accept that fact -- and it is a fact -- you have to start
formulating tactics based on reality as it exists now.
Right now the NSA is trying to push us into sacrificing our liberty and
privacy to an unwinnable cause.  If they succeed (and I don't think they
will), they will have done something terribly destructive in this country
and we will have missed an extraorinary opportunity to effect substantive
political change in the world at large.  They are wrong and they are
dangerous.  But it is a mistake to think of them as evil, as people who will tell any lie to get what they want.
I don't expect the NSA to adopt the cypherpunk world view.  But it's too
bad, because they'd do an awful lot of good all over the world if they
did.  Totalitarianism depends upon censorship and control over the mass
media.  If the NSA turned on a dime today, they could eliminate the possibility of totalitarianism within the year.  Cypherpunks write code

@_date: 1996-01-11 01:56:40
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: When they came for the Jews... 
This is really unfortunate.
Many well intentioned people often forget that groups like the Nazis did
more than simply bombard the public with hate speech -- they suppressed opposing points of view.  The problem isn't that the haters were able to speak their minds, the problem was that the reasonable people were unable to respond.
Censorship is an essential component of totalitarianism, while free speech
is fundamentally incompatible with it. There is a marketplace of ideas, and our goal ought to be to make sure
that marketplace has integrity, that the rules are fair.  Anti-semitic
ideas aren't going to succeed in the marketplace because they're wrong,
which is to say that arguments which try to prove anti-semitic points will
always contain logical and factual errors.
Once you start interferring with the market by restricting what can be
said, you run into at least two important problems.  First of all, you
open yourself up to the possibility that some good ideas will be unable to
emerge from the debate.  The nazis suppressed speech, for example, and solid arguments against their positions weren't able to emerge.
The second problem is more subtle, and it happens all the time in this
country:  people lose confidence in the market.  I've spoken with people
who believe, for example, that black people are inherently dumber than
white people.  If you ask these people for proof, they say that it's being
suppressed.  In a sense they're right:  arguments that blacks are dumber
than whites are suppressed, not by law, but informally.  But *proof* isn't
being suppressed, because proof doesn't exist.  The suppression of
arguments gives people an out in their own minds, and it allows them to
cling to some silly notions.  Supression of an argument also ends up
eliminating the rebuttal, and when you're dealing with hate speech the
rebuttal is always more powerful than the argument.
If you can win a fair fight, why do you need to cheat?

@_date: 1996-01-11 04:31:18
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Net Control is Thought Control 
[a lot of good stuff deleted]
I agree with everything you said.
It seems to me that the simplest way to describe crypto anarchy is to say
that it's the observation that technological change is going to make
certain kinds of rules -- like our current tax and censorship laws --
nearly impossible to enforce.  The analysis makes sense to me, and I'm
inclined to believe that the crypto anarchy predictions will be borne out. Censorship is rapidly becoming technically infeasible.
That doesn't mean that attempts to censor the net won't be mounted, that they won't be damaging, and that people won't go to jail.  It just means that all of that ugliness will go down for nothing.
That's why it's important to try to educate people about the dynamics of
the net, and to try to persuade them that our analysis is accurate.  If
our government would simply look at things as they are with respect to
crypto, they would see that along with the inevitable loss of control there are a lot of opportunities and benefits, both politically and economically, to the new dynamic.
We ought to be trying to open up speech in countries like North Korea and Iraq with crypto tools.  We ought to make sure that American companies reap the benefits of the new financial tools that are coming down the pike.  And we ought to make sure that the software industry doesn't move overseas because our people aren't allowed to give their customers the crypto the market demands.
Our government's inability to accept reality on these issues is alreacy
costing business tens of billions of dollars each year, shipping jobs
overseas, and having a chilling effect on computer security resarch at
home and abroad (thereby exposing computer users to risks and damages they
might otherwise avoid).  Our own rights as citizens are being compromised,
and the arrival of free speech in other countries is being postponed
needlessly. For what?  So Sen. Exon and the NSA can tilt at windmills?
I wish the NSA would participate in these discussions publicly.  It
wouldn't even be necessary for them to do it as an institution.  Let's get some individuals from the NSA who agree with the agency's position out here to defend it.  Engage us in debate on the net.
Here's a challenge for the NSA:
Let's find a neutral third party, an academic or a journalist perhaps
(someone from CSPAN?), to moderate a newsgroup or a mail list so that
things won't degenerate into a shouting match.  We'll make a rule that
even posts that don't pass moderation will be published in a different
list, so that charges of biased moderation can be evaluated.
Tell us what you're trying to accomplish, why your goals are in the
nation's interest, and how your policy will accomplish those goals.  Then
let us challenge your arguments.  Let us explain what we're trying to
accomplish, why our goals are beneficial, and how our proposed policies
will accomplish those goals.  Then you guys can take your best shots at
us. Of course it's unthinkable that the NSA would accept such a challenge. But if you think about it, it shouldn't be.  These are important issues --
they affect our civil liberties and our wallets.  This is a democracy. And if the NSA believes in the strength of its position, it ought to have
enough confidence to defend it in public.

@_date: 1996-01-13 08:40:53
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
PRZ's experience underscores the importance of support from large
institutions like MIT and AT&T.  It's a lot easier to push around an
individual who doesn't have a lot of money or clout than it is to push
around MIT. We need a large sponser who is willing to run a more ambitious crypto
archive.  If an institution like MIT hosted a more generalized site where
people could distribute code, it would go a long way towards thawing out
the chill the government's managed to create by harassing PRZ. I know it took a lot of negotiating for MIT to set up the PGP distribution
site.  But now that they've provided a home for PGP, how much more risk
would they be taking on if they added other crypto software to the
archive?  Would exporting other crypto software violate ITAR more
significantly than exporting PGP would?
The government's policy doesn't prevent crypto from spreading around the
world, but it does discourage a lot of people from distributing code they've written or modified.  That's the point of the policy, and from their point of view it's probably a big success.
It would be a big win if we could come up with a system that would allow
anyone to contribute code in relative safety.  It would be the difference between having a lot of hand waving discussions about protocols and developing real tools.  The groundwork is already there -- good crypto libraries exit.  There's a lot of interest.  We'd probably see an explosion of ideas and code if people weren't being intimidated.
Even though it's possible for almost anyone to set up an archive that
imposes the same sorts of rules as the MIT archive on downloaders, it's
not the same thing.  If Alice puts code up in MIT's archive, it's hard for
the government to come at Alice without taking on MIT at the same time. Alice didn't export the code;  she gave it to MIT.  If they come after
MIT, they know it will lead to lots of press coverage.  People pay
attention to what MIT has to say about technology, and if MIT says that
it's important for people to be able to work on crypto code, it's going to
carry a lot of weight.  If I put up an archive, they can grind me out with legal fees in no time at all;  MIT isn't so vulnerable to that kind of an attack.
The point of the government's policy is to create a chilling effect on
development.  That's what we ought to fight against.  Our position is
similar to that of a little kid in grade school who's getting beat up by a
bully every day.  We need to make friends with a big guy who can keep the
bully off our back.

@_date: 1996-01-17 10:33:01
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: pgp broken? 
There's a store here in Chicago that sells surveillance equipment.  I had driven by it for years and never gone in, and a few weeks ago I finally gave in to curiosity and checked it out.
One of the things they were selling was a $100 floppy disk labeled "public key encryption".  Is that like PGP?  "No, this is much better.  PGP can be broken, this uses DES."  (DES isn't a public key algorithm, of course, and it's no longer considered secure.)
There have been hundreds of reports like yours throughout PGP's short
history.  They're always second hand, and there's never any information
about the specifics of the attack.  It's hard to take such reports What do you mean when you speak of "breaking PGP"?  Decrypting a single
message?  Forging a single signature?  Producing a private key from a
public one?  Figuring out a way to make one of those other problems easier
by exploiting a weakness in PGP's implementation?  A new attack on RSA,
IDEA, or MD5?  Coming up with a technique for factoring big numbers?
I'd be willing to bet that most people -- literally, more than half -- who
use PGP have made the mistake of picking a weak passphrase.  If I'm right
about that, it would mean that an awful lot of people who think they have
security don't.  If you pick a weak passphrase, your key could fall to a
dictionary attack.  But that's a problem with the user, not PGP.
It's most likely that the person who told you that PGP had been broken was
mistaken.  If there's anything at all to the story, chances are
overwhelming that he was referring to a successful dictionary attack
against a single key.  A lot of people seem to feel a little uneasy about
MD5, which PGP uses to make signatures;  perhaps some super spook has put a dent in that.
Anything is possible.  It's only "Pretty Good" privacy.
But you can rest assured that if credible evidence that PGP has been
compromised ever emerges, you won't have to go digging around for it.  It
will be all over the net and the traditional media.

@_date: 1996-01-20 05:17:37
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Espionage-enabled Lotus notes. 
A couple of days ago there were reports that the NSA was considering easing up a bit on export restrictions.  Is the Lotus Notes approach what they were talking about?
I suppose it's a good thing that they're starting to see the value of at
least paying lip service to relaxing the rules, but that's all this is,
lip service.  It's the worst of both worlds, the security of a 40 bit key
with the spectre of gak thrown in to boot.

@_date: 1996-01-20 01:21:01
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Netscape and NSA 
Let's not get carried away here.
Netscape's done a lot for privacy, and every indication we have is that
they'll continue to do so.  They've introduced strong crypto to the
consumer software market for the first time.  Giving users control over CAs says a lot about where Netscape is coming from -- it's an obscure thing for which there was no public demand, and which might hurt Netscape's position by opening up the market to competitors.  But it destroys the choke point which would have made it possible to impose GAK.
Our interests and Netscape's interests coincide.  Netscape needs to export
strong crypto to be competitive in the global marketplace.  As a consequence, Netscape has been making public statements pushing for unrestricted exports of strong crypto.  I have no doubt that they're pushing hard for the same thing in private discussions with government Where do people think things like the recent statements from Ron Brown
come from?  Big companies -- like Netscape -- have ongoing dialogues with
the Commerce Department, and apparently they've been pushing for exports. In and of itself that statement wasn't much -- nothing has changed.  But
it's a sign that the tide is turning.  Parts of the government are
starting to admit that we're right, and that giving people free access to strong crypto is in everyone's best interest.  That's important.
But at the same time, it's important for companies like Netscape and Lotus to know that we'll do everything we can to make it painful to back down on these issues.  What Lotus is doing is wrong, and we have to do whatever we can to make their decision painful to them.  It's absolutely essential that we do whatever we can to make the right decision less painful than the wrong one.
We don't have a lot of options in terms of strategy.  An immediate,
strong, and strident negative reaction may not be the best weapon imaginable, but it's one of the only ones we've got.  To those of you who work for these companies, and who are pushing for what's right -- don't take it personally.  We have to do it.
The Lotus approach is totally unacceptable.  A 64 bit key is only a 40 bit
key when your opponent already has 24 bits, and a 40 bit key just isn't
good enough.  But Lotus' plan is much worse than another plan which only
provides 40 bits of security.
Anything that involves government storehouses of keys is extremely
dangerous.  Lotus is doing everyone a big disservice when they pretend
that this is a step forward.  It's gak, and it's not just a proposal
anymore -- it's real this time.  This is the first wave of guys hitting
the beach.
Netscape is never going to convince everyone that they're on the right
side.  Some people will never trust a large company, no matter who works
there or what the company does.  But by widening the scope of its public efforts on behalf of privacy, Netscape could generate a lot of good will and do a lot of good for its own interests (and its bottom line) as well.
It would be good for everyone if Netscape took a more aggressive political
stand for free access to strong crypto.  How?  Expand the crypto coverage
on Netscape's web server.  Hire a full time person to write about crypto
technology and issues.  Put a link to the site on the Netscape home page. Netscape's home page links are the most visible on the net -- use them. Get together with companies like Sun and Microsoft to form a lobbying and
publicity organization similar to the Tobacco Institute.  (I know that's a
bad example -- many people think the Tobacco Institute is an evil
organization.  But it's a good tactic.)
I'm personally a little frustrated by the timidity of industry's response.  I don't understand it.  Netscape's interests are clear, their voice is loud, and their resources are vast.  Where's John D. Rockefeller when you need him?

@_date: 1996-01-20 03:16:58
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "cybertage" 
I think this is a bad idea.  We should be moving away from demonization, not towards it.  We are right, and they are wrong.  The good thing about being right is
that logic and the facts will bear us out.  Let's use rational arguments,
not name calling.  Save the nasty names for another fight when you're
wrong and the other guy is right.  We should build a case to show that everyone -- including those who
disagree with us -- will be better off if we win.  It's the truth, so we
ought to be able to come up with good arguments.
Unfettered access to strong crypto is in everyone's intrest.  It's good
for business and it's good for civil liberties and freedom around the
world.  These are not complicated things to grasp.  If we get our message
out there, we will win.
Lotus has made a mistake.  Their gak plan won't reassure international
customers, which is to say it won't do what they want it to do.  So why do
it?  Instead of calling them names, let's explain why it was a bad idea. Let's try to explain to Lotus customers why it's a bad idea.  If we can do
that, we'll get a response.

@_date: 1996-01-24 01:24:45
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Blacknet & Lotus Notes 
This sentiment is why this is such a clever move on the part of the There are a number of problems with the Lotus plan.
First of all, 40 bits isn't secure.  That's what international users have,
not 64 bits, and it's just not good enough.  International Notes customers know it, we know it, Lotus knows it, and the government knows Second of all, any restriction on algorithms and key lengths is
unacceptable.  People and businesses have the right to protect their
privacy.  American software companies have to be able to deliver privacy
if they want to remain competitive in the global market.  It's essential that the government acknowledge these facts.
Finally, this agreement sets a very dangerous precdent.  The government is
holding keys and compelling people to "trust" them.  This is real, live gak.  You're right -- in a sense no one's any worse off than they would be with 40 bit keys.  But in another sense, there's a slippery slope problem here.  Gak is absolutely unacceptable in any way, shape, or form.  It's completely beyond the scope of what the government ought to be doing.  If we sit by idly while they set up the comparatively toothless gak, it will make things that much easier for them when more ambitious gaks come down the pike.
We need to do whatever we can to convince international customers that Notes isn't secure.  And we need to make Lotus understand why this deal isn't in anyone's interest.

@_date: 1996-01-24 07:07:59
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
I've wondered why they don't do this as well.  For people around the world
in general, it would be a very good thing.  But what kind of an effect
would it have on this country?  What if they decide it's easier to fire
Jeff and hire some Dutch guy instead?  Would the government decide that
the export ban was pointless and lift it?  Or would they stand by as big
chunks of our software industry are lost to foreign competitors? Remember this is the government we're talking about, the people who destroyed a villiage in order to save it.
It seems to me that loss of jobs is inevitable if the rules aren't
changed.  But I'm not sure it's a good thing to accelerate the process. I'm not sure it's not, either -- both options are unpleasant. There's probably a big opportunity here for some enterprising cypherpunk
who's willing to move to Amsterdam (or who lives there already).  Set up a
company that provides crypto guts and distribution services for American
software companies. Stand alone computers are becoming less useful and less common all the time.  Networking is a fact of life in the computer industry.  If you're doing networking you have to think about security, and if you're serious about security you have to use crypto.  A software industry that can't deploy crypto without hindrance is living on borrowed time.  We in America are extremely vulnerable to flight.  We will lose jobs and
market share if we don't change our policies.  Because other countries
will deploy crypto, our polices will be completely ineffective in
preserving the government's ability to do surveillance.  What's the point? It would be very interesting to see what would happen if Netscape
announced that it's considering moving its crypto operations overseas in a
year if the export restrictions aren't lifted.

@_date: 1996-01-24 10:27:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
I'm outta step here, I know, but it seems to me that if we're going to go
around advocating anonymity and technology that makes censorship
impossible we'd better grow thicker skins. Phil changed the world.  Maybe not as much as people like Roosevelt or
Reagan, but a lot more than most people do.  He wrote a software package
that's in wide use, and which has lots of admirers.  He used technology to
effect positive political changes around the world -- noteworthy both for
the effect and the ingenuity of the strategy.  And he stood up under a
personal attack from the government.  They came at him, but he took it and
won. Everyone who does something extraordinary gets hit with pot shots.  It's part of the package.
Is it a terrible thing that someone called him a name in print?  Yes.  If he's got a case, he should sue.  But something tells me he's tough enough to take it either way.
And because it's wrong?

@_date: 1996-01-25 05:30:49
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
But what would they restrict?  The use of strong crypto between two
domestic points, or strong crypto where one end is within the US and the
other without?  We already have the former -- wouldn't it be hard for them
to take it away?  Especially if the software already has a large installed
base, which is your premise?
I'm not denying that there are people in the NSA who would want to react that way, but I don't think they'd be able to pull it off.
It is true that the National Security establishment has a lot of power and influence here.  But there are other groups with power as well, and the security types don't have the ability to do whatever they want without regard to the opinions and interests of those other groups.
I think America's commercial interests will carry the day.
The NSA isn't capable of achieving its objective, which is to preserve
passive surveillance.  It doesn't matter what the rules are or what
Congress passes.  It's over.  There are a lot of smart people in the NSA,
and some of them have to know that.
Big companies like Netscape, Sun, Microsoft, and IBM/Lotus, on the other
hand, will almost certainly achieve their objectives if they win the
political fight.  They'll make buckets of money selling crypto software
abroad.  And if they lose the fight, they're going to be handing big
opportunities to foreign competitors. Who's going to fight harder?
You add to that the fact that impartial observers will say, for the most
part, that Netscape's right and the NSA is wrong, and the tremendous interest world wide in creating a trustworthy net based infrastructure for commerce, and the NSA starts to look a good poker player with a bad They used to say that "what's good for General Motors is good for the country."  A lot of people still feel that way about our biggest companies.  When they get their acts together and stare down the NSA in a block, it will all be over.
I feel a little strange about constantly playing the corporate shill here. I'm not a corporate person, and all of the companies I talk about here
would probably find me unsuitable for employment.  I'm certainly not going
to participate in the crypto profits that they'll realize.  My interest in
this isn't the same as Netscape's.  But it's going to be Netscape that
pushes this thing over the top. Crypto is a big tent issue.  Some people want the restrcitions eased so
they can make money, some are afraid of the government, some want to
protect civil liberties, some love the math and technology, and others just want to thumb their noses at Mr. Freeh.  I want to see censorship become technically infeasible.  There's very
little popular support for that position among the general public; everyone wants censorship as long as they agree with the censor.  Arguing
for crypto from the vantage point of a civil libertarian is pointless. Even here on cypherpunks the bill of rights doesn't get much respect. The point is that the only guy in the big tent with any clout at all is
the corporate manager.  When the kids get together on the street and
protest net censorship, does anyone care?  Is a militia movement argument
going to play in Peoria?  (I think those are counter productive -- at
times I've been scared enough by them to re-examine my own position.)
I agree with Noam Chomsky when he says that corporate interests dominate
our politics, but I also agree with Milton Friedman when he says its for
the best. We should focus our efforts on energizing corporate America for the fight. The best way to do that is to demonstrating to customers that exportable
security is nothing more than snake oil under the current rules.  Another
way it is to explain to people -- journalists and managers alike --
exactly why the current rules are bad for business.  Lets develop and
popularize arguments against the NSA position, not radical or esoteric
arguments, but the kind of arguments that sensible people who go to work
and read the paper every day can repeat to one another when they talk
about politics. If we can get this stuff onto the editorial page of the WSJ -- which is where it belongs -- we'll be in spitting distance of a victory.

@_date: 1996-01-26 03:54:42
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: mouse droppings 
Is Mr. Irving one of the people responsible for the recent positive statements coming out of Commerce?

@_date: 1996-01-27 04:48:16
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
It's extrememely difficult (impossible?) to come up with ideological
principles which can't be used as a logical basis for stupid, dangerous,
and even suicidal proposistions. That's why ideology always has to be tempered with pragmatism.  In school I was accused of anti-intellectualism when I made this point, and I'm sure someone will say that to me again, eventually.  "There are more things under Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of
in your philosophy."
No matter what your political or economic theory says and how solid it
seems, you are never relieved of your duty to keep your eyes open, of
trying to evaluate in simple human terms the effects of policy on the
people around you.  This is where privacy and free speech ought to be
defended. Perry is right, people shouldn't be reading each other's mail, and the government shouldn't be able to either.  I'm not sure I could justify that with a rigorous logical argument built from a handful of axioms concerned with the nature and role of democratic government, natural law, or whatever else it was that John Locke was all hopped up on.  (No disrespect to Locke intended.)
I don't need a political theory to tell me that it's in my best interest
to have privacy, and neither do most other people.  Everyone wants privacy

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:39:43
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
There's a lot I don't know about the NSA, Tim's original post in this
thread reminded me of that.  I don't know if they'll continue to be
successful supressing crypto -- perhaps (probably?) I've underestimated
them. But I think networking is creating an enormous commercial demand for strong crypto that didn't previously exist.  It's one thing to suppress an esoteric technology that few people feel the need for;  it's quite another to suppress a reasonably well understood technology that everyone feels they need to run their businesses.
The NSA is powerful, but so are commercial interests.  I tend to think that the money will win out in the end, but I have to admit that I don't know enough about the NSA to have a serious opinion.
Why aren't foreign companies flooding America with strong crypto?  Well, there are clearly pressures of the sort Tim described at work.  But there are other factors as well:
o	Crypto has only recently become useful/necessary to lots of
o	Crypto isn't at the top of the list of factors when people pick
o	Most foreign countries aren't wired as well as we in the US are.
These factors are short lived, and they're not going to keep crypto out of
America forever.  (That doesn't mean the NSA can't -- although I don't think they can.)
Digicash is probably the first significant crypto product to be exported
to America.  It's not very popular yet, but I think that most of us here
agree that it is, in potential at least, as significant as
Mosaic/Netscape.  It's important to note that this extremely important
product couldn't have been produced here, patents aside.  Transaction
systems need to be international, and our rules make America an unsuitable
place from which to launch tranaction software.
Will the NSA be able to stand up against growing economic pressures?  I don't know.  But it does seem pretty clear that those pressures are building all the time, and that the problem of supressing crypto in 1996 is a much tougher one than it was in 1986.
In general, it's myopic and ill advised to focus on one factor -- economics, politcs, the national security establishment -- when trying to predict what will happen.  I've probably been guilty of placing too much emphasis on money, and not enough on the NSA.
We do seem to be winning, though.

@_date: 1996-01-28 09:25:04
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Denning's misleading statements 
(Tim May said:)
This is interesting.
My theory is that they know they can't win a fair and open debate, so they
force us to fight straw men and try to bamboozle politicians with
ritualistic secret briefings.  The secrecy adds credibility to weak
arguments and heads off those of us who would try to point up the flaws in
them.  You can't critique what you haven't seen.
I think that one of the planks of the pro-crypto platform ought to be a call for the NSA to explain and defend their position publicly, and to engage in a dialogue on a moderated mail list.

@_date: 1996-01-29 03:18:10
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Netscape, CAs, and Verisign 
I'm a big fan of Netscape and their products, and I think they do a good job of addressing the interests of their customers and the public at large with respect to crypto issues.
But it's starting to become apparent that there's a fairly serious problem
with Certification Authorities and SSL.
The problem is simple enough:  sites with certificates from one of the CAs
that are preconfigured in Netscape have a tremendous advantage over sites
with certs from other CAs, and it's expensive and difficult to get a cert
if you're running an alternative server like ApacheSSL. This problem is going to get a lot worse when X509 client authentication becomes more popular.
Netscape needs to address the situation.  It's just not practical or
desireable for one company (Verisign) to have a stranglehold on
certificates. I'd like to see a less centralized CA that's tied into the existing system
of notaries.  The idea is to make it necessary to spoof a notary in order
to spoof the CA.  That won't make spoofing the CA impossible (nothing
will), but it will make spoofing the CA illegal. A notary could apply to the CA for the right to work as an agent, for a
nominal fee (<$100/year).  Only notaries could be agents.  If a person
wants a certificate, they'd come in and present ID and a key to the
notary/agent.  The person would have to present a form document stating
that he's requesting the cert.  The notary would stamp the form and affix
a signature to the key which would enable it to be processed automatically
by the CA. Fees for the whole procedure ought to be less than $30.  The CA ought to
operate off of the fees from the agents as a non-profit organization, and
the agents ought to keep the fees paid by the people requesting the
Would any of the lawyers on the list be willing to comment on whether or
not it's possible or practical to tie a CA into the notary system?  Does
anyone have any thoughts as to how difficult/risky spoofing my CA is
compared to spoofing Netscape or Verisign? I could put up a server and I think I know a laywer who would help me set
up a non-profit organiation on a shoestring, but I don't want to do it if
the plan is impractical.  Morevover, although I don't think it's reasonable to expect Netscape to
agree to include a non-existent CA in their browsers sight unseen, at the
same time it doesn't seem smart to sink money into setting up the CA
without some indication from Netscape that they're willing to give the
idea good faith consideration.

@_date: 1996-01-29 11:13:24
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: The Unintended Consequences of Suppression 
It's usually more effective to point out why what someone is saying is
wrong rather than to speculate as to what their motives for saying it
might be.

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:14:10
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: pgp on linux 
I like anonymity as much as the next guy, but if you're asking for help it's not really appropriate -- lots of disinterested people are going to read this, when they really shouldn't have to.
The place to ask about pgp is alt.security.pgp.  If you post there, try to say what happened when you attempted to compile the program.
Before you post anywhere, try grabbing the .tar.gz version instead of the .zip version -- there are some case sensitive file names that munge on linux in the .zip version.  The other ought to compile out of the box.

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:41:37
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: RC2 code on sci.crypt 
On sci.crypt Bruce said it was a crummy algorithm...
Can anyone talk a little bit about it, what it's been used for, what makes it weak/strong, etc.?

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:12:23
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: your bogus post 
I don't think you can make a hard and fast rule about this sort of thing. The problem isn't just marketing hype.  The problem is that the claims fv
is making about competing systems border on misrepresentation. When a company does something you believe is unethical, what do you do?  It depends on how much better their product is than the other guys', how badly you need it, and how offensive you find their actions.
I'm not as bothered by the incident as many here are;  I tend to attribute
it to panic on their part as it becomes increasingly clear that credit
card numbers transmitted via ssl web servers will be the first standard
for online commerce.
Marketing is important, and it can do a lot for a compnay.  But I don't
think it will be able to prop up fv over the long run.  Suppose you want
to buy some information off of a web page.  You can either give your cc
number via ssl, or go out and create a fv account, then come back and buy whatever it is you wanted.  Which one are you going to do?

@_date: 1996-01-11 18:05:57
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
I wish I could make another of my pollyannaish posts now, but I agree with
Sameer.  It's great that Phil's off the hook, but there's nothing to stop
them from doing the same thing to someone else tomorrow.  What's more,,
everyone here knows that, and so the government gets what it really wants: a chilling effect on crypto development. How much credit do you give a guy when he stops beating his wife?  They
put Phil through the ringer, made him spend his money on lawyers, and
added a lot of stress to his life.  But they haven't admitted that they
were wrong, and they haven't renounced such actions in the future.
We're all very happy that Phil's out of the woods, and today's
announcement is a great thing.  But it's not enough.

@_date: 1996-01-14 13:25:30
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION... 
Aha, at last some cypherpunk relevance. Would the post have been ok if it
had been signed? Anonymity isn't the issue, content is.  No one needs a reason or special
justification for anonymity -- we're entitled to it.  But we're also entitled to ignore people we don't want to communicate with, including anonymous people.
This is Eric's list, and he's entitled to make a rule that anonymous posts
aren't allowed, but he hasn't done so -- anonymous posts are ok.  If we
don't like Eric's rules, we're entitled to set up another list with
different rules on another server and post there.  And of course if you
don't like anonymous posts, you're entitled to skip them. Banning anonymity doesn't give you any protection at all from off topic
posts.  Check the archives if you don't believe me.

@_date: 1996-01-16 19:48:33
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: remarkable recent stories 
Banning crypto is stupid.
Banning crypto doesn't keep solid tools out of the reach of the four horemen.  More importantly, it won't put a dent in the underlying problems -- drug trafficking, money laundering, child pornography, or terrorism.  Anyone in America can buy any kind of drug at any time with almost no risk of arrest.  How much worse is crypto going to make The crypto rules in ITAR cost US businesses a lot of money.  They're not doing any good, and they're doing a lot of deomonstrable harm.  If we don't sell crypto abraod, other countries will.  We've got a choice:  we can export crypto code or crypto jobs.  Let's keep the jobs.
Demonization of anyone -- even the NSA -- ought to be avoided.  Remember when Jim Bidzos was evil incarnate?  It wasn't so long ago that
he was hassling with PRZ over the use of RSA in PGP.  Take a look at your
source trees for pgp, mixmaster, and the apache-ssl web server -- a lot of
good tools use rsaref. Why does Bidzos let us use rsaref?  Is it altruism?  I doubt it -- he
probably felt that it was in his best interests to maintain as much
control over his patents as he could.  Better to have everyone use rsaref
under a legitimate license than to have scofflaws ignoring your authority
all together.  If he had sued PRZ, what would he have gotten?  When you
give away PEM for nothing, what are your damages from a free PGP?  If you
go into court and PRZ wins, what then?  Anything can happen in court -- the patent could even get tossed out.
Bizdos gives away rsaref because it's in his interest to do so.  Adversaries become allies when common interests develop.
The NSA ought to flip on crypto exports because it's in the national
interest to do so.  Passive surveillance is dying, no one can keep it
alive, and we should stop trading jobs, rights, and dollars to prop it up.

@_date: 1996-02-06 08:05:49
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "PGP-Scape"? (was Re: Our "New Order") 
I think I must be missing something here.  Aren't you describing an SSL web server?  Different algorithms, but basically the same idea?
Netscape 2.0 is out for real -- everyone can now pick their certs.  GAK just got harder.

@_date: 1996-02-06 07:57:34
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: A Sign of the Future 
I'm not much for big conspiracy theories, but I like the little ones.
If this was really in Wired, do you think it was written before or after Tim dissed that magazine here?

@_date: 1996-02-09 04:05:18
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Degrees of Freedom 
Tim May said:
If you think in terms of content, you're right -- they all want different
and contradictory things.  But from another persepctive, they're all in
agreement:  they want to preserve their ability to censor and filter information and ideas, and they want to hold people accountable for writing and saying things which are forbidden.
The headers I clipped off of Tim's post might not be as farfetched as they seem at first.  What if they built a central storehouse of technical information that's accessible to all, transactional systems that facilitate international trade between member states, and left cultural and political content to the tyrants of the respective nations?  Everyone's can grab mechanical engineering info, and evryone can buy shoes from China, but Islamic users will have to rely on Islamic sources for world news and political commentary.  Differences in human languages are going to make the tyrants' job a lot easier -- how many Chineese speak Arabic?
They won't have to monitor each piece of data to affix attributes for
every petty jurisdiction.  All they'll need is a core of bland utilitarian
information that's open to all -- each country can produce and consume
whatever information it sees fit domestically.  And if everything is
verified with state issued digital signatures, anyone who steps over the
line can be imprisoned, tortured, or killed.
Suppose I'm an electrical engineer in Iraq.  I could have access to
non-political technical information that might be generated in China, and
I could buy chips produced in an Asian dictatorship online.  I can post to
technical groups, and what I write will be available to electrical
engineers all over the world.  I can post to religious/poltical groups,
and what I write will only be available to those in the Islamic world.  In
both cases, my signature is affixed to whatever I write, and I can be held
accountable.  The rules for the forums are different -- I can't say
anything about Islam in the electrical engineering group.  If I do, I'll
be punished.  But the same content would be perfectly acceptable in
another group that only goes out to the Islamic world.
I don't disagree that eventually such a plan will fail.  But centrally
planned economies competing with market driven ones will eventually fail
as well, and that didn't stop communism from casting a long dark shadow
over the second half of the century.  Is a laissez-faire response based on
an extremely promising but still untested analysis (ie., crypto anarchy)
What about companies with better images?  Like Sun, RSA, etc?  (I seem to remember reading that Sun was selling some hardware -- but my memory isn't good, and I could very well be wrong.)

@_date: 1996-02-11 11:18:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: China 
I recieved a few emails from people who tried to explain to me why the Chineese scheme isn't going to work.  I wouldn't go so far as to say I'm unconcered, but one point was sort of reassuring and probably ought to be brought out on the list.
The West isn't the Chineese government's main problem -- it's the Chineese people they have to worry about.  A firewall can't provide internal security -- all it can do, at best, is keep outsiders out.  Even assuming that they can pull that off -- and it's extremely unlikely that they can -- anything that lets Chineese people talk to each other and facilitates discussion is going to end up being far more subversive than any information we in the West can send into China.
(This point was made by Perry -- it probably lost something in the
As for India and China -- what should be done?  We tend to focus on things
that are within our field of vision.  CompuServe is an American company,
and when they cut out usenet groups in response to events in Germany, it
brought that country to our attention.
I would like to think that privacy activists and civil libertarians in
other countries would find allies and support in the US and European
countries like Finland and the Netherlands.  (We here in the states may
begin leaning on Dutch servers soon if the recently passed decency act is
enforced.)  If you need space on a web server, nntp access, a show of
solidarity -- let us know, and we'll try to deliver what you need.

@_date: 1996-02-11 16:48:11
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
What's the proper procedure for complaining about the assasination part of "AsPol"?
In general, it doesn't bother me when the list goes "off topic" -- I don't
read the stuff that doesn't interest me.  But when you start talking about
violence, you have to expect that people are going to react negatively. We have to say, "that's nuts" -- otherwise people will think that we're
unbalanced sociopaths. How much weight is Lotus going to give the opinions of a bunch of
unbalanced sociopaths when they're thinking about making deal to gak those
extra 24 bits?  Not much, I'll bet.  And what would happen if a murderous
thug held a press conference after cracking an exportable key?  Those
myopic journalists, rotten sons of bitches that they are, probably
wouldn't talk about the crypto at all.  "Why aren't you in jail?" --
that's the sort of thing you'd have to expect.  You could complain, but it
wouldn't do any good. "Listen.  I'm a working cryptographer, and I have a family to support.  In
order to take care of my kids, I have to get a job, and in order to get a
job I have to make my reputation.  How can I make my reputation if I can't
publicize my demonstration?  Everyone else is getting rich -- David
Sternlight and Dorothy Denning both have new condos, and Freeh just got
back from a luxury vacation at Disney World.  I don't want to get rich, I
just want to make a living.  So can we forget about the people I
assasinated and talk about the problems with these 40 bit keys?"
Deaf ears, that's what your words would fall on.  It would be like OJ and
his video all over again. I apologize in advance for not getting the joke if "AsPol", like Blacknet,
is tongue in cheek.  I haven't been following the topic closely.
I hope you're not serious.

@_date: 1996-02-15 19:02:10
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Netscrape's Cookies 
A good place to read about cookies is   I think there are pointers to cgi/perl stuff that manipulates them.
Cookies are very helpful for database and commerce applications.  I'm using them for a crude online store, as a way to let the web server keep track of who has what in their shopping basket.  Another way to solve the same problem (letting the server store state information) is to put data in the urls.  (ie., when you sign in, you get a page back that's generated on the fly, and all the links in that page have a session id embedded in the urls.)
Preserving state information is useful, and as it's been pointed out here,
the cookie only contains information that came from the web server in the
first place -- I don't see coookies as a major threat to privacy.  You
could even argue the other side (somewhat unconvincingly), that cookies
let you put more applications under the netscape/ssl umbrella.  As the web
grows more robust, a secure web means having stuff like secure
communications between workstations and db servers, etc.  Cookies make it
easier to do db applications. But in general, I'd like to see netscape adopt a system that lets people
know when information is going to be transmitted to a remote site.  It's
easy to grab someone's email address by seting up a form with only hidden
fields and trick people into submitting it by mail by clicking on a
button.  The ftp problem has been discussed here before, and addressed by The best answer would probably be to use the kind of pop-up messages you get when you're going to submit a secure or insecure form.  "You're about to send a cookie back to a web server, continue or abandon?"  "You're about to send mail from a web page, do you want to do that?"  Give people the ability to turn the messages off -- that way functionality isn't

@_date: 1996-02-17 05:14:53
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
Suppose you didn't trust the from fields in usenet articles, and you
wanted to index everything so that you could pull up articles that appear
to have been written by the same person.  How would you go about doing
this?  Would you set up n statistical measures for text, assign each
article an n-tuple, and look for points that are near each other? Isn't this a similar problem to indexing satellite photos or fingerprints?  How good are the spooks at doing that sort of thing?

@_date: 1996-02-20 05:51:05
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
It seems to me that the actual result of the Chineese experiment in net
censorship will probably be something in between what the Communist
government is hoping for and what some hard line crypto anarchists are
predicting.  Nets and good crypto tools aren't going to make it possible
for everyone in China with a pc to discuss any subject without fear of
government reprisal, but the new technology will almost certainly result
in a significant loss of control for the state. Censorship will persist in China, but evading it will be easier and safer
than it is now.  Nets being what they are, it will be easier for people to
organize, and discussions and debates will probably be more productive
than they are now.  The pressures of crypto anarchy might not be strong
enough to liberate China overnight, but they will exert a powerful and
steady force towards liberalization.  Once Chineese society has coexisted
with a vibrant black information market for a decade or two, making things legal will probably seem sensible to most people -- no one will expect the sky to fall if people are allowed to speak their minds.

@_date: 1996-02-20 08:04:48
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Remailers not heard from; info? 
Couple of problems:
o   Some of us -- like me -- like to use double dashes to separate text. The penet remailer used to drive me crazy, it always stripped off the
bottom of my posts.
o   Someone using a nym might want to use a sig.
o   Very few mailers make people use sigs -- usually just the ones on bbs's.  If people want to use crummy broken mailers, they ought to be willing to take the consequences.
o   Depending on a remailer to strip your sig doesn't give you security wrt
the remailer operator.  If you use encryption, the last remailer on the
chain will see your sig, which will be in the innermost encrypted block. That defeats the purpose of chaining.  If you're not using encryption, you don't have any security anyay.
A better solution might be a specialized remailer that strips sigs for people who need the service.  People who need sig stripping could put that remailer in the chain, and the rest of us could handle our sigs on our own.
I think we're moving more towards systems that require remailer clients (like mixmaster) anyway.

@_date: 1996-02-20 08:53:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
This is a a bad example:  drugs are a destructive, negative thing, and practical experience with them makes people wary.  Freedom, on the other hand, it a good thing and experience with it will bear that out.
Having said that, there is a lot of support for legal and non-violent ways
to distribute drugs.  I would be surprised if it doesn't happen in 20 or
30 years.
I'll have to defer to you on this -- I don't know the ins and outs of
commerce in Russia.  But my impression, as an uninformed layman, was that
the experience with illegal capitalist trading in the black market had
preceeded (and softened them up for?) legal capitalist transactions above
ground.

@_date: 1996-02-22 20:02:41
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "This is not Coderpunks--we don't need no steenking cryptography!" 
I'm sort of surprised that no one besides Tim seems to be bothered by
coderpunks.  The idea of a cliquish technical elite developing crypto code
out of the public eye isn't very cyberpunkish. But at the same time, we ought to keep a couple of things in mind.  First
of all, the problem that coderpunks was organized to solve is a real one

@_date: 1996-02-24 10:55:01
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: REM_ote 
This is the sort of bullshit that gets companies in trouble.  Netscape has
a good record of responding to and fixing security problems.  Why should
they feel the need to do spin control?  This borders on lying.
If the hole is there, hackers will distribute toolkits that will let even
comparitively unskilled people exploit it.  Here in Chicago, there is a
group of hackers that teaches organized classes on how to break into
systems, and they give their students toolkits.
Anything you can do with a computer can be automated.  If there's a difficult way to hack into a machine, someone can put it in a box that makes it easy.

@_date: 1996-02-25 07:36:30
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: REM_ote 
I apologize for the remark, it was out of line.  I don't know who she is,
or what she actually said, for that matter.
But the fact remains that these sorts of security problems were predicted
well before Java was widely deployed.  They're serious, and this isn't
going to be the last one.  An awful lot of people aren't going to patch
their copies of Netscape any time soon, either.
(A useful feature for Netscape might be a facility that checks
periodically to see if a security patch is in order, and displays a
warning if it is.)
Problems with security are a fact of life.  I've made embarassing mistakes
that compromised security for some of my users.  When that happens you
have to come clean, tell the truth, and fix the problem.  Don't try to
convince people that you didn't screw up, that the problem isn't serious. Don't say things that will encourage users to put off installing a
security patch.  And don't underestimate the ability of your attackers.

@_date: 1996-02-24 14:06:53
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: REM_ote 
Again, I apologize to Ms. Meuller and to Netscape.
In my opinion Netscape has a great track record of addressing concerns and
problems with its software.  Other companies would do well to use
Netscape's policy of addressing and correcting proven security problems,
instead of denying and downplaying them, as a model.

@_date: 1996-02-25 05:10:06
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: REM_ote 
I guess that I have confidence in Netscape because they have a history of responding to concerns posted here and elsewhere.  Security oriented configurability will be a good test -- I would be surprised if it doesn't come out soon.
What are we talking about specifically when we talk about security
oriented configurability?  Rather than just turning java(script) on and
off, wouldn't it be useful to piggyback off of the X.509 system that's
already in place?
For every CA's or server's cert, they'd just have to add two checkboxes:  whether or not to run java applets or javascript code from servers vouched for by those certs.  Is that what people mean when they talk about configurability, or just the ability to shut down java*script) all

@_date: 1996-02-26 13:28:37
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: X.509 certs that don't guarantee identity 
On the 23rd, Jeff Weinstein said this concerning the natural semi-anonymity of the net:
This has been bugging me since I read it.  I'm not sure I understand the plan;  it only makes sense to me if "anonymous" X.509 certs are issued for user authentication only, not for server authentication.  Is that what this is about?
(If anonymous certs are issued for servers, why should such a cert be treated any differently than one I generate on my own, which causes warning screens about an unknown CA to pop up?)

@_date: 1996-03-01 14:20:26
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
Sorry for the stupid questions, but I want to make sure I'm on the same page as the rest of you.  Correct me where I'm wrong --
The idea to have a distributed database (like DNS?) that allows you to
retrieve keys with query strings similar to urls.  So if you wanted to do
a secure telnet to host.foobar.com, you'd submit something like
"telnet://host.foobar.com" to the key server, and it would give you back a
key.  If you wanted to send mail to me, you'd submit something like "mailto://alex  Etc.
The key distribution system wouldn't address the problem of trust
directly, but the key you'd get back from the server would contain
information that you could use to verify it.  Suppose I get signed email from Perry.  The signature would contain something like "mailto://perrry -- I could use that to get Perry's key to verify the signature.  Along with Perry's key I'd probably get a signature from some entity that vouches for his key, maybe a piermont.com key.  I could follow the chain up until I hit an entity I trust.
If this is correct, I have a question:
What's the advantage of using this url type system instead of "fully
qualified" certificates, ie., attaching all the keys and signatures to the
object?  Doesn't the give and take with the key servers more than wipe out
the advantage of the smaller data object?
Does the win come from solving the revocation problem?
Finally, does anyone know if anything's been happening with Matt's key
management project?

@_date: 1996-02-13 21:40:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Firewall USA to Firewall China 
I guess I've gotten turned around on this -- last week I was arguing your But:  China's problem is internal, not external, and it's political, not sexual.  Let's assume that they can build a successful firewall -- despite the fact that the people here on this list who design and install such firewalls for a living don't believe that the Chineese plan is feasible.  Let's assume that they can prevent people from grabbing photos from playboy.com.  So what?
Who's in a position to formulate devastating criticisms of China's
government?  Americans?  Or people who live under the system and
understand it?  And what's subversive, anyway?  Breasts enhanced with
silicon and airbrushing, or plain honest talk about liberty and
government? Any net that lets the Chineese people publish and talk to one another is going to create problems for the government.
On top of that, the firewall isn't even going to keep out foreign traffic. The firewall model doesn't work for internal security -- it assumes that
the people on the inside are trustworthy, and it focuses on protecting the
internal net from people on the outside.  The Chineese have to deal with people on the inside trying to subvert the wall by building illicit links via telephone lines or satellite channels.
Let's put it another way.  Suppose a company has a strong firewall installed by a first rate security consultant.  If an employee who has access to the internal net puts a modem on his machine and lets anyone who wants to dial in and connect to the internal net, what good does the firewall do?  You can't come in over the Internet, but you can come in over a pots line.  Either way, you've got your access.
For what it's worth, I have a friend who just got a job with Apple's
operation in China.  According to him, Hong Kong is fully wired, but
mainland China only has about 5,000 net accounts outside of government or
acadamia.  All 5,000 of those accounts seem to be served by a single 64kbs
connection to the outside world, which suggests that they're email only.

@_date: 1996-03-04 15:06:30
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
There's an obvious solution to this problem.  Run a public remailer, and route your traffic through your own site.

@_date: 1996-03-11 00:18:27
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Not a good idea... 
I might be stretching things a bit, but couldn't you call a CA a "review service"?  Essentially instead of having a banned list, you have an "accepted list".
Right now, CAs seem to be all using the same narrow critera for putting someone on the accepted list -- knowledge about the identity of someone running the site.
If CAs are liable, then why not SurfWatch?  Or better yet, if SurfWatch isn't liable, then why should a CA be?
The problem of liability is a real one, at least with a protocol like
X.509.  Sites need to have certs to interoperate with the rest of the
world, and CAs seem to expose themselves to liability by issuing certs. That means that certs are going to cost money, or at least more than they
would otherwise.  And that could have a chilling effect on the widespread
deployment of crypto.
As was recently pointed out in another context, security is economics, and anything that adds cost to security means less security for everyone.  I think in general we ought to oppose laws which expand liability for things people do online;  liability can almost be viewed as another form of regulation.  A judgment against a tobacco company would probably have the same effect as an outight ban on cigarettes.
What's more, protocols which force authentiion on people who might only
want or need encryption aren't good.  With liability figured in
authentication costs a lot more money than basic encryption.  Say what you want about patents, the other main hurdle standing between us and really free crypto, but if we're willing to wait, they'll go away.
Our goal ought to be totally free access to crypto tools without legal
interferrence, cost (even for commercial applications), incompatibility
with dominant standards, or risk of liability.

@_date: 1996-03-09 07:46:29
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Not a good idea... 
(Sorry, this ends up rambling way off topic at the end... it turns into a rant about preinstalled CAs.)
But when did they make that representation?  Is such a representation
inherent in every CA?  If it is, doesn't that imply that the only reason
for a CA to exist is to provide trust for financial transactions?  It's clear (to me, at least) that there are other uses for a CA.
Netscape has represented its products as suitible for commerce, and it
doesn't seem unreasonable to argue that this representation gives
customers and banks an expectation that a certificate from a preinstalled CA confers a degree of trustworthiness on the cert holder.
But a CA that doesn't come pre-installed shouldn't be viewed as having
made any implied representations at all.  If a CA controls the
distribution of its key by asserting a copyright, and if it requires
everyone who downloads it to click on a form that says they've read and
understand what a cert from that CA means, then that's what it should Suppose I run a Netscape Commerce server, and I set up a secure forms
processing service.  Anyone can anonymously pay me to set up a perl script
on my SSL server to accept their form data.  My script will take the data,
encrypt it with PGP, and then mail to whatever email address my customer
(the web page owner) has specified. Who's liable?  Me, Verisign, or Netscape?  All of us?  I suspect that if I pass credit card numbers to thieves I'll get in
trouble, but I don't have any assets.
Verisign didn't make any representations directly to the public, and they probably followed the procedure they negotiated with Netscape when they issued me my cert.
Netscape put together a complicated high-tech system and told the public
(which doesn't understand cryptography) that their system was suitible for
commerce -- it's even in the product's name!  They didn't build in prudent
safeguards to prevent me from running my forms processing service, which
is such a trivial thing to set up that it should have been forseen.  (Q:
I've never gotten a real cert -- do I have to agree to something that
would prohibit my forms processing business?)
(Could a lawyer asking a jury for a judgment against Netscape show them the picture of Andressen from the cover of Time, the one where he's sitting on a throne, hubris personnified?)
It seems to me that the claims of commerceworthiness, preinstalling CAs,
and the like are going to turn out to be bad for everyone.  They're bad for Netscape because they exposes them to liability
unneccessarily.  Why should they say their products are suitible for
commerce when they can instead say that they encrypt the traffic using
what are believed to be strong algorithms?  Everyone will make the jump
from that to commerceworthiness on their own.  What does commerceworthiness mean, anyway?  Transcations up to $1,000? $1,000,000?  Remember that SSL web tools are begining to function more and
more as front ends of other kidns of progrms -- there's more at stake here
than credit card numbers typed into forms for consumer purchases.
Preinstalling CAs is great if you want to relieve users of the necessity
of deciding for themselves who they should trust.  You, or a system that
you designed, will make those hard decisions for them.  But it's not so
great if you don't want to be held accountable for almost every single
decision regarding trust on the web.
It's also bad for those of us who want to see crypto widely deployed on
the net.  Solid free code exists, but the cost of licensing the patents
and buying certs is keeping crypto expensive and slowing deployment. Preinstalling CAs means that a would be commerce server operator has to
buy a cert or operate from a competitive disadvantage.  It's a significant
cost -- the cert is more expensive than the RSA licence.  It costs as much
as a Fast Track server.  The patents will go away.  When that happens, the only thing preventing
totally free crypto will be the cost of the certs.  I suspect that
Netscape started thinking about the CA system, they were selling SSL
servers for around $2,000.  A $300 cert isn't such a big thing in those
circumstances -- there's not much of a marginal difference between $2,000
and $2,300.  But now the price of a server is only 15% of that $2,000, and
the price of the cert looks awfully high.  What will it look like when SSL
web servers are free? Finally, it's bad for consumers.  Apart from the obvious observation that
the cost of the certs will get passed on to consumers, it's important to
note that it costs money to have someone else decide who you should trust. The quality of that decision making affects its cost, and it should be the
marketplace, not a handful of corporate managers, that determines where
the optimum price/quality point is.  Different customers ought to be able to make different choices depending on their needs.  That choice is possible now in an abolute sense, but managing CAs will be
confusing for users, and Netscape's preferential treatment of certain CAs
will clearly hinder open competition among CAs.  It will also tend to
impose an unnatural homogenity on users who have different security needs. A guy who never buys anything online but wants to be able to browse web
pages without his ISP knowing what he's looking at has different security
needs from another person who does most of his shopping on the web. Security *is* economics, and it's important to keep the floor as low as possible.  The current CA system is one of the main things keeping the floor higher than it ought to be.

@_date: 1996-03-10 17:32:45
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: anonymous web pages (Was: SurfWatch) 
E. Allen Smith said,
Has anyone ever considered setting up anonymous web sites on top of
usenet?  People could post pages anonymously to usenet, and the web sites
could grab them and put them up automatically.  The pages could expire
just like usenet.  And just as there are many nntp servers that contain
more or less the same informaton, there could be many of these anonweb
servers with essentially the same information.
Right now a news administrator isn't held responsible of there's some
"bad" information in his news spool -- copyright violations, obscenity,
etc.  If the link between physically hosting a web page and being
responsible for its contents could somehow be broken, then anonymous web
pages would be possible.  If an anonweb server was just a robot that reads usenet, maybe anonweb operators could slide in under the usenet The distributed nature of the usenet model would also solve another
problem with anonymous web pages, namely that it costs money to serve
them, and there's no way to tell how popular an anonymous web page will be
until you put it out there.  Individual ISPs would host anonweb servers
for the benefit of their customers (web page readers) rather than the
anonymous publishers.  If someone puts up an anonweb page that gets
100,000 hits a day, an ISP with 2,000 customers will only have to shoulder
a small part of that burden.

@_date: 1996-03-11 09:55:17
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Lawz to be. 
Matt Blaze said,
It sounds like you're making much better contact with your representatives
than I've ever been able to make with mine.  Whenever I call or write I
have the impression that I'm just talking with a receptionist who either
does nothing with my comment or just puts it on a tally sheet of some
Do you know something about lobbying that I don't?  Or do your Senators' staffers know about your reputation as an expert who ought to be listened to?  When you call up a Senator's office, who do you ask to speak to?  How do you find out which staffer would carry the ball on a particular I'm sure we'd all make the effort to lobby if we felt it was making a

@_date: 1996-03-12 15:50:36
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Cut the mystical artist crap. (No crypto relevance here) 
~~~~~
Interesting parapraxis.
Thoreau was the guy who went to jail rather than pay his taxes when he felt the government was using the money for immoral purposes.

@_date: 1996-03-12 04:04:21
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Bell, Detweiler, Ravings, and Whatnot 
Just in case someone else is interested, the archives are at
  The entire history of the list is there, and you can browse by date, subject, or author.  You can also read this list and many others via the hks.net nntp server.
There's a lot of good stuff there, even if you're not interested in

@_date: 1996-03-14 10:28:50
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Remailer passphrases 
If we ignore the obvious problem (ie., no one is going to put much effort
or expense into running a free remailer), wouldn't splitting the remailer
across two machines help fix the security problem? Suppose one unix box accepts the mail and puts it a queue directory.  Then
a second box periodically grabs files from the first box's queue with ssh
(the second box initiates the connection), processes them, and then passes
them out to the smtp server on the first box.  The second box doesn't
accept incoming connections on any port except for the ssh port so there
are no sendmails or httpds to hack.
The remailer files could be running on a cfs drive (with nfs/cfs only
accepting connects from localhost), and you could disable getty so that it
would be hard to physically grab the machine and read the contents of the
disk.  If you had enough ram you wouldn't need a swap file, so there'd be
nothing there for someone who grabbed the machine.  If you set the machine
up while it's plugged into a small lan that's not connected to the net no
one could come in and hide something before you had secured everything. You'd also have to try to make as sure as is humanly possible that there
is no way an attacker can construct a trojan remailer packet that would do
something unpleasant.
Finally, don't tell anyone what you're doing or how you're doing it, and
don't post about it to cypherpunks.  It may be unwise to depend on
obscurity for security, but as an extra layer it can't hurt and it might
cause a physcial attacker to come unprepared to hack the machine without powering it down and rebooting.
I know an attacker could interrupt service, and I'd guess that a skillful
attacker could probably find a way to grab the cfs and remailer
passphrases if he could grab the machine and the control the site
physically (to work on it while it's running) for awhile, but how would an
attacker come in over the net and hack the remailer box?  What have I overlooked?

@_date: 1996-03-15 11:50:18
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Remailer passphrases 
(warning:  I don't know much about security, so if you don't either, don't take what I have to say too seriously...)
Ok, I see your point.  If someone compromises workstation, they can read
all the mixmaster packets by looking at what comes in and out of blackbox. But they still can't grab the passphrase and key, so old and future
traffic is safer, and if there's a large reordering pool they'll have
trouble matching a given incoming packet with a given outgoing packet. It seems to me that if you're just running a remailer that only talks to
one other machine, it ought to be possible to eliminate this kind of a
problem.  Blackbox grabs a file from a queue on workstation, runs it
through mixmaster, and deposits the output in an outgoing queue on
workstation.  If the trojan file is something strange, it will just drop
through mixmaster.  Maybe it would choke workstation on the way out, but
blackbox -- and the passphrase -- would be safe.
If we leave sendmail on, we're hosed -- wouldn't bb moving packets on and
off workstation with ssh's rcp be a lot safer? I admit freely that this is all extreme and impractical...  I was just
trying to think through the problem.
I was shooting for a system that would be worthless to an attacker if it
was turned off, and which couldn't be hacked easily from the console
without turning it off.
A crypto file system directory will be worthless if the machine goes down,
and if there's no swapfile, there's not going to be anything nasty left
behind there.  The bad guys *can't* rip out your hard drive and read it,
because all the good stuff is on the cfs drive -- it's just a big blob of
idea'd data, and neither the remailer' or cfs's passphrase was ever
written to disk.  When bb boots, it waits for the sysadmin to ssh in and mount the cfs drive
manually, then start the remailer manually.
If the attacker didn't know what you've got in place, he'd probably just
steal the machine assuming he could get something out of it when he's got
it back on his workbench.  If he did know the details of the system, he'd
be faced with trying to extract the cfs and remailer passwords from the
machine's ram without turning it off and without being able to login from
the console -- ideally you wouldn't even have a keyboard plugged in.  (I
have no idea how hard it would be to steal information from a running
machine's ram -- or if it's even possible).
Actually, it only listens to ssh;  a bug there is fatal.  Same goes for
the kernel.  We don't need dns -- to bb, the only other machine in the
universe is workstation, and it knows the IP address.
If the core system can't run without incident, you're in trouble.  But couldn't you do a pretty good job of shielding it from surprises by turning almost everything off and not letting it talk to the outside world, except in very narrow ways?

@_date: 1996-03-23 06:58:29
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Dorothy Denning attacks Leahy's crypto bill 
This will probably be unpopular, but:
There has been a defacto toleration of some cheap arguments in many online
forums dedicated to crypto discussions, including this one.  People who
agree with us are brave freedom fighters, and our enemies are evil people
who want to take everyone's freedoms away. There are honest, intelligent, and well informed people on both sides of
the Leahy bill here on this list.  We are appalled, rightfully so, when
Schneier, Blaze, et al are smeared by anonymous posts dencouncing their
characters and calling for mailbombings.  But we shouldn't be surprised --
those tactics have been used repeatedly during the larger crypto debate.
Remember when Bizdos was the anti-christ?
I think we'd all be better off if people like Denning felt that they could
come online and mix it up with the rest of us without worrying about being
shouted down or harassed.  I remember when she used to answer questions on
sci.crypt with some regularlity.  Say what you want about her politics, she wrote a good crypto textbook and she's good at teaching.  There'd be more people who know their crypto if she was still hanging around.
Arguing exclusively against straw men isn't good for us.  It lets us slide by with weaker arguments than good opponents would coax from us, and it hurts our ability to repsond effectively to their arguments.
Crypto technology is going to effect society in lots of ways, some blunt
and others subtle.  It's complicated stuff, and intelligent people can disagree without being evil or in cahoots with the forces of tyranny.  There's a line from an old Neil Young song -- even Richard Nixon has got soul.  Well, so does Dorothy Denning, and so do the people at the NSA, and the management at AT&T.
Those who would restrict crypto are wrong, and if they prevail in the
debate they will do a lot of damage, and yes, they will end up depriving us of a big part of our liberty.  But to them *we* are doing a lot of damage -- we're creating a dangerous and lawless world where personal safety will be nothing but a dim memory.
Who's right?  How can you tell?  With an open and honest debate between
their best people and ours.  I am absolutely certain that we would prevail
in such a debate.  But we can't get together to stage such a thing -- here
on our home turf they're not welcome, and we're certainly not welcome at
the security briefings, or whatever it is they call it when the feds lobby
lawmakers about crypto issues. I do not mean to imply that any of the leading figures here on cypherpunks
stoop to character assination and harassment.  But there has been what
seems to me to be an effort to romanticize the issue, create a sort of
counter-culture fervor.  There is a tendency to shout and protest rather
than to argue and persuade.  Unthinking intolerance of dissent is common
among a lot of the transient people on the list, as is a bias against
people affiliated with large companies.
All I'm suggesting is that the next time somone get creamed for saying something unpopular, that maybe we should defend their right to say it, as long as they say it well and honestly.

@_date: 1996-04-13 07:27:17
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: No matter where you go, there they are. 
I agree with you that it's a pretty bizzare world to look forward to, but how likely is it?  It's always seemed to me that both sides of the crypto debate have been overselling the changes crypto is going to bring.  Crypto won't make surveillance impossible, it will make it expensive.  That's a big difference.
My computer is loaded up with crypto.  I use pgp, ssh, sfs, cfs, etc., every day.  I've picked strong passphrases, and I edit sensitive files on a ram disk.  But getting my data would be child's play for the nsa if they were interested enough in me to come into my apartment and make an active attack.
Military security depends as much upon military discipline and procedure
as it does on strong crypto tools.  When crypted email becomes the norm,
remember that 95% of the keys in the world will be sitting on hard drives
in the clear or protected by passphrases like "bob1".  Software that
forces people to pick strong passphrases won't be popular in the
marketplace.  I know:  I run an ISP, and everytime I tell someone how to
pick a password, they always come back with "bob1".
There's a mindset out there that says, "the only way to fight crime is to
do massive surveillance." I don't buy it.  Surveillence technology is
fairly new, and there were law abiding societies before it was deployed.
It's like people who feel that the only way to stop violence in cities is
to take away guns.  If that's true, how come there are so few murders in
Western Nebraska (I have family there), where almost everyone is armed?
The truth is the police do surveillence easily and cheaply now, and it's
not working.  Things are getting worse in many places, not better.  Beat
cops who talk to people and who know the neighborhood are more effective
than spooks in vans or centralized monitoring facilities with
sophisticated electronics.  If we don't want crime, we're going to have to make sure people have enough skills to develop other economic opportunities.  The answer is jobs, not a telescreen in every home.
It is true that law enforcement has been building up a giant surveillance
apparatus over the past couple of decades, and that crypto is going to
kill it.  But it's also true that the buildup in surveillence has coincided with a decrease in the effectiveness of police forces in general.  Surveillance is good for massive beauracracies with bloated budgets who work behind closed doors and who aren't held accountable for their failures.  It's not good for fighting neighborhood crime.
I reject the opposition's premise:  surveillance is not necessary to keep
the four horsemen at bay.  How can they have the chutzpah to demand that I
sacrifice my civil liberties in the name of the drug war, when everyone in
Chicago knows that dealers are allowed to sell without harassment on
literally thousands of street corners in this city?  They don't need
clipper to stop the crack trade, they need to send cops out to arrest the
people who are standing out in broad daylight selling and buying.
It doesn't take a gps system to track them down.

@_date: 1996-04-17 18:32:10
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Bidzos Holds Key / A hacker's paradise 
Someone just asked me if it would be possible for the NSA to use a front company to buy crypto patents (or companies that own lots of crypto patents), then simply pull them off the market.
When I thought about it I couldn't understand why they haven't done it
already. Can whoever ends up with the rsa patent pull rsaref off the market, and
retroactively make software that uses it illegal?  Or would they just be able to prevent people from writing new code with rsaref?

@_date: 1996-04-21 07:17:30
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Add-in encryption module to Netscape 
The browsers present a bit of a problem as well -- the free Netscapes that
people download uses small keys, so it won't matter if you use an Apache
or Netscape server if people browse your site with Netscape navigators.  I
think there are full strength Mosaic's available, but I've never used
them. Also, you should check to see if you can get a verisign certificate for the international version of apache-ssl -- if you can't, that might cause you problems as well.
The best answer for these sorts of problems (at least for those of you not
constrained by ITAR) might be java form processing applets that use their
own crypto routines to submit the data.

@_date: 1996-04-24 18:52:33
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Golden Key Campaign 
I know you feel strongly about this, and I don't expect to change your But sometimes in politics you have to play the angles.  I don't think most people care about their civil liberties as much as they should.  If it were just a question of censorship and wiretapping, I think we'd probably lose the political fight.  Sure we're right.  But that's not enough.  We don't have any clout.
But fortunatly big business has come to the conclusion that it's going to
have to kill the crypto parts of ITAR in order to do business overseas. And that means the export restrictions are as good as dead.
The other side of the debate has been raising the spectres of the four
horsemen, and that argument has to be addressed, at least nominally.  RSA
can't say, "We know that law enforcement is concerned about terrorism,
drugs, and child pornography.  But we need the rules changed anyway so we
can make buckets of money."
So they say stand on civil liberties.  Yes, it's disingenuous.  But if they win, we'll all come out ahead.  In order to make the money, they're going to secure our civil liberties.
The patents won't last forever.  They're going to expire, and when they
do, the war will be over, because ITAR's crypto restrictions will be And it will be due, in large part, to the cypherpunks who made corporate customers afraid to use 40 bit keys.
Security isn't the only thing that's economics.  So's politics.

@_date: 1996-04-26 22:13:24
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
Someone's conspicuously absent here:  us. The interests of citizens aren't taken into account, and the notion that
civil liberties are relevant to the crypto debate is alien to NSA
thinking. This is why the "golden key" campaign is important.  Right now, in the short term, the interests of big business and our interests as citizens coincide.  They have an acknowledged seat at the table, while we do not.
This is not to say that we aren't playing a role -- a big role -- in the
policy debate, despite what the NSA lawyer said.  We (well, actually some
of you) are demonstrating to corporate customers that they need strong
crypto.  Business is listening to us, and the government is listening to
business. Nobody is paying any attention at all to the blue ribbons, though.
As long as companies like Netscape continue to support open standards, we'll come out ahead if they pursue their own narrow interests.

@_date: 1996-04-27 13:04:46
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
I'll bet the first one will be a mailer that communicates with a central
mail server.  There's a need for people who don't know how to telnet to
have handy access to their mail from both home and work. Some of the work that's being done with pgp compatible java applets is
very exciting -- I expect that the general public will get its first taste
of secure email from java applets doled up by ssl servers.
It would be really great if a gui and and some crypto guts could be reused for both a java pop client and an applet that could talk to a central mail server.

@_date: 1996-04-27 15:01:55
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Is the public involved in the crypto policy debate? 
Then I agree with him on this.  I'm not making any claims of orginality or
of depth here -- it's a simple point, probably too obvious for most people
here to concern themsevles with.  But at the same time, it's a central
Big business has a lot of clout in America.  People who stand on soapboxes in the park (or on the net) and make impassioned speeches on behalf of liberty don't.
I expect the "golden key" group will get the export restrictions on crypto
killed.  That's one head of the monster, although there will be other heads left.
But he didn't.  You're right, it wouldn't have altered his argument in any
significant way if he had.  But the public *was* left of his "policy
I don't want to read too much into it either, but he was talking about the differences between who is participating in the crypto discussions in America and in Japan -- who's included and who's excluded was central to what he was saying, not an afterthought he hadn't thought through.
My impression is that they look at the vast majority of people who rail against clipper as spoiled children who don't know what's good for them, and who must be protected from their own folly.
Of course I'm not including people like Tim in that "vast majority".  Tim
ought to be flattered by how seriously they take his ideas on crypto
anarchy.  But people like me?  I don't think we figure into the The only problem I have with this statement is that it's not strong enough.  Public sentiment is overwhelmingly lopsided in support of our point of view.
But does that have an effect on policy?
What killed Clipper?  It's hard to say.  There was certainly very strong
public opposition, but I'm not sure it was worth as much in the end as
Blaze's attack.  If Clipper had worked, it would probably be alive today.  Blaze's attack demonstrated that even those who aren't worried about the government's intentions ought to worry about its competence.
And although opposistion to Clipper from business was less visible than the current opposition to export restrictions, it was there.  AT&T was roundly criticized for agreeing to work with Clipper should it have come to pass, but they did speak out against it (and paid Matt's salary).
I'm inclined to give more credit to Blaze and the companies who spoke
against it than to public sentiment, although I can't think of an
objective way to confirm my suspicions.
I'm not sure those distinctions are useful, but for whatever it's worth, I
don't think debates about crypto anarchy, or fights over key management
are ever going to be joined by the public at large.  It takes a lot of work to understand the issues, and most people have their hands full with the things that are going on in their own lives and careers.
Clipper was easy to grab ahold of -- big brother wants to put a
wiretapping chip in your phone, what do you think of that?  I don't know
that the rest of the points we'll fight over will be as accessible.  The devil's in the details, and the details are hard to slog through.
(I wasn't able to get any of my friends excited when Netscape let users choose which CAs to trust in 2.0b3, for example.)
All I'm really saying is that having business on our side of the export issue is a good thing, and it could very well be the difference between victory and defeat, despite the fact that some of the companies in question might have questionable credentials as civil libertarians.
The text Hal quoted gave some small reinforcement of that point of view,
in my opinion.  I wouldn't argue that it's enough to prove that big
businesses have a disproportionate amount of political clout -- that's
probably another job best left to the leftist theoreticians.

@_date: 1996-04-29 09:22:23
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
predicting that a continuous series of security holes would be discovered
in Java implementations.
So far he's been proven right.
I like Java -- I'm not a professional programmer, and Java is a lot easier
for me to work with than C++.  And I can buy the argument that for many
people the benefits of applets will outweigh the security risks.  I'm willing to run sendmail, and I'm willing to run Java as well.  I'm not working in a finance house, and there's not anything that sensitive on my It also seems likely to me that Java secure mail applets and remailer
clients will do a lot of good from a cypherpunk point of view.  Java looks
like it's going to put easy to use gui crypto tools within reach of
everyone with a web browser.
So I'd like to see Java catch on, as long as users are allowed to make informed decisions about the risks and the benefits of running applets.
But Perry has a track record on this issue (and on many other issues as
well).  I don't think many people here are going dismiss what he's saying
because someone called him a food fighter.

@_date: 1996-04-30 05:05:16
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
[All of Hal's excellent post deleted]
Everyone on this list is shooting for military grade security, and Hal's just given us a lot of reasons why it's going to be hard to achieve that with Java applets.
I'm not sure that list proves that Java applets are completely unsuitable
for crypto applications, though.
I don't that the general public is ever going to have military grade security.  (I don't think I will either, for that matter.)  Most people don't have the discipline or the knowledge to use their tools properly.  They'll pick weak passphrases, let other people have access to their computer, or not pay enough attention to plaintext disk residue.
"The best shouldn't be the enemy of the good."
The thing that's important is to set up workable and accssible systems
that are good under everyday (typical) use, and that don't impose many
limits on how secure individual users can make themselves.  Java applets and applications taken together could be good at that.
Most people probably pick weak PGP passphrases, and they probably don't
bother to edit the letters they intend to encrypt on a ramdisk.  But
people who have reason or the inclination to careful can avoid these
pitfalls and communicate with more security than more casual users. The things that make PGP worth using are (a) even casual users get a lot
more security than they would have without PGP, and (b) it's possible to
get just about as much security as is possible with anything if you use
PGP properly. The point is that a java applet that implements a mixmaster client might
not be nearly as secure as the unix C version, but if one existed it would
still (right now, at least) be the best way to send anonymous mail for a
comparatively naive user.  It would fit into a larger mixmaster system
that provides more security for people who are willing and able to invest
the effort it takes to run the unix version.
And better yet, shouldn't it be possible to set things up so that almost
all of the code in a crypto applet could be reused in a crypto application
that's more secure?  Most crpto programs will need entropy, and that's hard to come by in a
java applet;  a java application should have an easier time of it.  Why
not write two versions of an entropy generator, one for applets, and one
for applications, so that someone who writes a mixmaster applet can get a
better mixmaster application for just a little more work?  Isn't this sort of code reusability supposed to be what OOP is all about? Couldn't Hal's list of applet problems serve as the basis of two packages,
one for applets, and another for applications?  Each problem would have a
method associated with it in each version of the package.  Maybe the
applet package would have a routine to write a file, encrypted with a
passphrase, on a central server.  The same routine in the application
package would write the file, encrypted with a passphrase, to a local
Ideally, we'd have a mixmaster applet, with an explanation on the same
page that says the stand alone application would be more secure, and a
link to download it.
Does this make sense?

@_date: 1996-05-01 09:10:19
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
That's the problem, installing the plugin.
I (and some others, I think) was hoping that it would be possible to build
powerful crypto applets and put them up on web pages.  That way everyone with a java enabled copy of Netscape could use a remailer or send crypted mail without having to download, install, and configure software.
If people have to download and install a plugin to use a java mixmaster
applet, why not just download and install a native mixmaster client?
Of course there are other reasons to use java -- platform independence,
for example.  But it's the user's ability to download and run applets just
by jumping to a web page that has everyone excited.  With that gone (for crypto), java loses a lot of its lustre (again, for crypto work).

@_date: 1996-05-01 17:08:20
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
One thing that I'm sort of fuzzy on is whether or not you feel that this is a problem specific to this one group of products (java) or if it's a problem with the general idea of grabbing and running applets indiscriminently in a protective environment.
As some recent posts here have shown, when people start working with java
applets, subtle problems (like not being able to put your hands on enough
entropy) emerge.  It may turn out that after a year or two the list of
complaints will be long enough that a demand for a successor to java will
emerge.  I would have to think that after a bit of practical experience, it will be possible to build a better java.
Right now, as near as I can tell, we have two major security complaints
with java's design.  The first is Perry's point (which I might be
munging), that there isn't enough redundancy in the security to protect us
if and when human error creeps in.  The second is that a rigorous formal
analysis of the language hasn't been performed, and that the language as
it is currently constituted doesn't lend itself to such an analysis. Can these problems be solved, at least in theory, in a new language?  Are there other changes that ought to be considered?  Etc.

@_date: 1996-05-01 17:46:44
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats" 
For whatever it's worth, my position fits into Tim's taxonomy pretty I think it's worthwhile to do enough to protect people from their
sysadmins, even if it won't protect them from the NSA.
The important thing is to take care not to create standards or large user
communities that will force more determined people to choose between security and interoperability.  For example:  a mail system that can only work with small keys ought to be
avoided;  but a mail system that uses large keys and clients with crummy
random number generators ought to be deployed, if it has some significant
advantage (like user friendliness) over other systems that currently
exist. A java mixmaster applet with a bad random number generator would probably
be the best game in town for most people.  Is it good enough?  No.  But is
it better than anything that's currently available (in a practical sense)
to the typical ms-windows user?  Yes.  And that's enough reason to deploy Unix clients and the mixmaster remailer network are capable of providing
much better security to anyone who wants to pursue it -- the poor quality
of the java version doesn't impose a ceiling on other users.  And a clear
path of improvements exists (ie., easy to use dos and mac native code
clients, or a better java applet) to pull the low end users up to where
the unix users are now.
Deployment is the thing that's going to make putting the genie back in the
bottle impossible.  10,000,000 people who use a flawed java implementation
of some crypto applet are still 10,000,000 people who are going to scream
bloody murder if crypto's banned.  There is a lot of political value in getting something out there, even if it's less than perfect.
(Incidently, I'd like to encourage more people to set up mixmaster
remailers.  I've had mine (nsa up for several weeks, and I
haven't had a single complaint or hassle from it.  That's not at all what I expected -- I figured people would be complaining all the time.  If I had known how it would turn out, I would have set it up a long time

@_date: 1996-05-05 08:15:09
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. 
If Perry and a couple of his competitors got together, called themselves a professional organization, and issued a press release and guidelines, they'd probably be able to have a big impact.  I'll bet they could get it picked up in the WSJ, and probably some other papers as well.
"People in environments where security matters (like finance and banking)
shouldn't use java or javascript.  If you want to use the web to reach
these people, don't use java or javascript in your pages."
As stupid as it sounds, sending letters to the people who maintain the www
faqs might be helpful to.  Most web designers would probably follow
guidelines if they knew what they were.  I'll bet that a lot of people who write web books will take a look at the faqs, and you might get wider coverage through them.

@_date: 1996-05-18 21:58:09
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
The problem is more funadmental than copyrights or the specifics of this case.  It might be true that Hacktic could win in court, but why should Hacktic take the chance?  Or spend the money to prove their case?
The remailer net won't stand up to challenges of any strength because no
one gets anything for running a remailer.  It doesn't matter if the
challenges are strong enough to win, or if they ultimately have any merit. If you don't get anything for winning and you'll get burned if you lose,
the expected value of the game is negative no matter how unlikely losing If you want the remailer system to stand up you have to make the expected
value positive.  The expected value of bookmaking is positive, even though
it's illegal to take sports bets in most states.  As a consequence it's
not hard to find someone to take a bet.  Individual bookies may come and
go, but the system will always be there.  If the expected value of running
a remailer was positive, the remailer system would thrive even if it was
illegal to run one.
To make the expected value positive, you have to (a) make it profitable to
run a remailer, and (b) set up a protocol that gives someone who runs one
a fighting chance of not getting busted.  (a) is easy enough in theory,
but I don't know how you could do (b), at least not if you wanted to let
people do public things with the remailers (like post to usenet).

@_date: 1996-05-24 18:37:08
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
The last part reminds me of the Monty Python bit about the funniest joke
in the world -- during the war Brittish soldiers would shout out a
translated version they couldn't understand and the Germans would die
laughing.  It seems pretty obvious that there are people who have
withstood the NSA's siren song -- people in Congress and agencies like the
Department of Commerce (who presumably have heard it) oppose the agency. I've felt for a long time that the division in venues has hurt us.  The
other side pitches in secret to Congressmen and administration officials,
while we preach to the converted and argue against straw men here on the
net.  As a consequence they own official Washington and we own public
opinion. The problem with this is that we don't get a chance to refute their arguments.  I think we're right -- and to me believing we're right means beliving that we can win a fair fight.  Logic and the facts ought to bear us out.
One idea that I toyed around with but was too lazy to pursue was to have a
public debate on the web.  A small group of people would be invited to
participate -- maybe Dr. Denning on one side, and whoever else we could
find to speak for the government.  We could pick an equal number of our
best people to go up against them. The debate would proceed in rounds.  Each particpant could write his or
her arguments for or against government restrictions on crypto, and the
moderator would publish them all simultaneously.  Then there would a set period of time for the participants to write responses -- maybe a couple of days or a week.  Then another round of responses to the responses.  After that everyone could write closing arguments.
I think there are a couple of advantages to taking this sort of an
approach rather than a more free form discussion on a mail list.  The
first is that the other side would probably feel more welcome -- the lack
of public support for their position and the net being what it is have
combined to create a hostile environment for those who disagree with us. The debate would prevent personal attacks (if we pick the right
participants) and it would give the opposition some assurances that they
won't get shouted down.  The idea is to create a level playing field --
something that doesn't exist anywhere right now -- each side has it's own
home court, but a neutral space doesn't seem to exist.
Another advantage would be that if people agree to particpate they'd
probably take it seriously enough to follow through and answer criticisms
of their arguments.  The idea of a formal discussion with a beginning, a
middle, and an end might help keep things moving along.  Restricting
things to a small number of participants who understand the technology and
the history of crypto politics could also be helpful.
Finally, when the whole thing was over the web site would be a valuable resource for anyone who wants to explore the issue.  Both sides would be there nobody would feel that they had been bullied or manipulated into believing one thing or another.
As I said above, I think we're right, and to me that means believing that
we'd come out on top in a fair fight.  It seems to me that we ought to
figure out how to set up a few of them and do whatever we can to get the
other side to show up.

@_date: 1996-06-12 15:04:53
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: plugging in 
Doing tech support at my ISP has made me very skeptical of anything that
requires a plug in.  Most people aren't willing or able to download and
install them.  Obviously that's not a problem for large organizations who
want to run something internally -- they can make people install them and
provide support to make sure it happens.  But if you want to publish to
the mainstream of people who use the net, using a plug in is a very bad
idea. (I don't know anyone that doesn't design web pages for a living who's installed the shockwave plugin, for example.  I'm sure that people do, just not the people I know.  Only a marketing hack would download a couple of megabyte plug in to look at a soda company's web page.)
SSL has a lot of problems (Verisign's pound of flesh, signatures on sites rather than documents, etc.), and those problems make a PGP based system attractive.  But SSL's ubiquity (is that a word?) and the inherent kludginess of a PGP based plug-in make me think that the latter wouldn't have a snowball's chance in hell of catching on.

@_date: 1996-06-18 08:39:38
@_author: Alex Strasheim 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Operator Liability? 
The only time I've ever heard the term was in conjunction with the email sent out by the Clinton campaign during the last election.  I probably misunderstood what was going on, but at the time I assumed that
it was a little different than a mail list.  My impression was that it
was for broadcasting rather than disucssing (ie., only the campaign could
use it), and that it was hierarchical in nature (mail goes to a dozen or a
hundred "exploders" who then send it out to a couple of hundred thousand
individuals).
