
@_date: 1993-07-22 20:15:15
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: Re: more on FBI credit search access 
Sheri is unfortunally mistaken on this issue. There is a pending legislative
initiative to allow for easier access to credit records using a national
security letter, instead of a warrant. It was approved by the Senate
Intelligence Committee last week. This is different from HR175, the
initiative to allow for easier access to toll records that the house
approved a few months ago.
 The ACLU, CPSR, PIRG and the US Privacy Council wrote a letter to Sen.
Deconcini opposing the provision last week that I will send up tomorrow
along with the text of the bill, if I can find it in time.

@_date: 1993-10-01 09:23:20
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: CPSR Comments to NIST 
September 27, 1993
Director, Computer Systems Laboratory
ATTN: Proposed FIPS for Escrowed Encryption Standard
Technology Building, Room B-154
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
  Re: Request for Comments; Docket No. 930659-3159
     This letter constitutes the formal comments of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (CPSR) on the proposed Federal Information Processing Standard for an Escrowed Encryption Standard (EES), as described in the Federal Register on July 30, 1993 (58 FR 40791).  CPSR, a national organization of professionals in the computing field, has a long-standing interest in government policies concerning cryptography and computer security.  During the past several years we have pursued an extensive study of cryptography policy in the United States.  We have organized several public conferences, conducted litigation under the Freedom of Information Act, and appeared on a number of panels to discuss the importance of cryptography for privacy protection and the need to scrutinize carefully government proposals designed to limit the use of this technology.  While we do not represent any particular computer company or trade association, we do speak for a great many people in the computer profession who value privacy and are concerned about the government's key escrow initiative.
     To properly evaluate the key escrow proposal, it is necessary to consider the Computer Security Act of 1987, which made clear Congress' intent that in the area of unclassified computing systems NIST -- and not the National Security Agency (NSA) -- would be responsible for the development of technical standards.  The Act emphasizes public accountability and stresses open decision-making.      In the spirit of the Act, NIST set out in 1989 to develop a public key cryptography standard.  According to documents obtained by CPSR through the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), NIST recommendFrom owner-cypherpunks  Fri Oct  1 10:30:15 1993
Received: by toad.com id AA09012; Fri, 1 Oct 93 10:28:09 PDT
Received: by toad.com id AA09009; Fri, 1 Oct 93 10:27:43 PDT
Return-Path: Received: from netcom.netcom.com ([192.100.81.100]) by toad.com id AA09005; Fri, 1 Oct 93 10:27:41 PDT
Received: from netcom2.netcom.com by netcom.netcom.com (5.65/SMI-4.1/Netcom)
Any chance of getting a few sent to me in San Francisco?

@_date: 1994-01-07 21:04:49
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: No Subject 
CFP '94
                       THE FOURTH CONFERENCE
                       ON COMPUTERS, FREEDOM
                            AND PRIVACY
                         MARCH 23-26, 1994
                    CHICAGO PALMER HOUSE HILTON
      "CYBERSPACE SUPERHIGHWAYS: ACCESS, ETHICS and CONTROL"
 SPONSORS
 ASSOCIATION FOR COMPUTING MACHINERY
      SPECIAL INTERESTS GROUPS ON:
      COMMUNICATIONS (SIGCOMM)
      COMPUTERS AND SOCIETY (SIGCAS)
      SECURITY, AUDIT AND CONTROL (SIGSAC)
 JOHN MARSHALL LAW SCHOOL,
      CENTER FOR INFORMATICS LAW
 PATRONS & SUPPORTERS (as of 15 December 1994)
 AMERICAN EXPRESS CORP.
 BAKER & McKENZIE
 EQUIFAX, INC
 LEGAL TRUSTEES, JERSEY, LTD. (UK)
 MOTOROLA, INC
 NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION (PENDING)
 WIRED MAGAZINE
 COOPERATING ORGANIZATIONS
 AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION SECTION OF
      SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
 AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION
 COMPUTER PROFESSIONALS FOR SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
 ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
 GEORGE WASHINGTON UNIVERSITY INSTITUTE for COMPUTER and
      TELECOMMUNICATIONS POLICY
 IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY
 IEEE-USA COMMITTEE ON COMMUNICATIONS
      AND INFORMATION POLICY
 LIBRARY AND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ASSOCIATION
 PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL
 U.S. PRIVACY COUNCIL
 UNITED AIRLINES IS THE OFFICIAL AIRLINE FOR CFP'94
 Fourth Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy
 Chicago, Il., March 23 - 26, 1994
 CFP'94
 "Cyberspace Superhighways: Access, Ethics and Control"
 General Chair
      George B. Trubow
      Center for Informatics Law,
      John Marshall Law School
 Executive Committee
      George B. Trubow
      Chair, CFP'94
      Lance J. Hoffman
      George Washington University
      Chair, CFP'92
      Bruce Koball
      San Francisco, CA
      Chair, CFP'93
 Conference Treasurer
      Robert Ashenhurst
      University of Chicago
 Special Promotions
      Patric Hedlund
      Sweet Pea Productions
      Alan Whaley
      The WELL, San Francisco
 Manager, Volunteers and Conference Office
      Judi Clark
      ManyMedia, Palo Alto
 Chair, Student Writing Competition
      Gene Spafford
      Purdue University
 Co-Chairs, Student Scholarship Program
      John McMullen
      Marist College
      James Thompson
      Northern Illinois University
 ^LProgram Committee
      David Banisar
      Computer Professsionals for
      Social Responsibility
      Jerry Berman
      Electronic Frontier Foundation
      Robert Belair
      Mullenholz and Brimsek
      Roger Clarke
      Australian National Univesity
      Mike Godwin
      Electronic Frontier Foundation
      Mark Hellmann
      Pattishall, McAuliffe
      Linda Knutson
      Library & Information
      Technology Association
      Dennis McKenna
      Government Technology Magazine
      Michael Mensik
      Baker & McKenzie
      Ron Plesser
      Piper and Marbury
      Priscilla Regan
      George Mason University
      Lance Rose
      LOL Productions
      Marc Rotenberg
      Computer Professionals for
      Social Responsibility
      Robert Ellis Smith
      Privacy Journal
      James Thompson
      Northern Illinois University
      Alan F. Westin
      Columbia University
 Conference Administration by John Marshall Law School:
 Arrangements Director, RoseMarie Knight
 Publicity & Publications, John McNamara
 Financial Officer, James Kreminski
 Program Coordinator, Gary Gassman
 "CYBERSPACE SUPERHIGHWAYS: ACCESS, ETHICS and CONTROL
 Cyberspace, Information Superhighway, National Information
 Infrastructure, Open Platforms, Computer and Communications
 Revolution, Electronic Networks, Digital Data Bases and Information
 Society are words and phrases common to the rhetoric of our modern
 era.  The relationships between and among individuals, society,
 nations, government entities and business organizations are in
 constant flux as new stresses and alliances change the old "rules
 of the game."  Today's challenges are to define what is the "game,"
 who owns the "franchises," who can play, what are the rules and who
 calls the shots.  Information and communications technology raise
 new issues for freedom and privacy in this new era.  Such questions
 are on the agenda as the participants in CFP'94 consider the
 alternatives and seek some solutions.  Come, join in the dialogue
 that will help to shape the world's future!
 PRE-CONFERENCE TUTORIALS
 On Wednesday March 23, the day before the formal conference begins,
 CFP '94 is offering a number of in-depth tutorials covering a wide
 variety of subjects on five parallel tracks.  These presentations
 will be interesting, educational, thought-provoking and often
 controversial.  The tutorials are available at a nominal additional
 registration cost.
 CONFERENCE NEWSPAPER
 On each of the three days of the conference, a daily newspaper will
 appear to highlight what has transpired and announce important
 coming events.  The staff of "The Decisive Utterance," The John
 Marshall Law School's student newspaper, is providing this service.
 CONFERENCE RECEPTION AND TECHNOLOGY DISPLAY
 On Wednesday evening, from 6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m., you are invited
 to meet new and old friends and colleagues at an opening reception
 at the John Marshall Law School from 6:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. The School
 is only two blocks from the conference hotel.  A state-of-the-art
 computer lab will be used to demonstrate high-tech applications in
 academia and registrants will be invited to take part.
 ^LSINGLE-TRACK MAIN PROGRAM
 The technological revolution that is driving change in our society
 has many facets and we are often unaware of the way they all fit
 together, especially those parts that lie outside one's own daily
 experience. An important goal of CFP '94 is to bring together
 individuals from disparate disciplines and backgrounds and engage
 them in a balanced discussion of CFP issues.  To this end our main
 program, starting on Thursday, March 24, is on a single track
 enabling registrants to attend all sessions.  The concurrent Birds-
 of-a-Feather meetings Thursday after 9:15 p.m. are exceptions.
 BIRDS OF A FEATHER SESSIONS (BoF)
 CFP '94 will provide a limited number of meeting rooms to
 interested individuals for informal "Birds of a Feather" sessions
 after the formal program Thursday, from 9:15 p.m. - 11:15 p.m.
 These sessions will provide an opportunity for special-interest
 discussions. For further information or to request a BoF contact
 CFP '94 Program Coordinator, Gary Gassman, at the John Marshall Law
 School (6gassman
 MUSEUM OF SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY GALA
 Registrants are invited to a very special reception and buffet at
 Chicago's famed Museum of Science and Industry where they also will
 be treated to a private showing and demonstration of the MSI's
 newly-opened Communications and Imaging Exhibits.  These multi-
 million dollar presentations occupy 15,000 sq.ft. of museum space
 and required three years to develop.  "Communications" is a
 panoramic display of how technology has transformed our lives by
 dissolving distance and and making connections; visitors can even
 enter the unreal world of virtual reality. "Imaging" is a mind-
 boggling journey through modern applications of imaging technology.
 Visitors can even play the role of brain surgeon, using
 radiosurgery made possible by 3-D imaging, or explore imaging in
 forensic science by using MRI, fingerprint enhancement, face aging
 and other modern technologies to solve a crime!
 REGISTRATION WILL BE LIMITED
 CFP '94 registration will be limited to 550 attendees, so we advise
 you to register early to assure admission and to take advantage of
 the early registration discounts.
 MEALS AND RECEPTIONS
 A key component of the CFP conferences has been the interaction
 between the diverse communities that constitute our audience.  To
 promote this interaction CFP '94 provides three luncheons, three
 receptions and three evening meals with the price of registration.
 EFF PIONEER AWARDS
 All conference attendees are invited to the EFF Pioneer Awards
 Reception sponsored by the Electronic Frontier Foundation on
 Thursday evening.  These, the third annual EFF Pioneer Awards, will
 be given to individuals and organizations that have made
 distinguished contributions to the human and technological realms
 touched by computer-based communications.
 CONFERENCE BUSINESS OFFICE
 The Conference business and registration office will be open from
 8:00 a.m. until 9:00 p.m. on Wednsday thru Friday, and until 6:00
 p.m. on Saturday, for registration and general information.
 NOTE: The following program content and schedule is subject to
 change. The Information Superhighway is a fast track!
 Wednesday, March 23, 1994
 Pre-Conference Tutorials
 9:00 a.m. - noon
      Cyberspace Law for Non-Lawyers
      This tutorial presents an outline of the law for laymen,
      dealing with Constitutional and legal issues that confront
      those concerned with privacy, crime, and freedom of expression
      in cyberspace. There will be summaries of recent cases,
      legislative proposals and government activities.
           Mike Godwin, Online Counsel, EFF
      Rules of the Road for Network Travelers. (CLE Credit Approved)
      The information superhighway presents a variety of rights and
      risks.  Learn about the legal issues of computer networks,
      services and bulletin boards, including on-line property
      rights; protecting personal privacy and business information;
      electronic publishing and multimedia rights; viruses, adult
      materials and other no-nos.
           Lance Rose, Attorney and Author of "Syslaw."
      Get Mad, Get Motivated, Get Moving!
      The focus of this panel is on citizen action for privacy
      protection: how to reach and organize constituents; support
      legislation or other privacy protection measures; conduct
      public education activities; use the technology in program
      activities, etc.
           Robert Ellis Smith, Privacy Journal
      Exploring Internet: A Guided Tour
      This tutorial gives participants a practical introduction to
      the most popular and powerful applications available via the
      world's largest computer network, the Internet.  There will be
      hands-on demonstrations of communications tools such as e-
      mail, conferencing, Internet Relay Chat and resource discover,
      and navigations aids such as Gopher, WAIS, Archie and World
      Wide Web.  Extensive documentation will be provided.
           Mark Graham, Pandora Systems
      Using the Freedom of Information Act
      The Federal FOIA is the principal focus of this tutorial
      though some attention is given to the use of  state FOIAs.
      The session will cover procedures for making requests,
      identifying the information desired, differences between
      electronic and hard copy responses, and the appeals process
      within agencies and the courts.
      David Sobel, Counsel, Computer Professional for Social
      Responsibility
      2:00 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
      Cryptography: What, and How?
      Data encryption is in the cyberspace limelight as perhaps the
      only technique to ensure digital privacy and security; it is
      also the subject of sharp debate regarding control of the
      development and use of the technology.  This tutorial will
      display what encryption is, how it works, and some of the
      options for its use.  Computer animations and graphic displays
      will be used to help make cryptography comprehensible; the
      audience will engage in some hands-on encryption exercises.
           Mark Hellmann, Pattishall, McAuliffe et.al, Chicago
      Electronic Detectives: Critical Issues for Public and Private
      Investigators.
      Both governmental and private sector investigators have
      unprecedented access to "open" sources that were practically
      inaccessible a few years ago.  This information environment
      poses opportunities and risks that will be the focus of this
      program.  Investigative techniques via networks will be
      demonstrated and the legal, ethical and practical issues will
      be explored.  Actual case-studies will be utilized.
      Michael Moran, CCO; Michael Robertson, CFE
      Hi-Tech Intellectual Property Law Primer (CLE Credit Approved)
      This panel will cover the special problems in patent,
      copyright and tradmark law engendered by computers and digital
      technology, with attention to the impact of recent cases.  The
      differences in European protection will be surveyed as well as
      technology export restrictions.
           Raymond Nimmer, University of Texas Law School
           Leslie A. Bertagnolli, Baker & McKenzie, Chicago
 ^L
      Transactional Data Analyses: Making FOI Access Useful
      Electronic communication, coupled with federal and state
      Freedom of Information Acts, has made a great deal of data
      available to the public regarding the activities and policies
      of government enforcement and regulatory agencies.  Knowing
      how to evaluate and use this information is critical to
      understanding and demonstrating what the data really means.
      The Transactional Records Access Clearinghouse (TRAC) of
      Syracuse University uses its various knowledge-bases to
      demonstrate the power of transactional data.  Colorgraphics
      and analytic techniques are combined in demonstrations of how
      otherwise drab statistics can be displayed dramatically to aid
      in policy analyses and advocacy.
           David Burnham, former New York Times Investigative
           Reporter;
           Susan Long, Co-director, TRAC, SUNY-Syracuse
      Election Fraud and Modern Technology
      There has been increasing attention, in the U.S. and abroad,
      to the use of modern technology in the electoral process.
      Buying votes, stealing votes, changing votes -- whether in the
      environment of punch-cards or fully automated voting machines
      -- is the subject of this tutorial.  Mock elections will be
      staged in which the participants have roles in planning to
      perpetrate as well as prevent vote fraud.  Voter registration,
      phone-based voting, cryptography and verification are among
      the strategies and technologies to be considered.
      Russel L. Brand, Reasoning Systems.
 SPECIAL EVENTS ON WEDNESDAY, Mar. 23:
 Noon - 4:00 p.m.,  Privacy International Business Meeting
      This meeting, at the John Marshall Law School, begins with a
      buffet luncheon.  Non-members interested in learning about
      P.I. and the Illinois Privacy Council are invited to be guests
      for lunch and a briefing. Guest space will be limited so
      attendance on a "first come" basis MUST be confirmed by
      March 8, 1994.
 6:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.  Conference Reception
      All CFP registrants are invited to a reception and open house
      demonstrating the John Marshall Law School's recently opened
      computer lab.  This also is an opportunity to "network" the
      old-fashioned way, meeting old friends and making new ones
      while enjoying the reception and buffet. This state-of-the-art
      facility will display information and communications
      technology being used in the educational environment. Guests
      also may participate in hands-on demonstrations of the
      technology under the tutelage of JMLS faculty and staff.
 ^L(Wed. Special Events, Cont'd)
 9:15 p.m. - 11:15 p.m. "CFP SOAPBOX SQUARE"
 On Wednesday, March 23, from 9:15 p.m. to 11:15 p.m., "CFP Soapbox
 Square" will be open.  This is a chance for those who have
 something to say publicly to say it and to hear response from
 others!  Those interested in making a brief statement (3 minutes)
 at this meeting must file their request and describe their topics
 by 5:00 p.m. on Wednesday. Discussion time for various topics will
 be allocated based upon the number of topics and the number who
 have asked to speak.  Requests to speak can be made at the time of
 pre-registration or at the conference site.
 Thursday, March 24, 1994
 8:30 a.m., CFP'94 Official Opening
      Welcome to the Conference: George B. Trubow, General Chair
      Welcome to Chicago: Hon. Richard M. Daley, Mayor (Invited)
 9:00 a.m.  Keynote Address:  Mr. John Podesta, Assistant to the
           President, Washington, D.C.
 10:00 a.m. Break
 10:30 a.m.  The Information Superhighway: Politics and the Public
            Internet.
      The Administration and Congress propose policies that will
      lead to a digital multimedia highway.  How can the road be
      built at affordable cost while serving the public interest and
      our constitutional values?
      Chair: Jerry Berman, Electronic Frontier Foundation
 12:00 p.m.  Lunch
                Speaker: U.S. Senator Paul Simon (Invited)
 1:30 p.m.  Is It Time for a U.S. Data Protection Agency?
      Beginning with the Privacy Act of 1974, proposals to establish
      an oversight body for data protection have been offered but
      not adopted; another proposal is currently pending in
      Congress.  Against a background of almost twenty years
      experience under the Privacy Act, the panel will consider
      whether the current political, economic and technological
      mileau favors establishment of a data protection agency.
      Chair: Priscilla M. Regan, George Mason University
  2:45 p.m.  Break
  3:00 p.m.  "Owning and Operating the NII: Who, How, When?"
      The National Information Infrastructure is an important
      initiative for the present Administration.  This panel will
      explore policy and technical issues such as equity and access,
      connectivity and standards, funding and regulation, privacy
      and security, ownership and operation.
      Chair: Marc Rotenberg, Computer Professionals for Social
  4:15 p.m.  Break
  4:30 p.m.  Data Encryption: Who Holds The Keys?
      Recent attempts, led by federal law enforcment agencies, to
      control the development and dissemination of strong
      cyptography programs has engendered considerable discussion
      and disagreement.  The interests of law enforcement agencies
      may conflict with the need for data security and personal
      privacy demanded by users of electronic networks.  This panel
      will evaluate proposals to deal with the question.
      Moderator: Willis Ware, Rand Corporation
 5:30 p.m. Adjourn
 6:00 p.m.  EFF Awards Reception
      Once again, the Electronic Frontier Foundation hosts a
      reception prior to its annual Pioneer Awards presentation.
      All CFP attendees are invited to enjoy the recepiton and
      congratulate the new honorees.
 7:00 p.m.  Conference Banquet (Speaker to be announced)
 9:15 - 11:15 p.m. "Birds-of-a-Feather" sessions run concurrently.
 Friday, March 25, 1994.
 8:30 a.m.  Keynote: David Flaherty, Data Protection Commissioner,
            Victoria, British Columbia
 9:15 a.m.  Health Information Policy
      The Clinton Health Reform Plan, and variations on that theme,
      stress the use of information technology to help the
      efficiency and effectiveness of health care.  Expert
      consultation, improved service delivery through new
      technology, and improvements in the processing of health
      insurance claims bring promise of cost cuts as well as the
      possibilities of threats to personal privacy.  This panel of
      experts will form the "CFP Group" to explore these promises
      and threats.
      Chair: Robert R. Belair, Mullenholz & Brimsek, Wash., D.C.
 10:30 a.m.  Break
 10:45 a.m.  Can Market Mechanisms Protect Consumer Privacy?
      When does protection of consumer privacy require legal
      standards and government regulation and when can bargains and
      agreements in the market suffice?  What role do new
      technological options for individuals and organizations play
      in facilitating private choice and market transactions?  Is
      "ownership" of personal information a useful concept or a dead
      end for privacy protection in an information age?
      Chair: Dr. Alan F. Westin, Columbia University
 Noon      Lunch, Speaker: Philip Zimmerman, PGP
 1:30 p.m.  Creating an Ethical Community in Cyberspace
      The fundamental ethical questions posed by the "settlement" of
      cyberspace are not new.  What is new is that the relationship
      between behavior and the ethical conceptions by which we judge
      behavior shift and become more ambiguous and vague.  This
      sessions examines the ethical dilemmas brought about by the
      "colonization" of cyberspace that must be resolved to
      establish and maintain a stable, humane environment.
      Chair: Prof. James Thomas, Northern Ilinois University
 2:45 p.m.  Break
 3:00 p.m.  Standards for Certifying Computer Professionals
      The subject of licensing of computer professionals is
      receiving increased attention by professional organizations
      and by state legislatures.  Both the ACM and IEEE have
      proposals under study, and perhaps a half-dozen states are
      considering licensing bills.  This panel will consider the
      pros and cons and suggest some standards for certification.
      Chair: Donald Gotterbarn, East Tennessee State Univ.
 4:15 p.m.  Break
 4:30 p.m.  Hackers and Crackers: Using and Abusing the Networks
      This session will explore issues surrounding the "fringe" of
      network use.  What can and should be exchanged?  Who will
      monitor "appropriate" use?   What's the current difference, if
      any, between "hacker" and "cracker"?  What should be expected
      and accepted regarding the role of law enforcement agencies?
 5:30 p.m. Adjourn
 5:45 p.m. Buses begin departing for the Chicago Museum of Science
           and Industry for a private reception and demonstration at
           the Communications and Imaging exhibits.
 9:00 p.m.  Buses begin departing for return to the Palmer House and
           Chicago's "Loop."
 ^L
 Saturday, March 26, 1994
 9:00 a.m.  The Role of Libraries on the Information Superhighway
      As the information landscape changes dramatically the historic
      role of libraries as the "information commons" is challenged.
      How will the Carnegie ideal of free, public access be
      implemented by the library community?  Should it be?  This
      panel will consider policy for an information network in the
      public interest.
      Moderator: Tamara J. Miller, President, Library and
                 Information Technology Association
 10:15 a.m. Break
 10:30 a.m.  International Governance of Cyberspace: New Wine in Old
                Bottles -- Or Is It Time For New Bottles?
      Much discussion transpires between members of the Economic
      Community, the O.E.C.D., the Council of Europe, and the United
      States, regarding data protection, intellectual property
      rights, transborder data flow, the mediation of disputes, etc.
      This panel will consider whether existing mechanisms can solve
      the problems or a new structure for the governance of
      cyberspace is needed.
      Chair:  Ronald L. Plesser, Piper and Marbury
 Noon:  Lunch
           Speaker: Simon Davies, Director General, Privacy
           International
 1:30 p.m. The Electronic Republic: Delivery of Government Services
         over the Information Superhighway
      State and local governments use computer networks to deliver
      a wide range of services and information to the public;
      electronic "kiosks" are moving to "government by ATM."  How
      will this interaction between government and the people affect
      the process of American government in the future?
      Chair: Dennis McKenna, Publisher, "Government Technology."
 2:45 p.m.  Break
 3:00 p.m. Education and NREN, K - 12
      Internetworking is a very new technology being rapidly
      deployed to conventional classrooms, a very old technology.
      The panel will explore the clash of contradictory assumptions
      embedded within these systems -- a clash which has profound
      implications for the future of both the network and the
      classrooom.
      Chair: Steven Hodas, NASA NREN Project
 4:00 Break
 4:15 p.m.  Guarding the Digital Persona
      After this panel has established the threats to personal
      privacy from individual profiling and target marketing, and a
      regime to legally recognize and protect an "electronic
      personality" is put forth, Bruce Sterling will offer to
      explain why much of that worry is misdirected!
      Chair: Roger Clarke, Australian National University
 5:30 p.m.  Adjournment
 Featured Speakers Confirmed as of 12/15/93
 Philip Agre, Dept. of Sociology, U. of Cal., San Diego
 David Banisar, Computer Professional for Social Responsibility
 Robert R. Belair, Mullenholz & Brimsek, Washington, D.C.
 Jerry Berman, Executive Director, Electronic Frontier Foundation
 Leslie A. Bertagnolli, Baker & McKenzie, Chicago
 Andrew Blau, The Benton Foundation, Washington, D.C.
 Dr. Herbert Burkett, GMD, Koln, Germany
 Jeffrey Chester, Director, Center for Media Education
 Roger Clarke, College of Commerce, Australian National University
 Ellen Craig, Commissioner, Illinois Commerce Commission
 Simon Davies, Director General, Privacy International, London
 David Flaherty, Data Commissioner, British Columbia
 Oscar H. Gandy, Media Studies Center, Columbia University
 Donald Gotterbarn, East Tennessee State University
 Allan Hammond, New York University Law School
 Steven Hodas, NASA NREN Project, Washington, D.C.
 David Johnson, Wilmer, Cutler & Pickering, Washington
 Steven Kolodney, Dir., Information Technology, State of California
 Curtis Kurnow, Landels, Ripley & Diamond, San Francisco
 Kenneth Laudon, School of Information Systems, New York University
 Lee Ledbetter, HDX
 Jay Lemke, School of Education, City University of New York
 Duncan MacDonald, V.P. & Gen. Couns., Citicorp Credit Services
 Shirley Marshall, Public Sector Marketing, IBM
 Dennis McKenna, Publisher, Government Technology Magazine
 Michael Mensik, Baker & McKenzie, Chicago
 Raymond Nimmer, University of Texas
 Eli Noam, Columbia University School of Business
 Michael North, President, North Communications
 Ronald L. Plesser, Piper and Marbury, Washington, D.C.
 Marc Rotenberg, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
 Rohan Samarajiva, Department of Communication, Ohio State Univ.
 David Sobel, Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
 Bruce Sterling, Sci-Fi Writer and Journalist, Austin, Texas
 Connie Stout, Texas Education Network
 James Thomas, Department of Sociology, Northern Illinois University
 Greg Tucker, Head of the Business School, Monash Univ., Australia
 Bruce Umbaugh, Old Dominion University
 Patricia Valey, Acting Director, Office of Consumer Affairs
 Maarten van Swaay, Dept. of Computer Science, Kansas State U.
 Daniel Weitzner, Sr. Staff Counsel, Electronic Frontier Foundation
 Alan Westin, Columbia University
 Christine Zahorik, Staff, Senate Committee on
 REGISTRATION
 Register for the conference by returning the Registration Form
 along with the appropriate payment.  The registration fee includes
 conference materials, three luncheons (Thursday, Friday and
 Saturday), a reception, open house and buffet (Wednesday), a
 reception and banquet (Thursday),  and a gala reception and buffet
 at the Museum of Science and Industry.  Payment must accompany
 registration.
 REGISTRATION FEES
 If paid by:         7 February     8 March        On Site
                     Early          Regular        Late
 Conference Fees     $315           $370           $420
 Tutorial Fees       $145           $175           $210
 Conf. & Tutorial    $460           $545           $630
 Save by Registering Early!
 FP '94 SCHOLARSHIPS
 The Fourth Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy (CFP '94)
 will provide a limited number of full registration scholarships for
 students and other interested individuals.  These scholarships will
 cover the full costs of registration, including luncheons, two
 banquets, and all conference materials.  Scholarship recipients
 will be responsible for their own lodging and travel expenses.
 Persons wishing to apply for one of these fully-paid registrations
 should contact CFP '94  Scholarship Chair:
 John F. McMullen
 CFP '94 Scholarship Committee
 Perry Street
 Jefferson Valley, NY  10535
 Phone: (914) 245-2734 or email mcmullen
 HOTEL ACCOMMODATIONS
 CFP'94 will be held at the Palmer House Hilton, a venerable Chicago
 landmark in the "Loop."  This spacious and comfortable facility is
 easily accessible from the O'Hare International and Chicago Midway
 airports, and is only 2 blocks from The John Marshall Law School.
 Special conference rates of $99/night, single or multiple
 occupancy, are available.  Our room block is guaranteed only until
 March 1, 1994, so we urge you to make your reservations as early as
 possible.  When calling for reservations, please be sure to mention
 CFP'94 to obtain the conference rate.
 Hotel Reservations: Palmer House Hilton, 17 E. Monroe, Chicago,
 Il., 60603.  Tel: 312-726-7500; 1-800-HILTONS; Fax, 312-263-2556
 REFUND POLICY
 Refund requests received in writing by March 8, 1994 will be
 honored.  A $50 cancellation fee will be applied.  No refunds will
 be made after this date; however, registrants may designate a
 substitute.
 OFFICIAL AIRLINE
 CFP'94 is proud to have United Airlines -- Chicago's Own -- as our
 own exclusive official airline!  United will give our conferees a
 5% discount off any published United or United Express airfare,
 including First Class, or 10% off the new BUA fare when purchased
 at least a week in advance of travel.  Call toll-free 1-800-521-
 4041 to make reservations and be sure to give our CFP'94 ID Number:
 541QI.
 REGISTRATION
 NAME (Please Print)
 TITLE
 AFFILIATION
 MAILING ADDRESS
 CITY, STATE, ZIP
 TELEPHONE
 E-MAIL
 PRIVACY LOCKS:  We will not sell, rent. loan, exchange or use this
 information for any purpose other than official Computers, Freedom
 and Privacy Conference activities.  A printed roster containing
 this information will be distrusted at the conference.  Please
 indicate if you wish information to be excluded from the roster:
                ( ) Print only name, affiliation and phone no.
                ( )  Print name only
                ( )  Omit my name from the roster
      ( ) I would like to attend the Privacy International luncheon
 and briefing at noon on Wednesday, March 23.  (Your attendance as
 a guest of P.I. and the Illinois Privacy Council MUST be confirmed
 by March 8, and is on a "first come" basis.)
 "CFP Soapbox Square"
      ( ) I would like to make a formal statement (3 mins.) during
 "CFP Soapbox Square" to be held from 9:15 p.m. - 11:15 p.m. on
 March 23.  My topic:
      ( ) I plan to attend "Soapbox Square" but do not wish to make
 a prepared statement, though I may join in the discussion.
 REGISTRATION FEES
 If paid by:         7 February     8 March        On Site
                     Early          Regular        Late
 Conference Fees     $315           $370           $420
 Tutorial Fees       $145           $175           $210
 Conf. & Tutorial    $460           $545           $630
 Note: If you have registered for the Tutorials, please select one
 from each group:
           9:00 A.M. - 12:00 NOON
                ( ) Cyberspace Law for Non-Lawyers
                ( ) Rules of the Road for Network
                     Travelers (CLE Credit)
                ( ) Citizen Action: Get Mad, Met
                     Motivated, Get Moving!
                ( ) Exploring Internet: A Guided Tour
                ( ) Using FOIA
           2:00 P.M. - 5:00 P.M.
                ( ) Cryptography: What, and How?
                ( ) Introduction to Hi-Tech Law (CLE Credit)
                ( ) TRAC: Evaluative Data Analysis
                ( ) The Electronic Detective" Online
                     Investigations
                ( ) Electoral Fraud
 PAYMENTS            TOTAL AMOUNT
                     Please indicated method of payment:
                     ( )  Check (payable to JMLS-CFP '94)
                     ( )  VISA
                     ( )  MasterCard
                     Credit Card #
                     Expiration Date
                     Name on Card
                     Signature
 ***********
 George B. Trubow, Professor of Law
 Director, Center for Informatics Law
 The John Marshall Law School
 315 S. Plymouth Ct.
 Chicago, IL 60604-3907
 Fax: 312-427-8307; Voice: 312-987-1445
 E-mail: 7trubow
 ***********

@_date: 1994-02-14 12:31:31
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: Re: Safire Savages Clipper 
I'll put them on the cpsr.org archive if someone sends them to me.

@_date: 1994-03-04 02:05:34
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: Guardian Article on Clipper 
The Guardian (UK)
March 3, 1994, Page 17
Are These Men A Threat To Free Speech?
US law enforcement agencies want to decode 'secret' electronic
mail, prompting a furious row about citizens' rights
by Mike Holderness
With modern communications systems you can send letters, orders and
memos around the world in minutes. But you don't want your
competitors, or their governments, siphoning the details of your
bid for that dam contract in the Far East out of the Internet. So
what do you do?
And when you receive an electronic message announcing you've won
the deal, how do you know it's genuine? It's possible to fake
electronic mail: you must worry about the possibilities for
creative industrial espionage this opens up.
Then again, you might be a Cabinet minister, setting up a meeting
with your boyfriend on the mobile phone. Wouldn't it be good to
know that no one could tap the message?
The answer to all these problems lies in encryption technology. The
solution the US government proposed earlier this month, however,
has generated a furious row in the on-line world about government
interference in citizens' right to communicate in private. The
disturbing implications for people outside the US have gone largely
Computer programs that can do practically unbreakable encryption
are available to the public in the US and elsewhere. One, named PGP
for Pretty Good Privacy, is increasingly used to authenticate
electronic messages (Computer Guardian, November 25, 1993). It can
encrypt the whole message, or send the main text "in clear",
followed by an encrypted block containing a mathematical
"fingerprint" of the message and the sender's name and address. The
program can thus verify whether a signature belongs to the
purported sender and whether the message arrives as it left.
This worries law-enforcement agencies. What if drug dealers and
terrorists start using unbreakable encryption? The US government's
Key Escrow Encryption system - commonly known by its working title,
Clipper - is its answer.
Clipper uses an encryption chip suitable for building into a mobile
phone or a modem. Its method of encryption, developed by the US
National Security Agency (NSA), depends on "keys" - codes used
mathematically to mangle the text or speech. The recipient can only
get the original back if they have the key and can use it to
un-mangle - decrypt - the message.
PGP depends on a "public-key" system. Users sending signed messages
encrypt the signature with keys known only to them.  They also
issue public keys, which are mathematically derived from the
private key, and allow anyone to verify the signature.  If someone
sends them a message encrypted with their public key, only the
private key will extract it. By contrast, each Clipper chip will
have an encryption key built in. When the chip is manufactured, two
parts of the key will be lodged with two separate US government
agencies. (In legal jargon, this is like "holding the keys in
escrow".) A secret "super-key" allows law enforcement agencies to
retrieve the serial number of the chip used on the link they're
tapping. Under US guidelines released last month, if a law
enforcement agency wants to eavesdrop on encrypted communications
it should send details of a search warrant to the agencies holding
the key components.
This is a red rag to the inhabitants of Internet discussion forums,
the world's largest functioning anarchy. There, discussions of the
right (under the First Amendment to the Constitution) to
unrestricted free speech can and do slip effortlessly into the
belief that, as one participant put it, "The people must be allowed
to discuss anything, including revolution."
According to Brian Yoder, president of California company Networxx,
"The US Constitution doesn't grant the government the power to
maintain this kind of surveillance capability over the population.
Period. The assumption is that anything that enhances the ability
of the police to catch criminals is OK, but that is not what the
Constitution says, and that's not the kind of country I want to
live in."
Cryptology specialist Dr Dorothy Denning at Georgetown University
was part of a team reviewing the NSA's design process. She points
out that Clipper "will not make it any easier to tap phones, let
alone computer networks. All it will do is make it possible to
decrypt communications that are encrypted with the standard,
assuming the communications are not super-encrypted with something
else. Law enforcers still need to get a court order."
But who trusts the NSA? The Clipper design is secret. Many assume
the Agency has built in a "trap-door" allowing it to break
encryption without the keys.
No one has proposed making non-Clipper encryption illegal, but the
US government clearly hopes to establish it as an industry
standard. For example, while it's usually illegal to export any
form of encryption technology from the US, it will be legal to
export Clipper. However, non-US companies using it to protect their
communications will have to live with the uneasy knowledge that the
NSA could be listening in - and the NSA, like its UK sibling
organisation GCHQ in Cheltenham, has a long history of intercepting
foreign commercial messages for the benefit of home companies.
(GCHQ declined to say whether it had been involved in any
discussions over Clipper.)
The protests have started. A petition organised by Computer
Professionals for Social Responsibility against Clipper, and in
favour of a Bill to permit export of competing encryption systems,
gathered more than 20,000 electronic signatures in its first two
Wired magazine has proclaimed, "This is a pivotal moment in
history", accusing "the Clinton-Gore administration" of "attempting
a stealth strike on our rights". It has asked readers to sign the
CPSR  petition and "call or write your Congressional
representatives and let them know how you feel."
Encryption and authentication are important for much more than the
privacy of the frequently obscure or banal discussions on the
Internet. Medical and financial records are now commonly held on
computers, and a growing proportion of business transactions take
place on-line. Cyberspace is where your money is.
For private communications, Emma Nicholson MP takes a relaxed view:
"In communicating, we should start from a belief that everyone
listens to everything. Gossip is what makes the world go round. I
have very few secrets. I would be deeply concerned if a device were
marketed that could stop interception - I would support the FBI
Computer-law barrister Alistair Kelman, however, believes any
attempt to enforce the Clipper chip as a worldwide standard would
meet stiff opposition. The European Commission could be expected to
object that it fell foul of Treaty of Rome provisions against
misuse of a dominant position. "If you want to have a world
standard for encryption, fine," Kelman said, but the EC could
respond, "Let's get together and settle on something that meets our
requirements as well."

@_date: 1994-04-14 07:44:18
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: Press Release on Secure NCSA Mosiac 
Secure NCSA Mosaic establishes  necessary framework for electronic commerce onthe Internet PALO ALTO, CALIF. (APRIL 12) BUSINESS WIRE - April 12, 1994--
Enterprise Integration Technologies (EIT), the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA) at the University of Illinois and RSA Data Security Tuesday announced agreements to jointly develop and distribute a secure version of NCSA Mosaic, the popular point-and-click interface that enables easy access to thousands of multimedia information services on the Internet. The announcement was made in conjunction with the launch of CommerceNet, a large-scale market trial of electronic commerce on the Internet.  Under the agreements, EIT will integrate its Secure-HTTP software with public key cryptography from RSA into NCSA Mosaic Clients and World Wide Web (WWW) servers.  WWW is a general-purpose architecture for information retrieval comprised of thousands of computers and servers that is available to anyone on Internet.  The enhancements will then be made available to NCSA for widespread public distribution and commercial licensing. Jay M. Tenenbaum, chief executive officer of EIT, believes secure NCSA Mosaic will help unleash the commercial potential of the Internet by enabling buyers and sellers to meet spontaneously and transact business. "While NCSA Mosaic makes it possible to browse multimedia catalogs, view product videos, and fill out order forms, there is currently no commercially safe way to consummate a sale," said Tenenbaum.  "With public key cryptography, however, one can authenticate the identity of trading partners so that access to sensitive information can be properly accounted for." This secure version of NCSA Mosaic allows users to affix digital signatures which cannot be repudiated and time stamps to contracts so that they become legally binding and auditable.  In addition, sensitive information such as credit card numbers and bid amounts can be securely exchanged under encryption.  Together, these capabilities provide the foundation for a broad range of financial services, including the network equivalents of credit and debit cards, letters of credit and checks.  In short, such secure WWW software enables all users to safely transact day-to-day business involving even their most valuable information on the Internet. According to Joseph Hardin, director of the NCSA group that developed NCSA Mosaic, over 50,000 copies of the interface software are being downloaded monthly from NCSA's public server - with over 300,000 copies to date. Moreover, five companies have signed license agreements with NCSA and announced plans to release commercial products based on NCSA Mosaic. "This large and rapidly growing installed base represents a vast, untapped marketplace," said Hardin.  "The availability of a secure version of NCSA Mosaic establishes a valid framework for companies to immediately begin large-
scale commerce on the Internet." Jim Bidzos, president of RSA, sees the agreement as the beginning of a new era in electronic commerce, where companies routinely transact business over public networks. "RSA is proud to provide the enabling public key software technology and will make it available on a royalty-free basis for inclusion in NCSA's public distribution of NCSA Mosaic,"  said Bidzos.  "RSA and EIT will work together to develop attractive licensing programs for commercial use of public key technology in WWW servers." At the CommerceNet launch, Allan M. Schiffman, chief technical officer of EIT, demonstrated a working prototype of secure NCSA Mosaic, along with a companion product that provides for a secure WWW server. The prototype was implemented using RSA's TIPEM toolkit. "In integrating public key cryptography into NCSA Mosaic, we took great pains to hide the intricacies and preserve the simplicity and intuitive nature of NCSA Mosaic," explained Schiffman. Any user that is familiar with NCSA Mosaic should be able to understand and use the software's new security features.  Immediately to the left of NCSA's familiar spinning globe icon, a second icon has been inserted that is designed to resemble a piece of yellow paper. When a document is signed, a red seal appears at the bottom of the paper, which the user can click on to see the public key certificates of the signer and issuing agencies.  When an arriving document is encrypted, the paper folds into a closed envelope, signifying that its formation is hidden from prying eyes.  When the user fills out a form containing sensitive information, there is a "secure send" button that will encrypt it prior to transmission. To effectively employ public-key cryptography, an infrastructure must be created to certify and standardize the usage of public key certificates. CommerceNet will certify public keys on behalf of member companies, and will also authorize third parties such as banks, public agencies and industry consortia to issue keys.  Such keys will often serve as credentials, for example, identifying someone as a customer of a bank, with a guaranteed credit line. Significantly, all of the transactions involved in doing routine purchases from a catalog can be accomplished without requiring buyers to obtain public keys.  Using only the server's public key, the buyer can authenticate the identity of the seller, and transmit credit card information securely by encrypting it under the seller's public key. Because there are fewer servers than clients, public key administration issues are greatly simplified. To successfully combine simplicity of operation and key administration functions with a high level of security that can be accessible to even non-
sophisticated users, significant changes were necessary for existing WWW security protocols.  EIT developed a new protocol called Secure-HTTP for dealing with a full range of modern cryptographic algorithms and systems in the Web. Secure-HTTP enables incorporation of a variety of cryptographic standards, including, but not limited to, RSA's PKCS-7, and Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM), and supports maximal interoperation between clients and servers using different cryptographic algorithms. Cryptosystem and signature system interoperation is particularly useful between U.S. residents and non-U.S. residents, where the non-U.S. residents may have to use weaker 40-bit keys in conjunction with RSA's RC2 and RC4 variable keysize ciphers.  EIT intends to publish Secure-HTTP as an Internet standard, and work with others in the WWW community to create a standard that will encourage using the Web for a wide variety of commercial transactions. EIT will make Secure NCSA Mosaic software available at no charge to CommerceNet members in September and NCSA will incorporate these secure features in future NCSA Mosaic releases. Enterprise Integration Technologies Corp., of Palo Alto, (EIT), is an R&D and consulting organization, developing software and services that help companies do business on the Internet.  EIT is also project manager of CommerceNet. The National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA), developer of the Mosaic hypermedia browser based at the University of Illinois in Champaign, Ill., is pursuing a wide variety of software projects aimed at making the Internet more useful and easier to use. RSA Data Security Inc., Redwood City, Calif., invented Public Key Cryptography and performs basic research and development in the cryptographic sciences. RSA markets software that facilitates the integration of their technology into applications. Information on Secure NCSA Mosaic can be obtained by sending e-mail to shttp-
infoeit.com. --30--pc/sf  CONTACT:  Hamilton Communications     Nancy Teater, 415/321-0252 KEYWORD:  CALIFORNIA ILLINOIS INDUSTRY KEYWORD:  COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED Z REPEATS: New York 212-575-8822 or 800-221-2462; Boston 617-330-5311 or 800-
225-2030; SF 415-986-4422 or 800-227-0845; LA 310-820-9473    Transmitted:  94-04-12 12:08:00 EDT

@_date: 1994-04-16 08:55:25
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: FOIA- New Docs Reveal Criticisms of FBI Cost-Benefit Analysis of DT 
[1] FBI Wiretap Claims Questioned
Ever since it first proposed "Digital Telephony" legislation in 1992, the Federal Bureau of Investigation has claimed that wiretapping enables law enforcement agencies to prevent billions of dollars in economic loss.  Most recently, in a briefing book on the proposed legislation dated March 8, 1994, the Bureau stated that "[t]he economic benefit from the continued use of electronic surveillance (fines, recoveries, restitution, forfeitures and prevented economic loss) is in the billions of dollars per year."
These FBI figures are derived from a cost-benefit analysis the Bureau drafted in May 1992 to justify the substantial cost the telecommunications industry would need to bear in order to comply with the legislation.  Among other things, the FBI analysis claimed that electronic surveillance had prevented more than $1.8 billion in "potential economic loss" between 1985 and 1991.
CPSR has now obtained government documents under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) that raise substantial questions as to the accuracy of these numbers.  The documents contain comments on the Bureau's cost-benefit analysis from various components of the federal government, including the White House.  These internal critiques of the FBI analysis include the following:
* May 22, 1992 memo from the White House:
"The analysis should make consistent assumptions with respect to both costs and benefits.  The benefits analysis should reflect clearly that only some cases  involve electronic surveillance; that some surveillance could continue in the absence of this legislation (at least for some period of years); and that some convictions could probably still be obtained absent surveillance." "The analysis does not consider the existence of or the potential for other forms of surveillance that might compensate for the reduction in telephone wiretapping capabilities." ...
"On p. 4 and p. 6, certain figures representing 'prevented potential economic loss' are cited.  Please explain what losses are encompassed in those figures and how they are calculated."
In addition to these new documents, industry officials at a
Congressional hearing on March 18 sharply questioned the FBI's figures.
Roy Neel, President of the US Telephone Association, disputed the FBI's
figures that the bill would only cost around 300 million, citing that
just revising call forwarding would cost an estimated $1.8 billion.
   ----------------------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1994-04-16 08:56:39
@_author: Dave Banisar 
@_subject: Counter-Intelligence Provisions Pass Senate 
[2] National Security Provisions Added to Competitiveness Act
In March, the US Senate added several controversial provisions to S. 4,
the National Competitiveness Act of 1994, to make counter-intelligence
surveillance easier. The amendment, named the Counter-Intelligence
Improvement Act of 1994, was introduced by Senator William Cohen (R-ME)
and approved by a voice vote March 10. S. 4 passed the Senate on March
16 and is now pending in the House of Representatives as HR. 820.
One provision makes it easier for the FBI to obtain credit reports.
Another allows the secretive Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court to
authorize break-ins. Section 1011(b) authorizes the FBI to obtain the credit reports of
individuals without a warrant if a designee of the Attorney General
sends a letter to the credit bureau stating that the subject is the
target of a counter-intelligence investigation and they have "specific
and articulable facts" that the person is a foreign agent.
Section 1011(c) allows the FBI to obtain the name, address, former
addresses, current and former places of employment of a person from a
credit bureau with a written request stating that "the information is
necessary to the conduct of an authorized foreign counterintelligence
investigation." The credit bureaus are prohibited from disclosing to
the people that their reports have been obtained. The only oversight is
a yearly report presented to the Intelligence Committees of the House
and the Senate.
Another provision allows the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court,
(FISC) a secretive court of 7 specially chosen judges created by the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 to authorize physical
searches. The court currently only has jurisdiction to authorize
electronic surveillance in counter-intelligence cases. Since its
formation in 1979, it has never rejected any of the 6,500 requests by
the government for a electronic surveillance order.

@_date: 1994-09-20 06:31:04
@_author: David Banisar 
@_subject: Patient Privacy at Risk (FWD) 
Fwd from the Coalition for Patient Rights (CPRMA
                                 Alert
                         Patient Privacy at Risk
                            Contact the ACLU
The ACLU appears on a list of endorsers of the Wofford/Dodd amendment
which amends one of the Senate health care reform bills.  Major
portions of W/D would have a severely adverse impact on the
confidentiality of medical records.  Although W/D has been rendered
partly obsolete as newer health care reform bills are advanced under
new names and new coalitions, many of its principal features remain
intact in the new bills.  It has become a reference point.  It is for
this reason that the signature of the ACLU on a list of endorsers of
W/D (on a document entitled "Wofford/Dodd Fact Sheet") is so
troubling and so damaging.
The amendment creates federal standards for the disclosure of
personally identifiable health care information and establishes a
framework for a national health care data network.  On the surface,
the goals seem good. Who wouldn't be for establishing strict federal
guidelines to ensure privacy where none existed before?  For that
matter, why not support a data network that would allow a treating
physician to have immediate access to all pertinent medical
Clearly we have to look beyond the advertisement and into the details
of the bills for the answers to these questions.  For example, in
Sec. 508(a) of Mitchell 3 (the bill offered by the Senate majority
leader), the "health information network service" is made the agent
of the provider.  This means that once a third party bureaucratic
agency receives the information electronically, it is deemed the same
as the health care provider in making decisions about the release of
the information.  Sensitive medical information, including intimate
psychological information, would be available electronically to an
increasing number of people legally--not to mention the
well-documented risks of illegal access.  Among those with enhanced
access would be law enforcement officials and government agencies.
Even researchers could access personally identifiable health
information, if an institutional review board holds that the project
is "of sufficient importance to outweigh the intrusion into the
privacy of the person who is the subject of the information."  The
patient has no right to refuse such disclosure even though it
includes his or her name.
There are many examples of person-identified medical information,
including sensitive personal information, that have been shared with
health care providers with the expectation of privacy that would now
be legally accessible to many third parties.  The argument is made
that this kind of access already exists, so why not codify it.  The
logic is faulty.  It is true we already have serious problems
protecting the privacy of medical records in this country.  Legally
sanctioning medical access to an ever enlarging list of third parties
is not the solution.  It will only compound an already serious
A compelling argument has been made that the establishment of a
national health care data network that requires all providers to
disclose information about every patient contact would violate the
Fourth Amendment's prohibition of "unreasonable searches and
seizures" of the person.  Many organizations have raised serious
concerns about Wofford/Dodd, including the American Psychiatric
Association, the American Psychoanalytic Association, Coalition for
Patient Rights, National Organization of Women, and the AIDS Action We hope that the ACLU joins us in support of genuine privacy
legislation. We hope that there was an error when it appeared on a
short list of supporters of Wofford/Dodd (June 10, 1994)
Call your state chapter of the ACLU.  It is listed as Civil Liberties
Union of (your state) in the white pages.  Let them know of your
concern.If possible, also fax Laura Murphy Lee at the ACLU in
Washington (202-546-0738) and let her know your concern regarding the
position of the ACLU in supporting W/D.
This alert is provided by the Coalition for Patient Rights,
Massachusetts (617, 433-0114).
