
@_date: 1995-01-10 00:49:55
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: Files and mail 
This may be true of public access BBS systems, but on corporate
sites the smart money pulls the other way.  Smart corps avoid
reading email for the same reason they avoid listening in on voice conversations (except in telemarketing etc.).  Likelihood
of a corporation being held liable for any abusive use of a system
by an employee is drastically outweighed by the likelihood of
a costly wrongful dismissal suit should any investigation of private
correspondence reveal some private fact (e.g. they are gay,
they are having an affair, etc.) that leads to their dismissal
(and thus loss of access to the system!).  In other words, abuse by
managers of their supervisory priveleges is far more likely to come back and haunt the organization than abuse by employees, in legal
terms anyway.
At a recent seminar on doing business on the internet I stated
this opinion to an audience that included at least 20 lawyers.
None disagreed, the numbers are clear enough.  One added the
qualification, which I agree with, that pirated software that
the organization directly benefits from is a specific exception
where the organization is guilty until proven innocent.  But
he hastened to add that the rest of the argument stood up.  We
agreed that a 'software audit' program such as the SPA provides
could meet that need without compromising end user privacy.
Slowly I believe that Prodigy, AOL, etc., are getting this message,
that it costs more to censor than not to.  Reading of the week:
"Defending Pornography", by the head of the ACLU (yes a woman) who
argues that the fight against censorship is equivalent to the fight
for women's rights, and historically has always had the same enemies.
Kind words on the jacket from Friedan and other mainstream feminists.
I can't speak to the paranoia of garage system operators but:
We work with a lot of large corporate clients using the internet.
We have recommended PGP as a means of securing privacy for all
corporate communications (note I don't use it from this site as
I don't download all mail from here before reading it, a GUI
PGP that was usable would go a long way to overcoming resistance)
and deal only with BBS operators who fully support user privacy.
As I suggest, we have recommended strongly against investigating
the contents of mail etc., and have been backed by the lawyers
of these organizations who see a nightmare of legal liability
even in the *ability* to look. (When does the ability to look
become an obligation to record?  Go ask your service provider!)
It seems to me that, although there have been some misguided
prosecutions with serious impact on the livelihoods of some
small operators, the defense that the operators did not know
what was moving through their site has held up.  Criminal
liability hinges on knowledge of the act - you cannot be held
criminally liable unless you knew what was going on... period.
Exceptions to that ('guilty until proven innocent' doctrine
that blames the publisher and forces them also to be a censor)
are offensive to the principles of both the law and liberalism.
I would cite broadcasting law as an example of such an abusive
body of law, and note that it was written entirely in this century.
The 'common carrier' status is not a silver bullet, it obligates
carriers to co-operate with authorities to maintain that status,
as it is specially granted.  It is actually better to let it evolve
by precedent, a 'de facto' common carrier defense, as that way it
cannot be withdrawn by a government without special legislation that
itself may be overturned by the courts (in constitutional democracies).
In other words, keep on using PGP, ditch providers who forbid it, and
recommend it to every company you can.  Once it becomes clear to Ford
and Kraft and GM that a decision to hold a BBS operator responsible
for traffic that moved through his system without his intervention,
is also likely to deem *them* responsible for employees (and suppliers!)
once they have established internally a comfortable precedent of just
leaving the mail alone... very expensive and disruptive to overturn...
you can be damn sure that some serious campaign contributions will swing
over to the privacy advocates.
I make these assumptions:  that corporate America, as commercial entities,
have no interest in knowing about anything that is not directly related
to the making of money.  It does not want its business complicated by
the necessity to become a censor of employee discussions.  Piss tests
etc. were an example of DoD over-control forcibly imposed on the private
sector... with predictable results like the Intel Pentagronk (who ever heard
of a serious system being built entirely without benefit of psychoactives?)
With DoD spending disappearing, the military-industrial complex shrinking,
this economic influence is reduced and we get more overt legislative attempts
to exert control like the Clipper, motivated by 'civilian' concerns like
'kiddie porn' (gee Japan has no such laws and it hasn't collapsed yet, has
lower incidence of child molestation too...) and 'violent porn' (same story,
you can get it in Denmark and they have less rape than here...) and 'stolen
goods' (which can be moved around easily enough by a hundred other means).
In other words, the same lame excuses that politicians use every time they
want to control people.  But I don't think business is with the program,
I think corporations only react to fear of liability etc. (which is kept
heightened by governments with their own agenda) which can be reduced by
education and measured by intelligent risk analysis.  In my opinion, as the architect of several risk management systems, the latter demonstrates
that the danger is less than 'most BBS operators' think, and it arises
from different factors than they think, to wit:
  If a small service provider is prosecuted for moving alt.binaries.snuff
  through his system, it is not because he carries it: so do 500 other
  service providers, and they can't prosecute them all.  It is because
  he was careless enough to indicate in non-PGP-encrypted email that he
  was intending to make a political donation to the prosecutor's opponent.
  Barring a nationwide crackdown, where the initial prosecution is always
  carefully chosen for minimum public sympathy, these random prosecutions
  are going to be motivated by the petty whims of cops and bureaucrats.
  I see no reason why one would leave one's opinions open to them to read.
  All that can do is make you a target, and who needs to be a target ?
That said, I can understand their fear.  If I were operating an internet
service today, I doubt I would have posted this to cypherpunks (which I
read primarily to protect my own privacy, that of my clients, and advise
them on effective means of privacy protection).  Now I'm probably on an
NSA list somewhere... good thing I'm up here in Canada...!
Craig Hubley                Business that runs on knowledge
Craig Hubley & Associates   needs software that runs on the Web
craig   416-778-6136  416-778-1965 FAX

@_date: 1995-01-11 22:19:35
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Reefer madness 
Seems to me I have seen something like this cybersmut hype
before... wasn't it called 'Reefer Madness'?

@_date: 1995-01-17 00:09:21
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: FBI and BLACKNET 
Also would be useful to know the equivalent procedures for Canada, UK, etc.
Filing such a request would probably get a file opened on you, too, but
so what?  The more these files fill up with innocent people the more
useless they get.  Perhaps everyone ought to sign up their granny to receive the Loompanics catalog or 2600, as a way to generate noise.
Regarding BlackNet, I am not sure that they are not *run* by the FBI,
or NSA, or CIA, MI6, Interpol, or some more mysterious quasi-governmental entity.  Such agencies must realize that traffic in secrets is possible,
inevitable, and would probably love to put themselves first in line to buy.  Think of the value:  embarrass rival agencies, identify leaks (if not
sources), raise funds for clandestine operations through resale or blackmail,
etc. Security agencies have often engaged in smuggling as a form of entrapment,
and/or fundraising;  Consider Iran-Contra as a recent high-level example.  The
mandate to trap offenders in a 'sting' also provides a handy alibi to excuse
such operations if they are ever exposed.  Citizens have no such protections.
Even a record of successful dealings with BlackNet would mean little.  If it
were run by, say, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Commission, then presumably
it would purchase non-nuclear secrets at high prices to build up credibility.
When a nuclear secret was offered for sale it would spare no expense to find the source.  In fact the 'highest bidder' for a secret would often be the
embarrassed/enraged agency responsible for preventing its leak.  At the very
least such agencies could be expected to deal secretly with the BlackNets...
why search out a secret yourself if you can buy it on the 'open' market?
Craig Hubley                Business that runs on knowledge
Craig Hubley & Associates   needs software that runs on the Web
craig   416-778-6136  416-778-1965 FAX

@_date: 1995-01-19 01:48:32
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: FBI and BLACKNET 
Mixed feelings.  On the one hand, I am starting to believe in this theory
more and more.  On the other hand, I think that having a BlackNet run by
security agencies is actually a stabilizing thing to some degree:  those
who are foolish enough to deal with unknown parties with unknown interests
in arbitrary secrets with petty motives will generally become neutralized.
For instance, those who sell 2000 credit card numbers or 500 broken Digital
Cash Card readouts (is this possible) can be paid or prosecuted at leisure.
In either case, such folks will find more and more security holes plugged
as they clearly identify where they are for the security agencies... this
would prevent a general crackdown on cryptography etc., effectively the
security agencies would have learned to work 'within the new realities'.
I suspect targets might be less likely to be chosen by police discretion,
and more likely to be chosen for their threat value, if they required less
(discretionary) effort to investigate in the first place.  Note that some
laws, like small scale marijuana growing, often go unenforced unless there
is a specific complaint or hard evidence is directly presented to police.
In the 'BlackNet sting', such a flow of evidence would be constantly on its
way in to the police, probably forcing them into more of a reactive mode,
and definitely focusing their attention on those actively peddling secrets
as opposed to those just trying to keep them.  Not too bad for privacy.
Furthermore, the flow of truly scary secrets flowing their way might make
them ration their effort to plug leaks of high priority:  nuclear weapon
design, biological warfare blueprints, formulae for putting necrotizing
fascitis into the common cold protein coat, 'gray goo' nanotechnology...
and other things that constitute serious threats to life on this planet.
This might probably divert effort away from prosecuting 'victimless crime',
enhancing civil liberties. For once such agencies might be 'doing their job'.
If indeed they have any legitimate job, which is always up for debate.
Of course they will also engage in petty prosecution of those who they
perceive are acting against their narrow interests, but all organisms
act to preserve and advance themselves... this comes and goes with their
leaders (J. Edgar Hoover, William Casey come to mind as good/bad examples)
who hopefully turn over with the tide of politics, minimizing the abuses
in the long run.  Of course this is little consolation to those they target.
Systematic abuses might be more easily revealed by 'whistleblowers' if there
were a clear record kept 'inside' of which leads were followed and which not.
Blow the whistle?  Sure, we could.  But what difference does it make?  If
no one trusts BlackNets, then the security agencies just take a different
route to building up credibility for a 'sting', using more private means,
or many such more private means, and again we increase their discretionary
powers as they decide where to devote effort to building up a reputation
(hmm do we target Columbian druglords?  biohackers?  breakaway republics?
cryptographers?) and thereby where to concentrate enforcement.  Perhaps by
blowing a whistle on a 'BlackNet sting' we simply force them to evolve to
more devious methods, that require more planning, and costs more (thus maybe
reducing their overall activity - although history says otherwise) but in
the long run is even more directed by the interest/prejudice of leaders.  It
may be that the simpler and more reactive the methods they apply, the better.
It is largely premeditated human scheming that starts wars, isn't it?  Not
simple knee jerks.  Perhaps others believe otherwise, but not really an issue
for debate in cypherpunks.
Perhaps it is better to co-opt agencies by giving them a reason to adopt
the cryptographer's agenda.  It's got to be cheaper and easier for them
to sit and buy secrets than it is to go out and dig them up themselves...
and cryptography generally advances that capability as folks feel safe
using it to transmit secrets electronically.  Of course the idea that black nets must be a sting is speculation, but
it would hardly be the first time that security agencies and those that
they officially target had developed a symbiotic relationship.  Here in
Canada it was recently revealed that CSIS (the 'Canadian CIA') had been
actively involved in the founding of the Heritage Front, a neo-Nazi group.
In fact one of their leaders was an agent!  Interestingly, this appears to be a more effective/cheaper way to control a large group of otherwise
dangerous people - if they want to follow a leader, let them!  Just make
sure the leader is someone you control and you can prevent things from
getting too far out of hand.  Which is the only time that CSIS or the CIA
should be stepping in anyway.  It is sort of a pre-emptive strike and not
at all 'politically correct' in a liberal democracy, but they do it anyway.
That's life.  And maybe it's easier to keep an eye on simple forms of life.
Craig Hubley                Business that runs on knowledge
Craig Hubley & Associates   needs software that runs on the Web
craig   416-778-6136  416-778-1965 FAX

@_date: 1995-01-22 15:28:40
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney? Why not a web of debt? 
You are talking about trading mortgage-backed (and other debt-backed)
securities, and what you say can be generalized to bonds and certain
FX contracts as well.  Certainly derivatives often use debt instruments
in their formulation.
This could work, but you are talking about securities markets, which
do this already.  Selling securities over remailers would be sure to
bring down the wrath of moneyed establishment types... :-)
This is the problem.  Government always ends up playing this role,
and so it reserves the right to decide what it is willing to enforce...
classifying the rest as 'gambling' or some other unenforceable debt...
Craig Hubley                Business that runs on knowledge
Craig Hubley & Associates   needs software that runs on the Web
craig   416-778-6136  416-778-1965 FAX

@_date: 1995-01-27 16:13:05
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: anonymous mailing 
Since you invite comment:
You seem to think that anoynimity can be separated from privacy itself.
Anoynimity was an accidental feature of the telephone system that was
only recently eliminated.  Now, it seems, that those who seek control
over others have realized that it could be eliminated in other media
as well (why not routinely fingerprint everyone, and dust all postal
mail for fingerprints? More practically, why not earmark every transaction
on the Reuters feed?  Or credit every article in the Economist?).  But
even these fundamental disruptions to basic institutions are dwarfed by
the threat to individual confidence to speak out and not fear retribution,
in a world with so many laws that everyone is breaking one or another...
Consider this:  Given the speed and efficiency with which data
can be gathered over the networks, including levels of traffic between
entitites (often the most useful data for purposes of spying on them),
it could be a matter of a short time before a complete dossier of our
motions and associations is in the hands of every lawful authority,
every service provider, and every brother in law of either, and for sale
to the highest bidder - note that most complaints against "hackers" that
dig up private data concern attacks against large data banks (e.g. bank
records).  We might question the buildup of these data banks that make
us so vulnerable to invasions of privacy, rather than those who invade.
I am pondering whether to put a standing offer out in this feared "hacker"
community for your tax records.  If I received no takers for the challenge,
I am confident that it would not be due to lack of ability, but because
they respect your rights more than your respect theirs.  That is, ours.
That is, yours.
There is no need to protect my name in this case, but only because it
seems clear to me that a majority of those who understand this issue,
stand on my side.  If we ever become a minority I may feel less confident,
and then anoynimity may make the difference between speaking out alone or
not at all.  Extinguish the "lone anonymous voice" from electronic media,
which is the mainstream in which commerce is done and thoughts develop,
and you might as well have extinguished the pamphleteer from the American
Revolution.  In fact, you *will* have extinguished him.  I hope you have
something to replace him with:  Universal tolerance ?  Spiritual nirvana?
How do you propose to protect the lone citizen with an unpopular view who
is not yet numerous enough to command a seat in Congress.
Craig Hubley                Business that runs on knowledge
Craig Hubley & Associates   needs software that runs on the net
craig   416-778-6136  416-778-1965 FAX

@_date: 1995-01-27 16:59:38
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Shut up already - James Donald does not even exist... 
James Donald does not exist.  We can stop the flame war now.  Trying to
be a good net.citizen, I sent "him" e-mail to correct one of "his" line-
noise-quality opinions quietly (so he might shut up) - has no one else
tried this?  It bounced, failing to resolve host which does not usually
happen here if the site is real.  So I submit the following as evidence
that "he" does not exist:
- com.informix.com does not seem real.
- no living human being could hold such opinions and simultaneously operate
  his vital organs (i.e. the level of intelligence implied by his "opinions"
  is even lower than that necessary to support breathing and digestion)
- posting pseudonymously to cypherpunks and engaging them in spurious flame
  argument might seem like fun to someone hostile to the anoynimity agenda
  and a way of generating a case that "see, anonymous/pseudonymous use of
  the internet angers even cypherpunks"
James, if you *do* exist, I suggest you shut up now before someone you may
want to work for reads your idiot posts.  As for me, I am enforcing my own
opinion that you do not exist by entering your "address" in my filter file.
Those of you who care about flame wars can read the following bounced msg:

@_date: 1995-01-29 02:51:09
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Tabloid TV coverage of pedophiles using BBS - with feedback #s 
On TV as I am hacking here, is some Tabloid Trash called
"The Crusaders",  which I would have definitely flipped off
once the late movie was over, if it hadn't been for these
'intriguing' sound bites they ran:
"Your children may fall victim to pedophiles in the safety of
 their own bedroom!  And the Crusaders are out to stop them..."
"The newest high tech scheme sex offenders use on your children,
 and how you can stop it!  Child molestors on your home computer!"
I am staying tuned through stories on adoption reunions and nursing home neglect, just to see how to protect my children...
(20 min. later)
They show a lot of kids using computers, then modems and BBS systems.
They mentioned the usefulness of nets for 'homework' and games, but:
"We recently tapped into a bulletin board containing hordes of files,
 from lingerie shots to shocking pictures... that show anything goes."
"10% of the adult population on the boards are looking to solicit children,
 says a police chief in (Amish country in PA)."
From there I expected a lot worse, but actually it got a whole lot better:
"Talk to your kids, and don't use the computer as a babysitter... parents
 need to know there are dangerous people out there..."
An FBI expert said that the 'best way' to combat pedophiles was to educate
police how computers work, and second to make people aware without implying
that a computer is a bad thing.  He said he thought teenagers would seek
out sexually explicit material and that current 'protections' (e.g. warnings
on explicit files) were inadequate.  [What this had to do with pedophilia he
didn't say.  All the kids interviewed had been solicited on other premises...
e.g. one had been lured to a pedophile's home to install a non-existent net.
It seems that none of the pedophiles had lured kids with sexual materials
but no point was made of this.  They indirectly implied a relationship.]
Other advice offered was to keep kids from offering personal information on
the BBSs, and to accompany your child the first time they go to meet someone
they met on a BBS.
There was no brainless advocacy of censorship, nor a call to ban anoynimity
(although the police chief in PA said he thought pedophiles were 'emboldened'
by the 'anonymous computer environment' which is probably more or less true),
even though they talked directly to one (male) kid who'd actually been raped.
This was exploitative, but it was also real, and it was just stark enough to
make the point.  No hysteria, the kid was calm.  This was the kid who had
been lured to install the net.
Given that they actually gave practical advice that might actually work and
was not generally hysterical, it was about as good as one might expect.  They
fell short of saying that the pedophilia was isolated and unrelated to most
of the graphic material on the boards.  The "10%" was the only number they
offered. Apparently they could find only 2 convictions for BBS-related pedo-
philia in the US.  Actually it seemed to me that the most objectionable things was this crazy
10% estimate, which might mean 10% of the adults on purely porn-oriented BBS
sites, but it was left implied that 10% of *all* adult BBS/network users were
trying to lure children into sexual situations!
After that the most objectionable thing was the hysterical tag lines which
are mandatory on Tabloid TV.  They didn't seem to be written by the reporter.
Reporter's name was Howard Thompson, editor was Ralph Herman
Fax number for the show is 818-841-6500.
Transcripts of the show are available for $6 at 1-800-777-T-E-X-T (Burrelle)

@_date: 1995-02-11 02:49:54
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: West (just a minute) 
Hmm, how hard could it be to eliminate West page numbers?
There couldn't be more than a couple of cases on each page, if each page number were replaced by links to each case, a
lawyer could tell on the first glance which of the three was
right and mark it, assuming a reasonable HTML/SGML editor or
something.  Seems like it could be done as a part of daily work
and the results accreted somewhere.

@_date: 1995-07-22 01:01:59
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Three strikes you're out!  for politicians... yeah we wish! 
Here's something you *can* do:  "Three strikes you're out" for politicians.
Any time the Supreme Court strikes down a law, any politician who has been found to have voted in favor of three such laws is immediately stripped of
all offices and rendered ineligible to run for public office ever again,
at any level.  (The same might apply to those found to have lied to a court
A politician who would trade citizen rights for political gain must be denied
the benefits of such a tradeoff.  This might prevent the rise of demagogues.
Term limits, etc., would of course help as well.  It would also give those
politicians who vote for 'motherhood' issues like 'protecting kids from the
perverts on the Internet' a good reason to think twice about the real issue.
If they REALLY believe they are protecting someone, they will still vote in
favor.  If they are going with the flow to avoid criticism, they'll lose in
the end.
My reasoning is that any politician whose laws are consistently struck down
should be deemed to lack a fundamental understanding of the rights of the
citizens of his/her country or jurisdiction.  They are thus a poor guardian
of those rights.
You heard it here first.
Craig Hubley

@_date: 1995-09-26 05:30:22
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Press release 
Heh.  Seems so.
Damn fine idea, but how do a bunch of (p)anarchists choose a mouthpiece ?
Should we assign someone to be 'our' lawyer ?
I'd volunteer to be 'spokespunk', I've certainly been interviewed for TV and
print enough, and know how to handle and present myself to the press, but if
this is considered an 'honor' rather than a 'pain in the ass and potential
legal lightning rod' then I'd like to suggest someone with a longer pedigree
who has been writing more code lately take it on.  Tim ?

@_date: 1995-09-26 05:29:18
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks press releases/contact list: YES!! DO IT!! 
True enough, but there are sometimes rough consenses on technical questions,
and if it were clear enough that these were collective in nature and not to
be ascribed to any particular person, e.g.:
"Consensus on cypherpunks seems to be that 40 bit encryption is not viable
 for commercial applications, and that Netscape seems to have taken less
 than due care to choose an appropriate random seed for its session keys."

@_date: 1995-09-29 01:33:10
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: SpokesPunking... 
Does this read like spokespunking ?  I kind of read it more like journalism.
Then again, the role of a temporary mouthpiece, if claimed by anyone, will
lead to a series of flame attacks no matter what they say, even if correct
and reasonable.  And we don't need more of those!  So no spokespunking!
How about standardizing on:  "It seems to me that..." and if someone wants
to refer to his impression of what 'other' punks think, then so be it.
As I was today.  Banking technology or some such trade rag.  Stay tuned
for the editor's guaranteed-outrageous misquotes.  I was careful not to
say anything that might be constured as a quasi-official 'punk' position.
I made the point that the hacking of secure systems, when done in the open,
and without intent to grab private information, was a legitimate activity
in the computer security community, which included the cypherpunks as one
of several interested sub-communities.  And that Netscape saw it that way
too, having acknowledged that they had 'learned a lot', etc.  So...
Flame me!

@_date: 1995-09-29 01:36:57
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunk press releases vs. FAQ 
I favor a FAQ, but only if each individual answer is attributed to a
specific person and others can answer the same question with possibly
a contradictory answer (but may not refer to the others' answer, that
just makes it quoting and flaming).  Perhaps organized as a hypertext.
Everyone has an HTML browser now, right ?

@_date: 1995-12-06 21:22:11
@_author: Craig Hubley 
@_subject: secure listservs? 
Looking for some secure listserv software, preferably something
that will automatically generate purpose-specific PGP keys for
each user and one for the listserv.  Each user encodes mail for
the list with the list's public key, signing it with their own
private key (either the purpose specific one, or their regular
key).  Each user receives mail from the listserv encoded with
the corresponding public key.  That way each user has a choice
of using their published key (for convenience) or their purpose-
specific key, possibly in conjunction with an anonymous remailer,
to ensure the segmentation of these communications from others
that they may engage in.
Anyone seen/built anything like this ?
