
@_date: 1995-11-05 07:21:11
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Version 2 Elliptic Curve Crypto 
on ftp.csua.berkeley.edu/pub/cypherpunks/ciphers.  This version is twice as fast as eliptic.tar.  A newer version of the elliptic.2.doc is being
fixed right now, the only difference with what is posted is a correct reference to the CRYPTO '95 article on polynomial basis inversion.  Enjoy.
Albrecht (eh  He is in the process of setting up macros to get this to compile under just about any unix system.  He's also fixed quite a few bugs and is cleaning up a bunch of uninitialized data structures that I didn't notice.  Last I heard it was working, so if you want to play on a specific platform, contact Steve directly.
'95 paper) thinks that calling elliptic curves "strong crypto" may be over selling it.  I'm not enough of a mathematician to know how to argue, but it seems to me that almost perfect random output is about as close to strong crypto as one could get.  Security thru obscurity doesn't work, elliptic curves are obscure and so far not studied to the same extent as RSA or DES.  However, I'll make the claim that elliptic curves are "strong crypto" until proven otherwise.
for a plaintext/ciphertext challenge?  I'll put something together and post it in the next few weeks.  I'll use the symmetric encryption subroutine.  If there is any interest, should I put out a public key challenge as well?  Note, I ain't rich, so only token prizes (like $50 ecash and $50 real for each challenge).  The point is to check if this is credable crypto, that's all.
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike

@_date: 1998-03-20 11:46:35
@_author: Mike Rosing 
@_subject: Re: reference 
By government fiat, not by reality.  Crypto is *classified* as a weapon,
so you stick a processor in a box with a keypad and scramble inputs to
outputs and you have a device which is on the munitions list along with
tanks and jet fighters.  Pistols and rifles aren't weapons of mass
destruction so they aren't on the munitions list, but crypto is.  So, by
fiat, it is a "weapon of mass destruction".
it's Sarcasim dude, and points out how stupid the law can be.  I'll take a
battery operated wire wrap tool, but even a hand job and candle light will
As for the high explosives, processors are good at timing.  You can build
a pretty cheap detonator with some fancy properties using a $10 processor
chip.  With a couple of transistors you'll get more than enough current
to do the job, the wires won't be connected that long :-)
Patience, persistence, truth,
Dr. mike
