
@_date: 1994-01-18 08:14:32
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: RETURNED MAIL, ANYBODY? 
Yeah, I got the same thing... someone please unsubscribe this fool from
the list!!!

@_date: 1994-01-23 13:56:33
@_author: Chris Schefler 
@_subject: No Subject 
So far you're right on...no attempt at anonymity.  I have never felt the
need to cower behind anonymity.  I take responsibility my actions, right
or wrong.  You're batting 1000!
Okay, you're starting to veer away from reality a bit here.  Yes, I did
all those things.  But it was not an 'attack'.  I started out sending
unsubscribe requests to *both* owner-cypherpunks and cypherpunks, every
few days.  Those were the only addresses I had.  I was last week receiving
50 messages a day.  I accidentally deleted some of my real mail going
through and deleting all yours.  As I have said many,  many times, I
thought I was subscribing to a periodic newsletter.  There was no warning
that I would receive 50 messages a day, and apparently no mechanism for
gettin of the list once I was on.  I simply made ever more vehement requests
to be removed from your list.  As each one was ignored, I stepped up the
volume of my requests.  After about 10 days of no response (short of some
foul-languaged vicious flames from your readers furious because I bounced
one or two of their letters - but they couldn't understand why I was unhappy about receiving 50 unwanted letters a day).  What you call a
'mailbomb' was the only action out of everything I tried which actually
got some response.  Let's stay clear on this:  all I ever wanted, and
all I want now, is TO BE REMOVED FROM THIS LIST.  I am still receiving
messages even though the administrator told me after the 'mailbomb'
that he had removed me from the list.
Why would that be humorous?         I don't hide.  In fact, hiding would have undermined my purpose.  I was
trying to draw attention to my ignored requests to be removed from your
list--that's all.  No secret spy-novel conspiracy stuff here.  Stay clear on this:  I have no desire whatsoever to waste your time or
undermine your ability to have your forum.  I simply demand to be You seem to be framing this as some sort of terrorist action.
Once again, I was just trying to get some response to my ignored requests.
By the way, I sent a warning out several days before the 'attack' stating
that if I did not get removed, I would try to shut down your remailer.
That got no response.  And, in all my protests before the
'attack', I got many flames from you people but nobody told me how I
could GET OFF THE LIST.
Now you've really lost me.  Presumably, you did not like the fact that I
shut down your remailer.  But the very next day you send me a step-by-step
guide on how to do it more effectively and with anonymity.  Go figure.
Oh, I think I understand now.  You're trying to give people ideas about
how to bomb me, right?  Trying to start a war??  Am I mistaken in sensing,
Eric, that you are enjoying this?  Well, I am not.  Why don't you just
do the reasonable, mature thing and just allow me to be excluded from
your forum.
Again, again, again: I have no desire to sit around trying figure out ways to cause you trouble.  All I want is one thing.  Can you guess what that is?  I thought you could.
I don't want anonymity.  My name is Chris Schefler.  I WANT OFF YOUR LIST.
If you do not take me off, I will take appropriate measures again.  Perhaps I will take some of your suggestions.
As I said, I am still receiving your messages.
Eric - what is the problem.  What don't you understand about this:
TAKE ME OFF YOUR LIST.  NOW.  Get on with your life, please, without me!

@_date: 1994-01-24 04:00:14
@_author: Chris Schefler 
@_subject: No Subject 
I would like to apologize to the administrator of the cypherpunks mailing list
and any readers who were affected by my attempt to get off the list.
I admit that I lost my temper and acted inappropriately.  I missed the
introductory statement probably because it failed to stand out from all
the other 50 messages I received on the first day, and got deleted.  I also have never subscribed to a mailing list before so was unfamiliar
with conventions for unsubscribing.
I lost my temper because all my attempts to get off the list seemed totally
ineffectual, I was receiving 30-50 messages a day, and I accidentally
deleted some of my other mail in the mass deletions I was doing.
I would recommend that mailing list administrators include a small signature with all messages describing how to get off the list for
people like me who aren't familiar with conventions and may have missed
the introductory message.
I would also recommend automation for such a high-volume list so that
people can get a quick response.  I assumed all along that I was dealing with remailer software, not a human administrator.  Of course I knew there
was a person responsible for the software, but I assumed it was automated
and that since I couldn't seem to get the software to respond I would have
to take stronger measures.  I'm obviously new to the net and don't know things like how to find a phone number or address for the person responsible
for a remailer (I now know thanks to the advice of a cypherpunks reader).
What I did whan I felt I had no other recourse was set up a file full
of UNSUBSCRIBE messages and put in a loop mailing it to three administrative
addresses at toad.com.  I let it run for 5 or 10 minutes.
I hope all these messages did not go to everyone on the list.  I was just
trying to get the attention of an administrator.  It worked.
Please accept my apology for the inconvenience I caused.  I acted immaturely.
I now know how to get off a mailing list thanks to many helpful responses
from cypherpunks readers.  It is ironic that my initial futile attempts to
get some response by bouncing letters drew vicious flames, but whan I crashed
the remailer I got many polite and helpful letters on how to get off mailing
I must say that the foul-languaged flames I got from some cypherpunks readers
played a major role in my losing my temper.  All I did was bounce one days
worth of messages not knowing what else to do and boy, did some people go
through the roof.  After I received numerous letters with four-letter words
and other verbal attacks, I sent another message to the two cypherpunks addresses I had requesting for the third or fourth time to be withdrawn from
the list.  I said that if I did not get any response, I would try to shut-
down the remailer.  I waited several days and got no response.     Enough said.  I think I am off your list now so I will get out of your hair.
