
@_date: 1996-09-29 05:50:00
@_author: only that it costs $$ 
@_subject: Re: WARNING: This Message Actually Contains a Question Reguarding Crypto! 
Yes,  but how "safe" is a 256-bit key with blowfish?  Would it withstand
the efforts of big bro' ?

@_date: 1996-11-02 15:49:40
@_author: Computer Virus Help Desk 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
Well put!  I tired a long time ago of Dr. Vulis and several others on this
list.  Rather than bitch about it or resort to the same big brother
gestapo-censor bullshit we profess to abhor I simply utilized the extensive
filtering capability of Eudora.
I don't need "big brother" or big "cypherpunk" censoring my mail for me.
We have become what we fear the most.  How prophetic and pathetic.
I agree.... a very BIG mistake, indeed....

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:50:42
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Giving Kill Files a Workout... 
As the smoke from the first rounds of cyber-gunfire of the Gilmore vs
Vulius shootout were wafting thru C-space several of us were bemoaning the
fact that the entire issue hadn't been handled thru creative filtering on
the part of list members as opposed to the heavy-handed "Big-Bro'ish" plug
pulling by Mr. Gilmore.  The "net-loon noise" level increase was
predictable.  Like you I will continue to perform creative filtering in
order to extract the 4 out of 240 messages worth reading in any given 48
hour period. cvhd

@_date: 1996-11-25 12:09:38
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Symantec's claim. 
I'll try...
You "hear" incorrectly...
That's correct.  Try subscribing to the the Virus List Digest for this type of information.
Yeah, Right...
Well, gee since a student, a paper and a possible future career are at stake, here goes....
The U.S. Department of Energy
Computer Incident Advisory Capability
___  __ __    _     ___
\___  __|__  /   \  \___
INFORMATION BULLETIN
Internet Hoaxes: PKZ300, Irina, Good Times, Deeyenda, Ghost
November 20, 1996 15:00 GMT                                        Number H-05
PROBLEM:       This bulletin addresses the following hoaxes and erroneous
warnings: PKZ300 Warning, Irina, Good Times, Deeyenda, and
PLATFORM:      All, via e-mail
DAMAGE:        Time lost reading and responding to the messages
SOLUTION:      Pass unvalidated warnings only to your computer security
department or incident response team. See below on how to
recognize validated and unvalidated warnings and hoaxes.
VULNERABILITY  New hoaxes and warnings have appeared on the Internet and old
ASSESSMENT:    hoaxes are still being cirulated.
The Internet is constantly being flooded with information about computer
viruses and Trojans. However, interspersed among real virus notices are
computer virus hoaxes. While these hoaxes do not infect systems, they are
still time consuming and costly to handle. At CIAC, we find that we are
spending much more time de-bunking hoaxes than handling real virus incidents.
This advisory addresses the most recent warnings that have appeared on the
Internet and are being circulated throughout world today. We will also address
the history behind virus hoaxes, how to identify a hoax, and what to do if you
think a message is or is not a hoax. Users are requested to please not spread
unconfirmed warnings about viruses and Trojans. If you receive an unvalidated
warning, don't pass it to all your friends, pass it to your computer security
manager to validate first. Validated warnings from the incident response teams
and antivirus vendors have valid return addresses and are usually PGP signed
with the organization's key.
PKZ300 Warning
The PKZ300 Trojan is a real Trojan program, but the initial warning about it
was released over a year ago. For information pertaining to PKZ300 Trojan
reference CIAC Notes issue 95-10, that was released in June of 1995.
The warning itself, on the other hand, is gaining urban legend status. There
has been an extremely limited number of sightings of this Trojan and those
appeared over a year ago. Even though the Trojan warning is real, the repeated
circulation of the warning is a nuisance. Individuals who need the current
release of  PKZIP should visit the PKWARE web page at CIAC recommends that you DO NOT recirculate the warning about this particular
Irina Virus Hoax
The "Irina" virus warnings are a hoax. The former head of an electronic
publishing company circulated the warning to create publicity for a new
interactive book by the same name. The publishing company has apologized for
the publicity stunt that backfired and panicked Internet users worldwide. The
original warning claimed to be from a Professor Edward Pridedaux of the
College of Slavic Studies in London; there is no such person or college.
However, London's School of  Slavonic and East European Studies has been
inundated with calls. This poorly thought-out publicity stunt was highly
irresponsible. For more information pertaining to this hoax, reference the
UK Daily Telegraph at Good Times Virus Hoax
The "Good Times" virus warnings are a hoax. There is no virus by that name in
existence today. These warnings have been circulating the Internet for years.
The user community must become aware that it is unlikely that a virus can be
constructed to behave in the manner ascribed in the "Good Times" virus
warning. For more information related to this urban legend, reference CIAC
Notes 95-09.
Deeyenda Virus Hoax
The "Deeyenda" virus warnings are a hoax. CIAC has received inqueries
regarding the validity of the Deeyenda virus. The warnings are very similar
to those for Good Times, stating that the FCC issued a warning about it,
and that it is self activating and can destroy the contents of a machine
just by being downloaded. Users should note that the FCC does not and will
not issue virus or Trojan warnings. It is not their job to do so. As of this
date, there are no known viruses with the name Deeyenda in existence. For a
virus to spread, it  must be executed. Reading a mail message does not execute
the mail message. Trojans and viruses have been found as executable attachments
to mail messages, but they must be extracted and executed to do any harm. CIAC
still affirms that reading E-mail, using typical mail agents, can not activate
malicious code delivered in or with the message.
Ghost.exe Warning
The Ghost.exe program was originally distributed as a free screen saver
containing some advertising information for the author's company (Access
Softek). The program opens a window that shows a Halloween background with
ghosts flying around the screen. On any Friday the 13th, the program window
title changes and the ghosts fly off the window and around the screen. Someone
apparently got worried and sent a message indicating that this might be a
Trojan. The warning grew until the it said that Ghost.exe was a Trojan that
would destroy your hard drive and the developers got a lot of nasty phone
calls (their names and phone numbers were in the About box of the program.)
A simple phone call to the number listed in the program would have stopped
this warning from being sent out. The original ghost.exe program is just cute;
it does not do anything damaging. Note that this does not mean that ghost
could not be infected with a virus that does do damage, so the normal
antivirus procedure of scanning it before running it should be followed.
History of Virus Hoaxes
Since 1988, computer virus hoaxes have been circulating the Internet. In
October of that year, according to Ferbrache ("A pathology of Computer
Viruses" Springer, London, 1992) one of the first virus hoaxes was the
2400 baud modem virus:
SUBJ: Really Nasty Virus
AREA: GENERAL (1)
I've just discovered probably the world's worst computer virus
yet. I had just finished a late night session of BBS'ing and file
treading when I exited Telix 3 and attempted to run pkxarc to
unarc the software I had downloaded. Next thing I knew my hard
disk was seeking all over and it was apparently writing random
sectors. Thank god for strong coffee and a recent backup.
Everything was back to normal, so I called the BBS again and
downloaded a file. When I went to use ddir to list the directory,
my hard disk was getting trashed again. I tried Procomm Plus TD
and also PC Talk 3. Same results every time. Something was up so I
hooked up to my test equipment and different modems (I do research
and development for a local computer telecommunications company
and have an in-house lab at my disposal). After another hour of
corrupted hard drives I found what I think is the world's worst
computer virus yet. The virus distributes itself on the modem sub-
carrier present in all 2400 baud and up modems. The sub-carrier is
used for ROM and register debugging purposes only, and otherwise
serves no othr (sp) purpose. The virus sets a bit pattern in one
of the internal modem registers, but it seemed to screw up the
other registers on my USR. A modem that has been "infected" with
this virus will then transmit the virus to other modems that use a
subcarrier (I suppose those who use 300 and 1200 baud modems
should be immune). The virus then attaches itself to all binary
incoming data and infects the host computer's hard disk. The only
way to get rid of this virus is to completely reset all the modem
registers by hand, but I haven't found a way to vaccinate a modem
against the virus, but there is the possibility of building a
subcarrier filter. I am calling on a 1200 baud modem to enter this
message, and have advised the sysops of the two other boards
(names withheld). I don't know how this virus originated, but I'm
sure it is the work of someone in the computer telecommunications
field such as myself. Probably the best thing to do now is to
stick to 1200 baud until we figure this thing out.
Mike RoChenle
This bogus virus description spawned a humorous alert by Robert Morris III :
Subj: VIRUS ALERT	Status: PUBLIC MESSAGE
Warning: There's a new virus on the loose that's worse than
anything I've seen before! It gets in through the power line,
riding on the powerline 60 Hz subcarrier. It works by changing the
serial port pinouts, and by reversing the direction one's disks
spin. Over 300,000 systems have been hit by it here in Murphy,
West Dakota alone! And that's just in the last 12 minutes.
It attacks DOS, Unix, TOPS-20, Apple-II, VMS, MVS, Multics, Mac,
RSX-11, ITS, TRS-80, and VHS systems.
To prevent the spresd of the worm:
1) Don't use the powerline.
2) Don't use batteries either, since there are rumors that this
virus has invaded most major battery plants and is infecting the
positive poles of the batteries. (You might try hooking up just
the negative pole.)
3) Don't upload or download files.
4) Don't store files on floppy disks or hard disks.
5) Don't read messages. Not even this one!
6) Don't use serial ports, modems, or phone lines.
7) Don't use keyboards, screens, or printers.
8) Don't use switches, CPUs, memories, microprocessors, or
9) Don't use electric lights, electric or gas heat or
airconditioning, running water, writing, fire, clothing or the
I'm sure if we are all careful to follow these 9 easy steps, this
virus can be eradicated, and the precious electronic flui9ds of
our computers can be kept pure.
---RTM III
Since that time virus hoaxes have flooded the Internet.With thousands of
viruses worldwide, virus paranoia in the community has risen to an extremely
high level. It is this paranoia that fuels virus hoaxes. A good example of
this behavior is the "Good Times" virus hoax which started in 1994 and is
still circulating the Internet today. Instead of spreading from one computer
to another by itself, Good Times relies on people to pass it along.
How to Identify a Hoax
There are several methods to identify virus hoaxes, but first consider what
makes a successful hoax on the Internet. There are two known factors that make
a successful virus hoax, they are: (1) technical sounding language, and
(2) credibility by association. If the warning uses the proper technical
jargon, most individuals, including technologically savy individuals, tend to
believe the warning is real. For example, the Good Times hoax says that
"...if the program is not stopped, the computer's processor will be placed in
an nth-complexity infinite binary loop which can severely damage the
processor...". The first time you read this, it sounds like it might be
something real. With a little research, you find that there is no such thing
as an nth-complexity infinite binary loop and that processors are designed
to run loops for weeks at a time without damage.
When we say credibility by association we are referring to whom sent the
warning. If the janitor at a large technological organization sends a warning
to someone outside of that organization, people on the outside tend to believe
the warning because the company should know about those things. Even though
the person sending the warning may not have a clue what he is talking about,
the prestigue of the company backs the warning, making it appear real. If a
manager at the company sends the warning, the message is doubly backed by the
company's and the manager's reputations.
Individuals should also be especially alert if the warning urges you to pass
it on to your friends. This should raise a red flag that the warning may be
a hoax. Another flag to watch for is when the warning indicates that it is a
Federal Communication Commission (FCC) warning. According to the FCC, they
have not and never will disseminate warnings on viruses. It is not part of
their job.
CIAC recommends that you DO NOT circulate virus warnings without first
checking with an authoritative source. Authoritative sources are your computer
system security administrator or a computer incident advisory team. Real
warnings about viruses and other network problems are issued by different
response teams (CIAC, CERT, ASSIST, NASIRC, etc.) and are digitally signed by
the sending team using PGP. If you download a warning from a teams web site or
validate the PGP signature, you can usually be assured that the warning is
real. Warnings without the name of the person sending the original notice, or
warnings with names, addresses and phone numbers that do not actually exist
are probably hoaxes.
What to Do When You Receive a Warning
Upon receiving a warning, you should examine its PGP signature to see that it
is from a real response team or antivirus organization. To do so, you will
need a copy of the PGP software and the public signature of the team that
sent the message. The CIAC signature is available from the CIAC web server
If there is no PGP signature, see if the warning includes the name of the
person submitting the original warning. Contact that person to see if he/she
really wrote the warning and if he/she really touched the virus. If he/she is
passing on a rumor or if the address of the person does not exist or if
there is any questions about theauthenticity or the warning, do not circulate
it to others. Instead, send the warning to your computer security manager or
incident response team and let them validate it. When in doubt, do not send
it out to the world. Your computer security managers and the incident response
teams teams have experts who try to stay current on viruses and their warnings.
In addition, most anti-virus companies have a web page containing information
about most known viruses and hoaxes. You can also call or check the web site
of the company that produces the product that is supposed to contain the virus.
Checking the PKWARE site for the current releases of PKZip would stop the
circulation of the warning about PKZ300 since there is no released version 3
of PKZip. Another useful web site is the "Computer Virus Myths home page"
( which contains descriptions of several known
hoaxes. In most cases, common sense would eliminate Internet hoaxes.

@_date: 1997-01-11 16:23:49
@_author: CVHD 
@_subject: New Win95 PGP Program 
Has anyone taken a look at the "Lock and Key" program for Win95/PGP?
It can be found at :  I was wondering if there were any inherent problems using a program like this inside Win95 what with the swap-virtual memory files.
TIA for any comments
Regards from the,
Computer Virus Help Desk

@_date: 1997-01-16 16:27:59
@_author: CVHD 
@_subject: Re: Finally a good Eudora/PGP integration under Win32 
Actually the PGP "buttons" don't appear in Eudora unless you are reading a message, replying or creating a new message; which makes sense.  Simply retrieving mail won't make the "buttons" appear.  With Netscape you must also have the "mailer" maximized or the Netscape Logo will overlap some of the PGP "buttons".  The only thing I would like to see added to it (and perhaps PGP 3.0 will address this) is the ability to En-DeCrypt WIN95 Files folders and files "on the fly" without the necessity of clicking OK for each file like F-Protects' "Secure Desktop" program.
It is plain in "appearance" but a terrific interface, nonetheless, for $29.95 (for 2.6.2 users).  Can't wait to see how PGP 3.0 will enhance it's performance.
Regards from the,
Computer Virus Help Desk

@_date: 1997-11-28 03:21:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Request for Jim Bell Update 
Anyone have a pointer to a Jim Bell update page or source?

@_date: 1997-12-01 08:08:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: RC5-56 and 2048 Bit Keys 
With the RC5-56 having been busted, I was wondering what the going
estimated crack time was for a 2048 bit RC5 key like the one available with

@_date: 1997-12-07 02:07:41
@_author: PGP 
@_subject: Re: SynData/Schneier Attack Network Associates 
Romanoff, CEO - - - Begin Signed Opinion - - -
Everyone should keep in mind that John McAfee very well knows on which side
of his bread it is buttered--  McAfee has made his fortune on the
site-licenses for government use of his anti-virus product.  U.S. Customs
alone liceneses 17,000+ copies.  Is anyone kidding themselves about which
side of GAK and Key Escrow McAfee will come down on?  I have never bought
into any of the conspiranauts BS about PGP backdoors as long as PZ was
involved with it but I will certainly assume it is to be a "given" with PGP
in the hands of McAfee.
- - - End Signed Opinion - - -
Signed - - -  CVHD - - -
