
@_date: 1994-11-21 06:05:34
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: usenet-to-mail 
:Dave Merriman - who remembers stuff like "64K? *64K*?! I don't know what
:I'd _do_ with 64K!" and when only the filthy rich had hard drives.
As someone in my early 20s..... my first computer had 16K of ram and a 300
baud tape deck.....
Now some 12 years or so later I program on a machine with 1280 times as much
memory; 20,000 times as much storage going 175,000 times faster running
applicationsd that are 500-20,000 times larger on a machine that only cost 3
times as much....
So WHY where the games of my old 8-bit so much more fun? And what will I be
using in the year 2006? Things could get truly scary..... as always I await
the future.....

@_date: 1994-11-22 10:11:22
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Pentium bug and CRYPTO 
[Will the following error (Re
[Pentium Floating Point Bug ... cause problems with PGP key generation or]
[any other normal operations with PGP or other crypto.]
It shouldn't effect PGP in the slightest. Its a bug that effects only
certain mantissa (23 are known so far) when doing a floating point divide
(double precision).
PGP doesn't use floating point for its big-numbers and it has no need for
double precision. Since most version of PGP compiled for Intel platforms
will be or the MS-DOS or Windows variety then it is very unlikely that even
floating point instructions will be used - emulations libraries will be used
instead for floating point. NT is a slightly different matter - but as I
said PGP doesn't use floating point for the key generation or ANY of the
RSA/IDEA code....
An interesting point about this rather obscure bug though. It won't effect
over 99% of all Pentium machines in use. It won't effect word, windows or
any of the other numerous programs that hold a large market share and
high-usage stats.... but people making a big deal out of this and demanding
fixes (I have heard new Pentiums don't do this and am going to test this
next week) could cost Intel millions potentially..... and I doubt whether it
would effect PovRay or whatever things people might actually use floating
point for anyways....
Serious scientific work could suffer severely, and since Intel boxes are good
power for dollar there are quite a few used in various places for intensive
calculations.... (e.g. seismic ray-tracing - but that done of 486-DX2-66
machine because here is NZ they are about half the price of a Pentium so are
even better value for money).

@_date: 1994-11-23 13:00:41
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Cell Phones Security?? 
werewolf (Mark Terka) ushered the words.....
I guess in theory GSM is the most secure. Only in practice its not. Many of the
signals from GSM calls can and in some places (e.g. where I live in NZ) go via
analogue repeaters so the call can still be heard of scanners....
Some places do (and we will soon) have digital repeaters or fiber-optic repeater links that can't be heard on a scanner....
If someone does really want to listen in on your calls though, they can even
with it being encrypted. The encryption is believe to be a crippled version
of A5 and many people claim to have made devices (usually be re-programming
and hack GSM phones themselves) to decrypt the messages anyway....
Hope this helps...

@_date: 1994-11-23 13:01:58
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Pentium bug and CRYPTO 
Doug Shapter replied:
What sort of scientific computations are you doing if I may ask? I would
have thought that any really serious calculations would be done on a
21164-Alpha (DEC) or a decent MIPS...... still then the OS costs more than
Its a very obscure bug, very obscure. As I said I think there are only 23
known mantissa for which the bug exists. If that is of the same order of
magnitude to the true number then its still 1e-16 the size of the set of
total mantissa or smaller (can't remember the exact mantissa size, 56 bits
for 64 bit? whats if for 80 though?)
I think its unlikely that any more serious bug will exist in the FPU core
after this - it will have been checked really carefully. Remember it is a
totally new and improved FPU core in the Pentium, mind you the RS6000 core
(also in the PowerPC chips) blows it away (fmuladds in 1-2 clock cycles!).
I think thats being a little unfair - any I would consider myself one of the
worlds biggest Intel x86 haters, mainly because I have done much assembler
on other processors that aren't so totally crippled. As mentioned above I
think the problem will be fixed as will others. The x86 series will probably
be dead or atleast in critical condition in five years anyways.... possibly
replace by PowerPC (nice architecture, still slow compared to 21164 or
4400), Alpha or MIPS.... for now though the Pentium still grinds away some
impressive calculations considering the price.

@_date: 1994-11-23 13:00:51
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Voice PGP, When? 
jamesh (James Hightower) said...
Do you know the whereabouts of any good audio-compression source? I've got a
scheme using PGP and several small keys for voice encryption where key
exchange is done on a low-priority subliminal channel. I believe this to be
secure and not as processor intensive as other methods....

@_date: 1994-11-26 06:18:02
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: ARJ Cracker.... 
Michael Handler replied:
Re: ARJ Cracker program
I am interested in the binaries are say <20K, otherwise there is too much
disassembly required.....
That'd be WAY mega spinach cool. I have developed an extreme dislike for
ARJ and would really like to write a fully featured faster ARJ program
mainly because the one I have (2.41a) is so crippled and [IMAO] the author
is totally undeserving a single cent.
P.S. These opinions are mine. If they offend then feel free to kill-file me,
     otherwise - tough!

@_date: 1994-11-26 06:18:06
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: PC MSDOS hardware key proposal 
Frgiv me if i am a bit off theme, but it just seemed as a good idea.
As I am going to have some off-time tonight I might forget that and on
the other hand maybe someone can use it in protecting his/her
intellectual property and  this would certainly be linked with our topic. The idea came to me after seeing some incredibly small piece of code
doing some unbelievable damage. Like 3 kbytes of com making hardware key
useless. I started to play with idea of having something more reasonable
for PC SW developers. For start it is not possible to use any type of key
checking, because dos is open system and allows everyone to intercept and
disable it. The lock must be a part of program itself. Also one must
concider the dataflow and power consumption, meaning you cannot have
second floating point unit in printer/serial port.You cnt put it
into slot , cause  it should be reasonably cheap. My idea for such device is the following:
Have the HW unit calculate the If-then-else conditions in program flow. it is not reasonable to do it everywhere, but just in some places(
depends on the  money/time one used to devolop product and similar
relation of expected hacking ) . For that purposes you could collect all results into flags and
present them to this Hw unit. It calculates the condition as boolean
function of input variables. If you want more entropy you could involve
state machine in this unit. Also some delay, what would be built into (
one cannot just send data through printer port with 32 Mbytes /sec.)
although for user it would be unnoticed , but using  brute force and  32 bits
of data this would make our friendly hacker quite old. Another alternative
is to understand the dataflow in program but from binary to get the idea...
no , this is a bad idea. so - just when it comes to ITE you present
printer port with 3-4 bytes  calling some procedure what reads flags from
global variables and returns carry - to go or to stay.
that's it. An attack might also concider just listening the device and writing
down the values but you would have to go through all checkpoints using all
possible flag values and that would take some and also involve
understanding of program dataflow.
One good point using that system is that it would possibly not always
crash- it would just for starters give you wrong answers.  Doesn't work, atleast in some form. I have removed hardware dongle
protection that does just that by watching what the hardware does for a long
period of time (logging it) and then writing interception/emulation code.
A better idea I think is something like digital signatures. Get the hardware
to produce a digital signature or some random data. If random isn't
available then a reasonable pseudo-random algorithm would suffice provided
it was implemented carefully (well seeded). SmartCards can probably do this
with say ESIGN [see Eurocrypt '93 (or maybe 92?)]
If you do want to make a delay in your dongle (or whatever) then it should
ONLY delay for wrong responses or for patterned responses (hard to detect)
that might indicate an attempt to brute force it - like many modern UHF car
alarms and garage door openers.
Extensive control of program flow might be very difficult to program and
quite cumbersome.
Another thing - how practical is this hardware? If it is implemented on a micro-controller then it can be disassembled is the code inferred via other
means. PAL and GAL chips can also be read - and if the no-read bit is set
and the complexity of the device low enough (as is likely for in-expensive
devices) then you can infer whats inside these also (although usually it
not a NP-complete soln time wise....)

@_date: 1994-11-28 04:26:09
@_author: Chris Wedgwood 
@_subject: Re: Need program pointers 
I presently use Xtree Gold. It has a DoD and 6 pass Wash Disk
        feature for writing over usused areas of a disk/drive. So far I
        have been unsucessfull at recovering any data after Wash Disk
        with Norton Utilities or PC Tools.
        If there is a weakness in Wash Disk I'd like to hear about it.
Actually XtreeGold doesn't wipe disks very well. It simply creates a
file in (in root) as big as there is free space on the disk. This is
fine provided the file have rubbish in it - but with XTG its all
blank.... wash you disks then do and undelete from root and you will
find a (usually large) file. Look at it - its all blank....
Because the data is all blank (zeros) an anomalie search would produce
probably ALL of the data that was there originally.....
I have a program (written by me) that writes pseudo-random mess to
the disk for a specified number of times. I am also working on another
program which clears any data that remians in the last clusters of a
file (i.e. past the EOF point). DOS 7 will do this automoatically I'm told (haven't lood and the beta is too messy to bother with).
P.S. Sorry for extra spaces in the quoting... my comm prrogram is somewhat broken....
