
@_date: 1997-05-14 22:04:43
@_author: "Roger J. Jones" 
@_subject: Anonymous Remailers 
Why is it that some who are very concerned about their personal privacy utilize anonymous remailers that:
1) Log all of their mail messages?
2) Are in many cases reputed to be run by foreign intelligence services?
Do they really trust the owner of the remailer? (Unless of course, it is their remailer?)  I seem to be missing something.

@_date: 1997-05-15 02:06:09
@_author: "Roger J. Jones" 
@_subject: FW: Anonymous Remailers 
Sent:	Wednesday, May 14, 1997 11:52 AM
With chained, multiply-encrypted messages, logs are ineffective unless all of the links in the chain collude to trace messages. While this is certainly possible, it seems unlikely.
This allegation was made by some clueless Washington think tank authors.  They provided no evidence, only innuendo, and they were unwilling or unable to provide any further comments when queried by several Cypherpunks.
I suggest that just because you chose to characterize the sources as "clueless Washington think tank authors" does not (as they say in Star Trek - The Next Generation) "make it so".  The "allegation" that foreign governments actively participate in actions to violate personal privacy ("borrowing" laptops from traveling businesspeople, taping phones, etc.) are all documented in various places.  Of course, they could all the result of a single psyop with excellent results.  But I doubt it.
And given that many or even most of the remailer operators are members of the various related Cypherpunks or Remailers Operators lists, and are known to various of us, the notion that most (or even many) remailers are run by intelligence agencies is absurd.
I don't recognize your name on this list. Fine, as we always like to see new subscribers. But I surmise you just haven't spent enough time yet reading and thinking about these issues.
You may surmise what you choose.  In fact, that is the essence of free discourse.  Of course, knowing is far better than surmising.  If you care to suggest a reading list please feel free to mail it to me direct.  And yes, I am new to this most charming and entertaining list.  Thank you for the welcome
Welcome to the Cypherpunks list.
* Tim May
There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of laws.
Only one response to the key grabbers is warranted: "Death to Tyrants!"
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money, tcmay  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets, Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.  "National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information superhighway."

@_date: 1997-05-15 23:47:55
@_author: "Roger J. Jones" 
@_subject: FW: Anonymous Remailers 
Tim May Responded
With chained, multiply-encrypted messages, logs are ineffective unless all of the links in the chain collude to trace messages. While this is certainly possible, it seems unlikely.
Roger J Jones Responded
Several of you have suggested as Tim has that the chain of remailers is secure.  I suggest that the statement is only true to the extent that one wants to trace back a particular message.  On the other hand, if one wants to find the source of postings to anonymous remailers and has skilled access to the Internet the task is quite simple and does not even require attacking the remailers.  Of course, one could break the chain by having the remailers call each other outside of the Internet, but then of course the phone records would disclose the connection.  Then again, one could hard wire a private connection between two remailers outside of both the Internet and the phone system but even this connection would be disclosed through reasonable traffic analysis.  Of course, the simple fact that even encrypted streams need to include the ultimate destination of the message makes content analysis easier and weakens the encryption.  Then again, all of this is a lot of work.  Social Engineering and pure bribery would more likely be the most efficient and effective solution.
Tim May Responded
This allegation was made by some clueless Washington think tank authors.  They provided no evidence, only innuendo, and they were unwilling or unable to provide any further comments when queried by several Cypherpunks.
And given that many or even most of the remailer operators are members of the various related Cypherpunks or Remailers Operators lists, and are known to various of us, the notion that most (or even many) remailers are run by intelligence agencies is absurd.
I suggest that just because you chose to characterize the sources as "clueless Washington think tank authors" does not (as they say in Star Trek - The Next Generation) "make it so".  The "allegation" that foreign governments actively participate in actions to violate personal privacy ("borrowing" laptops from traveling businesspeople, taping phones, etc.) are all documented in various places.  Of course, they could all the result of a single psyop with excellent results.  But I doubt it.
Tim May Responded
Your first point, using some kind of Star Trek lingo, is beyond comment. I provided a lot more context than your original point provided, and yet you seem to want even more documentation. Go back and read the archives for a discussion of this paper (hint: search on "remailers" ANDed with "SAIC." Pay particular attention to the critique of this paper by such folks as Raph Levien, and others.
Anonymous Responded
Yes, you are missing a lot.  The bit about foreign inteligence agencies is almost certainly a canard created by one Strassman at a conference in Boston 2 years ago, then retracted.  Anyway, if you use chaining, it's irrelevant.
See  and
for the gory details.
Roger J Jones Responded
Given that several of you have suggested that the "foreign agent" theory is a hoax I suggest that this does not give me much faith either.  What we have is the classic case that it difficult if not impossible to prove the non-existence of anything.  For example, presume that one could identify every real owner of every remailer in the Internet universe.  Have we proved anything?  Not really.  Because in the time it has taken to prove the case, a new remailer could have been created.  Or the remailer that one thinks is secure could be down with a different remailer operating as an IT spoof.  Or, after checking with the owner of the "safe" remailer the owner becomes subject to the normal desires of life (fear, greed, power, etc.) and "turns."  The existence of both type one and type two errors prevents even an exhaustive search from being fully satisfied.
Roger J Jones wrote
Roger J Jones wrote further......
So, chaining does not seem to be a secure solution.  It just makes the process more difficult, but not impossible.
The non-existance of "agents" who would operate a remailer for purposes other than protecting security can not be proven.
I still seem to be missing something.........

@_date: 1997-06-07 04:56:10
@_author: Roger J Jones 
@_subject: FW: TV Commercial 
Having spent a fair amount of time on the high seas on gray ships I found the following interesting in that:
1)  Back in WWII days Aldis lamps were a pretty good option.  Unless you had a submerged enemy sub in your convoy you would most likely notice anyone who could intercept your communications.  Since of course convoys could travel faster than submerged subs the exposure was also limited in time.  Add of course the fact that most of the messages were in code, frequently unique for a given transit.
2)  Consider the changes in today's environment:
a) Image intensifying lenses make over the horizon (cloud bounce) reception possible.
b) Subs can move faster underwater than most surface ships.
c) Satellites could pick up the light pulses - either directly (if low horizon) or reflectively (off the water)
d) I suppose that the right spectrum could also pick up the heat caused by the filament of the lamp.
Of course, since it now takes about 45 gizillion people on a ship to "sign out" a message for release, the only messages that go out over Aldis lamps are the signalmen swapping scuttlebutt and sea stories in the name of "on the job training"
"Fair winds and following seas!"
An old salt.
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Friday, June 06, 1997 11:13 AM
Well, the Japanese managed to keep secure communications when sneeking up
on Pearl Harbor, and I assume they used something similar for ship-to-ship
communications.  Narrow beam, and everyone who can receive is in sight is

@_date: 1997-08-15 06:32:29
@_author: Roger J Jones 
@_subject: Private Idaho source 
If anyone has been successful in downloading the source code  and or knows how to make the 32 bit release work with Windows NT 4.0 please either mail to me or give me a good FTP or URL address.  Thanks

@_date: 1997-09-03 21:24:10
@_author: Roger J Jones 
@_subject: Forbes September 8, 1997 
For those who have not seen it, the cover of this issue of Forbes is:
"The cypher-libertarians
This guy wants to overthrow the government"

@_date: 1997-10-23 21:22:40
@_author: Roger J Jones 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 and the corporate environment 
Just a small aside.  Our help desk handles about 50 to 75 "I forgot my password" requests per day.  This might be one small motivating factor why corporations desire an alternative method to recover encrypted files.

@_date: 1998-01-27 04:41:40
@_author: "Roger J Jones" 
@_subject: RE: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Did not Clinton say publicly that he did not consider oral sex "sexual
relations" in some statement recently?
[mailto:owner-cypherpunks Behalf Of Declan McCullagh
Clinton said this morning:
 I want you to listen to me.  I'm
going to say this again.  I did not have sexual relations with that
woman, Miss Lewinsky.  I never told anybody to lie, not a single time

@_date: 1998-01-27 05:52:49
@_author: "Roger J Jones" 
@_subject: RE: Latest Clinton dodge? 
Thanks for the info - while I am at it - has anyone ever disclosed the
"distinguishing characteristic" that Paula Jones claims will prove its Bubba
-----Original Message-----
Sent: Monday, January 26, 1998 3:26 PM
Not as far as I'm aware. Tho Gennifer Flowers said years ago that Clinton
distinguishes between the two.
You may be thinking of his "there is no sexual relationship" quip last Wed,
which was duly dissected and analyzed; journalists remembered his artful
dodge on the pot-smoking affair.
I think we note in our (rather extensive) cover package in this week's
magazine that Sen.Hatch and Speaker Gingrich also make this kind of
distinction, at least according to women who claim they're in a position to
Interestingly, they're going to be the fellows sitting in judgment if this
goes to impeachment and trial...

@_date: 1998-01-28 23:25:33
@_author: "Roger J Jones" 
@_subject: Tim May as censor?????????? 
Can this be? Censorship from the man on the mountain? So unlike you......
