
@_date: 1997-11-17 04:05:48
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousAmad3us 
@_subject: the art of fighting without fighting 
Bruce Lee film.
Scene on a sailing ship headed for island where tournament
is to be held.
Thug karate type hassles Mr Lee, picking a fight.  Thug
asks: "so what kind of karate do you fight."  Mr Lee: "the
art of fighting without fighting."  Thug asks for fight.  Mr
Lee: "not here, on that island over there," points.  OK says
thug eagerly and climbs down into rowing boat.  Mr Lee
unties end of rope and hands to children playing, leaning
over edge of ship.  Thug screams obscenities from row boat,
trys to pull himself in but children threaten to let go of
Mr Lee walks off camera unperturbed with smug look.
Moral of story: fight smart.  That's what cypherpunks tactic
is.  Multiplies your efficacy.
Anonymous decries talk of violence on list.  Understand
anonymous, we are not the aggressors, we are the aggressed.
It is annoying being on the receiving end of aggression
especially where the aggressor is the local force monopoly
and you have no recourse.  Hence talk of nuking DC, and of
capital punishment for criminal government officials.  There
is certain poetic karmic value to these expressions of
annoyance.  Helps spread the dissatisfaction with
However, the fact that criminal officials deserve punishment
does not mean that any of us are interested to actually
deliver that punishment.  There are more efficient methods
of utilising our available resources: write crypto code,
hasten crypto-anarchy.  Have the government collapse through
lack of funding, have it's power eroded.
Let's get to it.

@_date: 1997-11-18 23:35:21
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Re: How anonymous? 
"You know Mixmaster?  Send me 50 dollar, I show you how use."
But seriously, there is something to be said for adopting a style of writing specific to a nym or group of nyms.  Anyone who has read The Economist magazine on various occasions knows how its language and tone are consistent, as if one author writes every article, issue after issue.  Having the writings of a nym "edited" by others as a way of foiling Stylometry -- the statistical analysis of literary style -- may prove to be a lucrative business if nyms ever gain wide use, especially if they are used in ecommerce where anonymity of the nym holder is paramount to avoid the wrath of the tax man in his physical jurisdiction.
Much of our writing style is unconscious.  We habitually use certain vocabulary, sentence structure, punctuation.  Our writings are like a fingerprint.  The more we write, the greater the detail of that fingerprint.  We can try to alter the style.  Write shorter or longer sentences.  Choose our words capriciously.
But on some occasions (think ecommerce) it may be necessary to have a second party rewrite the original text.  Enter the "nym editor" to remove the stylometric clues from a nym's writings.  Correspondence between the nym owner and editor could be achieved anonymously using remailers, nym servers and "throw away" email accounts (Hotmail and Mailexcite).  When the nym owner locates an editor and they agree on the terms of engagement, the owner submits his text to the editor.  The editor reworks it, and sends it back to the owner.  The owner may then make a few small changes or even submit it to another nym editor before posting the text under his nym.  A nym owner may prefer a certain editor's style and continue to use him.  Thus the nym will offer stylometric clues of the editor, not the owner.
The nym owner can pay the editor using ecash, preferably of the fully-anonymous flavor.  If the nym owner stiffs the editor on a payment, he can then broadcast it through the relevant channels.  The nym suffers loss of reputation capital.  It seems reasonable to assume that the likelihood of fraud by the nym holder is slim, especially if the editor tends to deal with persistent nyms.
Fraud by the nym editor is also unlikely.  The worst he could do is publish the unedited text, giving stylometric clues about the nym holder.  The prudent nym holder who uses more than one editor can better avoid such a situation, though that risk is never entirely eliminated.  However if the nym editor is uncertain of the author of the text he is reworking, there is little incentive to blackmail the nym holder since all he may be doing is passing on stylometric clues about another nym editor.
Amad3us wrote elsewhere:
But only as long as the nym holder remains anonymous.  Digital mixes are superb, but what good are they when we give away clues about who we are with every keystroke we embed in our digitally-signed messages?

@_date: 1997-11-19 18:40:25
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Disposable Remailers 
I played around with Hotmail recently, and I didn't pick up any new cookies in my cookies file.  The only distinguishing information that Hotmail seems to collect (aside from the demographic info you feed them when you open an account) is the IP address you log in from.  A public proxy is sufficient to shield your IP address.  I created the account from one IP address and sent the email during a separate session from another IP address.  The X-Originating-IP header showed only the second address.  I don't know if Hotmail keeps track of all IP addresses that access each account.
Question: can anyone suggest some information/studies regarding the security of public proxies?

@_date: 1997-11-20 10:36:01
@_author: Mix (mixmaster@remail.obscura.com 
@_subject: Re: The Illusion of Freedom 
Those who wage war are rarely the slaves.  Those who die usually are.
The "cannon fodder" you mentioned.
Gives new meaning to to phrase "...give me liberty, or give me death."

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:30:05
@_author: Mix (mixmaster@remail.obscura.com 
@_subject: Billboards as Sight Bites 
Yup, seen the billboard.  Evidently the JBS is starting a new billboard
campaign on December 1st calling for the impeachment of Clinton.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:07:38
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Re: Fairy Gold 
If this were really true, you would have posted your message under your real name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
We should remember that -- at least here in America and the rest of the so-called first world -- we live in the age of the sound bite where the "medium is the message."  Public opinion is manipulated by the puppetmasters who pull the emotional strings of John and Jane Q. Public sitting in front of the TV each night.  Witness how anyone who has watched a video on Waco is quickly being lumped into the category of an anti-government extremist (Terry Nichols had two copies of "Waco Under Siege" in his house).  The underlying message is, "don't consider any of the facts that the video viewer presents to you, just realize he/she is an extremist."
Frankly, I wasn't there at Waco so I don't know what happened.  However, as Monty pointed out in another post, the fact that the FBI/BATF/etc. administered the gas into the Davidian home (notice how I fail to use the media-sanctioned term "compound") is clearly an aggressive act on the part of the U.S. gov't.  Regardless of what the spinmeisters say (both on the left and the right) no human being with a conscience can take note of this fact and say that the feds were justified in their actions.  Gassing children?  Come on.
A single sound bite on its own will do nothing, but a persistent group of sound bites presented over time with a recurring message can create a great amount of influence.  This is how public opinion is formed through mass
media channels.
But think about this: who is the author of these mass media sound bites?  Can you name the person?
It's easy to say that it's the feds, the ZOG, the NWO crew...but you can't name an individual can you?  Why is that?
Seriously, think about this question.  It has a lot to do with a major
cypherpunk theme: anonymity.  But in this case, with hardly any conscious
P.S. Notice how my response becomes "negated" by Monty's previous response when you read the first 6 lines of text in order:
If that were really true, you would have posted your message under your real
name (a.k.a., your persistent identity).  The fact that you chose to make your statement anonymously only proves the inverse of what you say.
Think how easily Monty's "response" could be used against me if the quoted text marks (>) were removed.  Truths are easily twisted into lies by those who seek advantage from such actions.

@_date: 1997-11-20 13:32:32
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Re: e$: Snakes of Medusa on Wall Street? (fwd) 
"THE GREAT AWAKENING
"A conservative reaction against the world view of the new science was bound to follow, and the first half of the eighteenth century witnessed a number of religious revivals in both England and America.  They were sometimes desperate efforts to reassert the old values in the face of the new and, oddly enough, were themselves the direct product of the new cult of feeling, a philosophy which argued that man's greatest pleasure was derived from the good he did for others and that his sympathetic emotions (his joy as well as his tears) should not be contained."
 -- The Norton Anthology of American Literature, Third Edition, Volume 1
Being a New Englander, Bob should know about the revivalist of Northampton, Massachusetts: Jonathan Edwards.  His name is synonymous with the "Great As for the religious/ethical awakening that occurred prior to the War between the States, that has generally come to be known as "American Transcendentalism," especially the works of Whitman, Emerson and Thoreau.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:28:58
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Re: The Great Awakening (fwd) 
Uh, Hello?  Your post entitled "1st Great Awakening" describes the exact
same thing that I called simply, "The Great Awakening."  It was not, as you
say above, the 2nd one.
I did read the various posts you sent.  I don't know who chose the names for
the 2nd and 3rd "Great Awakenings", but they don't seem to have much to do
with religious revivalism like your "1st Great Awakening" and what I (and
the definitive Norton Anthology) refer to as simply "The Great Awakening."

@_date: 1997-11-24 18:10:59
@_author: nobody@REPLAY.COM (AnonymousNerthus 
@_subject: Choate Doesn't Do His Homework 
I prefer facts when it comes to making up my mind instead of baseless
claims.  For the others on this list who prefer the same, let me set the
record straight...
Yes, and you are the fabricator.  Bob claimed it happened in the 19th century (see Fact 1 below).  I claimed it happened in the early 18th century (see Fact 3 below).
For the umpteenth time, that was Bob's original claim, not mine.  See above.
Bullshit!  I did my homework.  You (and Bob) didn't.  But because I am a nice
guy, I share it with you here.
The bottomline is that you screwed up, Jim.  You misread my original post (confusing the 18th century for the 1800's) and started this whole chain of events.  The facts (not the claims) clearly bear this out.
T H E   F A C T S
[note: I have edited the attribution lines for clarity, but all posts are
referenced to the Cypherpunk Archive]
F A C T  1: F A C T  2: F A C T  3: F A C T  4: [Once again, yes I did.  1815-1850 does not equal early 18th century!]
F A C T  5: [Once again, Norton and myself referenced the Great Awakening to the
early 1700's/18th century: see Fact 3]
