
@_date: 1996-12-16 00:10:49
@_author: Dagmar the Surreal 
@_subject: Re: sorry for the spam! 
Aside from that, the traceroute of that IP address just happens to take it to nlights.net, which is apparently somehow affiliated with AOL, but in any case, the WWW pages the spam points to just HAPPEN to list down at the bottom an email address to contact the author which isn't a remailing service like geocities or hotmail.  It's zerofaith
Normally I don't like to call people liars in public, but I think that if Mr. Faith doesn't know who's responsible for the spam, then I'm the Queen of @
Dagmar the Surreal, now with 50% less sodium!
Coming in 1997--Surreal III, (...now where did I leave that darn salt?)

@_date: 1996-12-19 16:26:37
@_author: Dagmar the Surreal 
@_subject: Ahem... 'virus'? 
Let's get a few things straight here before we go any further...  I field
enough calls from the clooless at work trying to warn me about getting the
'Good Times Virus' in my email without having to worry about yet another
meme floating around about email virii.
1. Can anyone show that the .com file replicates?  It MUST reproduce itself
to be called a virus last time I checked.  It looks like a trojan horse to me.
2. How many of you people are using Microsloth Internet Mail?  It was
mentioned a LONG time ago (I think here, in fact) that there was a major
mental lapse on the part of the programmers when designing it because
single-clicking a piece of mail will view it, while DOUBLE-CLICKING the
mail will execute it (and any attached files!).  Most people double-click
EVERYTHING in Windoze, and this is why it nailed so many people.  I'm
surprised I hadn't seen this done sooner.
If you think it only got a few of the M$IM users, think again.  I'll bet
there's a LOT of them out there who are 'suffering in silence' because
their computer is completely kaput, or sitting in a shop waiting for
someone like me to wipe the hard drive and reinstall everything.  Please,
if there's going to be another damn meme about email virii, let it NOT be
from a list I consider to be a LITTLE more enlightened than the
hordes of AOL (l)users out there.
Dagmar the Surreal (not actual size)
"The Internet is Full.  Go Away."
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
