
@_date: 1994-05-03 18:24:31
@_author: David Taffs 
@_subject: Re: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
From: perry ("Perry E. Metzger")
   Jim Miller says:
   >    > Michael V. Caprio Jr. asks:
   >    > > So what is the natural currency to trade in on the Internet?
   >    ...
   The natural currency today is the U.S. Dollar, as transfered via
   digicash.
   Perry
It seems that ciphercash schemes, aka banks, might have cash deposits
to invest. The interest on these investments might help cover the
transaction costs. The value of the ciphercash might ought to be able
to rise and fall (slightly, perhaps dramatically occassionally) with
the performance of these investments.
How about a floating cipherdollar? Holders of cipherdollars would
share in the proceeds of the investment, minus real transaction costs
and overhead, plus transaction fees if any.  How much they were worth
would depend on how long they were kept, the fee structure, etc.
In other words, I'm saying that it might be easier to let the value
float slightly (with a current, published conversion rate into the
currency of your choice) than to peg it exactly at any particular
value. If it turns out that a lot of people buy the things and keep
them for a long time, it would be nice for them to increase in value
(compared to our friend the US $) as a hedge against inflation.
Of course, I'm merely suggesting competent money management here by
the bank, not that anyone (except cypherzealots, of course) would
deliberately invest this way. Sort of like interest on your checking
A similar (more radical) scheme would equate one cipherbuck == one
share of stock in the cyberbank, redeemable at whatever the stock
is currently selling for (approximately).
I might like safeguards of some sort, if feasible, to prevent the
bank officers from absconding with the loot...

@_date: 1994-05-04 09:43:03
@_author: David Taffs 
@_subject: Re: TLAs, etc. 
From: Carl_Ellison
   >    > Jim Miller says:    > >    > > My hypothesis:  The TLAs could shut down the cypherpunks mailing list     > > (as it now exists) by dragging all the U.S. list members into court.      > > The TLAs would probably lose the case, but they would still do a lot     > > of damage to the lives of the U.S. list members.
   > >    >    ...
   Actually, we might try inviting such prosecution -- e.g., with each of us
   posting source code for some algorithm to the list.  This is so clearly
   publication (ala newsletters on paper) that the case would never hold but
   it wouldn't hurt to have a court rule.
It might be interesting for a group to publish crypto code (or other
potentially illegal bit strings) using something like DC-NET, where
each person contributes to each bit of information.
For example, maybe 100 people publish random bit strings, and when
XOR'ed all together you get some bitstring which might be illegal to
export, such as crypto source code.
They couldn't possibly prosecute any subset of the 100 people, because it might
be the case that the 100'th person is the one who XOR'ed all the other strings
with the source code and published that.
Thus, the only possibility would be to prosecute all 100 people at
once, and each could point the finger at any one of the other 99. It
is hard to believe that a jury would convict under these
circumstances, at least without more evidence of an actual
conspiracy. To help the situation, each of the 100 could publish
another bit string, which when XOR'ed to the first, produced some nice
GIF, which of course might have been their intent in the first
place. People could publish both halves in either order, marked A or
B, and so it could appear to be pure happenstance :-) that all 100 B
halves, when XOR'ed together, produce compilable source code.
At any rate, tracing to a particular person would be impossible, and a
large subset of the group could actually be completely unaware of the
final product. Any one of the 100, if aware ahead of time of what the
other 99 would publish (or aware of what the XOR of the 99 would be),
could slip in the real source code in the middle of the message stream.
But, in the famous words attributed by the late RMN to himself, "but
it would be wrong"...

@_date: 1994-05-18 11:28:34
@_author: David Taffs 
@_subject: Re: So PGP2.5 is becoming clearing... 
From: Richard.Johnson (Richard Johnson)
   "Performance improvement" purposes can obviously include allowing more
   secure performance via longer (2048 bits anyone?) keys.
I would agree with this. Performance improvement doesn't just mean speed.
   The key here is "incorporated".  Since RSAREF is designed as a C
   library, the only way to "incorporate" it is to call its functions from
   a program.  Thus, if you don't call specific RSAREF functions, you're
   not "incorporating" RSAREF.  "Incorporation" of RSAREF is thus not
   transitive.
I would be careful here. Another conceivable definition of
"incorporate" is "to link with". Perhaps it might mean to statically
link with, or dynamically link with. This definition would be
transitive, but could still be circumvented.
I have seen examples of commercial products interfacing to various GNU-ware,
protected by copyleft. I forget the exact details, but there was at least
a layer of free-ware provided in between that accessed the GNU-ware via a
shell interface. I will look up the exact details and post them if I can.
Calling an RSAREF shell program would not be incorporating it, IMHO.
It seems to me that if you provide a free shell-accessible program
that invoked whatever free-ware you want to write around RSAREF, and
you invoked that shell program from inside another program that was a
commercial product, that you would be protected. It is of course possible
that closer binding would also provide adequate protection; this is just
one way that I believe would be adequate. It restricts the interface to
a relatively low-bandwidth, potentially inefficient interface, but this
seems to be their goal, and it also seems adequate for e-mail purposes.
(The RSAREF could be in a background server process, always running,
providing enhanced efficiency, if desired.)
Of course, I am not a lawyer either, although I have watched an awful
lot of Judge Wapner. Get your own legal opinion if you really care.
   ...
   Richard
