
@_date: 1996-01-11 05:26:59
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution (long) 
In article <199601030407.UAA12551 dlv (Dr.
Although I do not disagree with the poster, and it may be useful to
include headers in the encryption (though care must be taken in verifying
them if the routing process adds anything), the lesson here is really a
different and important one than the writer's idea of encrypting headers.
It is that signed messages en clair are a)unencrypted to a specific
recipient, b) anyone may "validate" such a message, and c) "BEGIN PGP
SIGNED MESSAGE" and
"END PGP SIGNATURE" mean exactly what they say--only the delimited matter
is authenticated. Thus if one is writing to Carol to break off a
relationship, one had better include "Dear Carol" in the message text, and
if you are in relationship with more than one Carol, or expect to be, the
date and other particularizing info as well.
By the way, if Bob is sending unencrypted e-mail to Carol about the
details of their relationship for reasons other than public witness, he
has more than spoofed headers to worry about. It's his own head, er, that
needs scrutiny. :-)

@_date: 1996-02-10 23:09:56
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: PLONK 
Plonking is an outrageous abuse of net courtesy.
Shame on you!

@_date: 1996-02-10 03:15:44
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Forgery--wasUnknown address 
I send this to you for your amusement and delectation. The core message
below, about plonking, is a crude forgery--I did not write it nor did I
send it.

@_date: 1996-02-10 03:23:29
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Forgery 
I just sent you a message, forwarding a forged message attributed to me about
plonking. It strikes me that to reduce the possibility that some might
claim THAT message was a forgery, I might have signed it. Too late. Well,
I'll sign this one.

@_date: 1996-07-15 04:55:16
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Your best shot would be to make sure the part about the system being
voluntary was hard-wired into any legislation or rule-making. Unless and
until ITAR is modified by Congress, the USG has what Mark Twain called "the
calm confidence of a Christian with four aces" on this matter. That
is--unless and until Congress acts, the Administration has absolute
discretion with respect to the conditions under which they will liberalize
the administration of ITAR.

@_date: 1996-07-15 12:56:35
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
At 4:48 PM -0700 7/14/96, jim bell wrote a typically argumentative message.
I've gotten wiser over time and don't plan to respond. I think both our
positions are quite clear and readers may make up their own minds.
This post is a courtesy to others who may have been expecting more. It's a
one-time statement to this list, which I've just joined, of my current
practice: Silence does not constitute assent.

@_date: 1996-07-16 09:08:25
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
That's certainly one view. Another is that if you watch the precursors of
legislation, then actions in the Netherlands, the UK, and in the European
Parliament suggest that an independent European escrow initiative might
happen within a year. When it does it will be a trivial matter to harmonize
it with some US offering. The mills in various countries are grinding too
coincidentally for my taste.
Given the glacial pace with which standard integrated crypto has appeared
on the Internet, with Navigator only going to offer the final
link--encrypted e-mail--later this year, the above timing isn't necessarily
one which will be left behind by independent Internet developments. And
given the glacial pace of PGP movement toward integrated internet standard
products, it hasn't a hope of beating the above timing to the punch.

@_date: 1996-07-16 08:16:12
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Markoff on Clipper III 
Anyone who thinks substantive parts of the Preamble are "meaningless" is
deserving only of contumely. Perhaps you should review your high school
civics course--you did have one of those, yes?

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:43:41
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Word lists for passphrases 
It is pretty easy to defend against dictionary attacks by using an expanded
character set--mixed caps and lower case; numbers substituted for some
letters according to easily-remembered personal rules.
"Da5id" in "Snow Crash" by Neal Stephenson is an obvious example, since the
"v" is a roman numeral 5. Another is the "Compuserve method" of inserting
punctuation characters between words making up a password or key. Since the
length of the words used is unknown to the cracker, this makes his job
That is--a dictionary which accomodates such things as the above will be
pretty large. With the number rule, there would have to be 10 additional
versions of the one-letter word, 10 versions of each leading character
making up a two letter word, and then it starts increasing combinatorially.
Might as well use brute force.

@_date: 1996-07-16 15:11:17
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Markoff on Clipper III 
Now that is a more useful and accurate statement than that substantive
parts of the Preamble are "meaningless". As you must know from your Con Law
classes, legislative intent is an important element of many Supreme Court
decisions, and the Preamble is certainly as crisp and classical a statement
of legislative intent as one can find.
The specific point, of course, wasn't GAK but the silly dispute by one of
our beloved nit-pickers of the assertion that the President took an oath to
protect national security. By inclusion in his oath to defend the
Constitution, given the bits I cited, he effectively did.

@_date: 1996-07-16 12:24:41
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Clueless "Attachment converted" uses 
It's kludgy, I agree, but that's the way the example PGP translator for our
mailer that some of us are using works right now. If someone rewrites that
part of it, I'm sure we'd all be happy to switch. Dunno if there's an easy
patch with ResEdit. (It's for the Mac.)
In my own case I used it to clearsign my first few posts here to avoid
somebody popping up and claiming a spoof. I don't plan to do it regularly.

@_date: 1996-07-16 21:02:54
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Some live in the conversation in their head and require that everything be
spelled out. Very well, then:
"More" in the sense of a response to your personal attacks.
Morality has nothing to do with it. The instant dispute is over facts. And
you have no idea what my position on GAK is, judging from your personal
attacks. I'll help you out. I do not object to it domestically as long as it
is voluntary, that restriction is hard-coded into the rules and laws, and
there are real choices at least initially. ("Trust everyone and always cut
the cards.") Whether I then use it or not is my business, though it's no
secret that I'd use a non-GAK system in preference were it available and an
Internet standard. I trust the market and my fellow citizens, and if they
rush to GAK because of superior features or some such and non-GAK dies on
the vine because it is poorly implemented or poorly marketed, that's the way
freedom works. You can't compel others to user YOUR favorite system just so
you can have the benefits from it you want, nor should others try to
suppress your favorites. That sword cuts both ways--vis a vis the
government's favorites. They shouldn't try to compel what thye like, nor
should they suppress what they don't unless the people's representatives
have legislated (as for example in the case of the authority for ITAR) and
the matter is Constitutional.
I think foreign governments' crypto policies to be none of my
business--though I know some other Americans love to wrap themselves in high
moral raiment and preach on the topic to such foreign governments, and many
foreigners with motes in their own eyes like to do that to us. I have a
personal opinion in the matter which is likely the same as yours, but do not
feel entitled to burden others with that since it's so much ineffectual chin
I agree, though I would not have phrased it in such an offensive way. This
isn't some conspiracy of evil but people with a legitimate policy
I disagree again. It is evident from the effort to shoot down Clipper I,
which WAS voluntary, that this is another case of your version of
"voluntary". If an offeror, even the government, offers something voluntary
and you don't like it, you attempt to suppress it. It's kinda like "freedom
of speech only for those who agree with me".
To the contrary, business records are always available on legitimate
subpoena by the government, and this would include escrowed keys. YOU don't
have to like it, but it's the law.
"Silence does not constitute assent" to your personal attacks, your policy
assertions, and what I think to be your misrepresentations of fact. I was
not speaking of assent to GAK in that sentence.
I think your attempt to pseudospeciate me and create an "us and him"
situation in this group is bound to fail with those who have paid attention
to what I think and say, particularly my most recent thinking. On many
matters we are agreed at bottom. However, I place high value on policy and
strategy advocacies that are content-robust and work, in preference to
ineffectual ones that merely make one feel good. Further, I do not believe
one should suppress criticism of one's allies when they are doing a sloppy
or wrong-headed job of things. That's just opening the door to a failure
instead of sharpening things up to improve the chances of a success. The
radical feminists' "Sisterhood, right or wrong" is not my motto. When you're
right, you're right and I support you, and when I think you're wrong I won't
hesitate to point it out.

@_date: 1996-07-16 19:20:47
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
Perhaps. And the vast inside-the-Beltway policy community, most of whom are
more like Dorothy Denning than Tim May. And the vast business community
that prefers automated escrow in standard systems. What I mean by that is
software or chips automatically escrowed to, say, Price Waterhouse.
Business is comfortable dealing with such firms in a trusted relationship,
and such firms will honor a valid court order to produce records or the
equivalent--a probable cause court-order for a wiretap.
It really depends on how the issue is presented. If it is presented as
preserving law enforcement access, escrow follows. The problem is that like
the nose of the camel, each new piece of legislation establishes a new
status quo baseline of principle from which to argue, and though we all
kicked and screamed about it here, the new baseline is the Digital
Telephony Act.
As for the only counterargument to the above, that bad guys aren't going to
use escrowed systems, nothing is perfect, goes the argument, and the FBI
has caught plenty of bad guys who presumably should have known better, via
If you look into it, you will find that most people with criminal minds
don't expect to get caught.
Given the nature of this group it perhaps needs saying that the above is a
competitor analysis, not an argument nor my own position on mandatory
domestic key escrow. I'm agin it.

@_date: 1996-07-17 01:09:51
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
Nothing like a good personal defamation before even reading my posts, eh?
As those who have paid attention know, I post my policy views, not
flame-bait. The idea that I am deliberately trying to start flame wars is
pure paranoia.
Of course a good attempt to attack personally is an attempt to avoid the
need to try to engage with the substance. It's not only underhanded, but
also sheer laziness, typical of small minds which cannot tolerate a
difference of view. Your position is as prejudiced as those we sometimes
call sexist or racist.
Having made my points on this matter, I have no plans to engage in a
flame-fest with those who love to provoke one and then blame the victim--to
be sure I don't give in to such further provocation from you, welcome to my
filter file.

@_date: 1996-07-16 20:47:03
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
And another thing. The reason I've not joined this group earlier had
nothing to do with "worthy". It was because after discussion a year or so
ago, Tim May suggested to me via e-mail that it would just generate a lot
of controversy, at a time when people were so polarized that they couldn't
hear each other and thus my presence here would serve no useful purpose.  I
took Tim's advice and stayed out.
I thought that by now the more extreme dogmatists among you would have
matured, especially given the evidence generated by the real world about
how things are and are going if nothing rational and effective is done to
stop it. Some of you have met me at Crypto and found I'm not the devil
incarnate. Some of you know that we share many (but not all) policy views
in common.
The presenting symptom for my joining now was a copy of a post by an MIT
professor I respect to this group, which a colleague sent me. Perhaps I was
too hasty in my belief that we can begin to hear each other.

@_date: 1996-07-17 01:01:32
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
It is about to be fought. I've got my money not on the government but on
Verisign, which has been issuing site certificates for some time now, and
just started issuing personal certificates which will permit message
encryption using certified, Netscape-generated public keys, among other
things. I think they and the free market will win, over the government,
hands down.
In that context (and in that context only), a lot of the heat from  PGP
fans against heirarchical certification is counter-productive to the above
battle, in that it diffuses the crispness with which successful secure (BBN
boxes, etc.) trusted heirarchical certification authorities will become the
de facto standard and freeze the government out (absent some new draconian
Verisign and RSA have already made the investment and the mechanism is now
in place and working automatically (except for the higher assurance
certification for which you need to appear before a notary if you're not in
a corporate heirarchy). They've cleverly automated a validation of
moderate-assurance certificate applicants' claims by automatically hitting
the Equifax data base, and the low-assurance (persona) certification is
automated so you need to "just ask". This won't cover everyone, but will
cover so many as to make little difference to widespread acceptance.
Depends on the organizations. Big corporations (which carry considerable
influence) aren't going to violate local laws. Thus we may see a "have" and
"have not" escrow-less crypto world outside the US rather than the
hoped-for-nirvana, depending on local laws and individuals' willingness to
violate them.
That is exactly what the NRC report recommended and why I opposed it so
vigorously despite its other good features.
We don't have to strong-arm anyone. Harbingers in the UK, the European
Parliament (or is it the Council?), the Netherlands, and the existing
situation in France provide little reason for optimism.
Remains to be seen. Netscape has a version they did for the government
which uses Tessera PCMCIA cards. If some big corporation adopts it, others
will follow. Don't count your chickens, etc.
They don't have to do any of the above. All they have to do is legitimately
contract for their own needs. This will get the costs down (by paying off
the costs of entry/capital costs) so that civilian offerings from the same
technology base could be quite price-attractive. The use of government
market purchasing power to influence events is now very well understood--we
(and Arthur D. Little) first studied it in connection with stimulating
energy conserving buildings back in 1970 when I was in the Department of
You will find it instructive to check out the Verisign web site, download
the public beta 5 of Netscape 3.0, generate some keys and get some
certificates, and in two or three months check out the promised Netscape
4.0 beta which will have e-mail encryption.

@_date: 1996-07-16 20:28:39
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Markoff on Clipper III 
That's not what my dictionary says, and what I said was that your message
deserved it.
Watch closely--there are some subtle distinctions between what you claim
and what my dictionary says. Contumely is "harsh language, arising from
haughtiness or contempt". In the case of your message, the harsh language
it deserves arises from contempt for the way you said what you said.
Harsh language need not be rude, and arrogance and insolence don't enter
into my dictionary's definition (Merriam Webster's Collegiate Dictionary,
Tenth Edition).
Finally, saying that it deserves contumely is not itself using harsh
language but rather is a fairly polite form of derision. Had I heaped
contumely on it, that might have been using harsh language. I didn't,
because that would have been counterproductive. Thus your accusation is
invalid, despite your attempt to soften it with the "me, too".
Ain't educated rhetoric grand.

@_date: 1996-07-17 23:17:56
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Surf-filter lists 
YOU and I may find it so, but you simply don't understand the mentality of
those who will buy such filters without question. Vast numbers of people
take the word of their minister, government, morality "guide", guru, or
teacher without question. Why do you think Scientology has gone as far as
it has?
You don't think all those people who used the various blacklists circulated
during the McCarthy era demanded original source documents, do you?  I'm
not comparing those who desire a "clean" computer environment in their
homes with McCarthyites--I'm referring to the mental process of accepting
certain kinds of "authority" without question--especially when it wraps
itself in righteousness.
We try to teach people (at least in the better schools) to question, and
find out for themselves, but a lamentably small proportion do.

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:29:44
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CookieScan 0.0 rev 0 
And they'll simply  start encrypting the cookies if they don't do
so already. Have a nice day.

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:17:33
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
In my opinion (it's not "the truth") using a pseudonym except in force
majeure circumstances such as a rape counseling group is cowardly. I think
people should stand behind what they say, and the notion of Detweiler's
having arguments with himself pseudonymously would be hilarious if it were
not pathetic.
In any case it wouldn't work for me since I suspect my literary style is
sufficiently distinctive (at least for this sort of group) that I'd be
spotted in a short time and then be the victim of a bunch of nasty "what
have you got to hide" posts.
And I'm not going to twist myself into a pretzel, stylistically speaking,
just so some thug's nastiness can be avoided. I trust the good sense of
wiser readers, and as Harry Truman said...

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:25:01
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
It doesn't "leak overseas" as if there were some regrettable lapse in the
plumbing. Someone has to commit a felony violation of Federal law.

@_date: 1996-07-18 10:55:44
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
Thanks for letting people know that at my advanced age my sexual prowess is
undimmed. That kind of advertising cannot be bought.
You sound authoritative on this matter. Have we some women in common I
don't know about? It's SO hard to keep track. :-)

@_date: 1996-07-18 10:31:41
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Cookie alternatives 
Other uses of cookies include keeping track of pages you've already
seen/done in a sequential information web site, or in a registration
procedure; or validation of registered users and their expiry dates
(perhaps encrypted with protective data elements to prevent cookie sharing)
to avoid having to refer to a data base and slow the interaction down each
new time. I've seen some sites which appear to pass you a cookie after
you're registered, and in future take you directly to the "operational"
first page (such as the front page of a newspaper).
It's also possible to store personal data, such as the size of your largest
order to date or some such, or whether you've bounced any checks/credit
card transactions--so you get different treatment depending on your past
history. The uses are almost as varied as the mind of the server's

@_date: 1996-07-18 17:03:19
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: CDT Policy Post 2.27 - No New News on Crypto: Gore Restates 
Your comment is historically inaccurate. When "the Americans" came around
to Europe selling Clipper, most told them to go peddle their papers. Then
independent European escrow developments arose in a number of countries.
This is a European line if it is anything, since there is no mandatory
escrow requirement for domestic crypto in the US, nor has one reached the
advanced state of play it has in the UK, Netherlands, European parliament
(or is it the Council?), etc.
There is no "toeing the American line" in this matter except in the minds
of America-bashers.

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:14:44
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
That is only true if they find a way to crack Netscape's software
distribution security from overseas, or somehow found a user machine with
the software on it and cracked IT. IF the thing leaks it is much more
likely because someone on our side of the border was complicit.
Do I _think_ it will stay on this side of the border? Of course not. But
any leaked copies will be illicit and won't be in the "mass" market of
non-US Netscape versions. I think the government realizes this and the
safeguards are designed to deal with the mass of overseas users, not the
odd clever hacker and his friends.

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:46:04
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
(Apologies if I answered this yesterday--I'm seeing some posts twice for
some reason.)
That's because I hold logically supportable (and I provide such support in
my posts) but unpopular views (at least for the alt. crypto groups and this
one). If people cannot tolerate rational dissent and deal with it
rationally, they don't believe in free speech and their own beliefs are
built on sand. It's "free speech only for those who agree with them". As I
like to characterize it, it's the same cloth from which the demagogue who
cries "Power to the People!" is cut when he really means "Power to me and
my friends."
When they react by name-calling, personal attacks, and the rest of the
armamentarium of flame wars, it is THEY who are doing it.
The very concept of "flame bait" is a way of blaming the victim. It is a
close relative of the child's "he made me do it" defense.
And when on occasion (as happens) I rise to provocation, my take on it
isn't that the other guy posted "flame bait" but that I allowed myself to
be out of control. It's always possible to respond with the standard
weapons against provocation when such is deliberate: rapier-like wit,
reductio ad absurdum, literate sarcasm, or simple silence aka the filter
file. Actual contumely in a response is seldom necessary, except perhaps by
reference on rare occasion. We're not children here.
But more likely, if one feels provoked by a rational comment (as distinct
from personal defamation), that's usually a warning flag that one's own
beliefs need re-examining and may not be all that robust. In such a case a
rational discussion is the best way.
The above DOES take some learning (wanna see my scars?). Some of the more
vicious defamers in this medium never show up in "normal" polite society so
it takes a bit of experience to learn how to deal with them here. Since the
net is a free medium, such countermeasures must be learned--after trying
the standard approach of attempting to invoke "community pressure" on more
blatant defamers I've concluded it's pretty ineffective.
This medium has some historical baggage which doesn't help. There's the
contempt the newly experienced have for those a day or so behind them in
the learning process--often encapsulated in the word "luser". There's the
contempt the newly hatched super-bright have for those less bright than
they, until those super-bright types grow up and discover it takes more
than brains to have a life. Computers attract a lot of bright but immature
kids, and though the net has now pretty much "grown up" some artifacts of
the early history still remain.
Sure, and in my current analogy, another's theft may not be my intention
but it is often the result of my having some money. Does that make me
responsible for the theft? I think not.
I have repeatedly and publicly said that it is anyone's right to kill file
anyone else for any reason or no reason. Part of freedom is the freedom not
to listen. In fact I've posted instructions on how to kill file me on
occasion for those who asked.
No more than the person with money is starting theft. Theft is done by
thieves, not by their victims.
None taken, but I suggest you need to think more deeply about this.

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:48:42
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available---NOT 
Very droll. I had no trouble downloading it first try. Perhaps you should
switch to Netcom. :-)

@_date: 1996-07-18 21:02:10
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
Here's the problem in a nutshell: Everyone who has looked at our systems,
from Cliff Stoll on to blue ribbon scientific commissions, has come to the
conclusion that our society is vulnerable to willful sabotage from abroad,
ranging from information sabotage (hacking electronic financial
transactions) to physical sabotage (hacking power grid control computers to
cause widespread power failures leading to serious damage to people and
things; hacking the phone companies' computers, etc.). Some cases have
already been observed. The field has already got a name and lots of
publications. It's called "information warfare" and the government is
taking it VERY seriously.
Serious studies have shown that the kinds of protections to make the
systems we depend on robust against determined and malicious attackers (say
a terrorist government, or one bent on doing a lot of damage in retaliation
for one of our policies they don't like), have costs beyond the capability
of individual private sector actors. Your friendly neighborhood ISP, for
instance, probably can't affort the iron belt and steel suspenders needed
to make his system and its connectivity sabotage-proof, and so on. Even
cheap but clever solutions involving encryption in such systems require
standards and common practices across many institutions.
In such a case, where public benefits from government action greatly exceed
public (taxpayer) costs, and the private sector cannot (or will not) act
unaided, the classical basis for government action in the interests of the
citizenry exists. It's the economist's "lighthouse" argument.
The motivation has nothing to do with privacy, government snooping, or any
of the other things some get so excited about, though the solutions
certainly have side effects in those domains. The goal should be to
minimize the deleterious side-effects, not to throw out the baby with the
bath water.

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:50:54
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Lying Purebred Sovok Tchurkas Write the History of the Net 
VERY funny. Made my day.
You didn't have to explain it. Some things are best unsaid for maximum effect.

@_date: 1996-07-19 05:10:59
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
Peter Junger posted some assertions about how something becomes "public
domain" as far as ITAR is concerned. I asked a triaging question to clarify
his concepts for myself, and to resolve what seemed to me to be at least a
lack of clarity in his assertions. He didn't respond; instead of a rational
response to a polite substantive question, he asks about kill filing.
Does the sequence of events tell you anything?

@_date: 1996-07-19 05:24:06
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Re: US versions of Netscape now available---NOT 
Isn't that nice. Some creep is proud enough of his skill at accessing the
trivially available InterNIC finger data that he posts it to invoke
harassment. And being a coward as well, he hides behind an anonymous

@_date: 1996-07-19 06:34:07
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: ABC News on internet telephony 
There's something fundamental going on here beneath the surface.
Surprisingly, a recent item (maybe the one you reported) on this suggests
that the big phone companies are trying to use this phenomenon rather than
stop it. I think it was AT&T who announced that they had web software that
improved the quality of such internet voice calls. Surprisingly
constructive, in contrast to the coalition of small phone companies
screaming for the FCC to "stop it". The FCC has wisely said they're not
going to act right now because it could kill an incipient new technology.
This is the rankest speculation on my part, but could some of the bigger,
smarter phone company cum internet providers have done some serious
analysis and concluded that we're moving away from distance-based rates for
voice calls. Might they even have examined where we'll be in the next ten
years (with ADSL, etc.) and decided that the network technology and simple
market economics makes fixed charges per "line" more profitable to them
than metered usage? Maybe this is wishful thinking on my part, but some of
the bigger actors are starting to behave in a surprisingly
counter-intuitive (based on the way we stereotype them) fashion on this

@_date: 1996-07-19 06:32:44
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: New Infowarfare Panel 
Haven't there been some worked examples of information warfare that make
this fear and the need to deal with it legitimate?
As I recall my background reading in the public press, wasn't the etiology
that we figured out how to do some pretty nasty things (the Gulf war was
one presenting occasion) to enemies' info infrastructures to threaten their
entire social system. Then, as I understand it, someone smart said
something like "If we can do this to them, then someone can do this to us."
and we were off to the races.
It's the military and counterintel community's job to think like this and
act to protect us. I don't think imputing selfish motives is dispositive.

@_date: 1996-07-19 09:59:21
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
Let's see what the study group recommends. There are a lot of things the
government can do, and plenty of historical precedent. To take one example,
in the merchant marine industry the government for years paid a subsidy for
shipbuilders to add certain "national defense features" to ships they were
building, to harden them in excess of normal civilian requirements so
they'd be robust in time of war. No shipbuilder could afford such features
unaided, and without them we either had a dramatically reduced shipping
capability in wartime or a very vulnerable one. Things have changed since
then, but the basic principles in the example are still valid.
There are no restrictions on using as good domestic crypto as you can get,
and this issue is about the robustness of our domestic information
infrastructure. Clearly if hardening were cost-justified to the civilian
companies it would have been done already.
One of the core problems is that the benefits from hardening cannot be
captured by the individual compnanies, so they cannot cost-justify doing
it. But the losses from failure to harden can cost the wider society much
treasure. That's a natural case for government intervention on behalf of
the wider society. It's exactly like the "lighthouse" argument. The
benefits from a lighthouse can't justify an individual shipbuilder building
one, but the losses to society from the random aggregation of shipwrecks
are far greater than the cost of lighthouses. Ergo, the government builds
the lighthouses.
Irrelevant to the central issue we're discussing, and by comparison, a gnat.
This isn't about preventing domestic deployment but assisting it. You are
raising an entirely unrelated issue--crypto export policy.
Again as irrelevant as the argument that we shouldn't jail criminals until
we've eliminated the economic inequities that allegedly produce crime.

@_date: 1996-07-19 08:14:08
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
Your contumely arises from your ignorance in that you are clearly
unfamiliar with my consistent position on the Digital Telephony Act and
many other issues.
Not everyone who disagrees with you on some issues is a fool or a knave,
and to say so suggests the need for a mirror.

@_date: 1996-07-19 09:09:57
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: New Infowarfare Panel 
I'm talking about some of the information that started slowly leaking out
later, not the prime-time TV pyrotechnics.

@_date: 1996-07-19 12:17:19
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
You should do your homework. It's going to have a lot of industry people on
it and be chaired by an industry person.
You should do your homework. It has to do with being able to carry military
cargoes. Those features worked perfectly.
You should do your homework. There are many restrictions in this world;
business licenses, paying for services used, etc. My point was that there
are no laws prohibiting strong domestic crypto and you know that to be
You are evading my point, which is that some protections are too expensive
for an individual firm to cost-justify but are justified in public benefits
from such protections. And there's no evidence that government regulations
have slowed down protections on domestic financial networks, domestic air
traffic control networks, etc.
I would not object if you were making valid points, but you're not. You're
evading the basic argument and trying to respond by nit-picking.
Again, you haven't done your homework. Ask any serious company what they'd
like to be able to do, and what they can afford (cost-justify) doing. I can
tell you from direct personal experience (I've been a senior technical
executive of two Fortune 50 companies) that you are flat wrong. Don't take
my word for it--ask the security chief of any Fortune 50 company.
Some companies used to have an aphorism "If you haven't had at least one
security violation, you're spending too much money on security." I don't
agree, but it reflects what companies used to think they could afford
unaided. Yet these days a "security violation" isn't just some safe left
unlocked in a guarded area but the West Coast power grid going down or a
747 being spoofed into a mountain.
"not so high" compared to what? what level of protection?
"costs of not doing so" doesn't capture public losses, which is the basis
for government intervention.You haven't done your homework. I suggest you
read any introductory economics text that covers public policy economics,
or any good cost/benefit analysis text.
Now THAT is apples and oranges. The security of, say, IBM's, or the FAA's,
or AT&T's domestic computer networks has little to do with crypto export
The subject matter of the Commission's inquiry has more to do with
authentication than message encryption, and more to do with infrastructure
and network security. And as it happens there is no problem getting export
licenses for authentication-only software with as secure a key as you like
and no escrow. RIPEM/SIG did it years ago. You aren't even on the same page
as this issue.
Again, you are trying to fight a different battle in the wrong arena.
This isn't about your ability to encrypt your traffic. It's about securing
the domestic infrastructure against information warfare. I know this is
beginning to sound tiresome, but you'd better do your homework.

@_date: 1996-07-19 18:50:00
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
Not at all. That would be software piracy--and they'd stand the same chance
of going to jail they would if they had Lotus Notes or Microsoft Word on
such sites, crypto or no.

@_date: 1996-07-19 23:53:40
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
There are exceptions to ITAR for this purpose (overseas offices of US
companies). In addition, like the argument that we shouldn't jail anyone
until all social evils are cured, your argument fails. IBM can secure their
domestic network (at least) without having to secure their global network.
As for your suggestion that I am special pleading, that's just unsupported
defamation. I suppressed nothing--it is you who are omitting the facts I
mention just above. Only a fool would accuse another of special pleading
when the possibility the accuser doesn't understand the argument, or have
all the data exists. If you have any integrity you'll apologize.
Another attempt to accuse, read minds, and impute motives. We're talking
about securing networks such as communications, transportation, and power,
against hacker attacks. Authentication is the core, not encryption. A main
problem is the spoofer instructing the network to self-destruct. Long-key
authentication can address this when coupled with the safeguarding of keys.
and some system precautions not related to encryption.
So what? What part of "more to do with....than" don't you understand? I
never said "all"--that's a straw man to try to shift the ground of the
discussion rather than attempting a direct refutation.
So do it.
So what? Everything is connected to everything else.
Fair comment--you're certainly entitled to your opinion.
Read the Constitution.
At least some of one's interests we might both agree. There's the old joke
"I'm from Washington and I'm here to help you."

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:08:32
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Borders *are* transparent 
Incorrect. Netscape Navigator is as much commercial software as Microsoft
Word, It is NOT freeware and if he pirates it without permission he's at
least in violation of copyright which almost every country is a signatory
to. Where I come from we call that "theft". Your ethics may vary in
True, but you have to agree to the licensing warning on the box (and let's
not do the tired shrink-wrap licensing argument again, please--it's on the
outside of the box).
That no more gives you the legal right to violate ITAR after purchasing, or
violate the license terms, than buying fertilizer gives you the legal right
to make bombs in violation of the AT&F code. (No wise-guy complaints about
how software isn't a bomb--though some I've bought clearly is :-). It's an
analogy about principles, not function.)
I didn't say you couldn't do it. In fact I said the opposite--that I had no
doubt it would leak. My point was that it wouldn't become mass-market
software overseas because the leakers would be violating ITAR or copyright,
or licensing and thus couldn't get away with selling or giving away the
result at scale overseas. As Jeff pointed out, getting a licensed copy of
Navigator does NOT include redistribution rights (unless you buy a site
license directly from them--and they won't sell a site license for the US
version for overseas use in violation of ITAR). In this respect it is
significantly different from PGP or RSAREF. for which there ARE at least
some redistribution rights under the license.
"Nyaah, nyaah, you can't catch me" doesn't mean that if they do they won't
prosecute. Your waving around that stuff in France is not only juvenile,
but also may put you in violation of French crypto law. That you can get
away with 80 in a 55 mile zone until the cops see you doesn't mean 80 is
legal nor that everyone else can do it with impunity.
There's no law against meeting, and customs inspectors aren't expected to
launch interrogations to see what you told them if you're not on some watch
list. Like many laws, this one might be used if something egregious
happens. If the Russian got caught later with US Netscape by French
authorities, and it came to the attention of US authorities that he said
"Tim May gave it to me", THEN you might expect to "assist the police with
their enquiries".
Again you make the long-discredited straw man argument that the purpose of
ITAR is to hermetically seal. It is not. It is to keep legitimate US mass
market purveyors from selling strong crypto overseas, and to provide a
means to punish those who are caught violating it.
I'm sure there are lots of tax cheaters. That doesn't mean the IRS code
should be abolished (though I'd like to see massive simplification for
other reasons). I'm sure there are still thieves. That doesn't mean we
should make theft legal. I'm sure there are still those who cannot read.
That doesn't mean teaching reading is useless or silly or should be stopped.
Nobody disputes that. It won't be readily available though, except for
those who have no compunctions about software piracy.

@_date: 1996-07-19 20:57:04
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Reasonable validation of a software package 
Think of the common name on a certificate as if it were a first-come,
first-served serial number of alphanumeric form. There's no reason to
believe that John Smith is YOUR John Smith. Your John Smith might tell you
he's John Smith 37. It's kinda like vanity license plates.
The alternative is every privacy fan's nightmare--embedded SSNs or some
such in certificates.
Some of the problems, of course, will be of the users' own making and there
they get to pay their money and take their choice. What I mean is that you
can optionally include or suppress your e-mail address in Type I
certificates, and real address in Type IIs. If you include it you improve
the chances of being the "right" John Smith someone is after. If you prefer
privacy you will also be less accessible. I see nothing unusual about
that--after all, people with unlisted phone numbers are ultimately
inaccessible except (pretty much) to those to whom they give the info.
Nor is there any reason it should be. It isn't, now.
Why does it have to be a secure channel? Why can't it be published (for
instance by including the address in the certificate)?
Why wouldn't you use the certificate to bind the public key to the name and
address? What need would there be for fingerprint communication?
How is this different from 20 John Smiths in the phone book at 20 different
street addresses? I'd better know the address of the John Smith I want if
I'm to get his phone number from a directory.
Note that I'm not attacking what you say. There's clearly something you're
getting at that I don't understand--since you post sensible stuff (as far
as I recall). Help me out here.

@_date: 1996-07-19 21:26:07
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: RE: ABC news on Internet Telephony 
Starting off with defamation is a sure tipoff that what follows is crap.
And sure enough...
No. I'm referring to the consortium of small phone companies that asked the
FCC to stop it, in contrast to big phone companies which explicitly refused
to join in that request. The big ones were both long-distance carriers and
big local ones (a distinction that will soon disappear).
I'm doing no such thing. I'm reporting the empirical data. Have you some
problem with facts?
I'm not sure this is accurate. The ADSL modems are already down to the
price of v.34s at the start of v.34 and ADSL is still in its initial stage.
Being able to sell 6 MEGAbyte/sec bandwidth over ordinary copper phone pair
will increase telco revenues substantially with little additional cost
except at the switch. Switch mods don't require replacement and their cost
per dollar of revenue (even if they give away 6Mb bandwidth at ISDN prices
for 128Kb bandwidth) is pretty low. They could even charge what the cable
guys do for basic service (using video dial tone), add current charges for
local phone service, include a free Internet connection, and make money. In
fact, PacBell stopped wiring California for fiber and simply buried
incomplete cable in most locations last year because ADSL is so much better
a deal, infrastructure cost-wise. If you haven't already done so you should
check out the web sites for the ADSL consortium.
ATM is going bye-bye according to the trade press. It IS too expensive. As
for the synchronous circuit, if you're talking a signalling path that's
provided for and takes a tiny part of the bandwidth. At the switch it won't
look any different than today's call routing.
Now we're back on topic. Dunno how the increased bandwidth will be paid for
if lots of people start doing internet phone. Perhaps a new pricing model
with metered, but not distance-sensitive rates. Perhaps a special charge
for voice packets. Perhaps the number of subscribers attracted by cheap
phone will be enough to pay for the bandwidth under current pricing models.
Perhaps the split between the ISPs and the backbones will have to change.
Love will find a way.
Last time I looked my ISP was charging me about $20 a month--hardly "free".
And business users pay more.
Naah. The existing bandwidth that would go dark if phone calls shifted to
the net would become available. And I understand there's a huge amount of
dark fiber already in existence. I don't think this is the scarce resource.
I'ts starting to look like you're attempting proof by assertion rather than
referring to the known data.
I will refrain from heaping scorn on what appears to be a wild set of
ill-thought-through and uninformed objections. Your better-informed
colleagues will do it for me. If it's any comfort, I thought exactly as you
do until I started to read the discussions of this topic by experts.
(By the way there's a lot of material on Internet Phone on AT&T's web site.)

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:00:34
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Pretty good summary of one position. I'd add that in addition, some groups
you mention blackmail society by being loud and in your face, and prey on
others' fear of being thought politically incorrect, to gain amounts of
public treasure and air time vastly disproportionate to their needs or
their problem in the heirarchy of needs and problems facing society.
Putting it a bit more directly, gays are a small percentage of society but
many are constantly demanding air time, infiltrating the media to create
exposure vastly disproportionate to their numbers, and demanding public
funds per capita way in excess of what the poor, the heart-disease or
cancer-ridden, or the heterosexuals get for _their_ needs. In their latest
attempt at public blackmail they're trying to get the nation to agree that
we should provide incentives for homosexual marriages (the marriage
benefits of Federal law are incentives to behavior society wants to
encourage, not an inherent "right" of marriage).

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:49:38
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
It's a copyright work. There is no need to be explicit--redistribution of
copyright intellectual property (except for fair use excerpts) is an
infringement without explicit permission of the copyright owner, isn't it?
Next you'll be telling us that one can Xerox best-sellers without
permission and send them to Patagonia unless there's an explicit sale
prohibition against it.
Tthe license terms would have to allow redistribution explicitly for any
flavor of it to be non-infringing--they don't have to prohibit some flavors
specifically, yes?

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:48:20
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
This is simply incorrect. It is a supportable advocacy for most adults, but
children's minds tend to be like sponges--everything they take in (up until
a certain age) is thought to be true, interesting, worth experimenting
with, based on authority, etc. Read Piaget.
What is more, a parent can't watch them every second while they're on the
net, nor will they ask all the questions they should about certain material
they see. I'd no more permit young kids to view gay or bestial or porno
sites on the net than I'd let them view propaganda for how good pigs taste
(unsupervised), if I were an orthodox Jew.
When they've passed the developmental stage (I rely on the experts in this
field for that determination) where they have independent critical
judgement and the security to exercise it, THEN I would open up their
I speak as a father who has raised four children who turned out to be
independent beings to successful adulthood and families of their own, not
as a theoretician.

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:30:52
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
As usual, when someone calls names it is a tip-off that his argument is bogus.
1. Each country can defend its domestic infrastructure without having to
defend the international infrastructure and the international
infrastructure will pretty much take care of itself. Multinationals should
defend their branches on the territory of the host countries and within
their rules, not from the US.
2. The presenting issue here is information warfare against the US.
What is more what you say is false. I did say that there were exceptions to
ITAR for some US companies, which permit strong crypto to be used in their
overseas operations. What is more, for many months now State has permitted
US Cits to take strong crypto out of the country for personal use, if they
agree to some elementary safeguards.
Your comment is yet another example of the juvenile argument ("juvenile" in
the sense that one sees it a lot in young children whose logical
sophistication hasn't yet developed) that if something isn't perfect it
shouldn't be done at all.
Rest omitted. I'm not going to take any more time with someone who lards
his prose with deliberate personal offense and the questioning of motives.

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:45:59
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
I think your comments, in the context of this discussion, are less than
fully informed. This is a matter that has been given extensive and serious
scientific study over the years, independently of any specific moral or
"civil liberties" issues. Read Piaget, for example.

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:08:26
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: ABC News on internet telephony 
I said counter-intuitive to the way we stereotype them. We stereotype the
phone companies as greedily pursuing metered rates and distance-sensitive
ones at that. Every so often we see a horror story that they're about to
charge per packet, or put in a modem tax, or some such. History supports
such fears.
I don't have the data to know if that's generally true, but I'll take your
word for it for the moment. Can you post or e-mail me something definitive?
Count on it. But I speculate the demise of smaller ISP's will come at least
in part in another way--the capital base of the big telcos means that they
can offer more reliable service, fewer busy signals, better customer
service, and more rapid introduction of advanced technologies AT SCALE as
they grow. But isn't that the way markets are supposed to work?

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:34:59
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive  order 
We're not reading from the same page. This discussion is about information
warfare and the robustness of US financial, information, control, and power
infrastructures, not ITAR. Could you be kind enough to check the Subject,
read Gorelick's testimony, and perhaps even (dare I suggest it) read the
discussion prior to your post?
Again you are off-topic and non-responsive.
Again you are off-topic and non-responsive.
Again you are off-topic. We're talking about information warfare threats of
the sort that bring entire systems and infrastructures crashing down.
But thanks for responding. I share your concerns. I feel your pain. Vote
for me in '93. :-)

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:50:53
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
Wrong. Society has long made a distinction between liberty and license, and
"freedom" is a definitional and even societal-situational thing that keeps
advancing. Check out history. Read some Supreme Court decisions of the more
thoughtful kind.
It IS relevant in the underlying principles it illustrates. That the
details aren't of the same magnitude is irrelevant. Didn't you learn
"reductio ad absurdum" in school?
It is ludicrous for some cypherpunks to try to compare their "cause" with
freeing the slaves or overthrowing a tyrannical and abusive dictator. In
fact it is romantic fantasy. Not every prosecution is of Jean Valjean; not
every arrest for speeding is the destruction of freedom as we know it. Not
every theoretical consequence is a current abuse. "Trust everyone, but
always cut the cards" is a better guide for living in a democratic society
than "distrust everyone and insist on all or nothing".
Essentially, one who opposes or deliberately sabotages Netscape's
compromise with full ITAR deregulation is a fascist in that he is trying to
force his will on those of his fellow citizens who want to download the
secure US version in the US, and deny _them_ _their_ rights.

@_date: 1996-07-20 20:07:22
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
That's what happened, or didn't you notice that ITAR is based on laws
passed by an elected Congress? Didn't you notice that thus far when people
with one position on the matter have tried to persuade Congress to modify
ITAR, they have failed? This is a (as far as it goes) a democracy, not a
'Llewyellyn and those who agree with him' dictatorship.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:51:28
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Gorelick testifies before Senate, unveils new executive order 
I suggest that your comment about non-neighborhood IPS systems is
speculative and isn't based on reading the formal threat assessment
You are entitled to your opinion but it's just that, not an analytic
argument. It also contains at least one false assumption: that if "their"
threat evaluation deems it important, they can afford to implement it. As
we know this is flat out false. Many aviation experts have said that we
could make airplanes a lot safer than they are now (for example), but
nobody could afford to fly them if we did.

@_date: 1996-07-20 18:58:41
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Engineer 
This is such a smug, superior, put-off that I have to give the original
questioner his answer. Reverse engineering means taking a product and from
inspection and analysis, figuring out a way to duplicate it. Engineering is
starting out with specs and coming out with the product. Reverse
engineering is starting out with the product, coming up with specs and then
duplicating the product.

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:16:55
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: PictureTel Licenses Cylink Security Technology For EncryptedVideoconfe (fwd) 
That's what Cylink claims. RSADSI disagrees vigorously. Stay tuned for the
court results.

@_date: 1996-07-20 22:42:20
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Not so fast, D'Artagnan. Let's deconstruct your statement that it's a scary
1. Is it scary to the people who buy and use it? Apparently not, since they
hae free choice.
2. Is your finding it scary relevant? Apparently not, since you don't have
to buy it and thus have free choice.
What's left except authoritarianism on your part?

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:18:02
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
I've been around for so long that I knew when I typed the above someone
would try to take my words literally in order to avoid my point and pick
the above nit. My point stands--this is not a 'whoever and those who agree
with him' dictatorship. The administration has the legislative permission
the Constitution provides for through our elected representatives, and a
few who disagree have no standing to say that the government should ask
their permission yet again.
If they disagree with what Congress and the administration have done, there
are well-established ways to petition Congress to change it. If they fail,
t.s.--that's the way our system works. YOU don't get to force your will on
the wider population, nor do YOU get to tell them that they are poor
benighted fools who should agree with YOUR views on civil liberties. To
assert otherwise is fascism, authoritarianism, dictatorship, pick one.

@_date: 1996-07-20 18:01:09
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: take the pledge 
Perry is notorious for posting garbage and the above mote in his own eye is
a prime example. 99%? Let's see some data and specifics. I'm always willing
to discuss substantive disagreements, presented civilly.
It's pathetic that Perry, can't even make a rational counter-argument but
has to resort to unsupported defamation.
Nobody compels you to answer any of my posts. Calling for a "pledge" and an
organized boycott suggests you are afraid people won't agree with you
without trying to make it "politically correct" to do what YOU want. Some
freedom-lover you are.
The truth is none of my points have been refuted by you, and being unable
to deal with rational critical comment, you resort to this.
Go for it. I won't mind, and the noise level will go way down, especially
among the defamers, who don't respond with much substance anyway.

@_date: 1996-07-20 16:27:53
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Probably something to do with flushing dope down the toilet, or destroying
evidence. Perhaps it's too much to expect them to disconnect the sewer line
and hit your interior with a water hose and an electricity cut-off before
raiding it.

@_date: 1996-07-21 00:45:49
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
There are many others who have come to similar conclusions about the
formation of independent judgement in children, and lots of non-Piaget
experiments. Your comments are diversionary and in fact by the end of your
post you come to agree with my basic point.
That is also false in its implications. Librarians are in loco parentis,
and most libraries are VERY careful about what materials young children are
exposed to and what is more, are responsive to community pressure in the
matter since most libraries are community-based. Again you have seized on
the details of an example to act as if it were the argument itself, and
nit-picked. My core point remains unrefuted.
So after trying to refute my point, you come to agree with it and want to
shift the issue to the question of at what age.... I'm not competent to
assess that nor, I assert, are you; I suggest it varies with the child and
it's up to the individual parent to make those subtle distinctions, issue
by issue, child by child.
Now you've really got me on the ropes to understand you. As I parse the
above sentence it says limiting is often justified but it might not be.
What kind of definitive conclusion is that? I suggest none, and your bottom
line is that it's case by case. If so, it's up to the parents to figure out
where THEIR kid is on the scale--nobody else has as much time, motivation,
or opportunity to observe.

@_date: 1996-07-21 02:15:09
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
"9th Amendment
The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to
deny or disparage others retained by the people."
Nothing in here about ITAR.
"10th Amendment
The powers not delegated to the United States shall not be construed to extend
           ^^^
to any suit in law or equity, commenced or prosecuted against one of the United
States by citizens of another State or by citizens or subjects of any foreign
Nothing in here about ITAR.
On the other hand:
"We the People of the United States, in order to form a more perfect union,
establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common
"The Congress shall have power
To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states,
and with the Indian tribes;
To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by the Constitution in the
government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof."
Looks like ITAR is covered there.
So don't (as the Russians say) try to teach your Grandmother how to suck eggs.

@_date: 1996-07-21 02:21:09
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] was Re: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
Though it is well known that I am in favor of gun control regulations, I
have to support Brad Dolan here. There is a huge and traditional gun
culture in rural American, particularly in the midwest. The way most Jewish
kids get Bar Mitzvahed at 13 as a rite of passage into adulthood, or the
way most kids get their learner's permit to drive as such a symbol is the
way many midwestern kids get their first gun.

@_date: 1996-07-21 03:08:16
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
So now you're switching your ground to the First Amendment? Why can't you
argue straight out?
Slip of the editor, not a conspiracy. THe point is that it says "not
delegated to the United States", and as I showed below, powers which cover
ITAR were so delegated.
This is an unsustainable position for which you have no legal basis. Your
implied claim is that an amendment implicitly repeals prior language. As
we've seen from other amendments, if prior language is to be repealed that
is done explicitly or by reference in the amendment. There are some Supreme
Court cases because there are conflicts between the implicit content of
some amendments (the famous "penumbra of the Constitution") and prior
language. And we've seen many cases where even strict constructionists held
in Dicta that prior powers weren't implicitly repealed by the First,
particularly in speech cases. The famous "Freedom of Speech does not extent
to the right to falsely shout "Fire!" in a crowded theatre" is one. "The
Constitution is not a suicide pact." is another.
But Con Law is a bit off topic for this group, eh? Let's agree to disagree.
That's both false and defamatory unless you're commenting on your own
shortcomings as a teacher. Some here will tell you that they've taught me a
lot, and that when evidence or logic are clear, I do alter my views. In the
instant case neither appertains, at least not so far.

@_date: 1996-07-21 03:52:45
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: pledge status 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                             ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^      ^^^^^^
Interesting view of the truth.
Keep up the good work, Metzger. A few more like this and you'll be a
spammer. Plonk!

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:40:17
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
No wiggling involved. I think I refuted you decisively but recognize that
we've reached the point of diminishing returns for this group and that a
discussion focussing mostly on the interpretation of Constitutional
mechanics would be by and large off topic here. I was attempting to be
considerate, not evasive. I'll take it as far as you like (within the
bounds of civility) via e-mail.
Glad to explain it. I used "tell" in the sense of compel, not in the sense
of expressing one's opinion. "Joe told us what to do" is different from
"Joe expressed his opinion of what we should do" in the sense I used it.
Thanks for asking;

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:43:33
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Firewall Penetration 
A more interesting answer (in which I'm also interested) would address the
possibility of penetrating a well-executed, well-managed firewall.

@_date: 1996-07-21 04:45:15
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Engineer 
Important comment.
Further, as I understand it if an implementation is obvious to one
practiced in the art, one's ability to protect such an implementation is
also limited.

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:14:33
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
This is too good to pass up. The modern version, then is:
"The tree of liberty must be titillated with the money of sex-seekers."
MIT '54

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:18:10
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: MIT harassed over publication of PGP book 
As Hal Abelson should well know, at least the undergraduates at MIT used to
call the John T. Dorrance Lab (a big food sciences building) "the
Campbell's Soup Lab". It's not just government.

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:29:13
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
Remind anyone of the old aphorism "I will fight to the death the right to
say it. Your death."?

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:48:38
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
The above suggests your mind is closed. I'm going to respond once for the
benefit of other readers before plonking you. Feel free to e-mail me if you
really want a discussion and not just to hear yourself talk.
The job of a parent is exactly that. The "benevolent despotism" begins
totally, when a child is unable to survive physically unaided, and
gradually diminishes as a child achieves increasing independence--to eat,
to walk, to read, to think, to make independent critical judgements.
This is a massive evasion. I referred to librarians' traditional role in
managing children's reading. Most libraries (for instance) won't permit
young children in the adult stacks, and many have a children's card that
isn't valid for certain kinds of books. Further, librarians often observe
what children are reading and try to gently guide them--mostly informed by
the child's tastes but also with a certain "keep them out of hot water"
flavor.  Big, busy libraries may not be able to do that, but I am forever
grateful for mine in Hartford, Connecticut. Under the gentle guidance of
librarians my intellectual development was stimulated in such a way that
I'm convinced it was one factor in my eventually being able to get into
MIT. And yes, they wouldn't let me into some sections until I was at an age
where they thought I could handle it.
We're not talking about "young adults" here. It's been clear from my
comments from the beginning that I was talking about young children. Piaget
didn't do all that much with teen-agers.
This has to do with attempted censorship of what adults may read, and is
totally off-topic.
More than that, you conceded that the constraints should be tailored to the
age of the child (or at least what could be observed about the child's
maturity). That was my only point and one with which you at first
disagreed. Reread your post--you are really blind to your own prejudices
about my posts.
I never said that. Please provide evidence that I did.
On this we disagree. It is a legitimate disagreement. And "capriciousness"
is a dishonest misrepresentation of what I said.
Reread your own sentence (which I note you don't quote). It says what I
claim, not your revisionist rewriting above.
As usual with the intellectually bankrupt, calling names such as "Statist"
is  "the last resort of the scoundrel".

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:58:52
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
So is your comment. What was broken was not public key, but a particular
key length (and by implication shorter ones). You can do that with just
about any system, even a one-time pad, by brute force, but it won't buy you
much more than sharpening your skills, for longer keys.
One particular public key algorithm (you aren't too specific here) WAS
broken a few years ago, but that was not RSA and isn't used any longer. If
memory isn't playing tricks on me it was the knapsack algorithm.

@_date: 1996-07-22 01:56:48
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Game Theory and its Relevance to Cypherpunks 
Some findings of game theory are really just formulations of common sense,
or proofs of things intuitively suspected, and are both valid and useful.
Some have worked their way into mainstream economics. I think, for example,
of the "Prisoners' Dilemma".
In fact it is exactly that result that is at the core of MAD. It only works
in advance if both sides know the payoff matrix, which is why many of the
"incomprehensible" leaks of our capabilities took place and why we took
great pains (as did the Sovs--can you say "Markov"? or "Kolmogorov"?) to do
demos of our capabilities that they could easily observe.

@_date: 1996-07-22 02:27:18
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
My use of "assert" in the above paragraph is quite different. "Tell"
applies to the act I'm discussing. "assert" refers to your comment about
the act. As for your complaint about "should", it and tell are consistent
with my meaning which was, to be more precise:
Merriam Webster's Collegiate Dictionary, Tenth Edition:
"tell...1. count, enumerate; 2. to relate in detail, narrate, give
utterance to;
3. to make known, divulge, reveal; 4. to report to, inform; 5. order,
direct; 6. to find out by observing, recognize.
I used meaning 5 in the comment you asked about.
As to your tone and subsequent remarks, this conversation is now closed.
You may have the last word. To be sure I don't inadvertently continue it
with you,...

@_date: 1996-07-22 02:18:18
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
This is not a technocracy, and the NAS is not a government policy review
body but an advisory one.
Having said that, your cynicism is probably well founded. :-)

@_date: 1996-07-22 02:29:54
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
"Your honor, I don't know who flushed it. I have many visitors to my home."
is rather different than being caught with a large stash of cocaine on your
night table.

@_date: 1996-07-22 03:56:45
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Not in the cities I'm familiar with. And so to do would be wrong, in my
view. In fact, library children's programs do a LOT more than simply aiding
patrons in locating materials and maintaining the order of the library, so
your contention is false on its face.

@_date: 1996-07-22 04:06:13
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: American People the relation to the Police 
I know lots of people who would like to take away the Religious Right. :-)

@_date: 1996-07-22 12:17:37
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
Theoretically Simon is right. Nevertheless one-time pads have been broken
through trial and error when they have been reused either out of laziness
or force majeure.
It's not a "monkeys in the British Museum" problem, since when you hit the
right key sequences both encrypted text streams will fall cleanly
out--otherwise the chances are overwhelming (given a decently long run)
that one of the two streams will contain garbles or more likely be complete
It's a pretty simple computer program--all you need is a decent test for
plaintext so you don't have to examine most of the test decryptions.

@_date: 1996-07-22 12:07:57
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
Irrelevant. Why should they have to if nobody has done it and fessed up? A
law that is enforced because nobody is willing to violate it is just as
good as the kind where they shoot you after one overtime parking offense.
Better, because nobody gets shot.

@_date: 1996-07-22 17:21:19
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
This is getting silly. I made a comment about brute force search, explained
what I meant, and now some want to pick nits about semantics. My meaning
was clear. Things called "one time pads" have been broken when they were
reused. Breaking them is a matter of brute force search and checking both
decrypt streams for plaintext. If they are used correctly and not reused,
that approach isn't available. End of story.

@_date: 1996-07-22 18:18:37
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
If monkeywrenchers allege that they are trying to "help" us, they are
lying. Netscape is bringing strong crypto to most US people.
Monkeywrenchers are saying 'if everyone can't have it, nobody can' if they
monkey-wrench Netscape's net downloading permission from the government.
Since it's pretty unlikely their monkeywrenching will result in the repeal
of ITAR, they are little different from the spoiled brats who, when told
they can't keep another child's candy, throw it in the dirt and stamp on it
so nobody can have it.
I read Tim May's suggestions, and while he is sincere and trying to be
helpful, I use strong language above because it's time we called things for
what they are instead of politely pussyfooting around them. Monkeywrenchers
are no friends of Cypherpunks. They are the enemy, as surely as is
mandatory key escrow in the US.

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:32:33
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
You're living in a dream world, Vladimir. There's no more going to be a
revolution about this than there was under Stalin, and for similar
reasons--when the government says the security of the State is at risk, and
the public sees explosions and deaths, they are going to go along.
All this will accomplish is ruin it for most everyone else. It reveals the
"monkeywrenchers" for the fascists they are.
"Comrades, comes the revolution you'll all eat strawberries and cream."
"But I don't like strawberries and cream."
"Comrades, comes the revolution, you'll ALL eat strawberries and cream."

@_date: 1996-07-23 19:16:30
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Another fascist 
One of the great friends of free speech on this list sent a forged cancel
message to the listbot to try to cancel my subscription.
The listbot, being reasonably well designed, ignored him and told me about
it, though I have no doubt less of a dunce could bring it off.
What a piece of slime! What do others think of this practice?

@_date: 1996-07-23 22:38:58
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Boycotts and Etiquette 
You, sir, are an ignoramus. I mean by that that you have not read any
significant volume of my posts, in many of which I vigorously oppose such
things as the Digital Telephony Bill, and yet you pronounce freely on
something about which you know little.
Although I sometimes agree with sentiments here for logical and policy
reasons, and sometimes disagree for the same reasons, you apparently think
that unless someone agrees lock-step with you they are rubber stamps for
the "other side".
You have a lot to learn.
And by the way "statist" is an empty taunt. But then, perhaps you think the
Founding Fathers were statists, and the Constitution a tool of the devil.
Actually, though fairly young at the time, I was horror-stricken. That's
one man I never had a good word for. I was amazed that most
fellow-travelers didn't see it until his pact with Hitler.
Though your black and white mentality can't accomodate it, Hoover did at
least one major positive thing for civil liberties, amid the morass of his
high-handed offenses. That was to refuse to go along with the Nixon White
House's "Houston Plan". He said flat out it was unconstitutional and he
wouldn't do it. They tried every way they could to get around him, but
failed. It's all been documented in Senate hearings and with the source
documents. Now some say Hoover did this for his own reasons but be that as
it may, on that occasion he saved the Constitution, and despite his sins I
think he died shriven.
You are free to ignore anyone you like for any reason, or no reason. I urge
you to kill file me if you don't want to read my stuff. If you have a mail
reader I'm familiar with, I'd even be happy to give you instructions on how
to do it.

@_date: 1996-07-24 09:29:52
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
Phil Z was not harassed, he was investigated.
When the government harasses you, believe me you will know it. Can you say

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:54:37
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Preaching to the Choir? 
Tim has it exactly right. And those who call names or try to suppress views
different than their own are simply acknowledging publicly that their views
are pretty weak, if not simple prejudice.

@_date: 1996-07-24 21:00:41
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: NOISE: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Some of us love the occasional rabbit's foot but we don't carry the live
rabbit around with us. Maybe if you offered us Charles' Rolls Royce, or the
odd Crown Jewel...
If you won't call him "Prince", how about "Rover"? (pun intended)
And judging from recent exposes, Wallis Simpson's Duke of Windsor was
trying very hard to get back to the mother country and his kindly old Uncle
How's THIS thread for off-topic? The first reader who fails to be amused is
given one free pass to tell both Phill and I to take it to e-mail.

@_date: 1996-07-24 04:35:34
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] was Re: Giving 6 year old kids Uzi's 
I find myself in the very peculiar and unfamiliar position of defending the
gun crowd--I fail to see how (speaking generally) a midwestern rural teen's
having a hunting rifle affects someone in urban America.
Any integrity with respect to civil liberties extends to the rights of
those with whom you disagree. Otherwise it's self-indulgence wrapped in
fancy-looking clothes.

@_date: 1996-07-24 05:02:57
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
To call simple lawbreaking by cowards working in secret "civil
disobedience" is to defame the name of Gandhi, King, and all the legitimate
protesters of modern history. Civil disobedience must be seen publicly, and
must be done by observable individuals. Masked men throwing stink bombs is
not civil disobedience--it's hooliganism.

@_date: 1996-07-24 06:24:55
@_author: Ted Anderson 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
As you can clearly see I did *not* suggest that the software needed to
be uploaded anonymously.  I agree that public disobedience has a much
large impact than private disobedience, but I think the value of private
disobedience is still positive.
Uploading critical software which computer users can access accross the
globe, important as it is, is not an ideal method of practicing (or
mispracticing if you prefer) Civil Disobedience.  The problem is that
only a single copy only needs to be uploaded and only one person really
gets "credit" for the upload.
Better is something like Vince Cate's "Arms Trafficker" page:
    I am there at  striking a tiny but not invisible blow for freedom.
172 Mon May  6  7:56:39 1996 Ted Anderson  user-168-121-79-76.dialup.mindspring.com  168.121.79.76
Ted Anderson

@_date: 1996-07-24 17:34:10
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
This is hilarious. About two or three years ago, when I first began
discussing crypto, I made a similar suggestion with respect to RSA.
I was excoriated, pilloried, and in general called a very educational
selection of bad names.

@_date: 1996-07-25 11:10:12
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
The above statement is false. You have to agree to the license for the
beta, and the release will likely have the same terms as before--you have
to buy it unless
you're a US student or some such. Netscape is NOT "giving it away". Even
the no-charge users are licensed under carefully crafted terms. And as the
copyright owner, they, not you decide on redistribution policy even for
cases where it is a no-charge copy.
So it IS stealing to redistribute without permission--it is THEIR
intellectual property and only they may decide on what terms others may
have a copy.
And yes, I'm a licensed user and paid for mine.

@_date: 1996-07-25 11:06:42
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Kids and Computer Privacy Was  Re: No more stupid gun  thread  ... 
False. It is "ancillary military equipment" or some such.

@_date: 1996-07-25 11:12:18
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
I don't KNOW, but a reasonable speculation is because Netscape is a
complete operating package and RSAREF is a set of subroutines or (in the
case of MIT PGP, a pre/post processor). If, as I have often speculated, the
objective is to keep mass market software with strong crypto out of foreign
hands (and Netscape certainly qualifies given the number of copies out
there), then one would expect more stringent rules for it, the Microsoft
browser (when IT gets strong crypto), Lotus Notes, etc.

@_date: 1996-07-26 18:01:09
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Freedom, crypto, and terrorism 
It was "Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty."
I have just revised my views on the topic of freedom, crypto, and terrorism
as a result of reading Benjamin Netanyahu's new book (a few months old) on
terrorism and what the West can do about it, in one sitting. The book was
written before he became Prime Minister.
So as not to start a flame war here, let me just say that no intelligent
person can discuss this subject without having read Netanyahu's book. It
should be required reading for every American.
No--I'm not going to say what my views now are. Let me just say that in
about 150 very closely reasoned pages, with lots of both historical and
current evidence, Netanyahu has brought me around totally in support of his
views and his prescription for the United States--and I understand much
better now why his positions on Israeli policy are directly in the vital
interests of the United States. Readers wishing an explanation for certain
recent US policies, as well as a guide to likely future ones will benefit
from this book, whose influence has reached the highest circles of US
Informed readers will know what I mean. Those who aren't should become so
informed by reading the book. I would be happy to entertain a discussion of
the book via private e-mail with those who have read it.

@_date: 1996-07-26 18:28:37
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
Exactly. I arrived at the solution the same way. Note that there is another
assumption needed--that the selection of a proposer is by lot at each new
stage. If the ordering of proposers is known in advance, a different
solution results.
A further assumption is that a certainty gain of 1/n of the total sum is
preferred to a 1/n probability of gaining the entire sum and a (1-1/n)
probability of gaining nothing..

@_date: 1996-07-26 19:58:14
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- CLARIFICATION 
Your solution fails if the proposer is determined by lot, stage by stage.
Any other approach will be felt unfair by some, but that approach will be
thought fair by all.

@_date: 1996-07-26 19:08:45
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Freeh Testimony 7/25/96 
They cannot have read his prepared statement, which addresses this issue
(see below). Neither, apparently did you, Dave, or you would not leave the
misleading impression Freeh didn't address this topic. Were you being
sloppy? Mendacious?
Not valid. No sooner did Europeans reject the idea of the US as escrow
holder then they set busily to work developing their own standard. There's
no reason the US couldn't go along with what THEY decide (and trust me,
judging on form it will be more Draconian that what the US would have
This is consistent with Netanyahu's recent book on terrorism, except that
Freeh apparently doesn't include the civil liberties protections suggested
by Netanyahu. I'm surprised. Freeh is said to be a very smart man--he must
know that if he included those protections as an integral part of his
advocacy it would go down much better with the American people. Failure so
to do raises the most serious questions.

@_date: 1996-07-26 18:46:54
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
No. Robber 18 knows that he will be killed under those circumstances, so he
proposes that Robber 20 gets all the money. 20 votes with him. Now iterate
backwards. If, under my assumption the proposers are selected by lot at
each stage, then 18 still knows he'd be killed, but not knowing which of 19
or 20 is the next proposer, suggests 19 and 20 split 50-50. Since each
knows that he might be  and get nothing on the next round, they accept.
Now iterate that one backwards.

@_date: 1996-07-27 05:38:47
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Freedom, crypto, and terrorism 
Several have asked me about this by e-mail. The title of the book is
"Fighting Terrorism--How democracies can defeat domestic and international
The first chapter of the book may be read free at:
Netanyahu's recommendations are in the final chapter of the book.

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:06:53
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Defeating "Perp Profile" Analyses Of Written Materials 
You are using two code books for double encoding. This is the kind of
problem analysts solve while brushing their teeth. All the analyst has to
do is determine your translation programs (easy to do since they have such
obvious anomalies) and create reverse code books. The malapropisms are so
obvious that there should be little difficulty aggregating the longest
phrases that make up one codebook entry.

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:52:20
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Freeh Testimony 7/25/96 
Because that's what Banisar pointed us to in his message. Had he qualified
his own post of Freeh's opening statement I might have reacted differently.
This increases the odds on "sloppy" rather than "mendacious".

@_date: 1996-07-27 07:58:23
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- CLARIFICATION 
But Hal, these are Cypherpunks, which means some of them are smart and some
are uh, er, um, not so smart. I would not want to be first in line.

@_date: 1996-07-27 08:30:24
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: TIM_ers 
If so, we can't stop such people at the airport, and we are thrown back on
intelligence, and going after terrorist support networks and
terrorist-supporting States, a la Netanyahu.
Like key escrow, fancy airport detection schemes will spot the dunce
terrorists (which helps), but to get the sophisticated ones, much more is
By the way, one of Freeh's points is that even if terrorists communicate
with each other using what Freeh hopes will become illegal or seldom-used
crypto, they have to communicate with lots of others not in on the
conspiracy (banks, etc.) and if all legal crypto is escrowed either by
common practice or by law, they can be gotten at that way.
Perhaps Freeh is hinting at sources and methods for some of the
government's successes, rather than presenting idle speculation.

@_date: 1996-07-28 04:15:54
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Web Services Inc. 
If so it's not a very good one. Like the earlier similar one last year,
he's probably going to attract unwelcome attention and end up on some lists
he'd just as soon not be on.
It's the same principle by which airline personnel take bomb jokes very
seriously. Make one and your trip will be rather longer and less direct
than you expected.

@_date: 1996-07-28 05:40:37
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Twenty Beautiful Women 
Here's another:
Twenty beautiful women are to pass before you, one by one (or 20 handsome
men). You see only one at a time. You cannot speak to them. After seeing
any one, you must pick her or reject her. If you reject her, you cannot
change your mind. If you pick her the exercise terminates.
What is the optimal strategy for insuring you get the most beautiful woman
possible under the circumstances?

@_date: 1996-07-29 06:07:46
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
This, and similar remarks by others, consistently misses the point which I
have been making for about a year now, and which Director Freeh finally
made explicit in his testimony last week. That is--the government is
concerned with mass market software incorporating robust crypto, used
overseas, and recognizes that they can't keep niche products off the
market, nor stop bad guys from using crypto the government would just as
soon they didn't. Since the US has a hammerlock on that mass market, and
since few would switch products to let the crypto tail wag the features dog
(no slur intended), ITAR follows.
Though I've no connection with Freeh, it's interesting that his language is
almost word for word the same as what I've been using. Do you suppose some
of his staff reads my stuff?
Until now we haven't seen such an open public admission of what the
government is concerned about--probably because the State Department
doesn't like to have an official spokesman admit we're mass monitoring and
seining foreign traffic since it is an embarassment to the polite fiction
of diplomatic relations (though I'm sure the truth is that every country
with the capability does it).
See above.
What he's saying is that US-exported copies of the Lotus Lockshens,
Microsoft Machayas, and Netscape Niguns of the world still do not contain
robust crypto the USG cannot read.
He says it can, and suggests following the banking trail among other
things. We know the government has already had good success with this
strategy. And one of the objectives is to identify sponsors of terrorism
and retaliate against them (cf. Netanyahu).
So as Netanyahu says at length we need to build in protections against
abuses, using both the legislature and the judiciary.

@_date: 1996-07-30 06:44:58
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
None of these are mass market software in the sense I discussed. Mass
market products are generally known as "productivity applications". Even
PGP, which has a certain following, doesn't do anything but encryption etc.
on its own. It's not a word processor like Microsoft Word, mail program
like Eudora, or shared data base cum mail system like Lotus Notes. Those
are the mass market applications generating huge volumes of readable
traffic of value. As for Netscape (and its mailer), it complies with ITAR.
Thus your rejoinder is irrelevant and non-responsive.
Let those who passed basic English use the skills they were taught. Freeh
said, and I repeated, that the system wasn't designed to prevent determined
criminals from using robust crypto.
You are either dense or obfuscating. The point has now been made repeatedly
that the issue isn't the disappearance of stand-alone niche crypto, but
prevention of robust, built-in, unescrowed crypto, transparently usable in
exported copies of Microsoft Word, Netscape, Eudora, etc. Read the previous
sentence until you understand it.

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:52:33
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
Preface: Having weathered the storm of personal attacks, I've concluded that
most of what is on this list _right now_ is of insufficient interest to what
I'm currently working on to continue, so I've unsubscribed (there's too much
traffic to let it be). I will see the occasional posts copied to me and
respond, Posts allegedly from me, if not signed, are forgeries until I post
a signed notice that I have rejoined the list.
Thanks for listening;
Close. For "designed to prevent" read "not make available from the US", and
for "folk" read "foreigners".
There's no earthly reason the US should assist foreigners in thwarting US
intelligence efforts.
As readers know, I am opposed to mandatory domestic key escrow.

@_date: 1997-10-27 01:25:25
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Orthogonality and Disaster Recovery 
Dunno why I got this since I'm not on the cypherpunks list, but I found it
interesting and worth responding to. (Tim--please repost to the list if my
attempt to do so fails.)
This is a sensible criterion when the functions are indeed independent. There
are small leakages even there--thus an on-line money management program which
can send inquiries about incomplete transactions to a bank and receive replies
needs a small e-mailer and certainly an Internet interface.
The argument has, however, become polarized for self-serving purposes by
Microsoft. They have linked their Internet Explorer with the OS, claiming the
desktop as the place of commonality. That permits them to require bundling of
the two. They have apparently threatened vendors who don't bundle THEIR
browser on the desktop with pulling their Windows license. They have refused
to allow vendors to remove their browser icon from the desktop on grounds it
then "doesn't present the complete 'Windows experience' to the user". What's
next-integrating Word with the desktop to drive out competing word processors;
integrating Access to drive out competing data bases. The matter is currently
under challenge by the Federal government, whose definition of orgthoganality
seems to be that a particular application has (in practice) or has had a
separate market--been sold separately.
Under the Federal definition as long as a news reader or a mailer have been
sold separately they are separate product. But in this case there is important
common functionality. Netscape Communicator integrates not only the mailer and
newsreader, but provides a near-identical interface to the two and lists
newsgroups as a continuation of your list of mail folders. The model feels a
little artificial (and their newsreader doesn't yet have filters so it's
inconvenient), but one can see some sense in it.
Similarly, one often wishes to mail pages one is browsing. Integration of the
mailer and the browser are thus quite convenient. It is true one can use the
passing of events and the clipboard to do it with separate applications but
that's both inelegant and a source of inefficiency and problems.
The fundamental problem with the modular approach is configuration control and
that is a big enough mess as it is with control panels and extensions, as any
user can attest. A small industry has sprung up which reports inconsistencies
there, and programs which test for such incompatibilities (and are quite
time-consuming) also exist (at least on the Mac), illustrating the reality of
the problem. In such cases strong central control and integrated operation is
best. It is, in fact, the root of the Mac metaphor, where Apple's Human
Interface Guidelines have forced a common user interface on all "Mac-like"
applications, making for a short learning curve and the famous lack of a need
to RTFM for most Mac applications. Windows has a long way to go but is heading
in a similar direction (one hopes). Meanwhile, the "modular" approach of many
Windows applications leads to remarks like anything other than changing a file
name wiil likely require a reboot. (There's a grain of truth in every satire.) It is also the reason why Unix is arcane, complex, and difficult for most
novices and why poor imitations of Mac windowing and the Mac finder have
sprung up. The value of Unix isn't that modularity. It is the robustness of
the kernel. In fact modern operating systems use a Unix Kernet under a
Mac-like user interface (Rhapsody, Be, etc.).
This seems to be a defense of a major failing of PGP. Rather than being a
complete package for a user function (encrypting and signing mail, for
example) it is a pre- and post-processor which requires a separate mailer and
newsreader. In fact this whole argument may be viewed as an attempt to defend
that failing of PGP. The failing is understandable since Phil wanted to get
something out there quickly and hadn't (and probably still doesn't have) the
resources and talents available to do a complete PGP mailer/newsreader--much
less be able to compete successfully with those who DO do such mailers and newsreaders.
By the way, if one's world-view is PGP-centric there's another argument for
combining a mailer and a newsreader--both need to be able to sign traffic and
process signed traffic; to pass signed and perhaps encrypted files.
A defense of the obsolete, in my view. Like most "bright ideas" I believe this
notion of modules and plug-ins will eventually collapse of its own interface
management weight except in cases of both very tightly defined sandboxes, and
open-ended/niche needs (such as in an OS or a do-everything text editor such
as BBEdit) which the vendor hasn't the personnel and time to fill. Don't be
misled by the need for such niche tweaks into thinking there's a fundamental
principle at work here.
Netscape has really been moving toward a multi-purpose Net/Web OS for some
time. That's why it has a browser, mailer, newsreader, web page maker,
conferencer, and push-traffic channel handler. If done well (there's the rub)
it is both more convenient, more consistent of user interface, and more
integrated, providing user benefits.
It is true there are those who prefer some other module (Eudora or Claris
e-mailer; Newswatcher) either out of habit or desire. To accommodate them
Netscape has unbundled the browser. But that's simply an accomodation to a
sub-market of relatively sophisticated users and not a mainstrem strategy.
Remember that Netscape is used by about 25 million out there (give or take),
and most of them haven't the time, patience or expertise to manage several
non-integrated modules. They want another of the Mac's basic philosophical
principles (regardless of OS platform)--plug and play. Here, too, Microsoft is
just beginnning to catch up but that's the clear direction they're going in.
Anyone who has been exposed to industrial espionage knows that one needs such
features in a corporate environment, not only for micro-disaster recovery but
also for investigatory purposes.
Not in any real company where much daily design, negotiation, and dynamic
interaction exists only in e-mail until things are finalized by the attorneys
or a design review board.
And if Alice is a contract negotiator doing it via e-mail? There are many
other examples where your assertions break down.
A better example would be a money management program with a tax module. They
are linked and one's money management strategies have tax consequences and
vice-versa. You can always find inappropriate examples where little synergy
exists, but there are plenty of examples where strong synergy DOES exist. See
also my examples above.
You are trying to refute a valid argument by labelling. The issue isn't labels
such as "disaster recovery program" but functionality and synergy. You can
always create distinctions that would try to make your case, but you do so
only by ignoring other, important distinctions.
I think this is enough to deal with the fundamental issue, so I'm going to
pass on the rest of the side-issues such as "What if Alice forgets her key."
The main issues dominate such side issues.

@_date: 1997-10-27 10:16:08
@_author: David Sternlight 
@_subject: Re: Orthogonality and Disaster Recovery 
Not at all. See below. You give yourself away by starting out this way.
If the client's e-mail is to be secure, yes. But let's be accurate here. Phil
is not, nor has he ever been a cryptologist. He's a programmer who learned a
few things about crypto algorithms and copied existing work. His unique
contribution, if there was a technical one, was in key management. I haven't
studied enough cryptology to know if "web of trust" was copied too.
Now that IS nonsensical because cryptology is a wide and deep art only a small
part of which has to do with mail applications themselves. In contrast, mail
applications to be secure must use encryption. There's some very muddy
thinking going on in your post.
Except for the occasional password protection, databases don't need encryption
to the extent e-mail does.
You miss the point here. And you miss the many worked examples. RSA is selling
lots and lots of toolkits for lots and lots of money for in-line integration
into applications, not for pre- and post-processing. The former is the way to
go; the latter a kludge until something better comes along.
You are losing it. First of all I doubt very much that Phil could do this. If
you look at the development time and staffing for good e-mail applications,
this is simply beyond his capabilites and he's never claimed otherwise. Second
of all, it's clear that you've not checked out the current Communicator mail
module if you call it a "piece of crap". You simply don't know what you're
talking about. Same for Internet Explorer, whose mail module has gotten rave
reviews and the best mail program yet and caused reviewers to switch from
Eudora. It, too has integrated crypto.
