
@_date: 1997-09-12 13:18:03
@_author: David H Dennis 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
I must admit that I didn't think much about crypto until this came up.
You know, I think there are a couple of types of Libertarians. Type one says that government doesn't do anything right, because
collectively they are incompetent, in the same way many people in big
companies make bad decisions.  Government is like the biggest company
in the nation, with no profit pressure to restrain bureaucracy.  In
addition, government is a way to try and reconcile opposing views, and
so we rarely get a "pure" version of anything - in fact, we often get
contradictory results, such as tobacco subsidies colliding with
tobacco restrictions.  Because of this, smaller government is better -
solve the tobacco problem by enacting /neither/ subsidies nor
restrictions, and save a whole pile of money and effort.
Type two says that government doesn't do anything right because of
actual malicious actions within government - that government is
a conspiracy between fat cat businessmen and nasty spooks, and
that they very often, quite deliberately do the wrong thing.
I've traditionally been a Type One libertarian, but I think you can
only explain the current crypto efforts with Type Two.
I must confess that I'm wondering what Seth Finkelstein, Pro-Government
Warrior, able to jump over 50 Libertarians in a single bound, thinks of
all this.  Crypto restrictions are natural to oppose in a Libertarian
world, due to our fundemental distrust of government.  Where do they
fit in a Liberal one?

@_date: 1997-09-13 01:15:49
@_author: David H Dennis 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
It was meant to be amusing, not insulting; I apologise to you for it.
No question about this.
I appreciated your lesson; it was lucid and well written.  Of course the
end result in my mind is to put "Don't trust government" in boldface italic
letters about fifty points high.

@_date: 1997-12-01 14:10:31
@_author: David H Dennis 
@_subject: Re: "Faulty Filters" report; anti-rating free speech alliance 
Okay, I had to try this one out for myself, and I had a perfect search
term, one I had used before with some success:  megayacht .  A megayacht
is a boat over roughly 100 feet in length, generally costing several
million dollars.  I remember dimly a fascination with things big and
powerful in my childhood, so I figured it would be an excellent search
term - especially since following a search for these terms produced
absolutely no offensive material whatsoever (*).  It turns out that,
for some reason, people who talk about megayachts don't seem frightfully
sex-mad (at least while talking about megayachts), and few could find
any offensive material in descriptions of super-rugged hatches, doors
and shore power converters.
Here's a typical page I found in AltaVista but not Net Shepherd:
(WARNING: If you find a charter rate of $ 85,000 plus a week offensive,
DO NOT under any circumstances click on the link!)
An admittedly cursory view of the results of the search from Net Shepherd
shows the reason for this little problem:  Each response was apparently
indiviually rated by Net Shepherd's staff.
Have they ever heard of sysiphus?  (And can I spell him?)
(*) I suppose some people would say that a megayacht is evidence of
obscene wealth.  In that case, though, Net Shephard should have censored
all occurances of the word, which it did not do.
