
@_date: 1995-01-17 22:06:49
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Anonymous corporations (a work in progress...) 
0. Introduction
It's been a lucrative month, ecash-wise, what with consulting for some anonymous Mafia don, selling those kiddieporn mpegs and killing that guy who cut Tim May off in the parking lot at the mall. So lucrative, in fact, you don't want those digidollars just sitting around on your hard drive -- you want them to be earning you something.
The answer, of course, is to invest them in an anonymous corporation.
1. The structure of anonymous corporations
1.1 Outline
An anonymous corporation provides an intersection between the real [a term used throughout purely in order to deconstruct it] and digital worlds, a point of contact between the e-economy and the real one.
The corporation itself is known: a genuine Delaware/Bahamas/Cayman Islands etc corporation, able to own property, to make contracts, to sue (and be sued) in the courts and with all the normal rights (and liabilities) of the (corporate) citizen.
But the (controlling) investors in the corporation (basically, the stockholders) are anonymous. The investment comes in from the stockholders in the form of ecash, and is transformed by the company into real money and Because the investors are anonymous and (assuming) the ecash is untraceable, truly anonymous control of real assets can be exercised.
1.2 Legal structure
The structure has two parts: a corporation and a trustee.
The corporation is just a normal corporation with directors typically supplied by the trustee company that administers the corporation. [Note: the trustee company will need assurance that its fees will be paid, and that its directors are sufficiently indemnified. See below for discussion on whether this is possible under an anonymous structure.] The corporation issues shares to the trustee.
The trustee (typically a trustee company - but a different one to that administering the company) holds the shares on trust for the anonymous beneficiaries. A beneficiary is defined as a person who, for the time being, holds an eshare in the trust. Each eshare gives the holder the right to direct the trustee on how to vote one of the trustee's shares, the right to receive the dividend income of one of the trustee's shares, the right to receive any distribution due to one of the trustee's shares (eg on the dissolution of the corporation), and the right to participate in the enforcement of duties owed to stockholders. That is, each eshare in the trust mirrors a share in the corporation.
The two part structure isolates the anonymity from the vagaries of corporate law: the register of stockholders of the company will truthfully show the Completely Legitimate Perpetual Trustee Company, Inc (or whatever). It also deals with the classic corporate agency problem (the separation of ownership and control) by allowing the anonymous e-stockholders to enforce their rights against (ie sue) the corporation or its management without breaking cover -- the trustee is bound by its deed to take the necessary action at the (reasonable) behest of the anonymous e-stockholders.
The agency situation is not ideal. Particularly with regard to ensuring that the *trustee* performs (including the possibility of collusion between directors and trustee), matters of reputation (including the possibility that an e-stockholder is a competitor or a testing agency) will be relevant. (And, of course, there is the possibility that one or more of the e-stockholders is in turn an anonymous corporation, with full rights to sue, and no problem with being unmasked.)
Agency problems can be minimised by restricting the operations of the corporation. Where the corporation merely holds units in a mutual fund, or a piece of real estate, or perhaps even shares in another corporation, the directors duties will be minimal -- the corporation acting as a conduit only. When the anonymous corporation is undertaking a real business, when management has to be hands on and day to day (ie when there is a greater disparity of information between management and owners) the chances of default by management is probably much greater. Structures could be developed to manage this risk.
Note that the anonymous corporation can have any number of e-stockholders, from one upwards.
1.3 Technical requirements
The establishment of an anonymous corporation has a number of cryptographic a) The ready availability of untraceable ecash able to be transformed into real money. This could involve a scheme whereby the ebank was unable to know which edollars had been issued to which customer, followed by anonymous transfer of edollars (ie the bank doesn't know the identity of the transferor or the transferee). That is, some flavor of Chaumian system where double spending is eliminated by on-line settlement of transfers. The ebank would redeem ecash for real dollars. [This, of course, is more of a systemic than a cryptographic requirement.]
b) A method for the anonymous issue/subscription of eshares.
c) A method for the anonymous transfer of eshares (with protections against 'double spending'). These two requirements are essentially a variation on the ecash scheme above.
d) A method for secondary market purchasers of eshares to verify which company the eshare belongs to.
e) A method for the holders of eshares to vote anonymously.
f) A method for distributing dividends etc to e-stockholders. Perhaps the trustee publicly posts an encrypted message. Each eshare acts as a key to decrypt one part of the message, revealing ecash (or, in the case of a bonus issue of stock, or a stock split, or even a merger, eshares etc). If an e-stockholder has more than one share, they will be able to decrypt more than one part (ie each part of the message corresponds to one eshare).
In the case of a widely held corporation, information (accounts, voting forms etc) can be distributed publicly. In the case of closely held corporations (where stockholders are more intimately concerned with management) sensitive information could be encrypted for each e-stockholder.
In order to provide maximum flexibility, an anonymous corporation should be able to issue many millions of eshares. Similarly, an e-stockholder should ideally be able to hold many millions of eshares.
2. Implications
2.1 Implications for the structure
The key (no pun intended) feature of anonymous corporations is, of course, that the stockholders (in the beneficial/equitable sense, ie the e-stockholders) are not known, and cannot be sued. In so far as corporations generally provide limited liability to stockholders anyway, this is not too radical a change (and may deflect some criticism). However, it does have some repercussions.
a) The anonymity of stockholders will deter creditors.
One of the protections that creditors of a corporation have is that if the corporation is unable to pay them, but it has made a payment to the stockholders, the creditors can recover the money paid to the stockholders as a fraudulent conveyance (or similar). With an anonymous corporation, once a payment has been made to stockholders, it is unrecoverable.
In order to encourage lenders to extend credit, the corporation could offer to secure the loan (with traceable property [ie if the corporation doesn't pay, and deals with the property, the lender can find the property, take it, and sell it to cover the unpaid debt], or by pledge [the corporation leaves the property with the lender, so if the debt isn't paid the lender can sell the property without having to trace it first]). Alternatively, the income stream of the company could be encumbered in such a way that creditors had to be paid out before stockholders. In general, many of the techniques of project financing will be relevant to attracting debt finance.
Trade creditors, especially the directors and the trustee, will also require comfort that their bills will be paid and any liability covered. Some combination of up front payments, insurance and recourse to the assets of the corporation may be enough.
b) The anonymity of stockholders will affect other stockholders
Stockholders sometimes owe duties to other stockholders. In so far as these duties extend to e-stockholders (who hold the equitable, but not the legal title to the shares) they will be effectively unenforceable [except for the possibility of injunctive relief...]. Thus majorities may have more freedom in dealing with minorities [in some situations], possibly leading to a higher premium for control, and insider trading will be undetectable, leading to a more accurate market price for the e-stock (and all other stock).
c) The anonymity of shareholders may be prejudicial
A number of regulatory tests depend upon the identity of (beneficial) shareholders, for example tests of foreign control in investment and tax laws. Anonymous companies may find that the onus is on them to prove that they do not fall into an undesirable category. This will, typically, be d) The complexity of the structure has a significant cost
As compared with directly owning an asset, owning an asset via an anonymous corporation is incredibly costly. There are two layers of fees (to directors and to the trustee) and possibly even two layers of tax (at corporation and trust levels) to pay on any income, quite apart from the set up costs and the administration of the technical/cryptographic structure. Then there is the cost in time and effort of monitoring the structure to see that nothing is going wrong (the agency cost). And, of course, e-shares are also likely to be significantly less liquid than ecash or the assets held by the And the risk of holding assets via such a structure (default by directors or trustee, discovery by traffic analysis, government confiscation of all anonymous corporations) must be weighed against the risk/return involved in, on the one hand, transforming the ecash into real cash oneself, and, on the other, burying a [heavily encrypted] floppy disk in a coffee tin in the back 2.2 Implications for the e-economy
a) Eregistries
Some elements of the anonymous corporation could be shared across instances, such as directors, trustee and technical/cryptographic structure. This would help to reduce costs (including set-up costs) somewhat. And by separating the cypherpunkish element (crypto-struct) from the more general, and already existing, elements (ie trust companies), it may assist in selling the idea to those pre-existing elements and the investing public [private?].
In other words, just as some corporations use outside services to administer their share registers, eregistries would handle the mechanics of eshares. Eregistries would make the investment in equipment and bandwidth, and charge the issuers of eshares (the trustee) a fee for handling the issue, the online settlement of transfers, the distribution of dividends etc. Not only does this spread the cost of equipment among corporations, but, if standard service packages are offered by the eregistries, greatly simplifies the drafting of trust deeds [there is only a need to refer to "the services of Cypherpunk eRegistry No1 BV", rather than scary maths].
Such eregistries would need a reputation for reliability, honesty and (perhaps) regulatory inaccessibility. [They might also provide an extra layer of anonymity, acting as a sort of mixer for transactions -- was that message a subscription to that corporation, a transfer of an eshare in this one, or a vote on some matter for the other?] And they need not, of course, be limited to eshares -- eregistries could provide clearing for edebt and ecash.
b) Secured lending -- extending credit to anonyms
Because eshares represent something real, they have real value. A creditor, therefore, should be prepared to lend emoney even to a digital pseudonym on the security of a pledge of eshares [ie eshares transferred to lender on condition that they be transferred back on repayment of loan]. (Another way of leveraging the value of your eportfolio is simply to have your anonymous corporation borrow the money: capitalise up a corporation, have the corporation buy an asset, and have the corporation borrow real money secured on that asset -- the corporation can spend the money or pay it to the e-stockholder (you) as a dividend...)
Enabling anonymous credit unlocks more of the value of ecash.
c) Why not edebt -- ecash by another name
As you will have noticed, I have made certain assumptions about how ecash works [although these assumptions are probably not necessary for the functioning of anonymous corporations]. It is time to make those assumptions more explicit.
I see a system whereby the average person buys ecash over the net (or even off the street), say using their credit card. In return for a (cleared) payment the ebank issues a bucket-o-bits, representing that cash (minus a fee?). The ebank (via its eregistry) does not know which digital-dollars go to which non-anonymous customer. Transfers of ecash take place anonymously on line (old buckets revoked, new buckets issued).
What gives the ecash value is the ebank's promise to turn each edollar into a real dollar (minus a fee?) when presented for payment. This promise is made credible by the ebank's credit rating -- either because it is a bank/financial institution itself, or because it invests the original payments in some very secure instrument (eg t-bills).
Ecash, in other words, is just an AA(A) rated no interest debt security issued at face value. [Of course corporations, anonymous and otherwise, could issue other types of edebt -- zero coupon, interest bearing, even convertible into eshares...]
This, unfortunately, raises expensive regulatory hurdles for ebanks. Offers of securities to the public of the US (whether by a domestic or foreign ebank) would seem to require compliance with the Securities Act 1933, the Securities Exchange Act 1934, the various requirements of the SEC, and probably state investment laws. As well as the costs of mandated ongoing disclosure, and the setup costs of such a scheme (accountants, investment banks, Wall St lawyers), there are the problems of having to appoint a US indenture trustee (yet another body to convince of the merits of the scheme...) and produce an SEC approved prospectus (anyone for wading through 300 Web pages?).
But, of course, these hurdles must be overcome (or bypassed, or even, perhaps, simply ignored) for an anonymous e-economy that is fully integrated into the real economy to develop.
Quite apart from the regulations, ebanks structured in this way must face certain facts of economic life. A stand-alone ebank (ie one which is not already a bank or other financial institution) will face not only regulatory costs and technical costs (eg eregistries) but also the cost of dealing with the real financial system -- it will cost money to get money from investors (transfer from their account to yours), and to return money to investors (transfer from your account to theirs). To offset these costs, ebanks will receive interest income and fee income.
The interest income will be minimal. By definition the assets of the bank will be low risk, and therefore low return. It is also likely that the bulk of the ecash will be outstanding for a relatively short time (see the mpeg you want, buy the ecash, buy the mpeg; the seller receives the ecash and converts it, or invests it in an anonymous corporation who converts it), perhaps only overnight.
And fees will discourage the use of ecash. The higher the fees, the less the prospect of anonymity will appeal to the person on the street (or is that the person on the information superhighway?). A certain amount of legitimate use would do wonders to smooth the path of the crypteconomy. It is just too easy to ban (or anathematise) the whole system if *every* edollar comes from the four horsemen of the cryptocalypse.
2.3 Implications for the real economy
a) Response of regulatory authorities
The wholesale interpenetration of the real and digital economies that anonymous corporations (and similar structures) allow provides a mechanism whereby the ability of  the state to control individuals is lessened. As edollars control real assets, edollars too become real, and the anonymous e-economy and the real economy merge. [Or, perhaps, since the real economy will be bigger than the e-economy, the former *absorbs* the latter.] And once this merger has taken place, it will be too late for the state to act.
The state then, will tend to fear loss of control, and, as a distinct subset of that, loss of revenue through wholesale tax avoidance.
The tax problem is probably the easiest to solve. Instead of taxing the recipients of income, the sources of that income can be taxed (eg withholding taxes on dividends and e-dividends), and the ultimate expenditure of that income can be taxed (consumption taxes). This may seem like a big change, but in the history of taxation (which is just the history of bullying) a universal income tax is very recent. And the change is, after all, just one of emphasis.
The general response of the state (egged on by the establishment) to the prospect of waning control has been discussed at length by this group, as has the difficulty of operating in the financial products marketplace. I merely mention the possibility that the SEC will refuse any scheme that seeks to issue readily convertible anonymous securities, on the grounds that it will make the detection of securities offences (such as insider trading and stock parking and a million other technical evils) too difficult.
3 Where to from here?
Cypherpunks write code. It would be nice to develop the bank-in-a-box that led to a thousand guerilla ebanks springing up around the world (like so many points of light in a presidential speech). It may not be that easy.
But the legal and financial systems are still systems, and they can be hacked (although they tend to fight back -- forensic black ice...). Demonstrate the structures that make ecash a useful tool for solving real world problems (like having to pay tax, or signalling one's moves to the market), and the crypto-meme could spread to the arch-hackers of Wall St.
And evolving a modest ebank/anon-corp structure ('International Postage, Inc'?) might be a way to sneak under the wire of the regulators: no need to look too hard at some hobby project of a bunch of propellor heads, after all. Some home cooked legal documents, a bit of form filling and Hey Presto

@_date: 1995-01-20 13:22:09
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Little ebanks -- a modest proposal. 
[Executive Summary -- The author proposes a system of stamps for remailers
as a way of starting up an ecash system. The stamps would be sold to the public as stamps, but be convertible by remailer operators into real money.]
Many thanks for your comments. I'll try to make this less legalistically
Despite the difficulties, I think anon corps are possible - and legal.
What I was trying to stress is that they are expensive and inefficient: so
you have to be really sure you want anonymity if you are going to use one.
The hurdles to ecash seem more formidable. The problem with moving off
shore and ignoring the SEC, for instance, is that your scheme loses some
credibility. Since the value of ecash is (in the short term, at least)
going to be based on the possibility of converting it into real cash (just
as the value of real cash is based on the possibility of converting it into
real things), a structure that operates outside the law makes that value
doubtful. A large-scale rollout of ecash for the average Netscape user (and
the people that service them) is going to need all the legitimacy it can
Perhaps, though, we can start small, and allow the forces of nature (greed,
envy and, with a bit of luck, sloth) to take their course and scale a small
scheme into a thriving e-economy.
What I have in mind is a service that provides estamps (you knew there had
to be an 'e' in there somewhere, didn't you) for use with remailers. Jo
Anonymous buys stamps, sticks them on her messages, and the anon-remailers
collect them. The remailer ops then get to cash the stamps in for actual
money, so they can pay their ISPs and lawyers.
At the heart of the scheme is a genuine (micro) ebank [a uebank?]. But, to
avoid problems with offering securities to the public (and the SEC hassles
etc), the ebank only sells estamps (little bits of ecash) to estamp-
vendors. The estamp-vendors sell the stamps (with a mark-up?) to the public.
[Perhaps using this new Netscape/Mastercard tie-in.] Because the estamp-
vendors are only selling stamps (you can tell by the beautiful stamp-like
gif-icons the vendor's Web page uses...) the SEC doesn't become involved.
[I'm relying on the fact that the numbers involved are really small, and
that the estamps *are* being sold for the purposes of postage. Perhaps the ebank and the vendor should be based off shore...]
This scheme breaks the credibility issue into two -- a large number of
people (anonymous remailer users) have to be convinced of something
relatively trivial (that the remialer will accept the stamps); a small
number of people (anonymous remailer operators) have to be convinced of
something relatively important (that the stamps are exchangeable for cash).
If the remailer operators are sufficiently involved in the scheme, this
should work.
One type of scalability comes when EITHER
A. Someone sets up as a Data Haven token vendor (the tokens being bought
from the ebank as slightly larger bits of ecash), and data haven operators
start to accept the Tokens, in the knowledge they can swap them for real
B. Data Haven operators start to accept estamps for their services, because
they can swap them for cash;
OR both.
[The first scenario obviously disguises the appearance of ecash as a medium
of exchange for a bit longer.]
Another type of scalability comes when other people start uebanks, which
then issue their own estamps/tokens/ecash to estamp/token vendors. If the new uebanks are as (provably) secure as the original(s), the uebanks could
agree to clear each others' ecash and settle up at the end of the day (or
some global equivalent - eg 12am GMT) using some kind of netting system.
As long as everyone played nice at the beginning (all the remailer operators
declared their estamp income etc ;-) the uebanks could go legit: and by backing their submissions to regulators with a proven record of service
(no need to stress that the remailers were *anonymous*), by wearing Al Gore
t-shirts and garbling about the I-way and electronic town halls, and by not
letting Tim May and his contract killers near the place, it might just work.
On the other hand, if the system is working well enough, there may be no
need to go legit. (Although if I was an ebank operator I would be wary about
entering into netting arrangements with an ebank the SEC etc could close
down). [But is netting needed with online clearing? Perhaps this would
only be useful across currencies...] With the ebanks in appropriate jurisdictions, operating in grey rather than obviously black areas (it
is not so much that this stuff is being offered to the public as that the
public is going out to *find* this stuff), with a proven track record in ponying up the cash, and with the approval of really cool people who get on the cover of Wired, Robin Public may not *need* any more assurance to par-
ticipate in the e-economy.
What R.P. *will* need is products. Most of the attempts at net-commerce I've
seen concentrate on offering things that can be delivered to people, either
physically (so that the Compuserve Electronic Mall is basically a mail order
catalogue) or electronically (hence the rather sketchy descriptions of anonymous markets, usually falling back on the idea that, because this is
the Information Age, consulting is the root of all value...), to be consumed
now (this tin of coffee, that movie-on-demand, the other set of nanotech
But of course a lot of people (not, unfortunately, myself :-) have
significant amounts of property that they do not consume right away. The
possibility of anonymous investment (through eg anon corps) offers huge scope for the development of the e-economy. [I'll mention one statistic -- according to tax haven experts (Ginsberg, Spitz), in 1989 50% of all money
processed internationally goes through tax havens.] After all, a capitalist
economy (even an anarcho-capitalist economy) is built by capitalists, not
wage slaves.
More later (unless you plead real hard...)

@_date: 1995-01-20 18:25:38
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney?  Why not a web of debt? 
The question of how to value ecash issued by different entities of varied
credit-worthiness is an interesting one. I had been thinking along the lines
of one or more centralised (but independent) credit rating agencies (a la
Standard and Poors or Moodys) that one would subscribe to. Then you would
value the various edollars in terms of their credit rating -- so you might
sell something for $4 of CyberCash (NA) BV ecash, or $5 of FliBiNite NL ecash and so on.
But of course, since ecash is worth only what you can get for it, the web of
trust model, since it reflects what people will give for it, seems to
reflect that underlying value much better.
The best way to underpin the value of ecash is for the issuer to (credibly)
undertake to convert it into real money. This gets around the problem of no one on the net making enough things you want: the old 'you can't eat
cyberspace' saw. McDonalds may not accept ecash, but if a simple trip to the
relevant ebank's Web page can put the price of a Big Mac in your real-money
account, that is only a timing problem.
[Of course, you have to come out from behind the anonymous ecash shield to do that, but that is a problem of being a real person. If you want to keep
your wealth anonymous, don't buy a flash car and the latest Monet to go
on sale -- invest it in an anonymous corporation.]
An ebank along these lines could be set up reasonably cheaply (apart from
the technical hurdles ;-), and could easily scale up as needed, and migrate
to safer (taxhaven/banking secrecy) jurisdictions when turnover etc
warranted it.

@_date: 1995-01-21 18:05:54
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney?  Why not a web of debt? 
But this, I suggest, is thinking too small, as well as (or, as a consequence)
compromising anonymity somewhat. Which is not to say a central ebank is
necessary -- just that (legally enforceable, audited) IOUs from a corporation
that I knew could pay (because it makes it's living from being able to pay)
would be preferred by me, even if I (my computer) knew that Alice's IOU is
backed by Bob's which is backed by ... Zane's, who I would trust with my
life (since he saved me in a boating accident 7 years ago...).
Of course, the two systems can/should coexist. In fact, they're probably the
same thing at different granularities. An ordinary bank takes deposits
(issues IOU's to depositors) and lends the money out (collects IOU's from
debtors). [The flow of credit is just the flow of debt backwards -- like
current and electrons :-)] People trust bank IOUs because of the portfolio
of IOUs it has collected (a certain mandated number from the Government, a certain proportion backed by property etc), and, probably, because it
has received more IOUs than it has issued (so that the IOUs from Donald
Trump and Orange County don't bring the system down...).
On this analysis, the web of debt-trust is just an ultimately distributed
bank. Instead of the bank collecting the ten dollars everyone is good for
(in return for IOUs) and then lending it back out to the system (in return
for IOUs), everyone's individual IOU underpins the system. This seems to
leave the portfolio problem to the distributedness and interlinkicity of the e-economy (everyone essentially holds the market portfolio), or up to
the individual to balance. Personally, I would be unhappy to hold my
e-wealth in such a way that it was ultimately underpinned by the IOUs of a
group of people living in California...
I don't think the banking laws are such a big problem. [Feel free to enlighten me.] The ordinary business of banking involves borrowing money
from people in a special way (deposits) and lending to people, again in
a characteristic way. But it is not simply borrowing and lending -- every
business does that (borrows from banks, and, increasingly, in markets;
lends (extends credit to) customers).
Imagine a corporation that issued bearer bonds, and invested the proceeds
in t-bills (or term deposits, or call accounts). Imagine that the bonds (IOUs) were issued at face value, carried no interest, and could be cashed
in by the holder at any time. Imagine further that the bonds were repres-
ented by bytes, and transferable anonymously. That is, the bonds are ecash, and the corporation is an ebank.
But it is not a bank-bank. It is not borrowing money in a characteris-
tically bankish way, and it is not lending the money in a characteris-
tically bankish way. It doesn't raise the regulatory/consumer protection/
handholding or multiplier effect/credit expansion problems that
(supposedly) underlie banking supervision regulations. In short, ladies
and gentlemen, it is my submission that it is not, in fact, in the final
analysis, when looked at from all angles in the correct way, at all, a
[Although this doesn't entirely answer your point. I don't think the distributed/web of debt-trust system would be a bank, either, although
it might be a credit union. And you would have to pay tax on all those IOUs you collected ;-) ]

@_date: 1995-01-21 18:27:01
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Supreme Court, free speech, anon remailers... 
I too was concerned by the strong dissent in the anonymous handbill case
posted to the net, largely because I live in a country where we have
inherited the odious British practice of requiring newspapers and other
published material (such as handbills) to carry the name of the printer
and the sponsoring organisation (or sumpin' like that...). Its contemporary
significance is supposed to be as a control for defamation (yes, we still
have strong defamation laws -- good thing too, IMHO, and something cryto/
anonymity may or may not render moot): which is to say turning every
publisher and printer into a censor. [Even more bizarrely, the law requires
newspaper proprietors and editors to swear certain documents and deliver
them to the High Court every year...]
Of course, I have never heard of this particular piece of legislation being
invoked to prosecute someone who hasn't complied, and I've never heard of anyone complying. Nevertheless, it is on the books.
It seems to me that it would only take a minor amendment to the US law on
the identification of periodicals that are posted (notice the colophons [?]
in all those newspapers and magazines) to apply to all publications...
A couple of extra words in the definition section and away we go. (It's not
a freedom of speech issue, it's an environmental issue -- all those
handbills cluttering up the landfills... And it would only be fair to treat
the denizens of the information superhypeway equally...).
Things ain't half as safe as you might think.

@_date: 1995-01-21 18:29:39
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: AA + Anonymous ECash = Unhappy Fundies 
This may be what you are referring to, but there was a thread on alt.cp a
while back on introducing cyberspace to the people, and one of the suggest-
ions was a Web page to sell Girl Scout cookies.
Now if we could use anon-remailers and ecash to 'enhance' that idea, just
think of the mainstream publicity...

@_date: 1995-09-01 15:46:04
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: A problem with anonymity 
Tim May said in article :
.. I've often thought that in a system of digital pseudonyms, where no-one need
trade with a negative reputation (a reputation deficit?), something like
Akerlof's Market for Lemons will arise, and _all_ pseudonyms will be treated
as (reputationally) worthless.
[Akerlof, if I remember my economics right (and I am confident that I will
be corrected if I don't) analysed a market for used cars. There were two
types of cars: good ones, and lemons. A purchaser couldn't tell the difference
until she had bought the car. Since the expected value of a used car was less
than the value of a good car, purchasers wouldn't pay the good car price.
But that would mean owners of good cars wouldn't offer them for sale (in
this market). So the only cars for sale would be lemons :-)]
As Tim points out, this is a non-crypto problem as well, and devices such as
bonds or (which are game-theoretically similar) expensive advertising or
plush premises [if they spent an unrefundable $20million on the Rolling
Stones, they're not likely to throw it all away by ripping you off for
$100 ;-)] are used to convince potential customers of one's bona fides.
How these transfer to the world of cyber-finance, I'm not sure, but I suspect
it leaves a role for True Names in the management of credit risk: as escrow
agents, middlemen, clearing houses etc. [Although, having said that, if the
Akerlof analysis applies, you just *can't* grant (unsecured) credit to
pseudonyms - the percentage of defaulters will be 100...] But these Names are
True only in the sense that they are juridically persistent (that is, if
they transact today, they can be sued tomorrow), and need not be traceable
to any True People (Warm Bodies?) - anonymously held corporations, for
If you can't rely on the unsecured promise of a digital pseudonym, and you
can't accept reputation as 'security', how do you extend credit?

@_date: 1995-09-01 23:40:55
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: A problem with anonymity 
True. But it does make the point that, in a perhaps surprising way, the
bad can drive out the good. [I certainly don't want to get into any kind
of normative v. postive methodological debate.] The lesson is not that
"You can never find a decent used car", but that, in a market with particular
characterisics (particularly with regard to what information is available
to whom), lemons drive out the good. This just means that owners of good
used cars offer them for sale in a market where pre-purchase checks are
possible, etc..
But this is to concentrate on the example, not on the substance...
I guess I was using True Name somewhat unusually. I didn't mean "True Name=
state approved unique identifier of a human being" so much as "True Name<>
easily discardable/transferrable/sellable digital pseudonym". I certainly did not mean to imply that net.commerce is impossible, or that
it would only take place on the basis of True Names, however defined. Rather
I was commenting that one pervasive feature of non-net.commerce is the
ability to track down someone that owes you something and sue them/beat it
out of them. You can't do this to a digital pseudonym. As you rightly
pointed out, you can't do this to someone who escapes to South America,
or to the guy who runs the market stall that won't be there tomorrow. So you take a bond, or you take your chances. I still think that, because of
the (perfect) ease with which net.rep's are transferrable/cash-in-able,
the chances you take in the digital domain are so much higher as to be
(almost?) qualatatively different.
This would, of course, allow PrOduct Cypher (for example) to cash in on hir
rep. [Hir - never thought I'd see myself use it: ughhhhhhh ]. But,
unlike the unscrupulous stall owner, who would have to sell the gold watch
before he decamped, PC could sell hir rep before the rip-off had been done.
This would be a sort of division of labour - rep-builders and rep-exploiters.
In cybersapce, you could never tell whether you were dealing with the rep
builder (buying a good car) or a rep exploiter (buying a lemon).
Yes the rep-exploitation would be a one-shot thing. Within seconds of the
sting PC's name would be mud. [And, yes, you could probably tell whether
it was one of those two you were dealing with - if it asked for credit, it
wouldn't be 'corn or 'pher :-)]
But it is the _possibility_ of the scam that would shape the market.
By the way, my final question was not rhetorical. I _do_ think methods of
extending credit to pseudonyms will be developed. I just think they will
be based on (possibly new) types of security interest. An old type of security interest (perhaps the oldest) could be used right away - the pledge.
If Bob Pseudonymous pledges $100 worth of digital certificates, I would be
glad to lend him $100 (well, perhaps $80 - gotta secure the interest:-)
Cryptography might develop other ways of protecting the interests of
creditors, while preserving the anonymity of debtors. In fact, I'm certain
it will. And I'm just as sure the law/mercantile practice will assist in
the process.
And like you, I believe it is not only possible, but preferable, that this
is done without the interevention/'assistance' of the state.

@_date: 1996-01-11 01:32:38
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Some questions about ecash[tm] 
Some questions that I send into the ether in the
knowledge, or hope, that the great and the good
are listening, and will enlighten me...
(Since this exercise strikes even me as incredibly
presumptious, feel free to ignore this. [It takes
less energy than flaming. If you must flame, do
it in private email - I'll post a summary to the
list :-)])
1. Has there been any significant/in-depth coverage
of the Mark Twain Banks product in the financial/
banking press? Digicash's press file stops just
before the launch, and Digicash/Mark Twain Banks
press releases are not exactly what I'm looking for.
2. In the Digicash ecash tutorial (also referenced
from MT's website) the example is given of Alice
sending ecash to Cindy (Candy, Clarissa?). Cindy's
bank checks with Alice's bank before crediting
Cindy's wallet with the $5.00 sent.
In MT's FAQ, they refer, somewhat wistfully, to
a future where the ecash systems of different
banks may be able to interoperate.
How difficult would such interoperation be? Is this
something that is inherent/built into the Digicash
supplied bank system? Or would it require significant
changes to the way things are done?
Similarly, since the software supplied by Digicash
to MT customers seems somewhat MT specific, how
easy would it be for future ecash issuers to piggy
back on MT's customer base? How about merchants?
3. The MT ecash[tm] project is repeatedly referred
to as an experiment, a system in beta phase. Any
word on when the experiment will be over, or what
it is trying to prove/discover?
The thrust of these questions, of course, is How
easy will it be for the next eBank? And the one
after that? Is Digicash ready for the move to
multiple issuers? Does it have the resources to
assist another institution to launch ecash this
year? This month? One a month for the year?
Whatever. Too many questions that cannot possibly
be answered, even if there were answers to give...
