
@_date: 1997-04-25 20:02:03
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: CEI tells the Federal Trade Commission to be wary of regulation 
I've just read through this thing.  What a load of crap.  The libertarian bent shows through, assuming that businesses have a right to consumer information and denying that is sacrilege.  I'll just do a quick red penning of the thing:
Libertarians aren't a party?
Of course there are competing values at stake.  Usually, it's your "right to make a buck" vs. my "right to be let alone".  I don't think corporations have a "right to make a buck".
In other words, if consumers have any say in the reselling of their names and information, it threatens business's "rights".  Exactly what contract did I sign when I posted to alt.beavis.and.butthead and received ads about ab rollers and make-money-fast?
Corporations good, government bad.
Oh no!  Business may lose a percentage of their bottom line! Scream! Run away!
Sigh.  I wasn't aware there was a constitutional right to make money in a certain fashion.  There IS an [interpreted] constitutional right to privacy.
Quite frankly, there's a godawful amount of content out there now, being delivered for at a loss, or break even, or a slight profit.
I fail to see the business "right" to turn the net into an advertising medium, which so compels this whole statement.
Aren't cookies enough?  geeez.
A flat-out lie.  Advertising pays no costs of my using the net, and a very small percentage of the web sites I visit are What they mean to say is, "If you make targetted advertising harder, we'll have to rely on less-well-targetted advertising, and businesses may make less money off the net."
Which corporations support this, uh, "think-tank" again?
There's actually a variety of simple formulas relating how much advertising is required to make a movie a hit, for example.  Publicize an incredibly lousy movie sufficiently, and it will turn a profit.  For them to deny that advertising has any power over consumers (not people in this corporate-viewpoint paper; only consumers) is to deny reality.
That's real funny.  You're right, I'm being done a valuable service for my own good when I get spam email for ab rollers.
Marc Rotenberg already got this one, so I'll forbear.  Not only do they have the facts wrong, they turn it into an example of "business good, government bad" when it's really an example of "business seeking profit runs up against consumers who've had enough".
Yeah, and if you ask a pro-business think-tank, their lies will be slanted this way.....
Unless you count that whole Bill of Rights thing, of course.
They must be referring to other countries here.
Like ab rollers.
Some people may not mind be gunned down on the street.  Eliminate the penalties for murder because some people might like it.
I go out on the street to communicate in public too, but that doesn't give you the right to phone me 20 times a day selling ab rollers.
Sounds good to me.  Does my walking down the street give blanket permission for anyone who sees me to call me up and pitch ab rollers?
Does my posting to Usenet give blanket permission for anyone who egreps the news disk to mail me and pitch ab rollers?
Oh, they could.  But without any governmental regulation, I think you know which end of the spectrum it will settle at.
Wired's site sends out what, 12 or 15 different cookies?
Those slow-loading sites in the future won't be because of the content, it will be because of the tracking they're doing.
No, not really.  "...is made more efficient by...", sure, but depends?  No.
Pay to avoid ads!
Oh, surprised, no.  Annoyed when their "collections" endanger the usability of my email, and cost me substantial time, yes.
Consumers have no rights.  Businesses have rights.  Remember this.
Where's my coupon for posting to Usenet?
  ^^^^^^
Substitute "idiots".  I never fill out any of that crap.
Sure, buddy.  Like my subscription to Scientific American, which has resulted in my being sent direct mail for tons of shit designed to appeal to 65-year-old scientists.
Translation: it would dent advertising costs and put them on the advertiser instead of the receiver of junk ads.  Consumer bad, business good: we don't like this idea.  We like the costs being on the consumer.
Nice platitude.  I would think libertarian property rights would hold sway here, but I guess they're conflicting with "business good".
There's no part of the Sci Am subscription form which says "by subscribing, we will sell your name around the world to junk mailers."  Believe me, I've looked.
A farce.  You and I know that business will require disclosure of personal info as a prerequisite for doing business if it lies within their scope.  I think Radio Shack was a particularly egregious example of this, requesting names, addresses and phone numbers even for cash purposes.  I've told them to fuck off on more than one occasion.  Imagine if your phone number was scribed on the outside of your body, as your email address is on this posting...
Businesses have rights!  Consumers have none.
Businesses have rights!  Consumers have none.
Okay, ASK me for my info, just like you have to in the real world.  Sounds fair to me.
I've seen more than one account disabled by excess junk email.  Think it's a pain now?  Just wait.
Government bad, business good.
Which way was that?  Choosing only marketers who say they won't resell information?  What if they lie?
No, the cost of sending the advertisement in the first place is low enough that the practice continues.  Typical response to a junk emailing is about 20% of receivers will reply with hate, the majority will ignore it, and fewer than .1% will respond favorably.
This CEI statement is grossly misinformed or simply lying.
It's an irritation that government has the power to stop; and
Nothing short of government action will stop it; and
Government action will not cause any collateral damage.
Seems like a perfect case for government action to me.
Au contraire.  Saying such a thing does not make it so.  Public property?  No.
It's safe to assume the majority do not.  That's true with 100% certainty.  Yet this paper attempts to say the consumer is being done a service.
I don't want anything that is completely unsolicited trying to sell me stuff.  This is true for 99% of the human race.
It's not companies' responsibility to not call you at 3AM - it's your responsiblity to not have the phone on the hook!
They know as well as anyone that the "default" is to reveal plenty of information, and few users will stray from that.
They also know that neither AOL nor Prodigy nor Compuserve have "banned" junk emailings.  They are lying, yet again.  What the online services have done is take action against a certain junk emailer who was reducing the usefulness of their email systems with the volume of junk mail inflicted.
Mass telemarketing is far from illegal.  It is regulated to avoid the extreme abuses which occur with 100% certainty when businesses see a chance to make money.  As should junk emailing.
Translation: we would like to avoid a discussion of the very real dollar costs imposed upon unsuspecting email recipients.  The wording of the question suggests no such thing, but that's what we'd like to talk about.
Forgot that Fourth Amendment again, eh?
Unless you count such mundanities as time and dollars as "costs".  Funny how these pro-business types are great at accounting usually, but forget all that when it comes to making these statements.
Wave the non-profit flag to disguise the HUGE profit-seeking behemoth out there.  Great.  As if I'd ever help aa non-profit who spammed me.
Actually, it is.  The abuses become significantly greater and therefore more of a concern to government.
As if that would account for .00000001% of the use.
You know how this "market" will go?  Businesses willget together, say "Hey, there's no point fighting over this, let's just standardize on full consumer disclosure.  It will help all of us."  and that will be it, no more market.

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:07:31
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: FC: Responses to Tim May's criticism of SAFE, and a rebuttal (fwd) 
This kind of "pragmatism" is precisely why I have no faith whatsoever in
CDT. There's a slippery slope, here, that really IS a slippery slope. As
soon as you agree with the principle that the legislators can and SHOULD
pass laws in a certain area, you risk losing large chunks of freedom. Conversely, so long as the area remains sacrosanct, free of legislation
(e.g. the content of private mail), the situation remains clear and clean.
Once you have one law, naturally some special-interest group will
complain, some lobbyists will have their own ideas, some other legislators
will see an opportunity to extend/clarify/amend/expand the legislation,
and before you know it, you've got the war on drugs or something similar, costing billions, depriving relatively innocent people of their liberty, and achieving nothing.
I absolutely agree with Tim May. There is no excuse for introducing legislation to control something fundamentally harmless that is not currently controlled. More legislation is absolutely the LAST thing this country needs.
For some reason I have difficulty trusting Congress to protect my rights in this matter, or in any other matter. Those who seek help from government should recall Barry Goldwater's famous quote, which went something like this: "When you have a government big enough to give you everything you want, it's big enough to take it all away."

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:05:29
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: FC: Responses to Tim May's criticism of SAFE, and a rebuttal (fwd) 
This is exactly the point.
The Administration continues to push for a government-designed global
key-recovery encryption policy that would, in the words of Grover Norquist
(head of the conservative Americans for Tax Reform and supporter of SAFE),
"force all Americans to go to bed at night with their doors unlocked and
their car keys in the ignition".
It's been 4 years of it - in various forms, the most recent being the first
serious proposal in history to impose DOMESTIC RESTRICTIONS on the ability
of American Citizens to protect their privacy on American soil.
The FBI, NSA, DOJ and the Clinton Administration want guaranteed law
enforcement access to private encryption keys.  That's what we are fighting
All of us have been screaming (rightly) about Clipper and it's various
mutant offspring from the beginning. Congress has at last gotten the
message and is aggressively taking the lead -- 3 bills designed to relax
government regulation of encryption technologies and prohibit the
government from imposing key escrow or key recovery inside the US.
I too share your skepticism about trusting Congress to solve all our
problems.  They didn't give us much reason to when they passed the CDA. And
even in the best of circumstances, legislation is rarely "perfect". But in
this case I honestly believe the sponsors of SAFE (78) and Pro-CODE (21)
have got it basically right.
The administration clearly has it totally wrong.
We have a long way to go yet before this debate is over, and I suspect the
Administration has a few more tricks left up its sleve. We owe it to our
allies in Congress, and to the issues we say we believe in as participants
on this list, to give this our best effort.
Call that 'pragmatism' if you want.  We have never considered that to be a
derogatory term.
Jonah Seiger, Communications Director                  (v) +1.202.637.9800
Center for Democracy and Technology                 pager: +1.202.859.2151
                                      PGP Key via finger
  * Value Your Privacy? The Governmet Doesn't.  Say 'No' to Key Escrow! *
            Adopt Your Legislator -

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:10:52
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Bill discussion 
Two quick points:
* I think the discussion centered around CDT since they put out a policy
post a few hours after the SAFE markup earlier this week, and that policy
post was well-circulated online.
* Didn't CDT, unlike the other groups like EPIC/ACLU/EFF/ATR, send a
letter to the House subcommittee on April 29 urging that SAFE be approved
without any changes? (I'm in Oklahoma right now and I have a copy of that
letter in my office in DC, but that's what I remember.)

@_date: 1997-05-15 14:18:04
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Response to "SAFE bill and cutting crypto-deals" 
While I don't particularly like this segment of the proposed bill either,
I think Declan is engaging in some minor hyperbole when he says "this
language has no business becoming law."  We already have federal laws
which make the use of a telephone or the mails to commit a felony into an
additional offense, so this provision -- quite similar to obstruction of
evidence, from the look of it -- doesn't seem at odds with precedent. With so many "hurdles," as Declan puts it, the language seems tailored to
the specific case where incriminating information is encrypted solely to
evade law enforcement and (like the passing of incriminating information
to one's attorney in an attempt to make it "privileged") it doesn't seem
outlandish to think that such conduct ought to be criminalized.  Granted,
there's the danger of the "slippery slope" -- that allowing any
restrictions on crypto will lead to a gradual encroachment of government
into other uses of cryptography.  However, whether or not it is a good
idea or not, politics and previosu law seem to firmly support such a
provision. -Jason Gull

@_date: 1997-05-16 13:46:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: SAFE vote and cutting crypto-deals, report from House Judiciary 
Thanks to Barry Steinhardt for his comments, especially his saying that:
This is a crucial point.  This isn't an exercise in back-patting, in doling
out kudos.  This struggle engages a stubborn and devious foe.
I also thought Michael Sims was on target in pointing out that Safdar's
criticism of Declan were basically arguments from authority.  Speaking only
for myself, it's not enough to look at who's for and who's against.
The Administration likes to say, trust us, we know what's best.  We should
say the emperor has no clothes if it's true.
Some supporters of these bills seem to respond to substantive criticisms
with comments about loyalty or solidarity.  What's wrong with robust, open
debate about substance?
I don't assume that those on the "inside" have better knowledge or
understanding of the law.  If they're going to defend the bills on the
merits, they should explain the merits.
I don't assume that everyone agrees on what the bills should say.  Some
might think that some "willful use of encryption" provision is consistent
with civil liberties.  (Personally, I don't and I'm glad to see Barry feels
the same way.) But my point is, let's be clear whether we're disagreeing
about values or political tactics.  Is a compromise acceptable because, all
things considered, it's the best we can do, or because we actually agree on
the merits?
Finally, I do believe that the insiders better understand the political
need for compromise.  But I'd like to be educated about it.  In particular,
I'd like to understand why the President wouldn't veto any bill he doesn't
completely agree with.  Unless there's something veto-proof out there, or
some other bargaining chip, why wouldn't he veto it?

@_date: 1997-06-25 10:29:40
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Internet knuckle-dragging from the New York Times 
Wired's Todd Lappin started the flamefest last Friday. A bit
uncharacteristic, perhaps, since Todd is generally mild-mannered both
online and offline -- but then again, he had a good point and a juicy
target. It was the New York Times, which had front-paged a scaremongering
above-the-fold article by Christopher Wren:
  Todd posted on fight-censorship:
Then the Boston Globe's technology reporter, Hiawatha Bray, leaped in...
Awright.  The lurking is over.
What IS your problem?  Can you point to any inaccuracies in Mr. Wren's
story?  If not, tough luck.
I'm tired of listening to so-called "free speech advocates" going ballistic
when they don't like what someone has to say.  Every time a journalist
writes a story about the seamier side of the Net, somebody complains that
this will give outsiders the wrong idea.  Nonsense.  I think what really
worries you is that such stories give people the RIGHT idea--that there are
sex fiends, dope smokers and would-be Unabombers on-line.  Well,  there
are.  And as long as there are, journalists will write about the fact.
 Don't like it?  Too bad.  Deal with it.
Hiawatha Bray
                                                        617-929-3115 voice
Technology Reporter
                                               617-929-3183  fax
Boston Globe
                                                         wathab
                                    P.O. Box 2378
                                    Boston, MA, 02107
                     You missed the point. We all know that there are sex fiends, dope smokers,
and would-be Unabombers in this world, on the net and elsewhere. What we're
saying is that they have free speech rights, just like you. This isn't
about blowing people up. This isn't about molesting children. This isn't
about doing drugs. You don't *do* any of those things online.  But you may
talk about them.  This is about SPEECH.
At 11:44 AM -0800 6/20/97, Hiawatha
This is complete and utter bullshit.
I didn't say Wren's article was inaccurate... I said it is a load of
sensationalist crap, laden with half-baked innuendo and unsubstantiated
Don't pull the "so-called 'free speech advocate'" horsepucky with me
either.  I'm not calling for censorship of the Times... I'm simply saying
that their story was garbage.  Of course, they have a right to print
garbage... but I also think they have an obligation to recount the facts
accurately, and in proper context.
This article failed to to that.  Instead, it implies that Websites use
cartoons to tempt the young (as if cartoons are only for the young), and
that the availability of drug info online somehow ties in to the fact that
"adolescents' [drug] experimenting is on the rise.
That's both absurd and factually unsubstantiated.
I have no problem discussing the darker side of the Net... I do so
regularly and openly. But I'm fed up with the "Internet Did It" genre of
newspaper reporting.  It's shoddy, and worse, it's dangerous  -- because it
promotes public hysteria through techno-fearmongering.
Deal with it.
PS: Jon Lebkowsky's last point was excellent.
Either educate yourself about the fact that what these stories portray as
some virulent epidemic of "bad" information is never anywhere near as severe
as the hysteria said stories try to foster (for example, go spend this
weekend reading all of Jon Katz over at the Netizen), or go back to lurking.
Rather than write sensationalist stories on rather rare crimes in tabloid
fashion-  [Not that you are guility of this.]
I'd personally rather see journalists mention that in comparison to kids
swimming, riding a bike, or even playing a game of summer baseball-  The
chances of harm to children surfing the net is infinitesimal.
Regards,  Matt-
Hmmm...how can I put this?  The quality of the responses to my previous
message was, well...lame.
I don't do flame, so I'm trying to be courteous about this.  But folks--you
need to grow up.
If every week, all you saw in the papers were stories of journalists who
beat their wives, jounalists who were arrested on drunk driving charges,
journalists who falsified facts, and journalists who were late on their
child-support payments, would you simply be content to know that all the
stories were accurate? Or would you beging to think that maybe, just maybe,
there was a slant?
What you choose to report on is as important as the accuracy of the report.
What makes this story newsworthy? Why the snide reminder that it's that
darn ol' Free Speech thing that keeps these sites from being shut down? Why
the emphasis on how 'anyone' can post stuff to the net, since there's no
business interest to keep them controlled?
It's 100% pure propaganda, designed to stir up calls for a law to prevent
distributing 'drug information' to minors, what with the pending (we hope

@_date: 1997-07-16 13:25:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: The Big Sellout 
It's here.
Computer industry to announce anti-smut initiatives
July 15, 1997 Web posted at: 9:59 p.m. EDT (0159 GMT) [20 minutes ago.  I'm  quick, aren't I?]
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Hoping to avoid a V-chip for the Internet, the
computer industry will announce at the White House on Wednesday it
will provide greater access to anti-smut software and work to flag
Internet sites that are clean enough for kids. Weeks after the Supreme Court declared unconstitutional a law
designed to keep cyberspace's seedy side away from children, the White
House is urging the computer industry and parent's groups to take
such voluntary steps to make the Internet safe for youngsters. "We don't need to reinvent the wheel here and we don't need a V-chip
for the Internet. We have tools out there which are 100 percent
available," said Jerry Berman of the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a group that works to protect computer users' civil
liberties. They just need to be more widely used and understood, he
said. President Clinton and Vice President Al Gore, a computer enthusiast,
will host the private meeting Wednesday. About 30 to 40 people are
expected, including representatives from America Online, Netscape
Communications Corp., Microsoft Corp., Yahoo! Inc., the National
Parent Teacher Association, the American Library Association, makers
of screening technology and electronic civil liberties groups. The White House has said it wants a solution "as powerful for the
computer as the V-chip will be for the television that protects
children in ways that are consistent with America's free-speech
values." Instead of seeking new legislation to force the computer industry to
shield children from Internet smut, the Clinton administration is
pushing voluntary ideas. That's welcome news for the industry and electronic civil liberties
groups, which fought to overturn anti-smut provisions in the 1996
telecommunications law. "It's a very positive thing to try to come up with a constructive
alternative to legislation," said Andrew Schwartzman, president of
the Media Access Project, a nonprofit media watchdog group. No final industry-wide voluntary plan is expected to be announced
Wednesday, but some companies are expected to unveil plans. For instance, Netscape Communications is expected to announce it will
back a software standard that allows people, using a Web browser,
either to block or select certain Web sites based on their electronic
labels, said industry and government sources, speaking on condition of
anonymity. Netscape did not return a phone call for comment. Microsoft Corp.'s Explorer browser already uses the standard, dubbed
PICS, which can work with more than one labeling or ratings system.
Parents using a browser with the PICS technology could, for example,
call up Web sites designated to be "family friendly" or they could
block sites labeled as violent or sex-filled. The Center for Democracy and Technology, meanwhile, is supposed to
debut a Web page that would give parents information on how and
where to get free smut-screening software, Berman said. The center estimates all of the major providers of Internet access
to consumers offer screening technology for free or at a nominal
cost. Those providers cover 14 million households, and include AOL,
AT&T WorldNet, CompuServe, Prodigy and Erol's. The American Library Association is working on a broader effort. It
has compiled a listing of family friendly Web sites parents can
access separately or through its Web page, said spokeswoman Joyce
Kelly. The listing will be updated and expanded, she said. And Microsystems Software Inc., maker of Cyber Patrol, a widely used
screening software, is expected to unveil new technology to make it
easier for owners to label their Web sites, a company representative
said. "We're heartened that the industry is taking steps on its own," said
Patty Yoxall, spokeswoman for the National PTA. "We prefer voluntary
efforts over government intervention." White House officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, stressed
that in addition to the voluntary efforts for indecent or smutty
content, the government still will enforce vigorously provisions
making illegal any obscene materials carried on the Internet. The Supreme Court upheld that provision of the 1996 law on June 26,
even as it overturned provisions aimed at restricting children's
access to indecent online materials. Copyright 1997   The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

@_date: 1997-07-18 06:14:23
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: HISTORY - pre-CDA, "compromise", untrue civil-liberties groups (fwd) 
memory that we had gone through almost exactly this sort of argument
in the run-up to the CDA. All the elements were there - the
"compromise" in terms of attempts to use labeling, the defensiveness
from EFF, CDT, compared to opposition from the ACLU, and so on. Not a
whole lot has changed. Mike Godwin was just as snide and snotty then
as he is now :-).
standard a little, have "good faith" defenses (what evolved into
censorware and ratings). Basically, have businesses running the
system, don't let the Religious-Right go wild. Well, that lost out
narrowly, and so we fought the CDA battle. But after that was won,
those interested in content regulation didn't just pack up and go
away. They went back to the earlier proposals. Which is an excellent
argument that nothing will be gained by any sort of "compromise" here.
Seth Finkelstein
Let me make it clear that the ACLU does not support this compromise and that
no true civil liberties organization, which represents the interests of
internet users and content providers does.
Barry Steinhardt
and civil liberties groups have agreed to accept restrictions on sexual material being sent on the Internet, the New York Times reported in Saturday editions.  White, would create provisions for a Senate bill that would impose fines and prison sentences on people who transmit pornography, the newspaper said.  Hill, made no distinction between commercial and nonprofit service providers. It said the restrictions would presumably apply to all, including Internet access nodes run by academic institutions.  before a joint Senate-House committee is expected to debate a measure that would impose fines of up to $100,000 and jail terms on people who knowingly transmit pornography or material deemed ``filthy'', ``lewd'' or ``indecent''.  against making indecent material available to children by changing the prohibition to material that is considered ''harmful to children'', the Times reported.  services or information providers who make a good faith effort to keep sex material away from children, the newspaper said.  limiting pornography on the Internet.  commercial on-line providers and some civil liberties groups have reversed course and signed on to a compromise drafted by Rep. Rick White, R-Wash.  committee takes up a measure that would impose prison sentences and fines on people who knowingly transmit pornography or material deemed ``filthy'' or ``lewd.''  services that make good-faith efforts to keep pornography away from children.  as the lesser evil of other more restrictive proposals.  I don't think Barry Steinhardt is in the position of defining, in this
rather authoritarian manner, who qualifies as "true civil liberties
organization, which represents the interests of internet users and content
EFF takes the position that no content-control legislation should be
passed. At the same time, we acknowledge the value of efforts, such as
that of Congressman White, to steer the Telecom Bill toward language that
is congruent with the long-established Constitutional framework that
limits what the government can do with regard to expression. (We do so
even though we do not endorse any of the proposals that have been
floated in the conference committee.)
If this counts as "support" for this compromise -- that is, if Barry
Steinhardt takes the position that "no true civil liberties organization"
could conceivably take a principled position that does not parrot Steinhardt's own -- then perhaps he should say so now, since EFF had
planned to work with ACLU on litigation challenging whatever content-
control language emerges in the telecom bill.
I had not thought, before now, that the only "true" civil liberties
position is one that precisely parrots that of Steinhardt and the ACLU.
Perhaps the DOJ's antitrust division should investigate the ACLU's monopoly on principled civil-liberties stances.
It is a sad historical fact that, all too often, certain civil
libertarians feel compelled to spend their energy in quarrelling
with allies over relatively minor differences on strategic and tactical
issues while the pro-censorship forces close ranks and present a united
front. You'd have think we'd all have learned by now.
I should hope, by the way, that my own credentials as a "true" civil
libertarian are not in question. I'm willing to compare my track record on "cyber liberties" with anyone else's.
Perhaps Barry could identify with some specificity those whom he, from his
lofty perch, believes to be other than "true" civil libertarians.
Alternatively, he may have some suggestions as to how we can all continue
to work together without wasting any time pissing on each other.
Yours for freedom of speech on the Net,
--Mike Godwin
  Staff Counsel
  EFF
I do not believe that Barry was criticizing EFF or any other civil-liberties group that has been opposing content-restrictive legislation.  Barry was rightly taking issue with the NYT for claiming that civil-liberties groups were willing to accept compromise on restricting content.  I think his statement, that no true civil-liberties group would support such a compromise is valid.  Mike, in the above paragraph, explicitly states that EFF does not support such compromises.  But we all knew that.
I think this was a simple case of someone taking offense where no offense was meant.  I do that myself more often than I care to admit.  To get pissed off is human.  Let's all keep working together.

@_date: 1997-07-18 06:15:06
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: HISTORY - pre-CDA, "compromise", untrue civil-liberties groups (fwd) 
Ah, the old 'drag out CDT's funding list' trick.  For the record, CDT is
supported by companies and foundations who share our agenda and goals, and
believe that we are effective advocates of our views.  Search all you want
for a consipracy -- you aren't going to find one.
While CDT makes no apology for our position (along with EFF and others) to
reluctantly support White's proposal 2.5 years ago given the context of the
debate (read our statement at
 - the fact is that the
Supreme Court decision settled this debate, and the White compromise was
never passed by Congress.
As for your claim that what happened yesterday at the white house is
similar to the "compromise" of December 1995, you are way off base.
White 1995                                 White House 1997

@_date: 1997-07-24 10:18:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: EPIC letter to CNET.COM and the Internet Community (fwd) 
To Mr. Barr of CNET.COM and the Internet Community,
On July 21 Christopher Barr, editor in chief of CNET,
endorsed Internet rating schemes in a column
titled "Rating Online Content Can Work".
In this column, Mr. Barr says
  A number of groups, including the
  American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic
  Privacy Information Center, support the use of such
  software on principle, but they also point out that
  filtering software can be used to block any kind of
  content, not just sexually explicit material, and so
  it can end up restricting free speech.
I want to be clear that EPIC, both a plaintiff and counsel in
the challenge to the Communications Decency Act, does not support
the use of blocking software in principle or practice. We do not
support rating systems for the following reasons.
First, we believe that the fundamental purpose of a rating system

@_date: 1997-07-25 07:22:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: "Who the hell are CNET?" 
For the company explanation go to:
Here's my explanation:
CNET doesn't compare itself to Microsoft, IBM, or MCI.  Do you categorize a
"significant industry player" based on its household name and revenue status?
CNET has a variety of services...we have 10 Web sites and 4 TV shows...each
one has a different goal.
CNET doesn't "speak" for the whole Net community.  That's not our goal.
Our goal is to _provide_ the Net community with various services whether it
be reviews, news, TV shows, or commentaries, all of which focus on
technology and the Net.  That might not be significant to you Phil, but it
is to the million+ who use our services.  Netizens may not always agree with CNET's stories, reviews, or
commentaries...and we welcome opinions.  You know the saying: "Negative
feedback is better than no feedback."
Hope this answers your question.
Rose Aguilar
CNET Radio Reporter/Producer 150 Chestnut St.
San Francisco, CA  94111 415/395-7800 X 1227
Fax: 415/395-7815

@_date: 1997-07-26 14:34:41
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill (fwd) 
The full text of this very frightening amendment is now available on CDT's
Web site at:
It's a chilling glimpse at the Administration's view of a
mandatory-domestic-key-recovery world. This is the first time I've seen
anyone put such a provision through the House Legislative Counsel process.
 	-- Alan
Alan Davidson, Staff Counsel                 202.637.9800 (v)
Center for Democracy and Technology          202.637.0968 (f)
1634 Eye St. NW, Suite 1100                  Washington, DC 20006                         PGP key via finger

@_date: 1997-07-26 14:38:34
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Note to CyberPatrol's Susan Getgood (fwd) 
Dear Susan:
I hadn't realized that you were still on f-c, but since you've popped up
a few times today, I thought that I'd use this environmentally friendly
way of speaking with you.
I was quite intrigued when I got an envelope from Microsys a few days
ago.  And I was honored that you consider me to be a colleague -- you
remember how you addressed the letter -- Dear Colleague.
I am, of course, quite concerned about productivity in the workplace. Why, everyone on f-c who knows me will vouch for the fact that I never
do anything which is not completely work-related during the business
day.  So while I have to confess that I was intrigued by the offer of
your corporate product, there's just one small problem: using it would
go against every moral and ethical bone in my body.
Granted, most attorneys may not have many of 'dem bones, so if I change
my mind, I'll keep your email address on file.  In the meantime,
however, you can save some postage costs and even a tree branch or two
if you delete me from your junk snail mail list.
Thank you for your cooperation in this matter.
Very truly yours,
-James S. Tyre

@_date: 1997-09-12 12:19:17
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Make that yesterday morning. I understand the briefing lasted from 10 am
to 1:30 pm.

@_date: 1997-09-13 05:12:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Are we men or mice?  Re: House panel votes behind closed doors to build in Big Brother (fwd) 
fight-censorship-announce
This suggests the battle is over and lost.  It's not, and a tone of this
sort only plays into the FBI's hands.  Feeling like they're on a roll, if
the community throws in the towel now, as your tone above suggests, we cede
defeat and get domestic restrictions.
We have a goddamn right to use encryption without a government backdoor,
and I, and nobody else, should give up until it's dragged from our
rigor-mortis-addled hands.  In Congress, there are still votes left, and we
should be fighting to make sure that no member of Congress that has a vote
at any point in this process should cast that vote without knowing that
their net constituents care about this.  They may not always vote with
their constituents' wishes (and that is frustrating to all of us) but we
certain-as-hell shouldn't let them make that call without having at least
constituent input.
You want to see effectiveness and change, do something constructive instead
of whining on the net.  For example, let people know that by signing up for
the Adopt Your Legislator program at  they
will be notified before and after every vote that their legislator is a
party to, complete with phone and fax nnmbers.
It may look gloomy now, but bad votes should only make us madder and more
determined to lobby Congress.  It's easy to complain about the fact that
you don't like the direction the boat is going; much harder to devote your
energies to actually changing the course.  Pick up an oar and row.
If you get domestic restrictions on encryption and you haven't been calling
your member of Congress on a regular basis to tell them to do the right
thing, you'll get exactly the kind of government you've invested in.
PS I would like this to go to fight-censorship-announce as well, please.

@_date: 1997-09-26 00:38:16
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why the White amendment is a good idea (fwd) 
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Today, the House Commerce Committee made an important statement which will have lasting ramifications on the status of personal privacy in our nation for the foreseeable future.
I know what you all are thinking -- former White staffer, praising his old boss.  In the interests of total disclosure, I did work for Rep. White, and I still think he is an all-around great guy.  However, solely on the merits of this amendment, I believe that it deserves the support of the Internet community (whatever *that* is).
The NETCenter is a great idea.  Very few of us would argue that our society has an interest defining rules and in prosecuting their transgression as crimes.  Once we have agreed on that point, the issue changes to a (still very important) discussion on methods.  By creating a decryption lab (and funding it with tremendous amounts of money), our society will fulfill the basic obligation to protect against the transgression of our rules.
However, despite the worst intentions of some, this laboratory cannot be an indiscriminate tool.  The United States Government may be a the ultimate example as an organization possessing "national means," however, it's resources are far from infinite.  In addition, such a lab would require our very best and brightest mathematicians. We may be able to afford one of these labs, but more would be a large stretch.
Once this NETCenter exists, the demands for it's services will soon outstrip it's resources.  In addition, the massive cost involved per use would be large enough to attract public scrutiny.  I have no doubt that our government could crack the very largest keys if it were to through billions of dollars at the problem.  However, in an age of shrinking budgets and a commitment to a balanced budget, that much money is not spent without considerable oversight.
I have no doubt that a considerable portion of the NETCenter's time will be spent in matters of foreign intelligence.  (As I said, we cannot afford two massive decryption laboratories -- the NSA will have to give its decryption mandate to this new agency).  In sum, this amendment gives us a powerful decryption laboratory with a great deal of sunshine on its use and limited resources on behalf of law enforcement.
These factors make the NETCenter a great tool for targeted decryption, but they also guarantee that appropriate judicial supervision is acquired before the NETCenter can be used.  In other words, this is a great tool for prosecutors to use *after* they have established probable cause in their most heinous cases, and a strong guarantee that the eyes of the government will not intrude into our persons, papers and effects.
The passage of this amendment helps ensure that the terms of this debate remain centered on our civil liberties -- not kiddie porn.  If we are going to win this argument (and the stakes are very large) we have to keep this debate framed with our criteria.
Many may disagree with me on these points, and I

@_date: 1997-11-04 02:49:00
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
[Wow. First time I've ever been personally accused of being "a major
reason for the downward spiral of society." --Declan]
---------- Forwarded message ----------
I've forgotten how long I've been on this email list.  Maybe too long.
Try as I might, I cannot forget standing on the steps of the Supreme
Court building with my husband and 10 year old daughter in the freezing
drizzle.  I really thought we could make a difference, standing there
with our banner and signs, one of which read, "DON'T SACRIFICE MY CHILD
ON THE ALTAR OF THE FIRST AMENDMENT."  Stupid me.  As the saying
goes...we've come a long way, baby.
As I wander back through all the posts on this list, it finally dawns on
me what this is all about, this 'fight censorship' rhetoric.  It's
nothing more and nothing less than a lot of egotistical, self-serving
brats who absolutely refuse to grow up, including you, Declan.  Don't
you realize that YOU are a major reason for the downward spiral of
society?  Instead of trying to protect children, you want to empower
them.  Even a moron knows that when you do so, that power has to be
taken from someone.  Unfortunately, that someone is the parent.  I have
to ask myself just how many on this list have children.  Not many, I
would say.
Someone on this list, I forget who, has made numerous attempts at
convincing us that pornography 'does no harm' to children.  It is
exactly at this point that I must draw a line.  Studies have shown that
an event which lasts even so much as three-tenths of a second, within
five to ten minutes has produced a structural change in the brain.
Exposure to porn causes actual brain damage, especially in a child.
So, keep protecting your porn-induced orgasms.  That's exactly what
happened with the Hitler youth, etc...  After all, I'm sure it does help
to blur the lines of reality.
Please PRINT THIS OUT and save for later reference.  Rules number 1
through 7 have already been put into effect.  Rule number 8 is currently
being implemented.  Numbers 9 and 10 are already in the beginning
phases.   If you're not yet convinced that you are contributing to the
ruination of America, I would hope you will be by the time you finish
reading this.
Paul and Jodi Hoffman
Weston, Florida
"When an opponent declares, "I will not come over to your side", I
calmly say, "Your child belongs to us already..."  --Adolph Hitler,
speaking about the schools and their indoctrination of the Hilterjugend
(Hitler Youth Corps).
LENIN'S BLUEPRINT FOR WORLD DOMINATION
These 'Rules' are meant to be a loose parody of the Ten Commandments,
and are particularly emphasized at the Lenin School of Political
Warfare.   They are practical rules that are being implemented all over
the world -- with special emphasis on the strongest foe of Communism,
the United States.
Study these Rules very carefully. And then reflect upon what is
happening in our society right now.   Perhaps this list will provide
answers to some of the questions that seemed --until now -- to have no
Lenin himself said that it didn't matter that three-fourths of the world
be destroyed, just so the remnant were good Communists.
RULE FOR REVOLUTION      CORRUPT THE NATION'S YOUTH
THE RULE:
The future of any nation lies with its youth. So corrupt them; since
religion teaches moral virtue, erode the churches and divert the young
from religion. Make them interested only in themselves. Get them
involved in drugs, alcohol, and sex. Get them addicted to privileges and
THE REALITY:
Many of today's youth are grossly overprivileged, committed to fashion,
physically flabby and lazy, and mentally undisciplined. If they don't
want to do something, they simply will not do it. And if they want to do
something to indulge themselves, no law or moral standard will hold them
back.  They feel that they are entitled to the 'good things in life,'
not as a reward for hard work, but as an expected gift, to be received
without effort and even without asking.  And where do they learn such
slovenliness? Just spend two hours in front of a television watching a
random selection of situation comedies to find out. Unfortunately, kids
who fit the above description usually model themselves after their
parents.  Such parasitic habits would not be tolerated in the former
Soviet Union.
The prevailing attitude among today's pampered American youth is one of
nihilism ( I am nothing, life has no meaning, I don't care) -- and for
good reason.  Over 75 percent of America's high school boys now think
it's acceptable to rape a girl at any age.  Wonder why anymore?
RULE FOR REVOLUTION      CONTROL THE MASS MEDIA
THE RULE:
Since the media shapes the minds of the people, infiltrate it and
control it.  Dominate television, radio, and the newspapers, and you
control the minds of the people.
THE REALITY:
It is quite obvious that traditional values are considered ridiculous to
all branches of the media.   Christians, clergy, and even Christ Himself
are held up as objects of scorn and mocking laughter by television,
motion pictures, radio, artists, and songwriters.  In the place of
decency and morality, a constant stream of Left-wing values is
Homosexuality, abortion, violence, and contempt for all parental and
governmental authority is the prevailing order of the day.   A
particularly powerful form of media is represented by the so-called
"arts community."   Some latter-day "artists" actually make a
pretty good living by mocking traditional values and Christianity.
Consider Andres Sorrano's "Piss Christ" (a photograph of a crucifix
submerged in urine) or Robert Mapplethorp's photos, which include one
showing a bullwhip protruding out of his rear end.
This media bias is not a fantasy of a few right-wing whiners; this is
cold, hard reality.
The extreme leftward tilt of the media has been documented by impartial
observers and study managers, and has even been acknowledged by the
press itself.
RULE FOR REVOLUTION      ENCOURAGE PUBLIC INDIFFERENCE
THE RULE:
Cause the people to become disinterested in their own government and in
world affairs. Get them to feel disenfranchised. Get them to ridicule
and lose respect for government leaders.
THE REALITY:
Americans now vote at a lower rate than at any other time in our
history. Every American knows how disenfranchised and powerless the
average voter feels.  The media constantly trumpet instances of
hypocrisy and corruption in our government, despite the fact that we
have the most open and honest political system in the world.   The
United States Supreme Court has wrested much of the State's power from
them with judicial activism.   This means that the people's
representatives at the State level -- and therefore the people
themselves -- have much less of a voice in their own government.
On the state level, when people or local legislators finally manage to
pass a conservative law regarding abortion, pornography or
homosexuality, it is invariably challenged by Neo-liberal groups and
struck down by higher courts, leading voters to ask themselves
"Why bother participating in the process? We have no real voice in how
things are run anyway!"
RULE FOR REVOLUTION      ENCOURAGE PUBLIC BICKERING
THE RULE:
Divide the people into hostile groups. Divide them against themselves by
getting them to squabble about inconsequential social issues.
THE REALITY:
Never before have so many trivial issues captured so much air time.
Major construction and other projects are halted due to sometimes
trivial environmental concerns.  Critical research which uses animals is
halted or impeded by animal-rights groups.  Sodomy rights, old- growth
timber, anti-fur, and dozens of other Neoliberal causes (and the
conservative backlash) cause more friction among our nation's people
than in any other nation in the world.
Meanwhile, the real issues of importance are either entirely neglected
or paid weak lip service:   Crime, poverty, hunger and, beneath all of
them, the moral disintegration of our country.   All of these have lead
to despair among those affected and encourage violent change at any
cost, with no thought given to the kind of change being fought for.
Naturally, when conservatives react to Neoliberal initiatives with
concrete action, they are painted as agents of "divisiveness" and
"disunity," further leading to the impression that American society is
composed entirely of squabbling special-interest groups.
RULE FOR REVOLUTION       SEIZE POWER, THEN CENSOR
THE RULE:
Always preach true democracy, but seize power as completely and
ruthlessly as possible.  Vigorously censor viewpoints that conflict with
THE REALITY:
If the slightest complaint against pornography in our schools is raised
by concerned parents, People for the American Way (PAW), the ACLU, and
other left-wing groups instantly shout "censorship!"   But they say not
a word when it is pointed out that the Bible and all mention of morality
in textbooks have been ruthlessly hounded from the schools.
Religion has literally disappeared from our children's textbooks. The
media relentlessly suppress the reasoning behind conservative and
traditional viewpoints while reporting their version of the facts and
claiming "impartiality."
Artists' demand that the people pay for their atrocities. When the
people balk, the 'artists' whine about censorship. All traditional
groups and viewpoints are fair game for ridicule; yet when was the last
time you saw any 'artist' making fun of sodomites or women?
In other words, the censorship is all one-way. And the "pluralism"
valued so much by the Neoliberals is entirely unilateral (one way only).
Communist atrocities which have killed more than 150 million all over
the world are glossed over or ignored, but the most trivial
international action by the United States brings immediate and forceful
RULE FOR REVOLUTION        BANKRUPT THE GOVERNMENT
THE RULE:
Encourage government extravagance on every front.
Get the government deeply into debt. Get the people dependent on
government by providing for their every need. This destroys their
independence, motivation and strength.
THE REALITY:
The United States is flat broke. It is the number one debtor nation on
earth, with a deficit of more than $5,000,000,000,000 (five trillion
dollars).   Social programs pay for everything from abortion and
homosexual-run "sensitivity training sessions" to comprehensive sex
We are the most truly Socialistic society on earth, a nation
of people addicted to entitlements, unable to break away from the ample
government teat, people who scream at the top of our lungs if any
cutbacks in services are proposed.
And yet, the Neoliberals want to spend even more.
They want us to fund family benefits for sodomites, a comprehensive
health care plan that will inevitably turn into a Britain-like
socialized horror, and "art" that is blatantly obscene.
RULE FOR REVOLUTION        DESTROY NATIONAL VALUES
THE RULE:
Cause a breakdown of indigenous national values.  Destroy all tradition
in preparation for the bright dawn of glorious Socialism.  Ridicule
religion, patriotism, and honesty. The people must be led to have only
one interest:   Themselves!
THE REALITY:
goods are compassion, nonjudgmentalism, and tolerance.
Any individual weakness is treated as a problem of society, not of the
person, and this relieves everyone of the responsibility of improving
Why should there be any effort to take responsibility for one's own
faults when "society" is so conveniently ready to take the blame for all
one's sins? Society has made the sacrifice.   So criminals, addicts,
alcoholics, child molesters, wife beaters, and others can always blame
their problems on society.
We have truly become the "me generation."
RULE FOR REVOLUTION        ATTACK GUN OWNERSHIP
THE RULE:
Control or register all firearms if possible. This will make their
confiscation much easier when the time comes for revolution.
THE REALITY:
When the Communist Revolution occurs in the United States, the last
thing the Red Armies want to face is ten million determined and
well-trained guerrillas (gun owners) taking potshots at them from around
every corner.
The Communists don't want the equivalent of ten Afghanistans in the
United States.
Although the objective of inhibiting gun ownership has not yet been
completely met, there are dozens of bills and initiatives being
submitted all over the country for compulsory gun registration,
permitting, and other controls.   The Second Amendment is
disregarded entirely as Neoliberals trumpet for all guns to be totally
After all, they say, thousands die from gun-related accidents and crimes
every year. They fail to see that criminals will always get guns, a
parallel to their own argument stating that, if abortion becomes
illegal, women will still get abortions.
RULES FOR REVOLUTION  AND     UNDERMINE THE ARMED FORCES
THE RULES:
Destroy the reputation of the armed forces.
Cause the young men to perceive military duty as distasteful and
ridiculous. Fight registration of any kind, and encourage defections
within the ranks.
Cause the people to desire peace at any cost.   Cause them to oppose any
and all of their government's actions regarding the strengthening or use
of their armed forces.
THE REALITY:
Our country's armed forces consume a vast percentage of our gross
national product.
We possess the best and most advanced weapons systems in the world. But
our armed forces are a joke for two reasons:
(1) they are completely restrained in their actions by a hostile
Congress, and
(2) the armed forces have been saddled with such a bad reputation that
it is virtually impossible to fill the ranks with volunteers, even in
the new and streamlined armed services.
Where serving in the armed forces was once considered patriotic and
honorable (as it was in the former Soviet Union), it is now looked upon
as foolish and 'anti-progressive.'
Servicemen are ridiculed and denigrated at every turn. People say that,
if you can't make it on the outside, you wind up in the armed forces.
Every serviceman is considered to be a useless gobbler of tax money.
FINAL REALITY:  WELCOME TO AMERIKA, COMRADES.
The 'Rules for Revolution' described here are the most important actions
that can be taken to weaken a country in order to prepare it for armed
attack or a skillful coup d'etat.  These rules are summaries that are
extracted from a number of books written by professional revolutionaries
from the former Soviet Union, from other Communist-dominated countries,
and from the United States itself.
They are most concisely summarized in the 2,225 page, three-volume set
Lenin: Selected Works , distributed in English by Progress Publishers,
21, Zubovsky Boulevard, Moscow.
These general principles, dedicated to one of the most famous
revolutionaries of all time, Vladimir Lenin, are studied by every
Communist political scientist, and by every ambassador or emissary of
any type who leaves the former Soviet Union.  They are also studied in
great detail by many Americans.

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:26:12
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Even more to the point, Colin's ASCII-art post to a mailing list will be
on the web:
  ftp://vorlon.mit.edu/pub/f-c/v02.n508

@_date: 1997-11-14 06:35:20
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: FC: CEI says Nader's anti-Microsoft campaign hurts consumers (fwd) 
[CEI ( is a free-market nonpartisan think tank here in
Washington, DC. --Declan]
Competitive Enterprise Institute
For Immediate Release
Contact: Wayne Crews CEI (202) 331-1010
Ralph Nader's Anti-Microsoft Campaign Hurts Consumers
WASHINGTON, DC, November 12 , 1997 - The Competitive
Enterprise Institute (CEI) suspects that Ralph Nader
does not speak for all consumers in his current
crusade against Microsoft.
Nader is hosting a November 13-14 conference in
Washington, D.C entitled "Appraising Microsoft and Its
Global Strategy."  Designed to elicit public support
for federal antitrust action against the company's
expansion of computer services, "Appraising Microsoft"
features speakers prominently drawn from the ranks of
Microsoft's rivals.
According to Nader and some competitors, Microsoft's
offering of its web browser free with the Windows 95
operating system is only the latest in the company's
long line of "offenses."  Yet consumers consistently
benefit when more and better features are added to
computers.  As noted in the Washington Post, the
computing power of today's $2,800 "Wintel" would have
required a multi-million-dollar Cray supercomputer a
decade ago.  Indeed, "voting" with their mouse button,
consumers have voluntarily downloaded millions of
copies of Microsoft's new web browser.
"The Competitive Enterprise Institute hopes the media
covering 'Appraising Microsoft' will maintain a
healthy skepticism and explore who really gains if the
government substitutes its will for the free choices
of individuals in the marketplace," CEI fellow Wayne
Crews noted. "Antitrust authorities must guard against
Microsoft's rivals' efforts to 'compete' in court to
achieve what they couldn't by consumers' voluntary
"Ralph Nader's brand of 'consumer advocacy' is
confusing," Crews noted.  "When outside crusaders and
government forcibly limit consumers' free choices and
slam the brakes on a torrent of low-cost features,
they increase consumer prices and prop up
less-efficient competitors."  Crews continued, "This
is not pro-consumer behavior, it is merely
anti-Microsoft behavior."
"Consumers have spoken, and there is nothing amiss in
their having chosen an operating system standard that
some happen to despise," Crews concluded.  "Let's hope
Ralph Nader hears consumers more than the complaints
of competitive also-rans."
To address some of the common complaints against
Microsoft, CEI today also released the attached
two-pager "Five Myths About Microsoft."
CEI is a non-profit, non-partisan public policy group
dedicated to free markets and limited government.  For
more information contact Wayne Crews at 202-331-1010.
The Competitive Enterprise Institute's
Five Myths About Microsoft*
(Note: The following "myths" apply to many of today's
supposed examples of "lock-in" of allegedly
inefficient technologies.  Microsoft happens to be the
most prominently cited example of the phenomenon.)
Leveraging Windows to Dominate the Browser Market
Represents Unfair Competition: A popular myth today is
that a savvy company can routinely leverage a
"monopoly" in one product to force on consumers a
product that they do not want.  Companies lack this
ability.  Microsoft was unable to sell consumers on
its Microsoft Network rival to America Online -- even
though MSN had been "bundled" with the Windows 95
operating system.  Similarly, Microsoft Money still
lags behind Quicken.  And as Netscape learned the hard
way by bundling its Navigator browser with its
Communicator suite, and as Apple leaned by bundling
its entire computer with its operating system,
bundling products doesn't work unless consumers want
the bundling.  In any case, Netscape, not Microsoft,
dominates today's browser market, and retains every
opportunity to maintain dominance by satisfying
customers.  In a sense, browser competition could
hardly be more perfect: Because downloading Netscape's
Navigator or Microsoft's Internet Explorer is equally
simple, either firm will have to win on the basis of
superior features.
Microsoft Illegitimately Dominates Operating System
Software:  Microsoft's rivals tend to imply that
Microsoft's operating system is utterly impervious,
seemingly as if it dropped out of the sky unbidden.
Rather, rivalry among operating systems for desktop
dominance has been and still is intense.  Microsoft's
operating system dominance was not pre-ordained.
Nothing prevented Sun, whose UNIX operating system was
developed ten years before MS-DOS, from transferring
that technology to the early PC marketplace.  Nor did
anyone force Sun to wait until 1991 to finally
introduce a version for the Intel x86 platform.  No
one forced Apple back in 1984 to take the course it
chose in not licensing its operating system to others
as Microsoft did. There is nothing unseemly about one
competitor winning out over the others and setting a
standard.  That was the purpose of the nearly 20 years
of protracted battle, during which consumers made
their choice.
Microsoft is Illegitimately Monopolizing the Internet:
 Some claim Microsoft's proprietary knowledge and
policies on sharing information about its operating
system are oppressive and geared toward helping
Microsoft dominate the Internet with its own software.
 But on the other hand, it would appear that, while
application developers do depend upon Windows 95,
Microsoft in turn has a stake in nurturing developers'
success rather than in undermining them.  But for the
sake of argument, take the critics at their word: If
such dissatisfaction with Microsoft is indeed
universal, then the market is ripe for moving to a new
platform - just as we moved rapidly from vinyl records
to compact disks.  There's no need for government to
step in if a problem really exists: If Microsoft ($9
billion in 1996 revenues) were untrustworthy, nothing
prevents the formation of consortia between developers
and (for example) Compaq ($18 billion), Sun ($7
billion), and Apple ($8 billion) and others to offer
consumers their allegedly superior hardware and
software alternatives.  Indeed, competitors by their
own account already have another option.  Given their
glowing claims about the superiority of Sun's Java
programming language -- which allows programs to
execute in Netscape's browser on any operating system

@_date: 1997-11-19 08:11:37
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Why can't they have it both ways for this one particular point?
For instance, at netlynews.com, we have unmoderated bulletin board areas
and "talk about it" sections where we want our readers to be able to speak
freely -- no matter what country they're from.

@_date: 1997-12-04 07:30:08
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Jamie, I may have missed the fab 50s but I suspect you spent a little too
much time in the psychadelic 60s. In 1997, a leftist can best be defined
as a big government fetishist. :)
Tell your boss Ralph Nader hi for me...

@_date: 1998-01-08 03:14:49
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: More on Association for Interactive Media conference 
[This is the conference Tim was criticizing yesterday. --Declan]
[for forwarding if you like]
Note that AIM, the sponsors of the "WashingtonWeb" conference, are the
folks who appear to be paid stooges for Network Solutions in trying to
keep their ten million dollar per month monopoly on domain names.
AIM's coverage of that issue has been completely false and completely
biased ("The Internet is likely to break apart on October 15, 1997";
"you may lose all rights to use your trademark in your Internet
address forever".  See They've been deliberately making false statements to stir up sentiment
against the evolution of domain names away from the Network Solutions
I wouldn't promote or attend their conference.  There's something going
on there that I don't understand -- but I do recognize slime when I see it.

@_date: 1998-01-10 01:25:28
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: In God We Antitrust, from the Netly News 
The Netly News (
January 9, 1998
In God We Antitrust
by Declan McCullagh (declan
        Bill Gates likes to portray himself as a businessman hounded by
   hordes of boorish bureaucrats who resent his success. "It's absolutely
   clear that our competitors are spending an enormous amount of time and
   money trying to whip up anti-Microsoft sentiment in Washington, D.C.,"
   says spokesman Mark Murray. "For the past year, Netscape, Sun and
   other competitors have been crawling all over Washington, D.C., trying
   to use the government as a weapon against Microsoft -- rather than
   competing head-to-head in the marketplace."
        Of course, that's what you'd expect a PR flack to say, whether
   it's true or not. But maybe, just maybe, Microsoft has a point.
        A close look at the history of antitrust law reveals that its
   enforcement has always been political. The demand for antitrust
   regulations in the first place came from midwestern butchers who
   wanted to block competition from more efficient meat-packing plants in
   Chicago. Since then, execution of the 1890 Sherman Act has been highly
   partisan: Democratic administrations are nearly twice as likely to
   bring antitrust cases as Republicans. Antitrust regulations are also
   protectionist: Regulators wield them to protect domestic companies
   from overseas competitors.
        If it's politics and not policy that prompted the Justice
   Department to assail Microsoft this time around, the paper trail may
   not become public until well into the next century. For now, though,
   we can look at antitrust history instead:
        ITT and Nixon: President Richard Nixon intervened in an antitrust
   action against International Telephone & Telegraph in 1971 in exchange
   for a bribe -- a hefty contribution to the 1972 Republican convention.
   "I don't know whether ITT is bad, good or indifferent," he said on
   April 19, 1971, White House tapes reveal. "But there is not going to
   be any more antitrust actions as long as I am in this chair... goddamn
   it, we're going to stop it."

@_date: 1998-01-22 03:59:53
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Gore Commission wants to regulate the Net like broadcast 
The Gore Commission -- the group created by Clinton to determine the future public interest obligations of digital TV broadcasters -- showed signs last week of broadening its reach to include other digital media that can deliver broadcast-like audio and video.
Significantly, the group discussed the possibility of including other digital media in their recommendations after viewing a demonstration of the Internet's potential to provide audio and video.
If digital TV broadcasters can be made to serve some notion of the "public interest" through government-mandated programming and restrictions on programming, is it not a short step for the government to regulate other digital content-providers?
This group should be watched carefully as they discuss future regulations on digital speech.
The Media Institute ( a First Amendment advocacy group based in Washington, has issued the following press release on this Media Institute's Public Interest Council Sees Danger
in Gore Commission Suggestion
government-mandated public interest obligations beyond the broadcasting industry, raised in comments by the co-chairman of the Gore Commission, illustrates both the lack of justification for and danger in these proceedings, The Media Institute's Public Interest Council said today.
Ornstein, co-chairman of the Advisory Committee on Public Interest Obligations of Digital Television Broadcasters, at an open meeting of the group in Washington.
and a discussion of digital convergence, Ornstein noted that mandatory public interest obligations on broadcasters may not be sufficient. He suggested that the Advisory Committee (popularly known as the Gore Commission) might want to examine the public interest role of other digital media as well.
distinction, saddling broadcasters...with heavy public interest obligations, and letting others get off scot-free."
Institute's Public Interest Council, challenged that idea: "The mere mention of that possibility -- extending the 'public interest' rationale to other media -- should raise alarms for anyone who values our country's constitutional guarantees of free speech and free press.
recommend additional public interest obligations for broadcasters solely because they will be converting to digital technology.  Mr. Ornstein's comments illustrate the ominous ease with which government might attempt to impose so-called public interest obligations on other types of digital media, such as on-line information services, DBS, cable, and perhaps even newspapers that are digitally transmitted to printing plants," Maines said.
television is far from the only medium serving today's consumer.  That felicitous fact, however, ought to lead the Commission to recommend a lessening of the obligations on broadcasters, not an increase on broadcasters and everyone else."
demonstrates the government's willingness to control digital speech.  The digital convergence argument could be a  new rationale for further such interventions, Maines warned.
Council, a four-member group created recently to study the public interest question and to follow the work of the Gore Commission.  Members include communications attorneys Robert Corn-Revere and J. Laurent Scharff, and constitutional scholars Robert M. O'Neil and Laurence H. Winer.  Council, and the Gore Commission is available on-line at

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:16:56
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Microsoft and DoJ: which one has guns? 
A long-sounded theme at least on cpunks...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
My article on the politics of antitrust:
 Calm down Don Bx,     If Microsoft really has great software, it doesn't need to use these
heavy handed tactics.  jl

@_date: 1998-01-27 06:55:54
@_author: Declan McCullagh 
@_subject: Fear, loathing, and Bill Gates (fwd) 
have for Bill Gates and Microsoft, it occurred to me that this hatred and
fear have much in common with the hatred and fear stirred up a decade or so
ago against Japan.  In both cases, people proved their affection for
Japanese goods by buying them, but they also grew leary of Japan after
being barraged on the air-waves by idiot pundits who insinuated that Japan
had some sort of recipe for taking over the American economy.  Economic
serfdom was near, avoidable only by trade restraints.
that sought to be relieved of having to compete as vigorously as otherwise.
economy, or to harm it in any way.  The same is true of Microsoft (as long
as it doesn't rely upon government favors).
against MS today -- is illogical and uninformed.  But it is, for MS,
increasingly real.
Let me see if i get this right:DOJ got guns , MS don't got guns,
therefore I'm for MS.    Is that it?   Gee thee's  some heavy
intellectual discourse going on here, you betcha.
DB doesn't seem to know much about antitrust -- it *does* scrutinize
strongarm tactics when wielded by someone with market power, as MSFT almost
certainly has.
The claim about harm to the economy is pretty far ranging for someone who
seems to have no expertise in the field. As an example of where antitrust
has done good, I'd point to the gov't-mandated restucturing of the electric
utility industry in the '30's (actually administered by the SEC), which can
be argued to have laid the groundwork for the huge productivity gains that
industry made for the next three decades.
Now that Microsoft has given up its inexplicable defense of an indefensible
licensing arrangement, it may be a lot easier for everyone involved to "calm
Calming down should not, however, mean giving Microsoft carte blanche to use
its undeniable market power to shape the future of the market for software.
What it should mean is devising a workable policy for applying sound antitrust
principles to the software business -- and that's a very big task.
Many of Microsoft's arguments have merit.  It is true, for example, that rapid
innovation and low (physical) capital requirements for entry make its monopoly
more vulnerable than it otherwise might be.
However, other arguments Microsoft has offered -- for example, falling prices
