
@_date: 1996-09-26 09:03:48
@_author: Stephen Humble 
@_subject: Re: ISPs' information on users 
tcmay (Timothy C. May) sez:
Such as when the police/feds/Big Brother's Helpers come in, seize
every piece of computer equipment on the site for "investigation", put
it in a warehouse for 2 years so they can read everything and save
whatever appeals to them in their private databases?  As Steve Jackson
Games found out, it can be slow and expensive to get the "evidence"
back and the satisfaction of watching a judge ream BBH is no guarantee
that such shenanigans will cease.
I hope the ISP used strong encryption on all their disks and tapes.
Sadly, I have no idea how to make sure an ISP I use does that
properly or how to get an exhaustive list of what kind of records they
tcmay (Timothy C. May) sez:
How many pieces of thread does it take to make a blanket?

@_date: 1996-10-05 08:30:44
@_author: Stephen Humble 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
dlv (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM) sez:
well, it's *your* computer...
Whoa!  Unless the service contracted for includes the use of the
contractors' computers, what business does the employer have poking
around in someone else's computer?  I can easily see Big Brother
demanding exactly that, but He won't hire me under those conditions.
Or was that just a slip of the mind, assuming large organizations
should have greater powers than smaller ones?  I do that too much

@_date: 1996-10-09 04:09:31
@_author: Stephen Humble 
@_subject: Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
attila  sez:
Biblical creationism is "wrong": there's ample evidence that the Earth
is *much* more than 6000 years old.  Yet lots of seemingly rational
people believe biblical creationism.
Newtonian mechanics is "wrong".  Even an tiny velocity causes space-
and time-dilation, even a vanishingly small mass distorts spacetime,
and Heisenberg's principle applies to macroscopic objects too - it's
just hard to detect these effects under the conditions we're used to.
But you won't catch me using general relativity to calculate catapult
Humans only have 2 kinds of colors receptors, so artists can mix
colors and get seemingly new colors.  That doesn't mean that blue and
yellow paint mixed together will reflect monochromatic green.  People
who try to transfer images from one medium to another suddenly have to
confront the more complicated reality.  Surely that doean't make my
kindergarten art teacher irrational for telling me about color mixing.
Or maybe it does.  Excuse me, I need to find my crayons...
