
@_date: 1994-06-28 04:15:54
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: Re: Brits propose internet voting 
In article <199406280001.UAA04655 you write:
You can find a copy of the Central Computer and Telecommunications Agency
report at ftp.demon.co.uk in directory /pub/doc/ccta file Report1.txt
The CCTA is the Government agency which deals with procurement of all
computer and telecommunications services.

@_date: 1994-11-24 07:05:56
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: UK Hacker sends ex-directory numbers via remailer ? 
It looks like the remailer network is going to come under scrutiny
from the British government.
There is a story breaking on BBC TV news at the moment  (24Nov1994,
1300hr) about a hacker who has obtained the ex-directory numbers of various
dignitaries, including the Prime Minister and royal family, from the
British Telecom Customer Service System computer network.
It appears that the hacker sent  pages of secret numbers  to a reporter
on the Independent newspaper via the Internet.   The story did not
mention  'anonymous remailer' by name, but I  presume that a remailer
was used.
The story also did not mention that the numbers could have been printed
out on a second hand, untraceable, dot-matrix printer and sent via
anonymous postal mail.
How did the hacker obtain the top-secret numbers ? Simply by working as
a temporary employee for BT, and reading the top-secret CSS passwords
conveniently written on Post-it notes next to the terminals. It has not been a good week for BT.  On the Monday BBC TV Watchdog
program, they were slammed for invading privacy via the newly
introduced CLID system.

@_date: 1994-11-25 06:27:42
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: Re: UK Hacker sends ex-directory numbers via remailer ? 
An update.
The ITN News at Ten program yesterday (24/11) mentioned that the email
was sent anonymously, but did not mention the Internet.  It also said
that the Independent journalist had obtained a temporary job at BT for
two months during the summer.  The journalist, Steven Fleming, was
interviewed. He had taken the job at BT after receiving the anonymous
email and he found that confidential CSS passwords were easy to obtain.
ITN also said that the Independent newspaper had received hundreds of
phone calls from BT employees concerned about CSS security. The previous BBC news program had made quite a play that the Internet
had been used, complete with screen shots of the Independent's
terminals.  The BT dial-up Newsline service, intended for employees but available
to anyone who calls an 800 number, said that there is no evidence that
the CSS system had been hacked or that confidential customer
information had been passed over the Internet.  It also warned
employees that they face instant dismissal for breaching commercial
confidence.   All employees of telecommunications companies in this country are also
covered by the Official Secrets Act even though they are not working
for a government department.  It is unlikely that Steven Fleming would
not have known this.
Quite why the Independent had thought that this rather sad story was
important enough to be their front page headline is a mystery. The threat of heavy-footed British security operatives descending upon
remailer operators has probably passed.

@_date: 1995-08-01 07:32:41
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: Re: Mail2news Gates 
In article <1ef_9507281405 you write:
I've posted a message about this to a local demon newsgroup.   I
haven't seen any announcement about withdrawing mail2news access from
non-Demon subscribers.  The mail2news gateway has been abused with spam  from some large ISPs
(guess which one? ), but Demon's policy seems to be that they deal with
such problems on an individual or site basis.
It is possible there was a configuration error at demon which may have
been fixed by now.

@_date: 1995-09-20 10:32:17
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Unabomber - crypto-anarchist?!? 
In article  you write:
Partially true, as there was an article on the leader page in Monday's
printed edition entitled "You can't put the Internet genie back in the
bottle" by Boris Johnson.  It's probably on the ET by now, but I don't
know where.
Some quotes:
"But we make three  points in defense of progress.
"The first, which has already been made, is that you can't put the genie
back in the bottle.  Next, we set against the presence of this offensive
matter [porn] the way the Internet can liberate in its sheer prolixity.
We rejoice, for instance, at how some surfer exposed the claptrap of L. Ron Hubbard's Scientology by publishing his "secret" texts, knowledge
of which had previously cost his disciples many thousands of pounds. We think
again of those women in the basements of Tehran, or any other place where
freedom of expression is denied.
"if there is no control over what people may read, then wherever there
are computers and telephone lines, totalitarianism will be that much
more precarious."

@_date: 1995-10-04 06:58:32
@_author: Dave Evans 
@_subject: [Fwd] Security Threat to Internet shopping (DT) 
Security threat to Internet shopping
Daily Telegraph (paper edition), 3 October 1995, p. 12
by Robert Uhlig
Home shopping on the Internet is under threat after hackers cracked the
encryption coding used to protect credit card transactions on Netscape,
the most popular software used for access.
A second security flaw, discovered in Microsoft Windows 95's E-Mail
electronic messaging system, has caused alarm.
Ian goldberg and David Wagner, the hackers, belong to a group called
Cypherpunks and said they had exposed Netscape's weaknesses to show the
ease with which digital money or electronic messages could be
intercepted by criminals, governments or business competitors.
The two computer science students took only a few days to find that the
software used a predictable date and time-based formula to generate a
random encryption code made up of 30 numbers each time a message was
They then posted their findings on the Internet.
Netscape responded by saying it would share parts of the security code
with security experts including the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology in the hope that this would improve its security.
The company has also released a free updated version of its software
for browsing the World Wide Web part of the Internet.
The company said it also planned to  extend the encryption key from 30
digits to 300 digits and use more random information to generate the
However, American law on  encryption technology forbids the export of
software  containing encryption keys longer than 40 digits, so Internet
users outside America will not be able to download copies of the
software from Netscape.
Visa and Microsoft have been working jointly on what they call Secure
Transaction Technology, which they claim will allow users to buy goods
over the Internet.
However, users of Microsoft's Windows 95 have found that it ignores the
security passwords on private electronic mail  sent or received using
software other than Windows 95.
