
@_date: 1997-12-21 05:29:20
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re: UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
well, and there are far fewer of them around in certain areas than there
used to be ...

@_date: 1998-01-01 09:41:24
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Location Escrow anyone ? 
Tracking of Swiss mobile phone users starts row
Copyright (c) 1997 Reuters ZURICH (December 28, 1997 4:12 p.m. EST  - Swiss
police have secretly tracked the whereabouts of mobile phone users via a
telephone company computer that records billions of movements going back
more than half a year, a Sunday newspaper reported.
The revelation in the SonntagsZeitung newspaper triggered objections from
politicians and the country's privacy ombudsman about high-tech snooping on
citizens who like the convenience of a mobile phone.
Officials from state telephone company Swisscom confirmed the practice, but
insisted information about mobile customers was only handed out on court
"Swisscom has stored data on the movements of more than a million mobile
phone users. It can call up the location of all its mobile subscribers down
to a few hundred meters and going back at least half a year," the paper
"When it has to, it can exactly reconstruct down to the minute who met
whom, where and for how long for a confidential tete-a-tete," it said.
Some 3,000 base stations across the country track the location of mobile
phones as soon as they are switched on, not just when customers are having
conversations, it said.
Prosecutors called the records a wealth of information that helped track
criminals' movements.
"This is a very efficient investigation tool," Renato Walti, an
investigating magistrate in Zurich who specialises in organised crime, was
quoted as telling the paper.
The paper said Swisscom and law-enforcement officials were reluctant to
discuss the records, which were supposed to be secret.
But it quoted Toni Stadelmann, head of Swisscom's mobile phone division, as
saying: "We release the movement profile of mobile telephone customers on a
judge's order."
SonntagsZeitung said there was no legal basis for storing such information.
"I am unaware of any law that would allow the preventative collection of
data for investigative purposes," it quoted Odilo Guntern, the federal
ombudsman for protecting individuals' privacy, as saying.
"Secretly collecting data is highly problematic," added Alexander
Tschaeppat, a judge and member of the lower house of parliament.
Copyright (c) 1997 Nando.net

@_date: 1998-01-20 14:58:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Locating radio receivers 
the like radiate quite a bit of energy and can be easily seen on a
spectrum analyzer at hundreds of feet (with no special effort).   A good
bit of energy escapes many scanners through the cheap and poorly
shielded plastic case and power cords rather than leaving via the
antenna, so even if a good broadband preamp is used between the antenna
and the input of the scanner - which should effectively eliminate LO
radiation from going out the antenna because the preamp is going to have
to have a great deal of loss for energy routed through it backwards
(output to input) or it would be unstable and oscillate -  the signals
radiated from the radio itself and the power cord will give it away.
from scanners - IF radiation is much lower in level in most modern gear because of the very short lead lengths and comparitively low signal
levels and good decoupling from the antenna - IF frequencies (save the
first IF on many scanners) are low enough so the component leads don't
act like a very good antenna because they are such a tiny fraction of
a wavelength.
shielded, some in fact to TEMPEST level specs,  and don't have the
problems that most  cheap scanners for hobbiests have.  If used with a
good preamp ahead of them they are very hard to detect if the shielding
is intact and undamaged (which may or may not be the case for a unit
that has been kicked around for years and carelessly repaired and
receivers and transcievers use no or very little RF amplification before
the first mixer in order to maximize dynamic range and third order
intercept and their 1st LO's (usually in the low VHF range) are not as
well isolated from the antenna.
phase locked to a local crystal oscillator and the LO is not as likely
to be detectably modulated by the audio the receiver is receiving as was
the case with the vacuum tube era communications receivers in the RAFTER
era that used free running LC tuned oscillators.   Power supply regulation
and decoupling is much better in modern gear, and this combined with
the use of phase locked synthesized oscillators means that while it may
be possible to detect radiation from the receiver LO, it is not as easy
to detect fm and am sidebands coming from the receiver audio which was
the basis of a lot of RAFTER work.
these days, so anyone who is trying to operate an undetected receiver
for any serious purpose now has the tools to determine just how much his
gear is radiating.   Of course the detection gear has gotten better too,
but careful shielding up to and including faraday cages, use of good
preamps and circulators and use of spectrum analyzers to check for stray
radiation makes it less likely that someone will  easily find a
carefully hidden receiver than in the past.   But a plastic cased
consumer grade scanner from Radio Shack may be detectable a half mile
away... or more...

@_date: 1998-02-10 13:11:52
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: SOFT TEMPEST (fwd) 
seconds the processing gain from integration of the signal verus the uncorrelated noise over thousands of cycles gets quite interesting. And
add to that the tricks one can do with comb filters and combining
together the correllated energy from several harmonics of the dot clock
one can see that getting signal out from under the trash is easy even at
considerable distances.   It has, in fact, been speculated that the
larger NSA geo and near geosync ELINT/COMINT satellites probably have
the required capability to accomplish this from orbit (with football
field sized antennas this isn't out of the question at all).
some extremely expensive HP synthesizer (often of course available for
a few dollars at the local ham radio flea markets in any case), but
simply a good voltage controlled crystal oscillator on the right frequency.
These are $5 parts...

@_date: 1998-03-06 20:09:59
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: RE: Crypto as contraband 
References: X-Mailer: Mutt 0.85
items posted to this very list:
of 1998, passed by the House 414 to 1....
 "(4) Any person who manufactures, assembles, modifies, imports, exports,
 sells, or distributes any electronic, mechanical, or other device or
 equipment, knowing or having reason to know that the device or equipment ..."
 .... clause concerning satellite  piracy gear omited .....
 " , or is intended for any receipt, interception, divulgence, publication, or
 utilization of any communication in violation of subsection (a), shall
 be fined not more than $500,000 for each violation, or imprisoned for
 not more than 5 years for each violation, or both. For purposes of all
 penalties and remedies established for violations of this paragraph, the
 prohibited activity established herein as it applies to each such device
 shall be deemed a separate violation."
Subsection a:  " ....... No person not being authorized by the sender shall
 intentionally intercept any radio communication *or* divulge or publish
 the existence, contents, substance, purport, effect, or meaning of such
 intercepted communication to any person..........." itself criminal]
 "Nothing in this subsection prohibits an interception or disclosure of a
  communication as authorized by chapter 119 of title 18, United States
  Code."      	  [which covers broadcast, ham, marine, aviation. governmental,
and communications readily accessible to the general public, whatever
that means]
radio gear capable of intercepting banned radio communications, it
provides extremely stiff felony level penalties for manufacturing,
assembling, modifying, importing, exporting, selling, or distributing
any radio receiving gear that might be construed to be intended for
receipt or interception of any radio communications not on the allowed
list.  And these penalties apply to each individual sale.
stranger for cash - a scanner legally purchased from Radio Shack in the
era  before cell phone frequencies were outlawed on scanners -  could
conceivably result in a $500,000 fine and a five year jail term.  And
Lord knows what horrible penalties could be assessed against innocent
people selling the sort of oddball specialized communications gear and
test equipment that are the stock in trade of many of the more
interesting ham fests and swapmeets [MIT's monthly fleas for example].
but most sales of gear at hamfests and the like are anonymous cash
transactions between total strangers with every possiblity that the guy a
table over with the video camera is filming your sale for evidence.
basements with communications monitoring and decoding software and
hardware, manufacture and assembly have been defined in other federal
cases to include merely writing software for one's own use. Surely this
would apply to creating cryptanalysis software for any form of radio
communications at all, since it is not legal to intercept any radio
communications that are "scrambled or encrypted".  And there is no
exception made for research and development or academic purposes.
merely want to tinker with their radios and occasionally explore what is
out there in the ether by passively and in private receiving radio
signals as they have to gun owners, who at least possess a weapon
capable of doing some serious harm.  And there is not a single sentance
in the legislation providing any kind of encouragement for the use of
cryptography to protect the privacy of openly broadcast signals
receivable for miles around, let alone mandating it.

@_date: 1998-03-08 13:35:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
take issue with this.  I found plenty of technical papers in the Bell
System Technical Journal proudly describing so called SF E&M signalling
(which uses 2600 hz) in great detail, along with MFKP  (blue box tones)
and the whole signalling and switching architecture of the (then) Bell
system. They were proud of what they had developed and quite willing to
share it with the technical community - it was no dark secret at all. There was even a technical paper that described in detail a bizzare two
frequency one transistor oscillator that allowed them to build what was
essentially a blue box into a operator console keypad.
with devious twisted hacker style imaginations  and the spook agency
types had ever asked what might happen if you sent these in-band tones
down the line from a subscriber telephone at just the right (or wrong)
moments, and what it might be possible to do with this knowlage.  Nobody else knew or cared to find out what might happen if...
with protecting it don't think about how to defeat the protections they
put in place because they are linear thinkers hobbled by the idea that
everyone will do only the most obvious things.  But I really think that
they perfectly well know that current software can be easily patched to
defeat controls, and that there is little they can do  about it.  Nor is
the threat from software patches to Netscape really likely to endanger
much, since there is already a lot of software like PGP available that
is already strong.  In fact I rather suspect that they are quite happy
to see that patch in ciculation since it substantially bolsters their
long held insistance that all crypto be implemented in tamperproof
hardware chips and not software.
happens when future tamperproof Intel CPUs acquire the ability to run
encrypted code decrypted inside the processor and all copies of Windows
2001 are completely unpatchable and opaque (without breaking the crypto)
and nicely jiggered to enforce rules about what programs are allowed to
do what or even run at all.

@_date: 1998-03-08 14:47:10
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
(who is alleged to have started out in business by pirating and selling
DEC software as a high school student) has a particularly keen desire to
control the widespread piracy of MS products.  His aggressive pushes to
assert his property rights are well known (and not atypical of reformed
sinners if the probably apocryphal report is true). software, has a very strong incentive to push for implementation of
copyright controls and smartcard authentication for its products into
the basic architecture of PCs.  And guess what - it controls the high
level architecture of the worlds PCs pretty much entirely by its
monopoly control of the major operating systems that run on them.   So
it seems frighteningly likely that Microsoft - which would stand to gain
a lot of money now lost to piracy from such a feature - will very gladly
do all it can to see that crypto based strong copyright enforcement is
built into the hardware and inner regions of the operationg system of
Wintel systems.
the inner kernel be unmodifiable (easy to do with digital signatures),
and probably kept extremely secret (easy to do with crypto).  In such an
environment it is awfully easy to strike a deal with the government that
adds a little piece or two of code in that black inner space in exchange
for a bending a bit on anti-trust enforcement.

@_date: 1998-03-08 17:59:18
@_author: die@die.com 
@_subject: Re: Encryption export controls are a rationalization of a "cheat" 
with cellphones is that people have cellphones.  And cellphones are
generally not designed to be tamperproof (in many cases little or no
effort in this cost competitive market has gone into this) so making
a real cellphone serve as the front end to a snooping system has and will
be done and in fact be the easiest hack engineering solution.
and are keenly interested in other people's affairs.  All of us are
to some degree - witness the feeding frenzy over the Monica affair -
and some guestimates have estimated that perhaps as much as 40% of
analog cell calls near large cities are being eavesdropped on by
at least one other person.
depiction of the mysterious "hacker" long haired mad kid intent on evil
invasion of the worlds computers is helping create the illusion
that there is a separate techno criminal class.  But the reality is
that more and more people are crossing the barriers that the older lawyers
in congress never tried to cross and learning something about technology and software.   And these people are the guy next door with the cute
kids, not fringe crazies.   And the evil net allows information to
become available much more widely than before.
in what the US people will tolerate.  They hate the idea of being spied open
but buy nanny cams and gobble up spy novels and TV shows.   They purchase
millions of police scanners and react in horror when Linda Tripp tapes a conversation to protect her ass.   And they expect the US government
to be on top of events around the world and have inside knowlage of other governments and react in horror when their spies are unmasked
within our walls, and their eavesdropping gets shown on the nightly
news.  And cities install more and more cameras and bosses read more
email and listen to more calls on business phones every year.
effort has gone into frank deception, and active determined efforts to block
those of us who have been fighting for incorperating at least minimal
crypto communications security into the infrastructure.
longer possible to control the flow of information and news about communications security and crypto, and slowly the holes will get
  People do get more
for the last chance... and why congress is busily passing anti scanner
bills to solve the cellphone privacy problem that don't mention a thing
about cryptography.
enough ceremony the public will see the emporer's clothes

@_date: 1998-03-09 18:29:04
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: EU plans decryption ban 
because of the potential first amendment issues, but there are (and have
been since the late 1980s)  felony level bans with $500,000 fines for
each incident  on the manufacture, assembly, modification, import,
export, sale and distribution of any device or equipment primarily of
assistance in the unauthorized decryption of satellite cable programming
or direct to home satellite.
video transmissions that are scrambled or encrypted can be prosecuted
under current law as a felony.

@_date: 1998-03-11 14:26:07
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Cryptography 
of the threat, Is this really true ?   The technical people I know who work
for the government seem to get salaries that would be low in industry
for someone with that background.
really making the $60-95K that ordinary senior engineers designing bus
drivers make around here (the NE).  If they are, they are getting lots
more than other municipal employees such as school teachers with masters
degrees. (In fact, I've heard that demand had recently driven salaries
in the valley way up and maybe my numbers for engineers are low,
especially for software engineers.)
exempt professionals but  allows companies to treat them as just cannon
fodder workers stuffed into cubicles and treated with little of the
respect the term professional would suggest - to be forced to work large
amounts of completely uncompensated overtime. Bus drivers (non exempt)
do get paid for every minute they are on the job, and many times work
schedules are deliberately arranged to guarantee significant amounts of
overtime at time and a half, so many bus drivers actually make a
significant multiple of their nominal salary for the same hours
engineers get base salary and no more.
managers and legal types and others in government whose private sector
equivalents get huge salaries do work at a considerable loss.  Salaries
for top of the heap government employees such as judges and managers
of large departments with budgets in the tens or hundreds of millions
rarely get more than $150K, whereas similar people would get much
more in the private sector.
workers are one of the very few classes of workers left in the economy
who have any actual job security long term at all.

@_date: 1998-03-11 14:47:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: [LEGAL] Crypto as Contraband? 
anybody know how this would apply to crypto (such as PGP) available in
source form ?   Would only binaries produced by compiling the source
before the cutoff date be legal ?  Or would compiling the source under a
new version of the OS or new OS or even new instruction set (ISA-64 on a
Merced for example) merely constitute reasonable use of the existing
source product ? How about mechanical translations of the object to
another environment or instruction set ?   And what level of patches,
bug fixes, or actual changes and improvements to the source would be
legal if it was legal to compile the source and use the resulting binary
after the cutoff ?

@_date: 1998-03-20 10:14:58
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: reference 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
blind the opponent, perhaps even sometimes at critical times when that
can induce him to behave dangerously - but I fail to see how a cipher in
and of itself is a weapon of destruction, let alone mass destruction.  I
see crypto as an entirely defensive weapon with no potential to destroy
anything (except perhaps data when the key gets lost or forgotten).
together with a wirewrap tool - which isn't really the tool one would
want to assemble HERF or HPM destructive weapons with in any case
since wirewrap wire can barely handle an amp or so max...

@_date: 1998-03-30 14:04:08
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Rivest's Wheat & Chaff - A crypto alternative 
radio signal privacy and restrictions on scanners and receiving
radio signals without authority, the other (HR2460 and S493) concerns
use of scanners to capture ESNs for the purposes of cloning cellphones.
Both passed the House, and the anti-cloning bill also passed the Senate.
ban mere possession of cell capable scanners.  It bans manufacture,
assembly, sale, import, export, or distribution of *any* radio equipment
(not just cellphone capable scanners) "intended" for the unauthorized
receipt, interception, or divulgance of communications in violation of
the amended section 605 (which bans interception or divulgance rather
than the previous *and* divulgance).  This very clearly does not ban
possession, and also very clearly speaks to intent.   What this
draconian language means with respect to a wide band radio receiver such
as a scanner that can tune in certain signals it is not legal to listen
to is not clear at the moment, as it turns on what "intended" means. Penalties for violation of this are 5 years in jail and $500,000 fine
per sale... (the law was basicly expanded from one forbidding the sale
of satellite TV piracy gear - and similar language has been the law
since 1988, but less clear).
Senate Commerce Committee and has not been marked up - apparently Sen
Hollings of SC has put a hold on it for further study.
"knowingly and with *intent to defraud* uses, produces, traffics in, has
control or custody of, or possess" a scanning receiver "to intercept an
electronic serial number, mobile identification number or other
identifier of any telecommunications service, equipment or instrument. This later bill clearly concerns ESN theft for purposes of cloning, but
it is broad enough so it conceivably might be applied to possession of
radio receivers capable of capturing any kind of identifying information
for any radio signal - but I think it is probably true that there would
have to be a specific demonstrable intent to defraud demonstrated before
a conviction under this language could happen.  This bill is tough,
however, and does provide for "forfeiture of any personal property used
or intended to be used to commit the offense".
software, knowing it has been configured to insert or modify
telecommunications identifying  information associated with or contained
in a telecommunications instrument so that such instrument may be used
to obtain telecommunications service without authorization".  No
requirement of intent to defraud need be demonstrated here, but there is
an affirmative defense "(which the defendant must establish by a
preponderance of the evidence) that the conduct charged was engaged in
for research or development in connection with a lawful purpose."
of software.   And they can take seize your computer, your car, and Lord
knows what else if they find the illegal software on your laptop hard drive.
They need not prove you had any intention of using it to clone cellphones,
just that you knew it was configured for illegal ESN alteration and you did
not have it for "research and development in connection with a lawful     [S493}  amends section 1029 of Title 18 of the United States Code, relating
    to fraud and related activity in connection with access devices. The
    bill amends subsection (a)(8) of section 1029 by deleting the `intent to
    defraud' requirement which exists under current law in order to prove a
    violation of that section. This section relates to persons who knowingly
    use, produce, traffic in, have custody or control of, or possess
    hardware or software which has been configured for altering or modifying
    a telecommunications instrument. As a result of the amendments made by
    the bill, in order to prove a violation of section 1029, law enforcement
    officials will no longer have to prove that a defendant possessing such
    hardware or software did so with the intent to defraud another person.     The amendment to the statute is being made because law enforcement
    officials occasionally have been thwarted in proving true violations of
    the statute by the `intent to defraud' requirement. But as the hardware
    and software in question can be used only for the purpose of altering or
    modifying telecommunications instruments, persons other than those
    working in the telecommunications industry have no legitimate reason to
    possess the equipment. Therefore, requiring the government to prove an
    `intent to defraud' in order to prove a violation of the section for
    possessing this equipment is not necessary. By eliminating this
    requirement from existing law this bill will make it easier to obtain
    convictions against criminals who possess this equipment before they
    actually use it for illegal purposes.     The statute, as amended, also does not prohibit persons from simply
    possessing equipment that only intercepts electronic serial numbers or
    wireless telephone numbers (defined as `scanning receivers' under
    section 1029, as amended by the bill). For example, companies which
    produce technology to sell to carriers or state and local governments
    that ascertains the location of wireless telephones as part of enhanced
    911 services do not violate section 1029 by their actions. Under new
    subsection (a)(8), however, it will continue to be illegal to use,
    produce, traffic in, have custody or control of, or possess a scanning
    receiver if such act was done with the intent to defraud another person.
    This also is current law, and it remains unchanged by the bill. entities.   Ask any of the dealers and manufacturers of cellphone
interception gear and high end scanners who buys this stuff (with cell
phone band enabled).   Lots of LEA types have this gear, some of which
is specialized enough so it could have no other purpose.
encrypted years ago), but fraud costs them big money.

@_date: 1998-04-16 18:38:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: GSM cellphones cloned---Threats? 
a surface mount high density low cost phone PC board.  A lot of the
stuff required is in ASICs in a typical phone, and they are not in
general easily adapted to playing a different role even if the full
design database and phone schematics are available to the hacker which
it would not be.
phone  could be used to fill a number of functions in such an animal,
and a couple of partially stripped GSM phone PC cards would certainly be
useful as part of such.  I would see such a probe base station as a
briefcase size object run by a laptop or powerful palmtop spliced into
two or three hacked up phone PC cards with some added signal processing
logic in a FPGA or two (and maybe an added RF modem chip as well).
and more adaptable, although the 1.9 ghz PCS US versions are mostly
pretty recent.   And there may be some universal multi-standard brand
that is much more software configured than others and might be an easier
jumping off place - I certainly have not investigated this at all (nor
do I expect to).
weakened to allow such SIM probing.   Intelligence agencies are not in
general  interested in cloning, but for those without access to whatever
magic hardware (or software) exists for cracking A5/1 at low cost in
real time, the ability to once recover the SIM secret allows easy
listening to all subsequent calls from that phone (or SIM) with no
required cracking hardware time or access.  And this is very valuable in
lots of situations, such as covert operations out of hotels in foreign
places where having highly classified A5 cracking boxes in tow would be
a significant security risk.
on visiting diplomats, heads of state, or trade delegations who are using
their GSM phones in a roaming mode and depending on the fact the GSM home
switching office does not disclose their long term secret, such probing can
be quietly concealed in the real traffic of a legitimate base station.
The secrets recovered can then be used to crack traffic back in the
visitor's home country where he may be trusting his local system to
be secure.
nearby hotel rooms and recover their secrets must be awfully useful to
many even third rate intelligence operations - this allows listening to
all their subsequent traffic without requiring an A5/1 cracking
capability at all - let alone one that works real time from low cost
portable units.
would catch or prevent enough probes to crack the SIM secret, your physical access method allows black bag jobs to recover the SIM secret
of phones left poorly guarded for a few hours.   This alone
is very obviously of great use to intelligence types (at least unless
there is some hardware backdoor in the SIM to allow the readout in
seconds rather than hours).

@_date: 1998-04-17 14:52:35
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Position escrow 
technology (AKA FCC mandated E-911 emergency call location reporting), the  April 1998 Issue of IEEE Communications Magazine is a special issue
devoted to the subject of locating cellphones and other personal
wireless devices that radiate rf.
location of a caller accurate to within 125 meters at least 67% of the
time.  And the industry seems to be moving toward DTOA and other passive
triangulation techniques rather than making cell phones simply contain a
GPS receiver. This of course means that the network will be able to
locate a cellphone whenever it radiates anything at all, rather than
asking it for its position only under certain emergency circumstances
such as an E-911 call. And all cell and PCS phones and some pagers can be
interrogated by the network and commanded to silently respond with a
registration message without user intervention or knowlage as part of
the mechanism by which the cell system locates the correct cell site to
put an incoming call for the phone on.  Thus passive tracking of the
location of  any cellphone that is turned on with 125 meter accuracy
will become a feature of most cell and PCS  networks, a feature presumably subject to at least some law enforcement access via the CALEA
such tracking, is there any reason to believe that law enforcement and other more shadowy groups won't find the necessary "terrorist, drug
dealer, etc" crisis to gain secret access to this capability ?

@_date: 1998-05-11 13:55:42
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: 3Com switches - undocumented access level.] 
switch implemented at all - they cost some amount of money and room in
the box, and there were those who held that having a switch there could
invite nervous diddlers to reset the machine causing a crash.   So having
several was harder to sell.  We eventually settled on two, one which would
reset to defaults when pressed at the same time as the other which simply
rebooted.   The need to reset a box whose configuration was terminally screwed up to factory defaults was acutely felt by the support people, who had to pay a lot to swap out or service onsite a box that someone had
misconfigured so it wouldn't talk to its serial ports (which was
unfortunately possible).
would have been much happier with a switch that just magicly reset
passwords, since that would have allowed someone with a moments
unguarded physical access to the box in a wiring closet somewhere to get
in (perhaps hours later from a safe haven via the network) without
necessarily causing a  disruption that might be noticed and investigated
(and not everyone back then had reliable SNMP management and alarms
running).  The solution we chose forced someone with that kind of
transient physical accesss to completely take the machine off line for
minutes or hours while restoring the configuration which was much
likelier to be observed (and required the intruder know the old
configuration in the first place).  We felt this made our reset switches
less of a hazard from 30 second quicky attacks - attacks much easier
to pull off than having enough time connected to the box on a terminal
or laptop to restore the old configuration. that the person calling tech support was legit (callbacks, lists of
contact names and so forth) but there is probably little doubt that a
clever social engineer could perhaps have gotten a box password that
way - although there would certainly have been a trail left that could
have been followed.   For the paraniod we encouraged use of dial up
modems on the console port rather than network access.
fortunately not a very common occurance, and generally was noted and
investigated. While our hash wasn't wonderful, I don't think it would
have been easy to obtain enough password/router pairs by calling tech
support to break it that way.  Would have been much easier to obtain a box
and disassemble the code.   And that would have left no trail.

@_date: 1998-09-25 19:03:31
@_author: David Emery 
@_subject: arms collectors... 
Washington Times, 25 Sep 98
Operable missile seized in customs
By Bill Gertz THE WASHINGTON TIMES
U.S.  and British authorities are investigating how a Russian-design
Scud missile was imported illegally by a weapons collector in
California, The Washington Times has learned.
"This is a full-blown missile," said John Hensley, a senior agent of the
U.S.  Customs Service in Los Angeles.  "The only thing missing is the
A Scud B missile and its mobile transporter-erector launcher --minus the
warhead -- were seized Sept.  2 by customs agents in Port Hueneme,
Calif., about 35 miles north of Los Angeles, said officials familiar
with the case.
The missile system was licensed for importation by the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.  But paperwork in the case was falsified,
and the missile system was not "demilitarized" -- rendered inoperable --
as required by import rules, Mr.  Hensley told The Times.
British customs officials are investigating the seller, a small firm
outside London, and U.S.  investigators are questioning an arms
collector from Portola Valley, Calif., near Palo Alto, who bought the
system, Mr.  Hensley said.
The missile transfer has raised fears about the proliferation of weapons
of mass destruction and missile-delivery systems.  It also could be an
embarrassment for the Clinton administration, which is engaged in a
major international diplomatic effort to halt missile exports by Russia
and China to the Middle East.  The importation raises questions about
U.S.  national security controls.
Mr.  Hensley said U.S.  military experts examined the missile and
determined that it was produced in Czechoslovakia in 1985.  The missile
was identified as an SS-1C, which the Pentagon has designated as a Scud
Transfers of missiles like the Scud B, with a range of 186 miles, are
banned under the international export agreement known as the Missile
Technology Control Regime.
Customs officials said the missile was not identified until it was
driven off the British freighter that delivered it and an inspector
called customs agents to examine it.
Such weapons can be imported but must first be cut up with a blowtorch
so they can never be reassembled.
The officials identified the buyer only as a wealthy man who is a U.S.
citizen.  He is a legitimate arms collector -- apparently not linked to
terrorists or illicit arms dealers.  But the false paperwork has raised
questions about the deal and prompted the U.S. investigation.
that had been properly rendered inoperable.  But a photograph of that
missile was attached to the illegal system, seized Sept.  2, in an
effort to fool customs officials.
After examining the missile, customs agents called the ATF and were
surprised to learn that an ATF license had been issued for the missile
"We thought they were nuts," said one official close to the case.  The
missile system is being stored at the Navy's Pacific Missile Testing
Center in nearby Point Mugu, near Oxnard, where it has been impounded.
John D'Angelo, an ATF agent in Los Angeles, had no official comment on
the case.  "Routinely, the ATF and U.S.  Customs Service examine items
to determine their suitability for importation under federal
regulations," he said.  "We have not yet completed the inspection of
this importation and therefore can't discuss it."
The SS-1 Scud is a liquid-fueled missile that is among the most widely
deployed weapons in the world.  It is in service with more than 16
nations.  Iraq's military forces were able to extend the range of the
missile, which was fired extensively during the 1991 Persian Gulf war.
The chassis of the missile's launcher was identified as a MAZ-543 truck
used commonly by the former Soviet and Warsaw Pact forces for
short-range missiles.
"The guidance was totally intact and the engine was ready to go," Mr.
Hensley said.  "All you needed to do was strap on a garbage can full of
C-4 and you had a weapon." C-4 is military high explosive.
Concerning how the missile was handled by the British firm, Mr.  Hensley
said, "It is illegal to import this into the U.K., so the Brits are
wondering how this guy got this company to do this."
Investigators suspect the missile may have been bought in Europe on the
black market.
"Our concern is not so much that [the buyer] might have a licensing
problem," Mr.  Hensley said.  "It's just that in the aftermath of the
embassy bombings in Africa and the Oklahoma City bombing, that this
could be a real problem."
The Customs Service is intensifying its efforts to check for illegal
imports of such weapons, he said.
Stephen Bryen, a former Pentagon technology-transfer official, said
weapons like the Scud must be fully dismantled before they can be
allowed into the country.
"You have to worry anytime somebody brings a missile into the United
States, whatever cover it might be," Mr.  Bryen said. He noted that
terrorists or rogue states could use such collectors to acquire missiles

@_date: 1998-10-11 10:10:00
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: DESX 
adds to DES ?  How would one break it in a practical cracker machine ?

@_date: 1998-11-02 05:14:26
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST laptops 
suppress the RF emissions of some commericial network gear I designed -
to make it pass FCC B and VDE certification - let me say this is a black
art and no fun.  There are sophisticated electromagnetics programs that
can sometimes succeed in modeling the radiation from a computer system,
but they are very expensive and inputting all the required information
is painful or downright impossible (data just not available or in a
usable format), so this nasty job usually gets done seat of the pants
style using rules of thumb and educated guesses and hard won experiance and lots of trial and error.  The job consists of attaching lossy
ferrite beads, copper tape and other RF and common mode current supressing
devices, shielding plastic packages with spray metallic coatings, adding
screws and other fasteners to bond stuff together better, changing
grounding around within the box to put RF currents in places they don't
get to the outside of the package, use of  ICs that switch more
softly, adding filters to connectors for external cables, changing
layout of PC boards to better shield hot traces, changing the shape of
the metal chassis to act as a better shield and ground plane  and so
forth.  And unless one has access to the best modeling programs, predicting
exactly what a given change will do is a really obscure art...
tool is a broadband spectrum analyzer or special EMC receiver with
quasipeak filters and special calibrated wideband dipole antennas that
have known gain and pattern characteristics.  Isolating of radiating
sites is often done with near field probes or sniffers attached to the
spectrum analyzer that allow hot spots to be tracked to within a few cm.
Often in order to get enough sensitivity one also needs special
preamps, and a RF quiet site where signals from the DUT aren't drowned
out by pagers and cellphones and emissions from nearby computers.   A
good bit of this work is done way out in the country under non-metallic
fiberglass buildings that don't create reflections that confuse the
measurements.   And conducted as opposed to radiated noise is measured
with special power line filters and cable filters...
certain emissions must be suppressed to lie below useful detectablity
thresholds at some reasonable distance.  And much of the classified trickery
resides in exactly what sorts of things have been shown to carry
useable information and at what field strength that information can be
extracted and under what conditions it is not usable.  And because of
the repetitious nature of many information bearing spurious emanations,
there is some signficant emphasis on corellation and averaging out noise

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:12:51
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
radio waves.  And masers are a fairly obscure technology for amplifiying
weak microwave signals in cryogenicly cooled devices.  Both deal with
electomagnetic radiation and obey Maxwells laws ....
called a stirrer that sits directly in the beam of energy from the
magnetron and is designed to reflect microwave energy bouncing around
the cavity and change the standing wave pattern as it rotates, resulting
in much more even distribution of energy.   Without the stirrer hots
spots would be much worse...
the wavelength of the energy in question, thus the edges of the top will
act to scatter energy in all directions...
when changes in the current flowing happen.   Thus radiation occurs only
when the TTL signal changes state, not during either its high voltage or
low volage state.  The amplitude of the current step is determined by
the impedance of the circuit and how fast the logic switches and how
great the voltage or current swing is , and how effectively it gets
radiated is determined by the geometry of the conductor and its
sourounding ohjects.  EM radiation results only from changes in the
magnetic and electric fields, not from their steady state values.   Thus
it is entirely meaningless to talk of the change in steady state values
as only "3 db" when no radiation results from either the steady high or
steady low value.   And indeed near the conductor, the energy radiated
from the current step will be 100 db greater than the ambiant (decibels
are relative units, thus it is meaningless to talk of "radiating a rf
signal that is 100 db").

@_date: 1998-12-01 04:14:50
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
for something transient like the swap ?   Might just as well choose a
completely random key (from /dev/urandom perhaps) and make every effort
to erase and forget it on system shutdown or crash.  In fact an algorithm
that initialized a crypto engine and then forgot the key used would
be ideal, provided only that it remains possible to recover blocks of
swap out of order from the order they were written in (they are quite
likely to get swapped back in a very different order than they were
written out, so simple stream ciphers are hard to use).
of the OS, except of course for snooping and debugging crashes.
swap may get initialized before a lot of randomness gets collected on
startup.   One might have to start encrypting swap after it was enabled
(but probably before much actual swapping).

@_date: 1998-11-08 20:20:40
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Spy News 
are thus repeaterless in that sense rather than depending on the loss of
a single passive fiber being small enough to work all the way across
the pond.   But one supposes the technology of tapping the cables must
have been developed, though indeed a lot harder because one has to
actually dig into the cable (and deal with the high voltage for powering
the amplifiers and so forth) and tap the individual fibers with quantum
coupling type taps.   And one supposes the taps are more detectable.
The whole issue may be moot by virtue of the extent to which the carriers
are in bed with UKUSA anyway, however, as there aren't very many fiber
cables run by unfreindly parties unwilling to part with the bitstream...
