
@_date: 1994-06-19 15:36:42
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Cell phone tracking 
>  >  > It looks like at least some switches in Amerika are already equipped
 >  > to read out locations for individual phones.   >  > This is not actually that surprising.  All they need is to know which
 > phones are using a band on a cell site, and they narrow the search
 > down to a relatively small area.  I seriously doubt that they can do
 > triangulation (I mean, they *could*, but there's not much likelihood
 > that the cellular operators would incorporate something complicated
 	A company I am familiar with which does specialized classified
 interception systems for the NSA and other TLA's has built just such a
 system for the TLAs.  	It can locate a cellphone to within a few feet just as soon
 as it starts transmitting - it uses time of arrival techniques to  triangulate the cell phone's position.
 	How many of these are installed and where I do not know, but
 the technology has been developed and is in use. The system is multi-channel
 and can keep track of many cellphones at once - but as a practical
 matter it isn't hard to monitor the control channels and paging channels
 to locate the phone of interest and identify which of the 866 channels
 it is transmitting on so even simple doppler DF technology might work.
 	Considering that the LA area is the biggest cellular market in
 the country it wouldn't surprise me that some of the these systems
 are installed there.
 	And in the future Phil Karn's company Qualcomm's CDMA digital
 cellphones will provide few feet accuracy position as a byproduct of the
 spread spectrum receive correlator operation on every transmitting phone
 within range of more than one cell receiving site unless they actually
 aviod trying to make the measurement.  Most of the time more than one
 cell site tracks a given phone so they can vote on which one has the
 stronger signal - given that each of these sites has a precise estimate
 of the time of arrival of transissions from each phone it takes little
 more than netting of the time base (with GPS ?) between the cell sites to
 detemine cellphone positions since the positions of the cell site
 antennas are well known.  I suspect that if the hardware and software to
 do this (mostly software) is not part of the current base station that
 certain TLAs will pay to have it developed and implemented.

@_date: 1994-08-03 22:11:53
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Radio Encryption 
FCC permit encryption, especially if the license applicant can show some
need.  As far as I am aware, there are absolutely no requirements in
the FCC regulations mandating key escrow, disclosure, or retention or
any restrictions on the strength or type of crypto used.  At most there
may be a requirement to disclose the type and/or technical details of
the crypto system as part of a license filing, but no requirement for key
disclosure at any time. exception to this rule.  Hams are not permitted to encrypt or
deliberately obscure the meaning of a communication by any other
technique.  This is usually justified as a measure to protect the
amateur radio service against abuse by commercial interests who might
otherwise be able to transmit encrypted traffic on ham frequencies with
relative impugnity, and as a means of ensuring that the rules and
regulations can be enforced.  This regulation probably had its origin in
the 1920s or 1930s, however, and may have been originally actually
primarily intended to prevent use of coded long distance radio
communications by rum-runners and spies. microwave and domestic satellite systems use encryption or at least
provide it as an option; I have never heard of any requirement for key
escrow or disclosure here either.  And, of course, an increasing number
of radio delivered broadcast or multicast services such as stock
quotations and sports scores transmitted over SCA subcarriers and
satellite transmissions of cable TV programming and sports events are
being encrypted to protect the commercial interests of the copyright
holders against real or imagined losses from piracy.  I do not know
whether cypherpunks believe in intellectual property or not, but to many
others this is understandable, and in fact more understandable than
passing laws making mere interception of radio signals a crime. the current analog cell phone system from transmitting strongly
encrypted data with a modem over a voice channel or even low bit rate
encrypted digital voice.  This is not illegal or restricted by any US or
state tariffs that I have ever heard of. completely unlicensed use (notably the band between 902-928 mhz) by
devices radiating limited power.  Devices operating in this band may use
any kind of encryption the user desires and do not require anything
other than FCC type approval (you can't build them yourself or modify
them without going through a formal (and expensive) type approval
process however).  Using correct antennas and a path free of major
obstuctions such as hills or a large building these spread spectrum
devices can securely communicate over ranges measured in miles without
any kind of license being required. open up to low power unlicensed use, again without any restrictions on
encryption.  encrypted HT's on the itinerant VHF frequencies allocated for temporary
business at random places use by such things as road-show crews and
construction companies; all he had to do was explain that he bids at
surplus auctions and needs to keep his future bids confidential and he
got the license without trouble.  He certainly has had no requirement
to disclose or archive the keys he uses or even certify that the radios
are actually using DES in a particular mode (he could use 3-DES).
within the domestic US is restricted or forbidden by treaty or even
inaccessible to private citizens of ordinary means.   Encrypted international
radio communications may be another matter, however, but domestic stuff
is fine.

@_date: 1994-08-07 14:36:58
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
card transactions are on-line verified - it would take relatively little
additional effort to capture additional transaction details including ID
from our spiffy new national ID card and a more specific description of
what was bought.  And many supermarkets around here now do a substantial
part of their business via debit or credit cards and checks - the added
burden of converting everything over to watchable on-line electronic
transactions is probably not measured in percent per transaction but in
fractions of a percent.  The major investment in on line retail
infrastructure has already been made in most cases, what needs to be added
is just some additional software and a more legally binding ID card.
providing security for it and so forth is actually quite comparable to
costs of such a cashless electronic regime.  Outlawing cash is indeed
(unfortunately) quite practical. electronic surveillance and monitoring by the TLAs is licit or illict, I
would name the credit card authorization data streams.  Probably that
and interbank wire and check clearing transfers consitute much the
largest cross section of data being watched regularly.   And I am unclear
as to whether such surveillance, with the tacit consent of the banks and
credit card companies of course, is obviously and specifically illegal.

@_date: 1994-08-09 23:24:53
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Satellite Cellphones 
the satellite will be used to directly connect a remote user to a ground
based MTSO (switch) which will actually route the call out over land
lines or another satellite link.  This implies that the satellite is not
being used as a classical bent-pipe repeater linking the transmitter of
one satellite phone to the receiver of another, but rather as a space
born cell-site linked to the MTSO via a separate radio system on a
completely different frequency band not unlike the terrestrial microwave
links that link most cell sites to the current MTSOs. bypass the switch and use the satellite directly to relay his
communications to another satellite phone, just as there is no way in
the current analog AMPS/NAMPS cellphone system for a user on one
cellphone to talk directly to another cellphone without going through a
cell site relay and the MTSO switch.  Thus the switch can always serve
as a gateway authenticating users, and providing billing and access
control services. does some measure of on-board switching between the mobile terminal
uplinks and downlinks, this switching is almost certainly going to be
controlled and managed from the ground even if the actual traffic path
goes only through one or more satellites.   And hopefully, someone has
already thought of the problem of a user of a satellite switched link
having his direct satellite link taken over by a higher powered bad guy
perhaps only for a few seconds to transmit a burst of data to
a confederate monitoring the downlink.
different from the problem of current terrestrial cell phone access
security - namely that a remote user coming from somewhere out there
and preporting to be a legitimate subscriber requests a connection
over a very unsecure link subject to both easy monitoring and various
kinds of spoofing.   Obviously this is a very natural place to apply
cryptographic authentication technology such as zero knowlage proofs.
the current AMPS cellular system in the US are due to a very bad design
decision 15-20 years ago to not use some form of strong encryption of the
authentication exchanges between the mobile phone and the switch. Instead all of these take place completely in the clear, including
transmission of the ESN (electronic serial number) which is the only
trully unique ID a cellphone contains.  Thus anyone with trivially
simple equipment (basically a scanner and a PC and a very simple
interface card) can determine the ESN and MIN (telephone number) of
someone elses cellphone by listening in to its tranmissions and use
these to make fraudulant calls charged to that number. messages under a fixed cell or system wide key, most of this fraud would
have been too difficult for all but those with much better things to do
with their time and resources to attempt (assuming some elementary common sense in the design of the message formats to thwart simple
replay attacks).
designed using the concepts well known now for proper crytographic
authentication and resistance to spoofing and replay attacks would be so
rare as to be unimportant compared to other losses.  In such a system
security of the authentication information would no doubt be the major
risk, as the designers of the European GSM system seem to indicate with
their choice of a removable smartcard security module (token) that can be
carried on one's person.
encryption without direct monitoring.   And for data transmission as
opposed to voice, this is a very hard problem since some considerable
fraction of data transmitted is such things as compressed binaries and images and things in unusual formats which don't lend themselves to easy
automatic recognition at low cost.

@_date: 1994-08-11 19:38:37
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Satellite Cellphones 
the system that I'm aware of (at least in technical journals I see) so I'm
apparently out of date on how the current system works.
not a subscriber is a very big one.  No doubt IRIDIUM service will cost
more per minute than some current ripoff prime time AMPS cellular costs
and even perhaps in the outrageous INMARSAT ($>6.00 minute) range and is
unlikely to replace all but a small fraction of current wired phones and
terrestrial cell phones, let alone the hordes of PCS and cable company
phone connections coming in the near future.  So on a statistical basis
an IRIDIUM subscriber is rather unlikely to be calling another IRIDIUM
subscriber.  I will grant you that if IRIDIUM becomes competitive in
remote areas that a certain amount of remote area to nearby remote area
traffic will be IRIDIUM transported, but my guess is that nevertheless
most IRIDIUM traffic will be to numbers outside the system and thus go
via the MTSO equivalent. plans to do about pirates who wait for an IRIDIUM to IRIDIUM call to set
up and then take over the uplink with higher power (probably just using high
gain steerable antennas would do this fine) and talk on someone else's nickel.
voice/data stream to baseband and switches it as digital data rather
than rf that it would be possible to incorperate cryptographic
authentication of the packets and have the satellite borne switch check
all its packet streams for valid user id.  But of course this adds a
weight and power penalty to the satellites...  Do you know if this
problem been thought of and addressed or is it being assumed to be as
impossible as AMPS cellular spoofing apparently seemed to be to the
developers of that system ?

@_date: 1994-08-11 20:02:34
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: Are Remailers Liable for What They Remail? 
anonymous remailers are a nuisance and a tool of criminals and pass laws
making remailer operators liable or outlawing remailers entirely ?
Considering the things that have been outlawed for flimsy reasons in the
US recently (eg assault weapons, some kinds of scanners) I find it nieve
to presume that anonymous remailers will remain legal.  They are just
too much of a temptation to libelers and slanderers, software pirates,
information thieves, blackmailers, extortionists, tax evaders etc.  And
their perceived positive uses so weak by comparision that I predict that
within a very few years providing an anonymous mail service will either
be strictly illegal or require logging of user ID's and screening of
traffic for legality.

@_date: 1994-08-11 22:45:48
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Is there a more recent text of Digital Telephone bill available / 
on the Internet ?   one was only a draft as of approximately August 1 and there have been
reports of changes ....

@_date: 1994-08-15 20:54:39
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: RemailNet 
due, in part, as I understand it to the efforts of John Gilmore.  But
most of the actual detailed operational guidelines are contained in
classified executive national security directives, most of which have
not been revealed publicly even in vague terms. Surveillance act of 1978 as amended and the ECPA (of 1986 as amended). These two Federal laws substantially tighten the definitions of permissable
national security wiretapping (and later also radiotapping in the ECPA)
which were originally contained in the Omnibus Crime and Safe Streets
act of 1968.  That is the law that for the first time spelled out the
terms and conditions under which the government could legally intercept
communications.  (All of this is contained in title 18 of the Federal
criminal code around about section 2100.)

@_date: 1994-08-16 07:03:18
@_author: EDT 
@_subject: Re: RemailNet 
Reply-To: die
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL24alpha3]

@_date: 1994-08-16 13:04:30
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: RemailNet 
1986 it was not illegal to intercept, just to divulge or use for
benefit or gain.   And, in fact, this 1934 law was essentially never enforced
and certainly never enforced against government interceptions for
intelligence purposes.    Also it only concerned radio, whereas the
loophole for digital data in the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets
act including wiretapping.

@_date: 1994-08-19 22:49:01
@_author: Dave Emery 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks-digest V1 #18 
not radio communications are in any way intrinsicly private or are by
nature public.  Outlawing listening to radio communications has always
seemed logically absurd to many thoughtful people as the ether is
intrinsicly and unavoidably an open broadcast medium with the property
that anything transmitted into it can almost always be easily received
by many many unauthorized others from spaces they have the legitimate
access to and a basic right to operate radio receivers in. and use the information received implemented in the 1934 Communications
Act was perhaps justifiable as a special artifical protection of an
infant industry in 1934 because conveniant, low cost, small, low power
and weight, user transparent, and reliable radio encryption technology
simply did not exist.  In fact it was only 8-10 years later that Bell
Labs actually implemented the first really secure vocoder based HF radio
digital voice crypto system - it took up some like 30 floor to ceiling
racks, and was obviously not something that could ever be justified for
use for the normal communications of mere mortals.  But today such
technology is so cheap, small, easily integrated, secure, and in a
digital world so completely transparent that preserving this artificial
protection for a now robust adult industry is patently absurd. actually seriously decreased the real privacy of radio communications as
it has reduced pressure to implement even rudimentary encryption, and
encouraged the view that radio is just the same as the much more
intrinsically private wired communications only without the wires. and shadowy player in this pretend radio privacy charade is the
intelligence and law enforcement community that obviously benefits
greatly from an open communication system that can be so easy covertly
monitored for the purpose of conducting searches, including many that
are very questionable or completely illegal under the constitution. services.  Is merely passively using a service broadcast by radio a
crime that should be rewarded with 5 year sentences and $250,000 fines ?
It is quite easy to argue that actively using a radio based service such
as a cellular system without authority is intrinsicly an act of fraud in
that it involves lying about one's identity to obtain a valuable
service, and criminal trespass in that it involves entering a private
virtual space without authority, but isn't the best analogy with
unauthorized listening or watching radio and tv signals not such
active intrusions but merely reading the front page of a newspaper in a
vending machine in a public place without paying for it ?
provide a service and then provides it to the public over a broadcast
channel protected only by a silly legal charade deserves any piracy he
suffers and should not be able to create the enforcable legal myth that
using the service without paying is theft.  Perhaps forbiding commerce
in encryption keys ("wizard numbers"), and technology specificly and
only intended to enable access to such a service without paying such as
pirate decoder chips and modified boards is a justifiable legitimate
protection for such businesses but outlawing the mere possession or use
of such technology is far too broad a protection for something that is
really public broadcasting and not private.
of capacity available to serve a particular cellphone, capacity which
costs capital to provide, and usually pays something for the landline
part of the calls it provides - unauthorized use of such a service does
cost the carrier something if only by degrading the quality of service
for paying subscribers.
