
@_date: 1993-03-11 18:25:01
@_author: Doug Humphrey 
@_subject: [CRYPT: Dingaling Denning & random # generators] 
This is not strictly true.  While someone might not be able to tell
that you are engaged in the act of encrypting a message, the
transmission of encrypted communications is often detectable.
Spread spectrum transmissions often look like an increase in the
noise floor of certain communications channels, prompting systems
to think that there are malfunctions, and to dispatch someone to take a look at the facility.  If they throw a spectrum analyser on it, it doesn't look like valid data in most cases, just noise.
With voice communications it is easy to recognize the patterns
that speech generates, and they look very different from the randomness that simple crypto produces.  Unless one uses a post-crypto wave shaper to simulate the amplitude changes that speech produces, it is simple to build a circut that can make a pretty accurate evaluation of voice/data/crypto going by it.
Nothing more difficult in 1993 than was the first 2600 hz
detector circut when it was put into widespread production use
in the phone network.  In fact, given that modern switches are already digitizing the signals, a little DSP hardware should make quick work of the first cut, narrowing down which lines should receive harder evaluation to see if people are trying to protect their privacy.
You under estimate some technologies ;-)
Who watches the watchmen?
It would not be trivial.  On the other hand, an order allowing the modification of the entire telephone network to allow the FBI to have "most-favored-wiretapper" status is also non-trivial, and some
are trying to make it happen.
Maybe you over-estimate technology here.  We are not talking about
breaking crypto here, just detecting it.  By its nature it changes
the overall composition of the data.  Randem data still looks random,
it is true, but a phone call represents a certain context, and within that context there is an expected behaviour pattern (or ten
or twenty behaviours, but it makes no difference).  Within the context, it can be easy to see the change that crypto brings, unless there are active means taken against it.
