
@_date: 1997-06-19 15:15:11
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: INFORMATION 
Received: (from majordom by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.5/8.7.3) id WAA08563 for cypherpunks-outgoing; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 22:25:11 -0700 Received: (from cpunks by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.5/8.7.3) id WAA08541 for cypherpunks Wed, 18 Jun 1997 22:25:04 -0700 Received: from rigel.cyberpass.net (root [206.170.114.3]) by sirius.infonex.com (8.8.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id WAA08529 for ; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 22:24:58 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from toad.com (toad.com [140.174.2.1]) by rigel.cyberpass.net (8.8.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id WAA29918 for ; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 22:23:23 -0700 (PDT)
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id VAA09031 for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 21:30:18 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from kim.teleport.com (kim.teleport.com [192.108.254.26]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id VAA09026 for ; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 21:30:14 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from kluge (ip-pdx38-11.teleport.com [204.202.160.13]) by kim.teleport.com (8.8.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id WAA07841; Wed, 18 Jun 1997 22:17:29 -0700 (PDT)
X-Sender: alano
X-Mailer: QUALCOMM Windows Eudora Pro Version 3.0.2 b4 (32)
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Alan Olsen X-List: cypherpunks
X-Loop: cypherpunks
to hack so, could you please tell me how to hack I suggest really strong turkish cigarettes.  Smoke them constantly and you will be hacking before you know it.
Depends on the age of tobacco purchace in your state.  You might have to
get into High School before trying the above method.
That is what they all say...
Hacking is something that you learn on your own. While there are a few folks that will show you the ropes, you have to learn on your own. Knowledge is precious, and even more so when you gain it through your own bllod sweat and tears.  I hope you really mean hacking, and NOT cracking. There are many of us in the hacking community that are ticked off because the media and the government have lumped us hackers in with the Crackers. Crackers are folks that enter systems for no other reason that malicous damage of systems and vital infromation. These folks are usually punk kids out to romp around Cyberspace doing damage for kicks. There are professional crackers but are usually hired by governments and major corporations for either "NAtional Security" reasons or plain old Corporate espianage. Hackers on the other hand, are folks that believe in the free exchange and flow of information, and yearn for knowledge. While they occationally do break into systems, it is usually only for the challenge of doing so and NOT with the intent of causing damage. Most hackers that enter systems, will usually clean up after themselves after merely looking around the system for awhile just to see what is there with no intent to cause harm, only making modifications to logs and passwd files to clear traces of their entry. They NEVER damage files intentionally and that is a MAJOR no no with most folks in the real hacking community. Some hackers even go so far as to tell they System Administrators of the systems they enter that they did so, and how they did it so the Admins may plug the holes.  Unfortunately, the government and the media have placed us within the same catagories as the Darksiders. I, for one, do hope you are a hacker and not trying to become a cracker.

@_date: 1997-06-20 14:32:29
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Senate panel nixes ProCODE II, approves McCain-Kerrey bill 
In the end, it was child pornography that derailed
encryption legislation in the U.S. Senate and dealt a
bitter defeat to crypto supporters. Spurred by the
chairman's denunciations of cyberporn, a majority of
the Senate Commerce Committee rejected ProCODE II this
morning -- and instead approved a bill introduced
earlier this week that creates new Federal crimes for
some uses of crypto and an all-but-mandatory key
escrow infrastructure.
Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), committee chair and chief
sponsor of the measure, led the attack, saying
Congress must "stop child pornography on the Internet
and Internet gambling. These legitimate law
enforcement concerns cannot and should not be
overlooked or taken lightly."
He warned that allowing encryption to be exported
would permit child pornographers to use it. "If it's
being used for child pornography? Are we going to say
that's just fine? That's it's just business? I don't
think so."
Then Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchinson (R-Tex.) chimed in,
saying she doesn't want "children to have access to
pornography or other bad types of information."
Sen. John Ashcroft (R-MO) tried to disagree. "It's like
photography. We're not going to [ban] photography if
someone takes dirty pictures." (At this point, one of
the more deaf committee members asked, "Pornography?
Are we going to ban pornography?")
Between the child-porn attack team of senators McCain,
Hollings, Kerry, and Frist, ProCODE sponsor Sen. Sen.
Conrad Burns (R-Mont.) didn't stand a chance. Hunched
over the microphone, Burns was outmaneuvered,
outprepared, and outgunned on almost every point.
Nevertheless, he introduced ProCODE II -- a so-called
compromise measure -- and was defeated 8-12. The
changes from ProCODE I gave the NSA, FBI, and CIA
oversight over crypto exports and permitted only the
export of up to 56-bit crypto products without key
escrow. Products of any strength with key escrow could
be exported freely.
That's hardly a pro-privacy, pro-encryption bill, says
the ACLU's Don Haines. "The ProCODE vote shows the
political bankruptcy of the pro-business agenda. Even
in the Commerce Committee, commerce arguments didn't
work," he says.
The committee also approved amendments proposed by
Kerry that would give jurisdiction over crypto exports
to a nine-member "Encryption Export Advisory Board."
The panel would "evaluate whether [a] market exists
abroad" and make non-binding recommendations to the
Frist also introduced amendments to the McCain-Kerrey
bill that were accepted:
* Requiring that not any Federally-funded
  communications network, but only ones established "for
  transaction of government business" would use key
  escrow -- thereby jumpstarting the domestic market.
* "Requirements for a subpoenas [sic] should be no
  less stringent for obtaining keys, then [sic] for any
  other subpoenaed materials."
* Key recovery can mean recovering only a portion of
 the key "such as all but 40 bits of the key."
* NIST after consulting with DoJ and DoD will "publish
  a reference implementation plan for key recovery
  systems;" the law will not take effect until the
  president tells Congress such a study is complete.
After the vote, advocacy groups tried to put a good
face on the devastating loss -- and an expensive
defeat it was. After 15 months of lobbying, countless
hearings, backroom dealmaking, and political capital
spent, ProCODE is gutted and dead. "There's another
day. We have confidence in the system," said BSA's
Robert Holleyman. CDT's Jerry Berman said, "What is
encouraging is that unlike the CDA other committees
are getting involved."
Of course, the involvement of other committees is only
likely to add more key escrow provisions and
limitations on crypto-exports. ProCODE's replacement

@_date: 1997-06-25 20:02:33
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Flag Burning... 
Although I agree that the U.S flag should not be burned (and yes I am also a veteran having served 8 years in the U.S Armed Forces), I can see other floks points in allowing the flag to be burned. I will never support it, yet since I served to keep the ability to choose a freedom that we enjoy, I do not oppose that sentiment. As to the Aussie that asked what the "fuck" we Americans give about whether or not our flag is burnt obviously does not understand how deep the grain of patriotism runs in American blood. It is something anomolous to riding a Harley. If we have to explain it to you, you wouldn't understand. In my mind it shows how little value the Aussies (or at least this particular one) place on their solidarity as a nation and belief in their own country.  I place a HIGH value on my country and countrymen. (women too :-) )  That is why I get so upset when I see the degradation that is eating this country alive. All the values that made this country as powerful and great as it is are slowly being rotted away by some sort of malignant cancer that I can not fathom. I understand that The Cleavers are a concept that can never truly be lived up to, yet even if we came as close as Family Ties, I'd be happy! Some folks say that this is a symptom of too much freedom. I am inclined to agree to a certain extent, we Americans seem to have lost the ability to control ourselves and severely overindulge our whims sometimes. Yet, that is something that we have fought long and hard for, losing many a brother, father, sister, mother, uncle, aunt, and so on. Let me ask you this? Why are there so many individuals from other countries killing themselves to come live here, like the Cambodians, Vietnamese, Russians, and such? I'll tell you why. Because this country has potential, and strength. What strentgh? The strength of it's countrymen. The strength of ideals that are worth living and fighting for. Privacy is one of those ideals. That is why this channel exists! To unite us together, to try to stop the loss of one of the central themes to America. The ability to be private. To maintain a sense of individualism not found in many, many parts of the world. We stand together for the right to be human! For the right to be individuals, not clones! I for one, shall never be a clone. Neither government nor fellow human shall force me to bend my knee in deference, when that deference has not been earned. The government is trying to do that right now. That is why they are trying to take our privacy, if the know all that goes on, then control is easier. Whether through fear or through willingness, they do not care. They only want control. And we can not, should not, and many will not allow that to happen! I have seen what happens in countries where total control over their people has been achieved. The results are not pretty.  Listen, Look, Learn, Aussie! You just might understand!!
David Downey
I am a human first, an American 2nd, and free most of all!

@_date: 1997-06-26 10:30:36
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Secure Public Networks Act of the U.S 
This little gem is extremely scarey, most specifically Title II Sec 207 and Title III Sec 307 most of all!!  I have been on the phone with Congressman Jack Quin of NY, Senator D'Almato of NY, my local Common Counselman, and the U.S Attorny's Office (They will be the ones tasked with prosecuting offenders under this Bill.). It seems that not one of them knows anything about it. And they are currently IN Washington!!!
I was even told by Congressman Quin's Office that no such bills as the ProCODE, ProCODE II, or the McCain/ Kerrey Bills have been presented to Congress! Talk about your basic denial! I have provided a copy of the original HTML version of the SPNA as proposed by McCain and Kerrey. This was pulled directly from Senator Kerrey's website.

@_date: 1997-06-27 15:49:20
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Flag Burning... 
Received: from [207.94.249.169] (sjc-ca4-09.ix.netcom.com [207.94.249.137]) by netcom10.netcom.com (8.6.13/Netcom)
X-Sender: frantz
Yet she's only as rich as the poorest of the poor,
Only as free as a padlocked prison door,
Only as strong as our love for this land,
Only as tall as we stand.
                               - Phil Ochs

@_date: 1997-06-27 16:02:10
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Flag Burning... 
As we say in the army, "Damn Skippy!" Though referenced by it's government, a country is defined by it's people. For it is not it's government that makes a country, but it's people. The government is just a place to put the useless. :-)   God does have a sense of humor.... He forgave our sins, and gave us government for penance!

@_date: 1997-06-27 16:31:03
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Rep. Lofgren on McCain/Kerrey (good. long.) 
Do ya really think the powers that be really care? Let's hope they do!
Seems inherently dangerous to me, everything about you is on a system or systems somewhere, and most of them have used federal funds in their startup and continue to use them. Doesn't that grant the governments almost total access to your past present and future? I KNOW I don't want ANYONE having THAT much access to my life. What I don't understand is what makes them tjink we'll just roll over and accept this without a Seems to me that that is EXACTLY what the government wants. If they can't pass it legally, they figure they'll use economical pressure. Hell, they've been doing it to China, Vietnam, Russia and a host of others for years! Why shouldn't they apply the concept locally?
Isn't control of the economy too powerful of a tool for the government? Can anyone hear the whistling? It's the sound of the government sword slicing through our pocketbooks and into our liberties and rights.
Yeah, and how many of them does the government have pull with? Quite a few considering that they back most corporate companies with tax dollars and schools with federal grants.
This is starting to sound like the beginnings of a Martial State. Slowly control the population in every aspect of their lives and when you have enough control, who's gonna fight you when you really start cracking the whip? If you control everything that affects their lives, NO ONE! Control their economy, their privacy, their children, and you control them. Even better, get them to help you in the names of their children, their rights, and make them feel like thy are in greatr danger that they actually are and they'll just hand you the reins!  Hmmmmmm... doesn't this sound like our current situation??
with a much more dangerous crowd of know-nothings: those who'd > >    ban our right to keep private information private. He may believe >    this is about finding common ground; if so, someone has fed him How many times have we watched the better part of valiant, couragous, and honorable men and women be seduced by power, greed, corruption, and just plain old not thinking straight?
Yes, we vote. Yes, we care. Yes, WE WILL FIGHT!!!  Though referenced by it's government, a country is defined by it's people. For it is not it's government that makes a country, but it's people. The government is just a place to put the useless. :-)   God does have a sense of humor.... He forgave our sins, and gave us government for penance!

@_date: 1997-06-27 20:30:07
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: Flag Burning... 
wouldn't THAT, my friend, just ended ANY chance of coomunication between the two of us. When you start thinking you are better than someone else, you have stepped over the line.  BTW, the spelling for dood is D U D E! Learn to spell before you start thinking you're better than anyone else. Baby steps, baby steps! And as to the imperialist comment. Give it a rest, folks have been saying that for years. Ever heard of dancing to your OWN beat. Give the badwagon some room. Too many on it as it is now. And as for me getting a life. I have one. I live in America! :-)
Though referenced by it's government, a country is defined by it's people. For it is not it's government that makes a country, but it's people. The government is just a place to put the useless. :-)   God does have a sense of humor.... He forgave our sins, and gave us government for penance!

@_date: 1997-07-20 17:54:04
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: New Cypher ListServ  (part 1) 
I recently purchased my own domain called CyberSpaceTechnologies.com, and with it I recieved the ability to own and operate a ListServ of my own. I will continue to be a member of this one.                             Yet in order to make sure that we may always have a place from which to discuss this most important of issues, I have started the Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L listserv. This listserv will be up in approximately 72 - 96 hours hopefully. Those of you with long time experience with listservs, and those that have run them before, I would be honored to hear from you on the best way to run this. I have decided beforehand that it would be an unmoderated list. The ONLY monitoring that I will do, is to glean email addresses and upstream server addresses from spam messages for the purpose of notifying offenders that such actions are not wanted or tolerated on this list. I hereby pledge that in no way shape or form, will I passively allow spammers or other entities to use email addresses from this list for ANYTHING without first getting permission from the email address owner. If ANYONE sees that happen, PLEASE notify me IMMEDIATELY! I want this list to be a place where open discussion of this issue may take place regardless of age, sex, creed, religion, experience, or lack thereof. We are a community of believers, believers in the right to freedom, privacy, and the ability to remain an idividual.  The only thing I ask, and this is a request not a demand, is that all list members treat new and old members with the level of respect and courtesy that you would expect for yourself, if not better. Not much to ask, I don't think.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-07-20 21:54:41
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: New Cypher ListServ  (part 2)    **REVISED** 
The Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L ListServ is in operation.(We just finished up with the majordomo scripts and the like). Here is what you need to do to join.  BTW, this list is a digested list. Please do not freak if things do not go right straight from the get go. I hope to have this as painless as possible, yet we all know that Murphy wrote Murphy's Law just for this instance. Please bear with me. Once again, ANY suggestions, short of flames, will be listened to 100%!
Now for the nitty gritty.
SUBSCRIBE/UNSUBSCRIBE TO Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L
To subscribe, send the message      subscribe Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L
to majordomo To unsubscribe, send the message      unsubscribe Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L
to majordomo Messages sent to Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L
will be posted to the entire list.
When subscribed, send message to majordomo with   get Cryptography-Politics-PGP-L-digest  as the message body.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-07-21 13:32:31
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: New Cypher ListServ (part 1) 
Yes, I am trying to get a number of the other cypherpunk lists together under one umbrella. Ambitious, but if you don't reach for the stars, you'll always be stuck in the lawnchair. I will add other lists that folks from this list mention to me, as I am looking to combine a whole slew of them together. This way all lists stand a better chance of surviving in the event of D.O.S attacks and the like.  If anyone knows a list that is good and should be added let me know.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-07-21 03:13:51
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: No Subject 
unsubscribe cryptography-politics-pgp-l
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-09 13:59:54
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Apology from me to the list and TruthMonger 
LOL, all right, all right. I'll take my lickings and like it. I apologize. I came off far from what I was trying to say. I was really pissed off at what TruthMonger said in the email. I took major offense at his use of Jesus in the mail in the context in which he did. I am NOT one who believes in the banning of sites based on a rating syste, I believe that based on the rating system you should be able to decide from that if *you* want to go there. No one has the right to *ban* a site. I humbly apologize to all and to TruthMonger. Some say one should not apologize on a list because then everyone will make it open season on that person forever. If that is the case, oh well. I believe that if a man is in the wrong he should apologize. I am in the wrong. I apologize. I went overboard on my retort to TruthMonger, not stopping to think how it would make me appear. I unfortuately gave the impression in complete opposites of where I actually stand on the issues. I do not know how to word where I stand because I take a little from each side as to what is the correct way to handle these issues. I joined this listserv because I believe wholeheartedly in the stated reason for the existence of this listserv. I run my own for the same reasons. Folks, I truly am sorry for the remarks I made, and the attitude displayed is not what I believe inside. I believe that every man and women have the right to make there own dicision on issues that affect them. I believe that a fully cooperative effort to come to terms with many of the issues facing us is needed. I do NOT support the government in it's belief that sites should be banned based on their ratings in whatever finally accepted rating system. I do not believe in escrowed key accounting (espeicially when the government choses the key ecrow agents). I do *not* follow the bible thumping christian coalitions that believe that decending on the net with bibles, fishnets, and handcuffs is the answer. I believe in fighting for what one believes in. I firmly believe in protecting the children and guiding them towards an understanding of today's world in *all* it trappings. I am also unsure as to the correct and "right" way to do this. I am open to suggestions, and am willing to openly contribute my own. There are many of you who will undoubtably have blocked my posts as a result of my earlier post. I am sorry for this. For I could learn a few things from those that have, just as I can pass on some to them.
For the mistakes I put forth, I humbly apologize.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-17 20:49:29
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: PGP5i supports RSA keys? 
Yes, PGP 5.0i does support the RSALIB. Even though you can generate RSALIB based keys, why do so when there is a newer and better algorythm supplied with the 5.0? Albiet it is nice to have the support as not everyone has converted over, I still prefer the newer one. 4096 bit keys are going to be rather hard to break in this lifetime. :-) Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-17 20:52:46
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Missed a PGP version? 
The version numbers of PGP floated from PGP 2.63i to PGP 5.0i. Did I miss a version or was this done to reflect the start of the break from the RSALIB algorythm? Also, does PGP 5.0 still support the MPLIB? Was it used in it's design?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-20 12:06:22
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: RE: David Downey asks to be shot 
Wow, I'm really moving up in the world. Now I've officially been classified as an enemy of the people. Cool! Where's my award money?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-20 02:31:40
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: sooner or later 
The only way I see us losing is if we do not stand together. I do see that we will need to go underground ofr awhile, but when they see that they will always have a problem with us, they will eventually have to deal with us. That is unless they want to turn the US into a real life version of the movie Red Dawn!
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-20 06:36:34
@_author: "David Downey" 
@_subject: Re: key escrow arguments (fwd) 
Am I just being paranoid or am I seeing a pattern here? Let me point out a few items that have sprung to mind after reading the post. 1) The government is trying to take away our right to strong private    crypto because they do not have access to the decrypting key at    either end. This nullifies any type of access they "need" to have    to those transmissions. 2) They also are trying to use their market power to force companies    to manufacture and sell crypto products that use government backed    algorythms. (Which of course include the "back door" features they    so loudly claim they need.) Such as when they told AT&T that they    would buy 2.3 million Secure 3600 series phones from them *if* they       put the government designed Fortezza(?) chip in them.
3) They classified crypto as a munition, like a fighter jet or tank,    in an attempt to take it out of the realm of Constitutional Right.    (Though it seems they forgot about the "Right to bear arms" part) 4) They forced the telephone industry to write their software in such    a way as to instantly allow them access to any and *all* lines.    (In the event that they should "need" to tap the line as per a    supposedly legally obtained court order from an Artical III federal    court judge. (Ummm.. Do they really think that we don't know what    it takes to obtain that high a level of a political seating in the          judiciary branch?)
5) They stirred up the media which in turn roused the sheeple. THe    rally cry was child porn.
      Is there a pattern here, or am I just going out of what is left of my mind?
Get Your Private, Free Email at
