
@_date: 1993-07-27 13:58:11
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: You want to use DSA? Apply for a personal license from NIST! 
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
NIST plans to give Public Key Partners exclusive rights to the Digital Signature Algorithm. Do you want to guarantee your own rights to this technology? You can! It's free, if you can spare a stamp.
Attached is a form letter you can send to NIST to apply for a personal license. Put in your own name, address, country, and the right date; print it out; read through to check it over; sign it; and drop it in the
mail. You don't have to get everything right the first time---NIST will contact you if they need more information to make a decision. And, as a bonus, your application will automatically count as an objection to the NIST-PKP deal!
I believe that NIST must receive your application by next Friday, the
6th of August, but the due date might be earlier. You might want to check immediately with Michael Rubin at 301-975-2803. If necessary you can fax your letter to him.
                                [address]
                                [date]
Michael R. Rubin
Acting Chief Counsel for Technology
Room A-1111
Administration Building
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, MD 20899
Dear Mr. Rubin:
I hereby apply for a personal license to use the Digital Signature
1. Title of invention: Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA).
2. Patent Application Serial Number: 07/738.431.
3. United States Patent Number: To be issued as 5,231,668, I believe.
4. Source of information concerning availability of a license: Various sources, including your Federal Register notice.
5. Name and address of applicant: [name], [address, phone, etc.].
6. Applicant's representative: not applicable.
7. I am a [country] citizen.
8. Approximate number of persons employed: not applicable.
9. I am not a small business firm.
10. Purpose: I would like a personal license allowing me to implement and use DSA. See 11. Business and commercialization: not applicable; see 12. Plans: I plan to use DSA to attach digital signatures to a variety
of electronic documents, primarily for authentication. I plan to use DSA
implementations, initially in software but perhaps later in hardware,
from a variety of potential future sources. Investments: I may spend many hours programming a DSA implementation.
                                                                page 2
13. Fields of commercialization: not applicable; see 14. I am not willing to accept a license for less than all fields of use of DSA.
15. I intend to implement and use DSA only in [country].
16. Type of license: I would like a non-exclusive license which does not require royalty payments.
17. I have never been granted a license to a federally owned invention.
18. Known uses of DSA by industry or government: I have heard that ISC sells a product called dsaSIGN, and that Bellcore has implemented DSA.
19. Other information: I understand that NIST may grant an exclusive DSA license to PKP, and that this license application will be treated as an objection to the PKP license.
Please note that PKP has stated its intent to make DSA free for personal
use. Therefore, if NIST grants PKP a license and PKP acts according to its stated intent, there is no harm to anyone if I am granted this
personal license. However, I do not trust PKP to act according to its
stated intent, and I do not want to have to apply for a license from PKP
even if it is royalty-free. So I ask that you grant me a license
Thank you for your kind attention. Please let me know if you need more                                 Sincerely,
                                [name]

@_date: 1994-05-22 16:33:57
@_author: "D. J. Bernstein" 
@_subject: why moderate when you can write some code instead? 
(I'm not on cypherpunks... but alt.fan.david-sternlight is. [chuckle])
Attached is an article I wrote recently on the proposed moderation of
alt.sources. You can see its possible relevance to talk.politics.crypto
and sci.crypt. Someone just has to sit down and add a few lines to rn.
Path: silverton.berkeley.edu!djb
Newsgroups: alt.sources.d,alt.config
Organization: IR
Whenever a social problem is caused by technology, it can be fixed by
better technology.
I want to tell rn, ``Make me a newsgroup consisting of certain articles
from alt.sources. Which articles? Well, read through alt.sources.index,
take all the Message-ID's listed there, and select those articles from
alt.sources for me. Call this new newsgroup alt.sources.indexed. Oh,
yeah, dump all the other articles into alt.sources.nonindexed.''
Maybe this would be easier for rn if alt.sources.index articles had a
specialized ``article selector'' format. No big deal. All that's
important is that there be _some_ selector format which we can use.
Note that I might decide later that I don't like alt.sources.index; I
prefer the selectors which Joe Shmoe posts every day in alt.frobozz.
I should be able to tell rn, ``Make me a virtual group with every
article from Joe titled SOURCE SELECTOR. Call it alt.frobozz.shmoe.''
Then I can use alt.frobozz.joeshmoe in place of alt.sources.index.
I expect that selectors, when properly implemented, will entirely
replace moderated groups. They'd be an easy first step for the USENET
Interface Project.
