
@_date: 1996-02-12 00:46:40
@_author: "David J. Phillips" 
@_subject: cypherpunks, digital cash, and my doctoral research 
I'm a PhD student at the Annenberg School for Communication at the
University of Pennsylvania.  My research is on the ways that various groups
influence the development of "digital cash" systems.
I'd like to work with cypherpunks for part of this research.  Right now, I
expect this work to include reviewing the list's archives, participating in
the list and in physical meetings, and interviewing some people.
If you have any thoughts on this (or feelings: revulsion, intrigue, pique
perhaps), please drop me a line.
David J. Phillips, Annenberg School, University of Pennsylvania
I'm researching cultural, economic, legal, and technical aspects of the
development of digital cash systems.  Let me know if you're interested.

@_date: 1997-09-28 00:07:34
@_author: "David J. Phillips" 
@_subject: cypherpunks in my doctoral research 
I've been writing a doctoral dissertation in which cypherpunks play a
prominent role.  The research focuses on the negotiations by which standards of
identification are incorporated into new consumer payment systems.  In
particular, I am looking at how issues of privacy, anonymity, and
identification are woven into public discussions of these systems.
I have identified three systems (Ecash, Mondex, and Citibank's EMS), and
I've analyzed talk about these systems in three sites - press articles, the
U.S. House of Representatives, and the cypherpunks mailing list.  If you're interested, I'd appreciate any comments on this work.  I've posted
a draft of the cypherpunks section on my web site:
.  I'm especially interested
in knowing if you believe that my analysis is accurate and complete, and if
you believe its publication might effect cypherpunks themselves, or the
social and political projects which cypherpunks share. I would like to add one caveat.  I had to limit my analysis to a particular
time period.  Neither the discussion, nor the list, nor the entity of
cypherpunks is the same now as then.  Please bear this in mind as you read.
And please forward this note to anyone who may be interested, but is no
longer part of the cypherpunks list.
David J. Phillips
Annenberg School for Communication
University of Pennsylvania
