
@_date: 1997-07-23 11:34:54
@_author: Dave K-P 
@_subject: Cops, Spies Fail to Slow Crypto Bill 
Security and Freedom through Encryption Act passed at a mark-up
meeting of the House International Relations Committee.

@_date: 1997-07-25 04:17:41
@_author: Dave K-P 
@_subject: Re: d-day 
DSA has been criticized by the computer industry since its announcement.
Criticism has focused on a few main issues: it lacks key exchange
capability; the underlying cryptosystem is too recent and has been
to too little scrutiny for users to be confident of its strength;
verification of signatures with DSA is too slow; the existence of a
second authentication standard will cause hardship to computer hardware
software vendors, who have already standardized on RSA; and the process
which NIST chose DSA was too secretive and arbitrary, with too much
influence wielded by NSA.
The main disadvantage of ElGamal is the need for randomness, and its
slower speed (especially for signing). Another potential disadvantage of
the ElGamal system is that message expansion by a factor of two takes
place during encryption. However, such message expansion is negligible
the cryptosystem is used only for exchange of secret keys. warranty first.  Also there are platforms that PGP 5.0 doesn't cover yet
that PGP 2.6.3i already does, such as: MS-DOS, OS/2, Amiga, Atari,
Macintosh, BeOS and Linux.  Until such a time, a world-wide conversion
seems unlikely.

@_date: 1997-07-29 02:28:30
@_author: Dave K-P 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Application 
2.3. How do I present a new encryption scheme in sci.crypt?
  ``I just came up with this neat method of encryption. Here's some
  ciphertext: FHDSIJOYW^&%$* Is it strong?'' Without a
  doubt questions like this are the most annoying traffic on sci.crypt.
  If you have come up with an encryption scheme, providing some
  ciphertext from it is not adequate. Nobody has ever been impressed by
  random gibberish. Any new algorithm should be secure even if the
  opponent knows the full algorithm (including how any message key is
  distributed) and only the private key is kept secret. There are some
  systematic and unsystematic ways to take reasonably long ciphertexts
  and decrypt them even without prior knowledge of the algorithm, but
  this is a time-consuming and possibly fruitless exercise which most
  sci.crypt readers won't bother with.
  So what do you do if you have a new encryption scheme? First of all,
  find out if it's really new. Look through this FAQ for references and
  related methods. Familiarize yourself with the literature and the
  introductory textbooks.
  When you can appreciate how your cryptosystem fits into the world at
  large, try to break it yourself! You shouldn't waste the time of tens
  of thousands of readers asking a question which you could have easily
  answered on your own.
  If you really think your system is secure, and you want to get some
  reassurance from experts, you might try posting full details of your
  system, including working code and a solid theoretical explanation, to
  sci.crypt. (Keep in mind that the export of cryptography is regulated
  in some areas.)
  If you're lucky an expert might take some interest in what you posted.
  You can encourage this by offering cash rewards---for instance, noted
  cryptographer Ralph Merkle is offering $1000 to anyone who can break
  Snefru-4---but there are no guarantees. If you don't have enough
  experience, then most likely any experts who look at your system will
  be able to find a flaw. If this happens, it's your responsibility to
  consider the flaw and learn from it, rather than just add one more
  layer of complication and come back for another round.
  A different way to get your cryptosystem reviewed is to have the NSA
  look at it. A full discussion of this procedure is outside the scope
  of this FAQ.
  Among professionals, a common rule of thumb is that if you want to
  design a cryptosystem, you have to have experience as a cryptanalyst.

@_date: 1997-07-29 13:55:41
@_author: Dave K-P 
@_subject: Re: Queries from a Cyper-newbie? 
in that it has not caused me any problems.  In the DSS/Diffie-Hellman
vs. RSA debate, you would do well to go to  and read their
on both cryptosystems.  5.0 is different from 2.6.3i in the following
ways: 5.0 can create DSS/Diffie-Hellman key pairs, 2.6.3i cannot. can create RSA key pairs, 5.0 cannot.  5.0 can utilize both kinds of key
pairs whereas 2.6.3i can only utilize RSA key pairs.  As well, 5.0 is
legal to use in the US while 2.6.3i violates copyright protection. Only
you can decide which is better for your purpose(s), however.
_except_ if it involves DSS/Diffie-Hellman key pairs.
make illegal the use of cryptosystems without escrowed keys.  At present
time though, it is legal to send enciphered messages to and from the US.
you should buy a copy of) ...
public- key key lengths.  To determine how long a key you need requires
you to look at both the intended security and lifetime of the key, and
current state-of-the-art of factoring.  Today, you need a 1024-bit
to get the level of security you got from a 512-bit number in the early
1980s.  If you want your keys to remain secure for 20 years, 1024 bits
likely too short."
those messages that would otherwise be monitored in plaintext.  It goes
without saying that the ciphertext can be monitored, as well.
