
@_date: 1995-07-12 19:53:26
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: RC4 
I was trying to throw a few already wasted CPU cycles to the RC4 bit,
but had some problems getting the cypher and plain files. (I can't "save
next link", only "save current" which sometimes doesn't work well.)
So anyway, I decide to run a 24 bit test run on what I've got, using the
"extra allocated" keyspace. It says got it at c70014639. Since I know I'm
not lucky enough to pick the 5 seconds worth of CPU time that would work,
I think someone better send me (by email thanks, lets not clutter the
list) the uue of the cypher and plain. I ran the dos version, BTW, but I'm
going to compile under Linux. When we decide _which_ key we're going to crack, I could finagle basically
full cpu time on about 10 hp9000's for 6 hours a day. Would that help? ;)

@_date: 1995-07-13 02:24:11
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Claiming unwanted keyspace 
I have begun searching the unwanted 31 bit keyspace cd70000000 to cdefffffff
and according to my calculations will be able to search two blocks of
31 bits a night until I get bored of starting the searches.
I will be running 8+ hp9000/715s at 27,200 keys/second each.
If someone was planning on searching this keyspace, let's decide on it.
Thanks to those who helped me get going.

@_date: 1995-07-14 19:30:32
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re:  Free The World Web Server project.. :) 
Hooking up a mass mailer to congress seems like a bad idea to me, because
they're really only interested in their constituants. If they start getting
mass mailings, they might start thinking there's only one person or a
small group of people "behind the curtain". Sending results of an e-petition,
however, would be unobtrusive. A web page that mails a form letter to
_your_ congressperson's form-letter-readers (ie staff readers) would be
much better, IMHO.

@_date: 1995-07-27 14:49:03
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Attachments, crypto, et al 
My rule is no binaries, none of the time. Grepping for whitwater and foster
and routing it to /dev/null seems like a good idea too.. And a great big *plonk* to our alt.conspiracy friends... Need to learn what a pointer is...
Anyway, my tri-county crime spree for the next weeks will put me in San
Francisco, Alameda, and Orange counties. If anyone wants to mutually sign
keys, email me and I'll try to arrange something.
Unfortunately my cryptoshirt won't arrive in time. I'd be able to wear it
in front of LOTS of illegal aliens. So, to make up for it, I'm going to
export part of the cryptosig: #
Have a nice day.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-07-28 03:14:23
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re:  "Encryption" IRC script? 
Yes, there are scripts that implement des encryption of IRC sessions,
using RSA to swap keys. (the encrypted lines always start with "clipper:"
on mine. I don't think it's the same as the one you've got, but yes,
they are out there. (See what you miss when you can't find people on
the  channel!?!)
The channel that was used to coordinate against a recent spam attack
of remailers turned into a rather interesting chat about several subjects.
(Including digicash) It was about two months worth of cpunks... (without
the normally-cooresponding year's worth of alt.conspiracy reposts!!)
Maybe it would be fun to actually use the  channel. (Unless there's
a  channel I don't know about?)
Sorry I haven't been signing lately, but I've been replaced by a double.

@_date: 1995-07-29 02:18:11
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: <plonk> now! Grabbe, X, re. Foster, NSA, BCCI, etc. 
I am very much in agreement. I am not interested in reading this stuff
in the cpunks mail list. Here is what I consider to be acceptable ways
to send this stuff to the people on cpunks:
1) NOT AT ALL
2) A pointer and explaination. For example:
   "Hey, there is an article that describes the Foster case, which     also includes proof that the NSA [something relevant to cpunks] and
    it's on alt.kooks.conspiracy posted by John Spook, msg id 3) A summary of the parts relevant to cpunks. For example:
   "A recent 50-page NYT book on whitewater mentions that Hubbard used     Nautilus to talk over the phone with Ms. Clinton"
In the past, method 3 (summarizing) has proven very effective for some
newspaper articles on things.
Note: this is not meant to release me from guilt of having posted
off-topic and innane things in the past (and future), but at least I did
so with little bandwidth.

@_date: 1995-07-29 02:26:22
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: First Virtual, Nathaniel Boorenstein 
This whole thread has me wondering what "ELL DEE" is up to these days.
Ooops, I think I just added another msg to the thread.
Good thing it's not signed, I'll deny I sent it.
In order to give this message an ObCrypto, might I mention that we actually
had some traffic on the  channels recently. No alt.conspiracy
or rant-o-matics either!!

@_date: 1995-11-01 09:22:23
@_author: "Don M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: ecash remailer 
I suppose the word "receipt" might be handy to introduce into the entire
scheme. A dispute over who payed & who stole is solved with paperwork of some
sort. Although a digital signature is not necessarily valid (I don't even know
what the Utah Digital Signature Law does) but the bank, as rule-setter
is allowed to say that a digital receipt DOES bind the parties in some

@_date: 1995-08-24 15:53:31
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: server congestion 
Christian Wettergren:
Heh heh heh
Somebody should tell that to the guy who's pulling them down 500 at a time.
I have to settle for 32 x 7 at a time, in order to manage runtime at 9 hours.
And the clever thing is, I have to stay connected to all 7 machines in order
to keep running.
Good thing there's an incremental notice, so I can restart if I lose carrier.
You know, this is really fun. Too bad the prize isn't something really cool,
like a free wastebasket in case Windoze 95 comes my way...
Sorry, just felt like it was my turn to babble...

@_date: 1995-08-25 02:52:36
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: DigSig laws 
Being a resident of Utah, I was interested in exactly what Utah's digital
signature law was about. I knew it had to be somewhat level-headed, since
a number of people in little silicon valley must have had their fingers in
it... Unfortunately, IANAL for me is more than just a legal disclaimer.
Anyone know of any of the legal eagle (ie, judge-l, eff, etc) have
analyzed it, or know of any summaries that my search didn't find? (I was
lucky to find this link in the first place...)
Here is the utah law:
(I had to manually gopher it, it's under search bills, it's SB0082)
Or perhaps any of you IANAL types would care to try reading it...it sounded
like the key had to be escrowed with a legally recognized agent.
PS: my compliments to Damien. Oh, I mean, the SSL crack looked nice
leading the SF Chronicle's Business headline, but I'm especially thrilled
the way the Signal/Noise ratio suddenly improved overnight. It will make
reading what happened during my vacation much more interesting from that
point on... And for those of you who think that PROMIS is squarely
on-topic, . When I can get grep routing results to /dev/null for
"whitewater", etc, I'll be sure to share..            fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-08-28 01:15:18
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: oops, re last message 
Sorry to add another msg to the clutter, but please send responses to
the previous message (DNS keyserver) to me at don and NOT
at root at _any_ system.

@_date: 1995-08-29 00:33:25
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: Sendmail Bugs 
This has nothing to do with crypto, and is only remotely related to remailers. However, I thought I'd send it along to demonstrate to our conspiracypunks friends how to shorten the length of an off-topic post.
There is a document on alt.security which describes exploitable sendmail
bugs. The reference is <809544856snz
I saved a copy in case anyone would like one.
SEE! Now wasn't that easy!
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-08-29 14:01:35
@_author: Scott Brickner 
@_subject: SSL search attacks 
BEAAAT STATE! Push 'em back.. WAAAAAAY BAAAACK. (relevant comments follow)
In regard to both messages, I think that with sequentially allocated
keyspace an attacker who knows the real key would have trouble getting the
right segment unless s/he grabbed a big enough piece. If the search is
restarted, we know something's up. Ensuring that nobody gets to search
keyspace they searched before would be one improvement. A random (instead
of sequential) allocation _by the keyserver_ (out of unallocated piecemeal segments) would also take some work to implement. If the search wraps around to catch the UNACK'ed pieces, this type of
oversight will only slow down the actual discovery of the key. Failure
to report a found key, though, is a bit different. I would not be opposed
to having my program report possible hits, with the server being what
discovers if I've found it or not.
Why not have a random backup-mode, in case someone does mount a denial of
service attack. Or imploy a combination of the two modes. The machines
running brloop can search sequentially (out of the middle 50%?) and the
machines not connected search randomly (out of the outside 50%?). Or,
venturing further into the I-wonder-who's-gonna-code-this world, log the
random searches for possible conversion to an exhaustive search later. It would be nice to be able to hit the emergency button and switch to
random mode, but currently I don't think there's a need to actually
use it.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-08-29 23:23:01
@_author: Patrick Lear 
@_subject: CFS and Securedrive 
I found it very easy to use and very well designed. My only complaint
was that it prints out a * every time you enter a character of your
passphrase. Other than that, it's a very good product. Too bad Wollersheim didn't have it for his client list...
Unfortunately, I switched to linux shortly afterwards. I have yet to
get CFS compiled. (Oh, Matt, by the way, is that README.linux supposed
to be current, because it's a little...errr...cryptic.) For those
of you who would like to see CFS, the unix encryption system, some
dastardly felon exported it and it's on utopia.hacktic.nl. (I did a diff against it with my copy, by the way, and it _hasn't_ been tampered with)

@_date: 1995-08-29 23:54:30
@_author: Scott Brickner 
@_subject: Re: SSL stuff 
Piete: please read the PS at the bottom
no, but it keeps someone from knowing where the key is at from grabbing
it for themselves. If the segments were shuffled, the only way to ensure
"getting" the keyspace with the key is to grab HUGE chunks. And grabbing
50,000 segments didn't go over well last time, did it...
If the segment with the real key is the first assigned and the last ACKed
(reporting key found), the search went on 30 hours extra. But that doesn't
cause as much problems as a (false) ACK of no key found. I mean a setup where if the key server is shut down by a D.O.S. attack,
or congestion, or whatever, that the users, if they so desire, can shift
into random mode and end their dependance on the server. I don't see
a need for all of us to be doing random searches right now just because
someone _might_ launch a D.O.S. attack. Another benefit of random mode
being implemented, but secondary, is that all of the people who previously
had to manually get keyspace by WWW and report it back by hand - they
can just put it in random mode and fire-and-forget, just like everyone
with brloop does. PS: Piete: What's the current status of the server? I've got by brloop
working apparently, and I calculate I'm able to search 800 segments a day,
and I'm anxious to see if it works. It's stopped giving me only sleep
orders, and now appears to give me a keyspace, but it reports a checksum
error and sleeps for a few minutes.

@_date: 1995-08-30 08:11:50
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Non-US SSL128 site 
Saw this on usenet. Figured someone might want to give it a spin...
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
NNTP-Posting-Host: 193.119.26.63
We have now updated our servers to
a) Use 128 bit SSL if the client allows it.
b) Tell users which cipher is being used on a secure session.
To experiment point your secure client at one of the following:
(the main server does not run SSL to minimise PK calculations)
If you do not have a client that can use 128 bit RC4 then
does to the job, but is quite flaky otherwise.

@_date: 1995-08-30 14:49:03
@_author: Scott Brickner 
@_subject: Re: SSL search attack 
Problem is, though, if *each* segment is shuffled, or shuffled in groups
of 10 or 25 or 50 or what? brutessl is designed for sequential search
through a block of segments. I was pulling down blocks of up to 40 segments each, for each machine I was running. Of course, with brloop running I
won't be in such a bind (I have yet to see that it really works though..)
but still it also represents a coding problem as to handing out sequential
segments within shuffled blocks.
Hey, by the way Piete, is there gonna be a ego list (rankings) like there
was with the RC4?            fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-08-31 04:24:22
@_author: Jiri Baum 
@_subject: Re: SSL search attack 
Hey, I wanna be Lance tooooooo. Can I be Lance? Can I?
That opens it wide open to someone NAKing the keyspace where the key is.
If we're going to involve a server, might as well do the sequential job
and make it fast.
TC> * For opportunistic attacks on keys in challenges, the odds are 95% that a
TC> key will be found with only twice the total effort (or time) using a
TC> totally random method of picking up keyspace to search.
Some kind of step (ie, round-down) function performed on the random (I
vote we call it a dart) output, with the size of the step based on the how
many segments at once you want to search? Seems to me that all your doing is searching an X segment area around where the dart hit. In order to
get any kind of boundry, you have to scale the allowed segment blocks, by powers of two, for example, or something, so everyone knows where the borders are. Its a nice thought but I don't see that it's necessary.
If, on the other hand, sequential searchers plow through half of the
keyspace while a "random crew" throws darts at the other half, everyone
can participate how they wish. And if the keyserver gets deep-six'd by a
Denial of Service attack (or just swamped), everyone can just switch into
random mode and shotgun the keyspace. (Maybe even avoiding what's already been sequentially-searched)
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-01 06:00:13
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: Web of Trust 
I am current sorting through the PGP keyserver keyfile to extract a
limited web of trust. I believe that current servers would be best to
limit their keys in a similar fashon. Since we can't all have what we want
without coding it ourselves, I'm doing the next best crappy imitation.
Anyways, I am trying to find keys that are actually relevant and
inter-connected with signatures. Naturally, it won't be anywhere near
complete or extensive, and will be a dog to update, but 5 meg keyfiles
take a long time to search... I am requesting that all "active" cypherpunks/cyphergroupies please send me
their key number, IF it's already on the keyservers. If it's recently put
there, be sure to tell me or I will be annoyed. If it's not there at all,
I'll be annoyed. Personally annoyed, not I-ran-some-scriptfile annoyed. If
you searched any of the RC4 or SSL keyspace, for example, I'm interested.
If you post messages occasionally, [conspiracypunks need not apply] I'm
interested. If you generated a key because your neighbor taught you how,
don't bother. If anyone wants the keynumbers/script/entirekeyfile I could put it on
ftp or something. Naturally, I'll be forwarding all results to the NSA quantum crack-o-matic. Have a nice day. :)
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-01 21:58:01
@_author: "Robert A. Rosenberg" 
@_subject: Re: SSL attack 
With multiple heirchical servers, you don't have the same bottleneck problems. If you have a random mode that you can switch into, same deal
(if you care to use it). There are a lot of people who want the anonymity
and server-independance of random mode. There are people who don't want
to add another 37% onto the processing time, given the unlikeliness of
a D.O.S. attack on the server. I continue to support the idea of a two-pronged attack using both methods.
Given that most of the server bottleneck was un-updated clients anyway,
I think that the bottleneck-on-the-server problem is solved anyway, meaning there won't be any problems getting new keys - thus eliminating
the need for a keyspace buffer queue.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-03 01:43:06
@_author: SSLtelnet 
@_subject: SSLRef (SSLtelnet) 
I have been looking at a number of SSLTelnet/FTP programs (available from
utopia.hacktic.nl by the way) and they would seem to all require Netscape's
library. Anyone know about this?
I found the following link for SSLRef but I was just wondering if it
was the only way to implement SSL telnet&ftp. I would hate to see
people not be able to use them simply because there's no illegal copies
available.   URL: If anyone knows of any clones or foreign sources please speak up.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *
PS: my failure to lament violations of ITAR should not be confused with
actual involvment in criminal activity. Heh heh heh. Catchyalater

@_date: 1995-09-07 19:58:18
@_author: already on the list 
@_subject: Announce: Web of Trust Ring 
WEB OF TRUST KEYRING GENERATION PROJECT
I have completed my project to make a condensed version of the keyserver
PGP keyrings, containing only the "web of trust" inter-related keys. My
methods were rather crude, and unfortunately only extracted those people
who have signed someone (already on the list) else's key. That means that
people who are well connected on the web of trust are included, while
those people who only receive signatures from well-connected people are
not included.
The keyfile is approximately 1 megabyte, as opposed to 5-6 in the
keyservers. Building it required 12 successive passes to the MIT keyring,
each requiring 4-6 hours on my poor 386. I also made a subsequent pass
using the UNIMI keyring. To seed the list I used warlord (Uh
Derek? Hello??) and those keynumbers that cpunks mailed me. (Unfortunately
some people sent only their key blocks, which I didn't use. Also, my
server "lost" mail _twice_ due to "disk crash" while I was collecting key
numbers.) I assume that requiring 13 passes means that the longest
possible chain with a single connection (not necessarily a trust
connection) to one of the seed keys is 12 keys. All included keys are exactly as they are on keyservers. The keyring
can be trivially validated as much as possibly simply by validating
one of the well-connected keys, like the ones that come with PGP. Warning:
not responsible for assigning trust levels for all those people. That's
your job. Have fun.
Why did I do this:
1) Because I wanted to.
2) Because I really had nothing better to do with my CPU time.
wait, wait, ok for reals:
1) Because I want a web of trust keyring for myself, and that big old
   5+ meg clunker keyfile is tooooo slow to use. 2) Because I feel that a DNS-style keyserver would not suit many
   web-of-trust activities that I wanted the keyring for, IE: pgp aware
   tools like news and mail readers for on-the-fly validation.
3) Because I feel that a system like this would encourage strengthening
   the web-of-trust, ie, trusting the KEYS. The current system has a    lot of disjointed keys (uh, 4 meg worth I guess, eh?) which I found
   myself trusting simply because they were on the Keyservers. While
   this facilitates creation of a stable nym(*), real or not, I found
   myself even trying to justify to others trusting a key simply because
   it was on a keyserver. * = I agree with Bill Steward that we are a bit obsessed on True Names(tm)
    bit. I understand when Someone(tm) like Derek Atkins wants to see a
    True Name ID card(tm), but I'm sympathetic to having Nym signing, with
    the problem to overcome being simply the man-in-the-middle thwarting.
Currently I am not really planning to do much in the way of updates to
this, unless people actually are interested in updates. To be frank,
this keyring is what I'm dropping into my own PGP, other than that it's
not too exciting. If you get a copy, please tell me what you think of the project. The
location is ftp to bert.cs.byu.edu, pub/donring.pgp.  Unfortunately I
don't know if you can tack that together as a ftp:// address. If you do,
try ~ftp/pub/donring.pgp for good measure. I have suggested in the past that keyserver software could be modified to
update the web of trust (using a keyfile such as mine for a base) instead
of accepting just any key. I am not capable of making such modifications
to the keyserver program, nor do I know of a keyserver operator who is
willing to run such a system. A "for real" web of trust keyserver would
want to fully expand my keyring by adding what I left out - those keys who
are signed by included keys, but are not themselves included because they
were not a seed and have not signed an included key. Having coded that, an
update system that checks for a relation to a already-included key would
be trivial. A second issue is that "The Web" of trust depends on the keys used to seed
it. It's very possible that many of unimi's (for example) key file (500k
bigger than MIT) keys do not have signatures connecting them to the people
who came out with PGP, but have a robust web of trust none the less. Unless the project can obtain a seed which connects to that web, none of
it is included. However, as I stated, that is a fact which will _encourage_ people to seek each other out for key signing.
I suppose I could also make a list of the keyring generation script, if
anyone actually wanted to ftp it. It would take between 15 and 35 hours to
run on a 386 Linux box such as mine, mere hours on a big, fast box. There
is really no need for it except to regenerate the keyring, for paranoia
purposes or other reasons.            fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-07 21:47:47
@_author: Heh 
@_subject: Ring: Server problem 
My server has had problems with both incoming ftp and rz. Not only is it
very flakey, but they've mis-applied a timeout lately, meaning I have to
press a key every 10 minutes during ftp or the process gets killed. Oh,
and they did that just before becoming very busy.
I delayed announcing my keyring until I could physically transfer the
keyring by disk. After getting mail reporting it being corrupted, I had
to delete it. It's possible that when I mounted my disk, it could have
defaulted into an ascii conversion. I am currently trying to uuencode
the entire file and mail it to myself from my local machine. (Heh)
If that fails, the keyring will unfortunately not be available until
tomorrow, when I can physically transfer it.
Sorry for the delay.

@_date: 1995-09-08 00:26:07
@_author: Bryce Wilcox 
@_subject: Re: Announce: Web of Trust Ring 
First: after mailing myself the file in 16k chunks... the ring is up, and
intact. The only difference from what the original was supposed to be is
that both of my keys are now assigned a trust of unknown instead of undefined. *shrug* My original message details the brute-force approach I took, and the
imperfections that it intails. If everybody who signed a key recieved a
signature back from the same person, the ring I generated really would be
"The" WoT. (I don't mean to center on "my ring" versus local WoTs that
people have, but I centered around Warlord, Zimmermann, and Jeff S., and
seeing as how those happen to be keys that come with PGP, that's where I'd
imagine most people would start looking.) Unfortunately, there are a lot
of nobodies included just because they signed someone elses key. For the
same reason, someone who was signed by a well-known key, but didn't sign
back, and didn't sign anybody elses key who was included, didn't make it
to the ring. Imperfections aside, the ring is 4.5 meg smaller than the
unimi keyring, which makes it Pretty Good[tm]. (ha ha)
I forgot to mention it before, but this keyring is most accurately
described as a keyring full of some of the people who are more relevant to
the Web of Trust than lots of the people who aren't in the keyring. PGP lets you define how many levels of trust you want. Due to the way
in which the ring was constructed, I'd guess that the longest chain could
not be longer than 6-8 keys. No kidding. I ran the program with high priority most of the time, but
I was doing on my home 386... Hence the 4-6 hour runtimes per pass.
YEEEEEEESSSSSSS, there are. (Hint: check for It's still full of _nobodies_ who only got in because they signed a known
key of someone they never met and mailed it to a keyserver. Unfortunately,
I don't have the technical abilities to check for mutual signatures, or
only include keys that are signed by someone already in the WoT. That's _my_ expert statistical analysis...
There's a couple people that have half a zillion sigs. Many people have
signed someone else's key but have noone else's sig on their own. If we talk about the WoT instead of the WoN (web of nobodies) then I would
guess faking 2-3 specific (attacker-chosen) people would cut off a good
share of the keys, 4-5 for many more, and about 500 (ok, maybe only 15-25)
for some of the well connected people. For jargon's sake we can call those the Dial-up, the ISDN and the T3 people
- -Don the Dialup

@_date: 1995-09-09 14:00:04
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
This would be a neat addition to PGP. It would be fun to take random
data and slap PGP headers on it, and maybe throw in a real encryption
that doesn't report the true IDEA key. It would be a valuable trick
for StealthPGP / stego systems, if we ever need it.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-10 21:43:09
@_author: at least claimed to 
@_subject: Re: Document Fingerprinting 
Will French:
I seem to recall a lawsuit where somebody like Tandy was suing
somebody else, claiming they copied the computer's rom code.
As proof they pulled out the competitors computer, pressed a
certain key combination, and the Tandy copyright flashed up on
the screen. As I also recall, they LOST the suit believe it or
Anybody heard of this? Cerca 1988-1991 I believe. Sure shows
what a slick lawyer can get you out of...
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-12 03:46:13
@_author: tm 
@_subject: Questions on PGP3.0 
Ok, any of you who are involved in PGP 3.0, please fess up. I know that
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
it's not even into the RealSoonNow(tm) stages, so I have some questions
about features, like are they being addressed/considered/rejected:
1) Extracting & using the IDEA keys
2) Old ID strings retained for signatures, but maybe less obvious
3) Ignoring new ID strings not signed with the key
4) Some kind of This Key will self-destruct in 1 year type of thing
   so we don't someday have 5 meg keyfiles of revoked keys. Also
   attempts at dating the signatures on the assumption of honesty
5) Automagically linked keys for secure/nonsecure work
6) Built in rant-detector/filter
7) Add-an-ad, for example "This PGP msg brought to you by Coke!"
   to help the PGP project gain commercial support.
8) maybe a non-propagation signature, or something to keep joe sixpack
   from signing a key he just wants to trust (but not declare that trust),    because the sig somehow seems to end up up on a keyserver.
9) Grab-for-the-throat replacement of some of the add-in tools. For
   example, giving PGP some option so that it comes up with a menu, with
   one of the options being to invoke the editor that some other program
   thought it was invoking when it ran PGP.
10) Being able to bypass things like This key not fully certified do you
   want to certify it yourself (y/N).
Just some thoughts, not a wish list or anything. Umm, well that  maybe...
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-13 17:39:41
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Factoring Software (fwd) 
Just saw this on Usenet, was wondering who knows this guy. Obviously not
a cpunk or it would have hit the list right away. Not in the mood to run
code on my account without knowing that I know what it will do.
Newsgroups: sci.math,sci.crypt,alt.security.pgp,sci.math.num-analysis,comp.arch.arithmetic
Organization: The MathWorks, Inc., Natick, MA 01760
Lines: 41
Distribution: inet
NNTP-Posting-Host: puff.mathworks.com
Several people have requested factoring code recently. After thinking
about it I have decided to offer a deal.
I do not have the machine resources I once had, and have some numbers
that I would like factored. They are in the 80-90 digit range. My
code will do an 85 digit number in about 500 hours on a single Sparc-10.
The code is perfectly parallelizable, so 40 machines will do 85 digits
Run time for QS can vary by a factor of 2.5 depending on how "rich" the number being factored is in small quadratic residues.
I will make available my complete Multiple Polynomial Quadratic Sieve
code, along with instructions, to anyone who will factor at least one
of these numbers. This code includes the siever, the code to combine
large primes, the matrix solver (a naiive Gaussian elim over GF(2), but
one which solves a 25K x 25K system in 15 min on a single Sparc), and
the code to multiply everything together and find the factors. I will
also throw in a routine which reads the output file and scans for bad
relations. Sometimes, when running on many machines, I/O errors creep
into the output files. A machine can go down when writing a record, or
there can be a network problem etc. I also have a program which
excizes bad records in the output files And one which sets up multiple
sub-directories with the proper data files so one can run in parallel.
Also included is a program which scans the output files in these
multiple sub-directories and counts the number of relations found.
There is also a program to predict (fairly accurately!) how close to
done you are based on output from the counting program.
This code will also include a decent collection of fast, very portable
multiple precision routines.
All this is for the taking if you guarantee to factor just one number for

@_date: 1995-09-15 01:48:22
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Why ecash is traceable 
Excellent discussion on the subject, actually. However, your idea of
the "first person to the bank" maintaining anonymity via remailer block
is flawed. First of all, if a collusion with the bank is being taken into
account, presumably sufficient enough resources are involved that someone
may try and track the reply block. Mixmaster (as your messages mentioned
by name) would be necessary to eliminate the chance of tracking the block
through combinations of replay attacks etc. (Which reminds me, has anyone
implemented an Expiration date on Type I remailers yet?? I remember someone
telling me it was being put into the RFC) However, mix does not have a
reply block system. Nor are there any Type I -> Mix gateways, for reasons
mentioned months ago. (PS, For historical sake, I was a strong supporter
of a Shamir Sharing Shell Game[tm] with the type I message. Everything
during those months came out of a rant program, so I can hardly expect you
to have saved them)
Soooo... Anyone up for a Shamir Sharing Shell game? Of course, a drop
box system would be *much* sexier. Combined with, say, an encrypted socket,
or maybe MIXing a packet straight to your door. (Every client a mix site,
remember? Just make yourself a mix key and give it to the drop box. I
figure if the TLA has you by then, you might as well trust the drop-box
operator too)
Cypherpunk archives seem to have been down for a month, and a mailto://
didn't wake anybody up.
I got a message from Bob Silverman, apparently he would not be opposed
to giving his software to the C-punk key Cracking Ring, Inc. as a group
on the understanding that the group lend him some factored numbers.
He reports having no PGP key, so getting a PGP sig won't be happening.
Perhaps someone who knows him or someone who knows about factoring
software would volunteer to get the goods? ObHiMom: Hi Mom.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-15 21:51:32
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Why ecash is traceable 
Re: ecash being non-tracable if anon accounts are allowed...
And if not, a market will probably develop to launder ecash.

@_date: 1995-09-16 15:04:33
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: All Online Lusers, cryptoTCP 
Well, I read the tip on how to find out if AOL is checking
what I download. The good news is, they're DEFINATELY NOT. ;)
Anybody have a link to the encrypted TCP driver? I remember
the original annoucement didn't give a link.
"So what you're saying is, if too many people are breaking into my house,
I should leave the key under the doormat so the police can chase the
crooks???"            fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-18 20:50:14
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: Musings 
I noticed Sameer's release had some nice shots at ITAR. Heh. When aiming
for outsiders, it might be productive to explain what cpunks do in a I'm-
ok-you're-ok sorta way. For example, "the cryptographic research group I was thinking last night about the process of verifying that someone
had swept the keyspace that they claimed to have swept. (Umm, well,
so much for Mozilla, but ya know, next time...) and I wanted to run
this idea past Those Who Know[tm]:
When doling out a segment of 16M keys, attach results of two randomly
chosen garbage decryptions. The bruter has to report back which two keys
they are. The overhead would add up, but I don't think it would be
significant. Or if a stronger method is needed, provide the MD5 hash
of the garbage decryptions. Maybe with a discriminator or something, so
you only MD5 a few thousand.
Anyway, the idea is that if you have to prove that you swept a big
enough chunk to find the two keys, you've proven that you've swept
a great portion of the keyspace. Of course, this does nothing to
prevent _withholding_ a result. But it does prove that most of the keyspace has been swept; and most likely the search continued even after the two keys are found. This would make it much more possible to give consolation prizes without worrying about false NAKs of big segments. If anyone is still interested in that idea.
Picked up the Quadratic Sieve factoring program from Mathworks. Haven't
had a chance to compile it yet, but Bob Silverman told me in email he
was willing to make it available to a group such as [The Cryptographic Research Foundation] Cyperpunks.
ObHamilton '95:
Pulled up my tomorrow's stock pages. Netscape takes a big hit, but not
big enough for a foolish thing like that. I hope none of my banks go around setting their safe combinations to 1234 or anything...  ;|
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Death threats ALWAYS pgp signed
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-09-26 23:22:02
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Windows MixMaster Client 
There are none.
You mean the nym server at alpha.c2.org? It seems to have about a 1 week
delay on it...
Be sure the reply block that you give it is your own, and that you tell
alpha which remailer the reply block goes to.

@_date: 1995-10-26 19:37:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Linux security issues 
Has anyone heard of any information on the Linux swap partition,
for example, if it does me the favor of storing my pgp passphrase?
Anyone who's interested in compiling PGP under ELF, add ASMDEF="-DSYSV"
to the end of their linux make line.

@_date: 1995-10-27 15:48:21
@_author: for my own use, mostly 
@_subject: Mail to News gateways 
I am compiling a quick list (for my own use, mostly) of mail 2 news
gateways to link to from my homepage. (As opposed to, for example,
posting it to Usenet or something)
A while back there was Yet-Another-Rehash[tm] of this theme and I
saved the messages: Homer's lightlink.com and Alex de Joode's
mail2news used to be alive, but either wasn't getting the
groups I was posting to or it was shut down. (Sameer: email me please
about this)
Anyway, if anyone knows of anything else please tell me.
Oh, and the URL is Oh, by the way, anyone have any cool PGP/crypto icons to Inline into
my web page?

@_date: 1995-10-09 19:33:40
@_author: "Don M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
Ah, but you're being sucked in by the True Name game. Suppose the
Medussa in the middle is the one who meets you. What is he/she going
to do, whip out a passport that says "Pr0duct Cypher" across it?
The only way to prevent that is if the nym has a public identity, and
a way to prove a link to that identity. The only reason to meet in
person is to verify a True Name[tm]. If I want people to know that I
trust Pr0duct Cypher, I can encrypt my signature to the PC key with PC"s
public key, that I already know is his because that's what he sends out
with his source code. The information is only useful to the holder of
the key, that being PC. I am, though, relying on the MITM to not be
all-powerful. Mitch in the Middle could have intercepted all Pr0duct
Cypher messages and put in his/her own key. As long as the real PC is
unaware of the fake PC, or is unable to raise the alarm, there is NOOO
way of detecting PC having been isolated by Mitch. As I said, what are
you going to ask for, besides something relating to a key published along
with reputation-building material.
So who is Pr0duct Cypher then? And why should I have to produce ID saying my name is Don, unless I'm proving my Real Name[tm] is Don.
But there's no way to prove that there's no MITM. But "middle" is a
subjective term. If Mitch has become sophisticated enough to meet
in person with a magic ID, and write cryptocode on the spot, I'm no
longer dealing with Medussa In the Middle, I'm dealing with someone
pretending to agreeing with me, when really they are opposed to my

@_date: 1995-10-10 23:59:21
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: MITM garbage 
First of all, I think this "you can't prove there's no MITM, so might as
well not use crypto at all" stuff that some people believe is garbage. Once you've successfully gotten your key out, Mitch can't expect to mount
an effective MITM attack "against" you. [isolating someone else from you
is a different story] In fact, Mitch can't really MITM anyone who has any
kind of cryptocontact with the general public. Obtaining a single
non-mitch public key cuts the attack down the middle. Being able to get
your key out without it being intercepted also foils the attack, since one
there is suspicion of a MITM attack, people are going to investigate. You
can't erase crypographic evidence of MITM activity, either. So, once your
keys are actually "out there", you can no longer be effectively attacked
without leaving messy trails here or there. The other problem, of course, is how do you know you haven't already been
MITM'd. You don't. You can't, unless you expose it by publishing your key
to someone though a channel that can't be D.O.S.'d. Publishing a hash/sig of
future posts is not terribly practical, because not only does the hash/sig
have to be expected beforehand but what the hash is for has to be known as
well. If I publish a detached signature of something (could be my key, or
might not be) then Mitch will just have to make something up, make a sig
for it, and publish THAT. Posting the source code to RC5, for example, after sending out a hash
first means that Mitch will have to send out whatever it was he hashed in
place of my hash, and then make HIS hash of RC5 code, then quickly follow
up with the actual code that I was kind enough to mail to him. And since
Medussa is by definition "in the middle" I don't ever realize that any of
that happened. I suppose the "overloading the processors" works well if
you can be sure you've overloaded it, which means not only that you know
already what Mitch's power is, but you know of someone else (a group
perhaps) that has even MORE power, such that Mitch will stick out in the
timing. So, if you ask me, none of _those_ methods are very trustworthy considering
the resources you have to have already assigned to Mitch - after all, keeping a 24 hour Medussawatch on you and your whole ISP is tough work. Going _through_ Mitch is not easy.
I agree-On the other hand, it's not terribly difficult to go _around_
Mitch.  I mean, just how many of the following things has Mitch done:
Watch all the ISP's in town and all the phone lines you can use to call
them.  Filter your work/school ISPs. Filter all your net-using neighbors,
co-workers, and friends' accounts. etc. All it takes is to get one
non-Mitch public key. Of course, once the MITM gig is up, the option of locking you in a room since 1983 will make Mitch the "new you", meaning there is no longer a middle. (Fortunately, though, Bob was MITM'ing Mitch at the same time,
and now you're both out of the loop and Bob has the goods now, cuz what's Mitch gonna do about it?)
How do you know you're not giving your key to Mitch. And how do you know
that Mitch isn't headed over to Alice's later on to pretend to be you and give Alice "your" key?
Don "Medussa for short"
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -      or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Junk mail to root
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-10-14 01:16:37
@_author: "Donald M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Guess what I found... 
Newsgroups: comp.os.ms-windows.win95.misc,alt.fan.bill-gates,alt.privacy
References: <45h0v7$579
I registered as Richard E. Graves (changing middle initials and adding an
unnecessary suite number to your address are good ways to track who has
been selling whom your address). Richard E. Graves also received mail from
Microsoft says they don't sell their mailing lists. Clearly, someone has
taken advantage of security holes in the NT servers that make up MSN and
*stole* the mailing lists. Maybe unauthorized external access accounts for
the abysmal performance of MSN, in part.
 moderator of the win95netbugs list

@_date: 1995-11-02 15:21:10
@_author: Andreas Bogk 
@_subject: MD5 of CFS131, hacktic 
I diffed 1.3 that CFS that I got from att research. The package arrived
to hacktic intact.
I sent PGP-signed MD5 of 1.3.1 to utopia, but got this back:
Hmmmm ok. Well, I'll sign it again, for you Cpunks. If you get a different
MD5 (this is everything AFTER the cutmarks) we can diff it.
           fRee cRyPTo!   jOin the hUnt or BE tHe PrEY
PGP key -    or PubKey servers (0x994b8f39)
  June 7&14, 1995: 1st amendment repealed.  Junk mail to root
* This user insured by the Smith, Wesson, & Zimmermann insurance company *

@_date: 1995-11-05 04:06:10
@_author: "PGP" 
@_subject: Crypto++, Cpunk Icons, list noise 
And the efforts are appreciated. Of course, your original efforts can
still be appreciated at utopia.hacktic.nl. I don't know about everyone else, but that TCP encryption sounded
interesting. Any plans to discuss it on the list?

@_date: 1995-11-17 18:01:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Ecash account 
So who here is going to use their ecash account to set up a money
lau^H^H^Hexchange service?
Ob Cyphernoise: Would Dr Fred, Alice, and any other names LD has set up
for himself lately please keep the noise limited to email? Please?
Ob Plonk: amen. So let it be written, so let it be plonked.

@_date: 1995-11-11 02:31:17
@_author: ECafe Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Noise and the Zen of making it go away 
Reply-To: an407769
Gee, somebody not been reading the list lately?
I think it's true, the list has become the fast lane to dump junk into.
Re the idea of making cpunks subscriber only- that would solve a few
problems, and people could post anonymously if a seperate address were
rigged up ("security through obscurity") as a subscribed address that
throws away anything from cpunks and forwards everything else to cpunks.
The idea being, of course, that if you're not close enough to the action
to know what the current anon-routing address is, you should go away.
At least the bulk of the conspiracypunk stuff has gone away.

@_date: 1995-12-04 02:29:17
@_author: "Don M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: ANNOUNCEMENT: ALICE'S ADDRESS REVEALED. 
Someone posing as Alice said:
Laszlo Vecsey  said:
Not _nearly_ as hard as breaking/finding an appropriately encrypted key.
I for one am not going to even bother with the penet address unless the
posts come from there. After all, it's a forgery anyway. The real Alice
already posted a PGP key. I wouldn't be reading this list if I were
going to fall over for a simple impersonation.
Of course, if our impersonating, trusts-penet-not-PGP-coworkers-think-
of-everything-but-a-packet-sniffer Alice were to post from penet,
then everyone (including procmail ;) would have to believe his claims
of pseudo-identity.
I must say, L.D. is really falling all over himself this time. Maybe
he's just trying to make people *think* he's a cryptobungler, so that he
can keep his other tentacles with whom he converses out of suspicion.
Wishing Emacs had IMAP support cuz here comes mailcrypt

@_date: 1996-01-12 02:22:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: archives 
will whoevers maintaining the cpunk archives please check them, they
don't have anything since new years. And while you're at it, please
put in a mailto: link so that you can be informed directly that they're
down, or do I have to cc to postmaster and root?
Don

@_date: 1996-01-14 00:45:48
@_author: "Don M. Kitchen" 
@_subject: Re: Mail to news gateways 
I maintain a list that I believe to be more accurate than anything else out
there. It's at  It's also
linked from yahoo if you search for cypherpunk, gateway, mail, or news, or
something like those.

@_date: 1996-01-25 18:37:52
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
Lucky sez:
Not to mention all those hidden easter eggs.
Err, I think the idea was to "sell" the OCR source to a foreign puppet
company which then pays any royalties it would be responsible for back to
the real McCoy.

@_date: 1996-02-05 06:58:48
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Wading through lame crap, plus on-topic privacy stuff 
Doesn't anyone bother to delete cpunks from the CC before sending this off
topic stuff? And since I know it's coming, please refrain from trying to
relate it to anything relevant here with some kind of japan-crypto or
wrongful governmental action ObCrypto's. What I had for lunch is just as
irrelevant, but that doesn't mean it becomes relevant if I can somehow
involve encryption.
Dangit, wheres my procmail. Does anyone use gnus for this list? I think
I need a scoring system.
Now for the on-topic stuff. Looking through my mail yesterday, noticed a
credit card application from BofA. Despite the fact that they didn't want
to give me a card three years ago, they have offered a student card to me.
I figured that it was a lucky guess, them knowing I'm a student again. Then
I noticed they were kind enough to fill in my school ("Main Campus" too) into
the appropriate blank. Now, that's either a really good guess, or else they've
been out looking me up. I'm currently writing a letter to BofA telling them
they can kiss my rear if they're going to go around keeping tabs on me. They
should at least be more careful about letting me on to them.
This got me interested in which companies keep track of what information. I'm
now going to write to my other credit companies and ask something like:
   I am interested in knowing what information your company keeps track of       which is not directly related to my credit history, my balance, and my      current address. For example, do you maintain or seek out any of the    following information:
   Change in Marital Status that don't relate to credit account
   change or loss of employment
   spending habits, ie, types of goods, dollar amounts and locations,
     for any purpose
   credit or bank accounts with other companies, for any purpose
Can anyone suggest anything else to ask about? I know, for example, that some
companies keep track of spending so as to be able to call you up if you, for
example, start buying large numbers of cars in asia. Or maybe they have a red
flag that goes up if you start to max out all your other credit cards or
something. But I've run out of things that I think they're keeping track of
that they don't need to. I suppose DNA samples is probably still a bit away.

@_date: 1996-02-05 21:12:27
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Nyms with keys 
I am compiling a list of PGP keys from well known nyms. I only remember a few,
I was wondering if anyone could think of any others:
Pr0duct Cypher
Cypherpunk Enquirer needs one, if nothing more than for kicks
any signatures on RC2, RC4 for HP, etc.
I'd swear there's a couple more but I can't think of them.
Also wondering if anyone besides Bill Stewart has been done anything with
nym-key-signing, especially on a first-come first-serve, no verification
Discovered today that secretly replacing your computer with a can of Folgers
crystals(TM) undermines all online security. I will be applying for a patent
soon which uses a Mr Coffee(TM) machine to detect this invasion.
PS: ObNukes: None.

@_date: 1996-02-07 11:39:48
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: FV's blatant double standards 
Nathaniel Borenstein of FV (not accepted at c2, by the way) said:
Is that the same sort of "alerted" that would happen when a keyboard-sniffer-
detecter detects a keyboard-sniffer? Or is it the kind of alerted like
"The keyboard sniffer program was alerted by the OS that it could kiss
off if it wants access to the keyboard"
Or is it something entirely different, like "The government was alerted
that someone was buying a few too many plane tickets to [foreign coutry here]"

@_date: 1996-02-08 18:35:43
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: POTP gets good press 
bryce sez:
You mean you don't have this capability? Gee, I've had this for months,
ever since the mother ship^H^H^H^Hmy mother gave me the proprietary program.
*sigh* Cypherpunks teach. I think we'd better brace for this, cuz most of
the important code is already written. (PGP 3.0 and PGP stealth people, this
doesn't apply, and definately any end-to-end stuff is needed)
Unfortunately, you can't set up a CGI counter to tick off the number of time
encryption saved your data, not to mention your butt, but it would sure make
good PR if you could.

@_date: 1996-02-08 18:58:35
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks press 
ecarp sez:
My feeling is that Mitnick getting past security, and Mitnick not having
to decrypt at every stage, and stuff like that is good material, but these
topics generally have big ol' love handles attached to them. Describing
people's hot tub parties, for example, is not exactly cypherpunk material.
NeoNazi mirrors for freedom, in the same way, are central (or at least
directly related) to what cypherpunks fight for, but then the resulting
discussion about the morals of war, and whether it was right or wrong
are also slightly outside of the cypherpunks relevance, despite the fact
that information was or was not freely readable because of cryptograpy.
Discussing cryptography does not make it necessary to provide an in-depth
historical review (and subsequent flamewar) on the resulting consequences.
We know what happened at Hiroshima. Lets talk about future consequences
instead please.
I am imagine many people use (and I am headed this way) nntp.hks.net merely
to avoid large boring non crypto/political threads. Not everyone has this
capability, and now some of them have left because of the S/N. I'm talking
about real cryptographers, not weekend warriors like, well, ok I'm more like
a yearend warrior.On the other hand, Alice and others haven't posted lately,
so perhaps the noise is just the fill-the-vacuum pheonominon.
Perhaps he is. I am. Are you?

@_date: 1996-02-08 20:36:08
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks press 
lunaslide sez:
I think social issues are appropiate. I'm just giving examples (and I think
Perry throws himself to the floor when he sees this stuff come across the
list) where people chain: cryptograpy->war advantage->war ended with nukes->
many people killed->morality of killing those people->can'twealljustgetalong
My feeling is that near the "war ended with nukes" and beyond belongs in email.
Speaking of social implications, however, I notice that yahoo has blacked
their page to protest CDA. That is a major PR point right there. I hope
enough big, visible places do so as well. Hopefully this will get some kind
of real press. Probably "Major firms voice support for raping of children" or
something, knowing the slant they tend to put on things...
My feeling is that once stealth PGP is out, there's *no*way* Congress could
get away with legislating away the privacy and security that would provide.
ObReallyNoisyNow: I wonder how long it will be until crypto/stego/hidden
messages/no fear of accessing forbidden sites takes off in China... Yeah
right like they're going to be able to keep track of the number of people
that are eventually going to have internet.

@_date: 1996-02-11 16:03:24
@_author: key 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: Anonymity 
In a project relating to the need for anonymous remailers, I would like
to find out about someone in particular. (I would like to do so without the
resulting information getting circulated any more than it probably already
is.) Specifically, I have a full name and an email and am curious how much
information can be collected. (whoever has those US-population CD's, that's
the kind of thing I'm looking for) Preferrably I would like to go from
the email address only to a SSN or address or something unique, but I will make the two of them my starting point if necessary. The point being, of course, that anonymous remailers are the only thing
that keeps many email addresses from becoming a life history.
Anyone who can help me research please send PGP encrypted (key 0x994b8f39)

@_date: 1996-02-20 17:19:45
@_author: 0x994b8f39 
@_subject: Re: should we use same nym on multiple servers? 
*shrug* sounds good
Traffic analysis can happen even with only one address. (just spam attack
the one, or whatever)
You can protect yourself somewhat by putting lots of latency into your reply
block, including random. You could have one nym point to another.
Since expiration dates were "supposed" to be added to type I, and there's at
least some spam-detection code, why not add "Hi, I'm reply block  Watch
for spam attacks from me." warnings inside the reply block. (To be lost on
the next hop, of course)
If good spam-detection code ever catches on in type I, it would be nice to be
able to trigger it yourself. ObSnakeOil: Post your source code or go away, you're wasting bandwidth.
ObNoiseInGeneral: skipping it in leaps and bounds. MUCH quieter. =)

@_date: 1996-02-21 00:12:57
@_author: POTP Jr. 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
I think he meant that it might cost him several $10000 in computing time to
actually demonstrate a flaw, should it be found. Proving the flaw exists
should be enough. If a company really needs unbreakable encryption, a few
hundred thou isn't too much for an attacker to pay for million dollar secrets.
On the other hand, it would be quite a bit for an individual to come up with,
just to illustrate a point.
And this thing about keeping a copy of the one-time-pad, now just why is it
that you need to at all?? After all, if it doesn't arrive safely, then who
knows who has it... And if so, then you don't need a copy that could, say,
accidently get smuggled out and sold to [foreign government, domestic
covernment, competitor, curious onlooker - pick one] for the right sum of
For your next version, you might want to add in the capability for a slight
remixing of the random pool at both ends (a passphrase, for example)
protected by secure-hashing properly-sized chunks. There's nothing like
being able to lock the door behind you, ya know...

@_date: 1996-03-16 18:41:38
@_author: sorry bal, but I couldn't find yours 
@_subject: Announce: WEB OF TRUST keyring 
March 14, 1996:
I announce the first true "web of trust" PGP keyring.
Last year, I attempted to create a keyring containing the web of trust. I
did so, because I was beginning the process of integrating PGP into my
mail and news, and realized that a valid signature did not mean much if I
had to reason to trust the key, not to mention that keyrings were
approaching 5 megabytes, which drastically slowed down searching through
the keyrings. In a web of trust, if A has signed B, then if A is in the keyring, B is
added. My project last year, as a result very crude methods I was using,
added B if B had signed A. This made for significant numbers of junk keys.
I promptly dubbed the keyring the "Web of Nobodies" keyring. There are many people in a much better position than I to do what I have
done. My methods are still somewhat crude. I have written, however, a
program that will generate the keyring with minimal user intervention,
using a seed key as its center.  I am considering releasing the source
instead of just the keyring. The code is sloppy, the methods crude. I
understand that PGP 3.0 will include the capability, so the program is
merely a short term solution to a short term problem. If there is a large
enough demand for the code, I will probably make it available. (Note: I
rely on PGP itself to extract the keys, which takes about 8 hours to
process on an HP9000) I would certainly appreciate feedback from anyone
who uses the keyring. The master keyring I used was a 9.3 megabyte keyring I obtained from the
Norwegian key site at uit.no (sorry bal, but I couldn't find yours).  I
obtained the keyring in late February. As the seed for the web of trust, I
used Derek Atkins's key. I have also inserted the following keys: Pr0duct Cypher  (0x97558a1d)
CancelMoose[tm] (0x538d56a1)
Scamizdat       (0x37a541d1)
Cypherpunk Enq. (0xaa5f5c9d)
Maude X         (0x1ead5e8d)
Black Unicorn was not inserted due to one key being revoked, and the other unsigned. I couldn't find Alice's key, and figured it wasn't worth the
trouble since it's fake anyway. (Or at least that's what the imposter has
convinced everyone.) I don't know of any other keys that should have made
this list.
The keyring is _significantly_ larger than I expected, 2.9 megabytes
uncompressed, although still a third the size of the original master.
Because of the size, I have also put together a second keyring using
stricter parameters. Only keys that were 4 hops from the "center keys"
(specifically, 5 keys between itself and Derek Atkins) were included,
with the additional constraint that _no_ keys with fewer than two links
toward the center (see below) were processed. The resulting keyring was
1 megabyte in size. (Note: the PGP extraction from the "big" keyring took
under 30 minutes)
The keyrings are named weboftrust.big.pgp.gz and weboftrust.small.pgp.gz
respectively. They are both available by anonymous ftp exclusively at
ftp.hacktic.nl / utopia.hacktic.nl, in /pub/replay/pub/pgp/pgp-key-ring.
C2 did not respond to either of two enquiries.
Detached PGP signatures of the .gz files follow:

@_date: 1996-04-01 15:58:22
@_author: Unfortunately my ability to get around will be somewhat limited 
@_subject: Key signing - LA & SF 
I will be in the Los Angeles and San Francisco areas briefly at the end of
April. Anyone who would like to trade keysignatures, please email me. (Unfortunately my ability to get around will be somewhat limited)
ObCypherpunks: I read cpunks by NNTP from nntp.hks.net. Let me assure you, the
apparent noise level has gone down by 90% from when it landed in my mailbox.
Many thanks to those who provide this service.

@_date: 1996-05-14 21:19:15
@_author: Don 
@_subject: Re: Accidental subscriber needs help off of list. 
Uh huh....
unless someone's got a web page that autosubscribes people (and if there
is, please turn it off) I somehow doubt the accuracy of this description.
PS: does anyone know when nntp.hks.net will get cypherpunks working again?
Noise like what I'm writing now is *much* easier to skip via nntp...
