
@_date: 1994-12-12 10:21:56
@_author: Don Doumakes 
@_subject: Re: Real-time surveillance of the police 
The technology of monitoring location is interesting, of course, but why
on earth would the police, who will not consent to civilian review, ever
go along with something orders of magnitude more extreme?
ObCrypto/Privacy:  I suspect there would be an immense amount of radio
traffic involved in keeping track of a substantial group of people, say,
over 1000.  I don't doubt the ability of the device(s) to transmit the
information, but the ability of the receivers to digest it all in real
Don Doumakes             Finger doumakes for PGP public key
Foxpro databases built to your specifications.  Email me for details.

@_date: 1995-01-06 21:55:59
@_author: Don Doumakes 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
I agree, this is an important issue.  But I think it's a separate one
from the question of how users pay for the service.  In other words,
once there's a consensus to have a Guild of for-pay remailers, all the
users should have to do is pay the Guild once.  The Guild can then
haggle over how to divvy up the money.  Hard jobs, such as posting anon
news, should command more money.
On the issue of the medium of exchange, I favor blinded digital cash
with its absolute anonymity.  The "remailer in a box" that we spoke of
earlier would do well to include this capability.

@_date: 1995-01-07 11:27:20
@_author: Don Doumakes 
@_subject: Let's NOT talk about Netcom 
If I wanted to read flamage about Netcom, I'd check out netcom.general,
which is 150 messages a day of, mostly, garbage.  I earnestly request
that we not duplicate that clutter on the cpunks list.

@_date: 1995-01-24 21:04:43
@_author: Don Doumakes 
@_subject: Re: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
I certainly agree with your implication, that professional groups can
and sometimes do use licensing to restrain trade, with an eye toward
feathering their own nests.
But I don't buy your other implication, that it is a Good Thing to
unleash the unlicensed.  Licensing serves, or should serve, a public
good under the following conditions:  (a) consumers don't have the
information necessary to make an informed choice between professionals,
and (b) it is pretty fucking important that the job be done right.
Doesn't make any sense to license those who program video games.  DOES
make sense to license those who design skyscrapers.
Now, there are ways to alleviate the consumer's lack of knowledge.  In
my former racket (professional nursing), there is a lot of talk about
benchmarking:  comparing patient outcomes at different hospitals and
publicizing the results.  Market forces could then react to a nice,
measurable reputation.  But what about new, untested, solo
practitioners?  What about the architect whose buildings are all going
to fall down, ten years from now?  Even with well-publicized
reputations, the consumer doesn't have the necessary information to keep
from getting hurt.  In those circumstances, it's useful to have
standards, and a trusted public agency that certifies a person meets the

@_date: 1995-01-26 21:07:00
@_author: Don Doumakes 
@_subject: Re: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
I think you misunderstand the licensing process.  The standards for a
profession are set by the profession itself.  They decide what is an
adequate curriculum, for example, and what is an adequate amount of
continuing education.  They literally write the questions for the
licensing exam.
They also privately accredit the schools, which is more than adequate to
"keep them honest."
Then the government administers the exam and issues licenses.  The
professional associations could do this themselves, making it an
entirely private affair, but there remains one function that only
government can exert:  the government forbids someone without a license
from functioning as a professional.
In other words, licensing isn't a process of government interference in
professions.  It's a process of professions seeking governmental
imprimateur for their own credentialing process, arguably in the public
(YMMV; there may be exceptional professions that just hated the whole
idea and were dragged into it kicking and screaming, of which I am
ObCrypto:  It's certainly true that crypto will make it easier to
function as a professional without having the credentials.  "On the
Internet, nobody knows you're a quack."  I just see it as something to
endure, rather than something to applaud.
Don Doumakes             Finger doumakes for PGP public key
Foxpro databases built to your specifications.  Email me for details.
