
@_date: 1997-08-28 13:24:19
@_author: David Jablon 
@_subject: Re: Monkey Wrench into the works 
You're rebuttal to Myron's message is simplistically
elegant, but just as wrong as the original posting.
It is perfectly fine to secure a relationship using shared
secrets ... in some situations.  You are wrong in implying
that shared secrets don't work anywhere.  Myron is of course
just as wrong in implying that his (or any) shared secret
scheme will replace the many needs for a public-key
infrastructure.  (As the details on his scheme or intended
applications aren't available, I have no further opinion on it.)
On 8/27/97, James A. Donald replied paraphrasing Ben Franklin,
(who really knew very little about cryptography):
Clearly in many cases parties must share secrets.
You and your bank keep mutual secrets about your money.
You and your doctor keep mutually secret medical data.
It's hardly a burden in many cases to keep a few more
secret bits on a per-user basis, if it can help make
things a lot more secure.
For example, you might look at to see what just a few shared secret bits can really do.
The EKE, SPEKE, and related methods leverage a lowly password
as a strong factor in authentication.
Public-keys and CA's are ideal and necessary for many things,
like mutually anonymous short-lived relations.  The
"one-night-stand" web credit transaction comes to mind.
For long-term relationships, the extra overhead of
additional one-on-one key pre-agreement may often be
insignificant, and I dare say that, in *some* cases,
public-key encryption can be made almost irrelevant.
The best methods of course usually combine these different
paradigms as needed to achieve the most security and
David Jablon

@_date: 1998-09-22 22:50:41
@_author: David Jablon 
@_subject: Re: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
Why be nervous?  It's not that hard to prevent off-line
guessing of the PIN, given access to just the client's stored
data.  Here "impossible" means "as hard as breaking your
favorite PK method".
Here are three ways of authenticating based on PIN + stored key
where the stored client data alone doesn't permit offline PIN
guessing.  These methods are arguably better than using a
simplistic PIN-encrypted private key, if you're concerned
about the client spilling its data.
(1)	Send the PIN separately, encrypted by the server's public key.
(2)	Use the PIN + stored data to derive the private key,
(3)	Verify the PIN (or PIN-derived key) using
Each of these approaches has other benefits and limitations.
where the PIN-encrypted data contains no verifiable plaintext.
David P. Jablon
