
@_date: 1994-12-12 07:12:22
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Articles on RC5 and GOST in January 95 Dr Dobbs Journal 
The Xerox technology is essentially a series of tiny slashes and backslashes.  The slashes stand for a 1 and the backslashes a 0 - or vice-versa.  This gives you a binary data stream that
you can work with.  From what I understand, without looking at them
closely, the area with these slashes looks like a gray screen.
When I first read about this technology a couple of months ago, it was given as a way that sufficiently smart color
copiers could restore original color to a black and white copy.
Of course there are all kinds of other applications....
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:54:49
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
I haven't looked it up yet, but I did hear about the bill on news last night, so I would say it is legit. The number of the devil indeed.
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-07-25 08:17:01
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Exporting from Canada (was Re: Let's try breaking an SSL RC4 key) 
I would use a precompiled version of PGP *if* it came from
and was signed by someone I trusted.
After all - I don't read all the source code - do you?
I would say that if you can sell something that people
would otherwise get for free, then you have added value.
So, pre-compile for a couple of architectures, and then
slap them on a CD-ROM with source.  Definite tangable value from the CD-ROM then.
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-08-04 10:29:20
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: NIST/NCSSC National Information Systems Security Conference 
A couple of days ago I got a booklet about the "18th National Information Systems Security Conference (formerly the National Computer Security Conference) "
being held October 10-13 in Baltimore.  Just a little excerpt about it:
One of the tracks is "The Internet and Beyond"
Several of the sessions look rather interesting.
The "Management and Administration" track includes at least two sessions by D. Denning of Georgetown Univ.
One of them is "Legalities: Will Encryption Keep Out Hackers"
and the other is "Critical Factors of Key Escrow Encryption Systems".  The first of those has a panel of S. Bellovin of AT&T,
M. Higgins of DISA, S. Kent of BBN, and E. Spafford of COAST.
So, is this a converence that is really worth something,
or something that the management heads might learn something at? ;-)
I guess that ordering my personal set of the Rainbow books
gets me on more lists than I thought :-)
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-08-17 14:25:23
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Silly technical question from a non-technical person 
But, what is a good DES target to attack??  SSL was a great target
because it is both visible and because it has a well
defined open specification that made it easy to determine exactly what to attack (unlike Microsoft Access).
I know someone who *used* to be in the ATM transaction business, but is no longer.  Is the code from a credit card
reader DES encrypted?  We could be possible "tap" the serial
port between the reader and the modem and get a byte stream in that manner.... but then again, my knowledge
of those beasts is pretty limited.
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-08-24 13:08:11
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: SSLbrute progress. 
Two hours into it, and the key numbers that brclient is returning
show about 5% allocated already....  That brings this to closure
in around 24 hours - 12hours for 1/2 the space.
Although - I also just checked the status, and it doesn't seem to be up to
date with the keys I am getting, and it doesn't show any that it
does have under my name as being acked.  This could be just a delay
thing I guess, but it could also be that I just updated brloop
and brclient to the latest versions.
Has anyone else thought of putting Damien's slave code that checks for idle tty's, etc into brutessl?
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-11-07 22:29:12
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: toolkits? 
Tim - I think your libertarian side is showing here....
Not that this is a bad thing, but I think there are some things that state governments can and/or should do.
First off - avoid trying to legislate minute details of any encryption
or signature scheme.  Bureaucrats trying to understand, much less control
technical things is doomed to fail.  (take GOSIP as a prime example)
Second - push for legal acceptance of digital signatures and
acceptance of privacy through encryption.  I believe Utah has taken a strong step in this direction.  Most people, businesses, and courts won't accept
digital contracts and the like until there is more of a sound
set of laws behind them.  Strong laws against government snooping or
against anti-encryption or anti-anonymous laws are a good thing IMO.
Besides - laws like that will let the bureaucrats drown themselves
in their own paperwork making sure then follow their own rules - and keep them out of our hair. ;-)
Third - provide services to the citizenry.  For example - provide
a public key server.  Or how about a digital time-stamping service.
If the crap was kept out of these services, and they were free for
anyone to use, then it would advance the idea of encouraging people to
use crypto in their daily lives.
Warning - Although I think there are some good things that governments
can do, it is also very important to watch out for "sabotage" by the government.  Governments tend to like control too much and by
trying to maintain control, reverse a useful service to one that
is a dis-service to the people.  In general, if governments get
out of the way, people will take care of problems themselves.
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-11-09 08:10:33
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: toolkits? 
PGP Public key servers - see MIT's key server as a good example.
Digital time-stamping service - see Betsie (sp?) from Bellcore as a basis.  These are things that are already out there, BUT I think that we can use more services like this.  Comercially
there probably isn't the demand to support these yet, but I think
we have a chicken and the egg problem here.  People can't use
encryption easily if they don't have good access to the tools, but people won't demand services like key-servers until they start useing the tools.
A good service would be to provide and support distribution of of privacy enhancing tools to universities and companies that
want them.  i.e. have people who will help set up firewalls,
PGP, encrypted telnet (pick your flavor), etc. A state wide group that has grants to provide internet connectivity
for universities and companies could have a person that does
nothing but work with these companies to help incorporate encryption into their networks. For instance, my employeer has hardware engineers putting VLSI designs on tape, and then
fed-ex'ing them to the chip manufacturer, because they can't get good encryption set up that allows secured ftp transfers.
(and get the manufacturer to agree to the same encryption technology, etc. etc. etc.)
Yes - I know that most of this stuff is out there already,
but having people *willing* to integrate it for you without
charging an arm and a leg would go a long way towards convincing the
suits that this is a *good* thing.  Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-11-21 23:21:03
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Get your own ITAR 
I just called this number and was given the following instructions:
Fax your request to (703)875-6647 Attn Donna Davis, include your name and address. Allow 10-15 days for US mail or include your Fed-Ex account number for faster service.
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX

@_date: 1995-11-11 14:02:28
@_author: Daniel R. Oelke 
@_subject: Re: Who needs time vaults anyway? 
The problem here is that it is probablistic when they are going to be able to unlock it.  If the search space will take a
total of 10 years to exhaustively search, there is a 50% chance
that they will find the key within 5 years, 10% chance that it
will be found in 1 year, etc.  So, if you are lucky, it will
be found in about the time you want it to be.  If you aren't it
will be found in a few milli-seconds.
There is also the problem that your intended recipeient will
need to expend just as much work as your advesary to decrypt
the message.  This might not be a disadvantage in the case of a "broadcast" message, but otherwise it might be.
Good idea - but I would say not pratical....
Now, if we just had an objects between 1 and 10 light years away that you could bounce lasers off of...... ;-)
Dan Oelke                                  Alcatel Network Systems
droelke                             Richardson, TX
