
@_date: 1995-09-19 21:49:26
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Verification of Random Number Generators 
--------
The problem with a statistic is that it assumes an independent variable.  If the variable is not truely independent (which happens with some frequency in real world analysis), any purported statistical result is meaningless (undefined, to be more precise).  Clearly, the hack of netscape relied on the fact that the vairable was not independent.
This is almost right.  Statistical tests work fine if they are conducted on independent variables.

@_date: 1995-09-20 20:47:52
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft (fwd) 
Many technologies have both patented parts and trade secret parts.  Often, companies will maintain information that is in patent applications as trade secret until they are granted.  I guess I should say _if_ they are granted!  After a patent is granted, it is usually a good idea to also maintain some trade secrets in your products -- since trade secrets never "expire," unlike patents.  If the patent isn't granted, you still have the option of treating the contents as an intellectual property under trade secret protection.

@_date: 1995-09-20 22:55:00
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Entropy vs Random Bits 
I've been watching the debate and discussion unfold on usable sources of random data from environments, user actions, etc.  I have a vocabulary question (and something of a bone to pick as a mathematician and physicist). Usually, the term "entropy" is being used to characterize one of two different things: (i) random data, as in "300 bits of entropy," and (ii) the "randomness" of data (i.e. high degree of variance in a statistic drawn from it), as in "you can find a lot of entropy in the low order bits of a timed interval between keystrokes."  I suspect that there are other shades of meaning intended in other uses as well.
This is odd.  The term entropy describes an aspect of thermodynamic equlibrium in physical systems.  Although sometimes used as a synonym for "random," that definition is vernacular, not technical.  In fact, there is no meaningful relationship between "entropy" and random data of the type described in the postings related to seed values.  In the presense of a perfectly suitable and precise mathematical term (i.e. random), why invent new terms?  Why use them to mean at least two different things?

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:23:30
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: Patents and trade secrets 
Often,
Sure, they have to put their "best mode" of performing their invention into the patent application.  While the patent is pending (at least in the US), the patent application is confidential, so if the patent is denied, or if the patent is not as broad as the inventor would have liked, they can withdraw the application without the information contained in it ever becoming public.  In Europe, publication occurs automatically after 18 months, so the inventor has less time there to make a go/no go decision, but they can still do it.
In some respects, the existing system gives you most of what you want -- if you can't get patent protection for an idea, you can fall back on trade secret protection (which you didn't have to give up just to try to get a patent).  It seems pretty harsh to me that just making a stab at getting a patent would mean that all of your hard work could just slip away into the public domain if it wasn't quite up to snuff.  Sure would make me swallow

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:43:44
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Patents and trade secrets 
Sure disclosure is required.  There is no requirement; however, that an invention be your _whole_ product.  For example, most automobiles have thousands of patents involved in their creation.  It is entirely possible, even commonplace, as I said in my mail, that one or more portions of a product represent practice of patented inventions, and one or more _other_ portions represent trade secrets.
That depends.  Obviously, trade secret protection can be very effective for processes involved in manufacturing physical goods.  In software, it depends on whether what you are treating as a secret becomes widely known (after which, self-evidently, it is no longer a secret!)  For example, if one where to keep the mathematics behind MD5 a trade secret, it is plausible that it would never be "figured out" just from examining object code that implements the algorithm.  It doesn't matter if it theoretically could be done, just that it hasn't actually happened.

@_date: 1995-09-21 00:25:01
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Entropy vs Random Bits 
The throw isn't random, the data read from the die after it is thrown is random.  The use of the term in many of the postings I have read indicate the need for an "unpredictable" quantity in most cases.  This quantity may be drawn from a source that has entropy, but it is random.
In thermodynamics, counting states in this fashion is a dicey proposition, but I appreciate the clarification.  Still, it seems to me that the property "bits of entropy" is often substituted for the actual "bits of random data" and is just as puzzling as gathering the "entropy of cool steam"!  One can't _do_ anything with a dimensionless measurement.  By which I mean, the measure of a property of data is not the data itself, so it still seems like the usage is odd, at times.  However, your explanation does address some of the phrases I have seen.
Does this mean that entropy is conserved in information theory?

@_date: 1995-09-21 18:38:56
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: Prosecution of Cracking Security Systems 
Actually, Lehman's report does not recommend this harsh of a measure.  The report recommends penalties (some criminal) for tampering with and disabling mechanisms that are protecting copyright for protected works, and the protected works themselves.  If a hacker operating in the "public service" mode you described were tampering with and/or disabling a protection mechanism that was applied to their own works, or test patterns and the like, they wouldn't fall under the recommended guidlines.  It is pretty clear from my reading that you need to have an intent to violate copyright (i.e. steal stuff) in order to trigger the penalties.
Who knows how badly Congress will mangle all of this...

@_date: 1995-09-21 18:53:54
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft 
No.  It just moves the prior art date from the date of invention to the date of filing the patent application.

@_date: 1995-09-22 13:19:55
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft 
Unless Alice made public statements about her invention, you are right.  Something becomes prior art when it is made public.  If she (like most patent lawyers will advise) kept her mouth shut about what she had invented until her patent application was filed, she would lose under first to file rules (assuming step three is that Alice files a patent application).
A quick trip to the soapbox:  First to files rules are good for big companies, and bad for small inventors.  Big companies have many lawyers, and know exactly how each step of the process works.  Small inventors usually don't know the process as well, usually have to scrape together the thousands of dollars necessary to pursue a patent, and then find a good lawyer that they can trust -- all while ensuring that they don't break one of the rules about how you must treat your invention before filing.
Moral: First to invent rules, like "natural copyright," are good for the little guy because they base patent decisions on when the important things (i.e. invention and reduction to practice) happened, not administrative things (i.e. complex documents filed with dotted i's and crossed t's).

@_date: 1995-09-22 17:50:33
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: RNG Resource FAQ (was Re: "random" number seeds vs. Netscape) 
# You might want to read RFC 1750,
Can someone point me to a compilation of such information ?  If not, I'm
definitely interested in starting a Web page to chronicle recommendations
about good, bad, and questionable random and pseudo-random sources for
specific architectures and operating systems. (It could also include
information on special-purpose plug-in hardware RNGs.)
 -Futplex Having overcome my initial skepticism on the entire topic of entropy, based on the useful pointers to the literature I have received, I agree wholeheartedly with the need for _positive_ design criteria against which designs may be evaluated.  For initial consideration, I recommend the The entropy E is defined by the sum across n states of -P_i log_2(P_i), where i ranges from 1 to n, and P_i is the probability of state i.  In order for this expression to have meaning, the all four criteria of the following must be met:
1)  The states exist and can be identified.
2)  The number of states n is known.
3)  The index value i uniquely identifies a state.
4)  The function P_i is known and well-behaved.
The designer should disprove the negative of each of these to arrive at a _concise_ statement of their "proof" of measured entropy equating to predicted entropy.  For example, the designer should "disprove" the statements: "The states do not exist.  Even if the states exist, they cannot be identified." by clearly stating the factors that lead to the existence of the states, and precisely why they can be identified.  This provides a list of requirements (in effect) for a deployment to meet the expected entropy.
I think that application of these criteria can rigorously explain the difficulties in using mouse movements, for example, as a source of entropy.  In addition, the problems with clocks in PC emulations on Macs also speak to these criteria.  Certainly the entropy available from pid is also explained here in a rigorous way.
I would appreciate feedback on this as a foundation for a set of _positive_ design criteria for sources of entropy.  If I have missed information in the literature that provides design guidance (not anecdotal pitfalls, which are very valuable but lack rigor in the cases I have seen), I would very much appreciate that as well.  A special thanks to Tim May for his references.

@_date: 1995-09-25 16:20:48
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: `Random' seed. 
While this comment provides some general information, it does not give the expected entropy in the form of testable assumptions.  A first step in this direction is to provide the entropy series used to arrive at the 16 bit per 32 bit word estimate.  The second step, as I recommended last week (RE: RNG Resource FAQ... on 9/22), is to provide a concise argument drawn directly from the mathematical weaknesses of the entropy series.  In that post, I posed the following four criteria because they address the mathematical (theoretical) weaknesses of the entropy series, while using a vocabulary that should be sensible to a rigorous designer:
1)  The states exist and can be identified.
2)  The number of states n is known.
3)  The index value i uniquely identifies a state.
4)  The function P_i is known and well-behaved.
In this way, an analyst can review both the entropy series itself, and a _concise_ statement of the criteria under which the series is defined (i.e. when the 4 mathematical weaknesses have been appropriately addressed), and the argument "why" has been scrutinized against the code or proposed design.

@_date: 1995-09-25 16:35:08
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: More on "Entropy" 
Indeed.  I was able to track down the literature, and it is most interesting.  I am still a little bit skeptical of the "superset including thermodynamic entropy" school of thought, but I haven't finished reading all of the materials yet!  Clearly, the IT "version" of entropy is a well defined and useful thing....
I'll read with that endoresement in mind.  Your thoughts on rigorous, _concise_, design criteria for sources of entropy would be appreciated (unless there is good quality work in the literature I haven't come to yet).

@_date: 1995-09-25 16:48:37
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: Netscape "random" number seed generator code available 
In the spirit of showing work, how about a run through the entropy series?

@_date: 1995-09-26 14:56:32
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: `Random' seed. 
While this comment provides some general information, it does not give the expected entropy in the form of testable assumptions.  A first step in this direction is to provide the entropy series used to arrive at the 16 bit per 32 bit word estimate.  The second step, as I recommended last week (RE: RNG Resource FAQ... on 9/22), is to provide a concise argument drawn directly from the mathematical weaknesses of the entropy series.  In that post, I posed the following four criteria because they address the mathematical (theoretical) weaknesses of the entropy series, while using a vocabulary that should be sensible to a rigorous designer:
1)  The states exist and can be identified.
2)  The number of states n is known.
3)  The index value i uniquely identifies a state.
4)  The function P_i is known and well-behaved.
In this way, an analyst can review both the entropy series itself, and a _concise_ statement of the criteria under which the series is defined (i.e. when the 4 mathematical weaknesses have been appropriately addressed), and the argument "why" has been scrutinized against the code or proposed design.

@_date: 1995-09-26 14:56:30
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: More on "Entropy" 
Indeed.  I was able to track down the literature, and it is most interesting.  I am still a little bit skeptical of the "superset including thermodynamic entropy" school of thought, but I haven't finished reading all of the materials yet!  Clearly, the IT "version" of entropy is a well defined and useful thing....
I'll read with that endoresement in mind.  Your thoughts on rigorous, _concise_, design criteria for sources of entropy would be appreciated (unless there is good quality work in the literature I haven't come to yet).

@_date: 1995-09-26 14:57:20
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: Netscape "random" number seed generator code available 
In the spirit of showing work, how about a run through your entropy series?

@_date: 1995-09-28 13:51:15
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: More on "Entropy" 
Sure, this formulation can be used.  As a pedagogic tool for explaining what a theory is all about, many formulations are discussed as if they have application in real world situations.  Of course (for pedagogic reasons), these discussions focus on systems in which there is a definition, and typically a well-behaved mathematical model, for all of the significant states.  Some instructors believe this will assist students in appreciating the concepts of statistical mechanics and quantum thermodynamics.
To build a working apparatus (or software systems, as we are discussing here), the designer is typically faced with the breakdown of well-behaved mathematical models.  Everything from degenerate states to the "baked in" uncertainty of certain states tends to undermine the mathematical foundations of a theorist's constructions.  Of course the theoretical models are absolutely critical, but the designer must always caution themselves against drawing inferences without measurements and clearly stated rationales that speak to these physical realities that lead to mathematical weaknesses.  Ultimately, the probabilistic nature of such systems may be "moved around," but not removed from the model!
Since the real world of actual measurements interferes with essentially everything we claim to "know" about quantities such as entropy, the real danger is assigning an independent "meaning" to these constructs.  Why?  Because these quantities do not exist independently, they only exist with respect to our predictive models of a system's behavior.  So these models do not really "enumerate" anything about states, but rather restate the probability assumptions of the model in the form of a "working equation."
In addition, drawing inferences as to the behavior of systems based on common mathematical form is simply inviting trouble, even at the theoretical level.  Mathematical models are not the real world, and the superficial mathematical consistency between say, the functional form of a resonance in a quantum well and a marble in a bowl, does not mean that the marble gives any special insight into the nature of the quantum well.  In fact, beyond the curiosity of similar equations, the most important information is in the distinctions and clarifications (emanating from theory) between the systems from a practical, apparatus building, real world perspective (as contrasted with the "everything is just a special case of X" perspective).
This danger is also present in designs for sources of entropy to seed RNGs for random data or to create uniformly distributed keys.  Well designed models will avoid rephrasing assumptions as conclusions, and will explicitly address the mathematical weaknesses upon which the theoretical arguments in support of the model are ultimately based.

@_date: 1995-09-29 15:59:38
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Elementrix Press Release 
ELEMENTRIX ANNOUNCES REVOLUTIONARY ENCRYPTION
     FOR INTERNET AND ALL DIGITAL COMMUNICATION ANNOUNCED AT
     NETWORLD + INTEROP
POTP Secure Mail, Secure FTP Avoid Limitations of Existing Systems
    NEW YORK, Sept. 29 /PRNewswire/ -- Elementrix Technologies, Inc. has
announced a security technology for digital communications based on the
only encryption method which is considered unbreakable.  The method,
POTP (Power One Time Pad) eliminates the weaknesses that allow break-ins
to existing systems.
    Two products which feature this technology, POTP Secure Mail and
POTP Secure FTP were voted the leading security products in the Best of
the Show awards announced at the Networld + Interop Show in Atlanta this
week.  The technology is expected to be a boon to both corporate and
individual users of the Internet and a major step forward for electronic
    The products are an automatic implementation of One Time Pad (OTP),
the only encryption which is considered unbreakable.  Prior to the
invention of POTP, OTP was used only in extreme situations where cost
and logistical constraints were not determining factors.  Now POTP(TM)
makes this legendary encryption readily available as a commercial
software package.
    As with OTP, POTP creates keys that are as long as the messages they
encrypt, and are used only once.  But unlike OTP, which requires
extensive key distribution and management, POTP(TM) creates real time:
random keys are created automatically during the communication process.
Therefore, users can instantly send private and sensitive e-mail over
the Internet or other open systems with 'point and click security.'
    "Elementrix has found a logical way to generate non-algorithmic,
dynamically changing keys at two separate sites without transmitting
them on the line and without using parallel lines," said Dr. David Kahn,
the country's leading historian of cryptography and the current visiting
historian at the National Security Agency.
    "Elementrix is well within its rights to call this technology Power
One Time Pad.  I see no way of reconstructing the encryption key," he
said at the press conference announcing the products.
    "POTP represents a paradigm shift in encryption," said Winn
Schwartau, an internationally recognized expert on electronic security
who also spoke at the press conference.  "The fundamental technology is
entirely different from any existing encryption scheme.  This is the
first system I've ever seen that can make the entire Internet secure for
non-expert users."
    Schwartau also noted the importance of the system for corporate
users based on its advantages in the area of key management.
    "The problem with systems that depend on passwords for security is
that the infrastructure required to manage and distribute them is
cumbersome, especially in large organizations," he said.  "POTP
eliminates the need for this infrastructure."
     POTP(TM) technology can be used to encrypt any digital
communication.  This can include data communications, secure telephones,
wireless, satellite, cable TV and virtually any method of modern,
digital communications.  All POTP(TM) products are automatic and
transparent to the user.
    The system addresses a paradox in encryption:  "If the keys are
truly unpredictable then there should be no way for one party to
automatically re-create the same keys that are being used by the other,"
said Isaac Rubinstein, executive vice president of Elementrix
Technologies Inc.
    "However, POTP's dynamically changing random keys are created by a
patent pending method during the communication process itself," he said.
"After the POTP(TM) between the two parties has been initialized -- only
the very first time they communicate -- a One Time Pad process is
executed continuously."
    POTP(TM) is patent pending.  This unique method is fully disclosed
on an individual basis only, through a non-disclosure agreement.  A
select group of encryption and security experts, including Kahn and
Schwartau, have been fully briefed and have endorsed the new technology.
    POTP(TM) Secure Mail carries a very low overhead of less than 1.2%.
Encryption and decryption are very fast and have virtually no effect on
software performance.  The system requires an IBM or compatible computer
with a 386 or higher CPU and 4MB of RAM; a modem or network card; and
any TCP/IP stack for Microsoft Windows.  The software is Windows 3.1 and
Windows 95 compatible.
    Professsional Encryption/Personal Privacy
    In the e-mail package, the entire message including attachments is
encrypted in real time as it leaves the PC.  Messages remain totally
private while stored on the mail server, handled by an Internet
provider, and/or sent over communication lines.  Messages are sent in
standard e-mail format with no need for a special mail server.  Any
standard SMTP/POP3 mail server will handle the messages.
    There is no need for any manual key distribution or management:  no
public and private keys; no master and session keys.  Messages remain
private and cannot be read by anyone, even system administrators.
    The manufacturer's suggested list price for the single user is $245.
A special price of $198 will be available during the product
    Elementrix Technologies
    Elementrix Technologies Inc., based in New York City, is a
subsidiary of Elementrix Technologies Ltd., based in Haifa, Israel.  The
parent company is a subsidiary of Elron Electronic Industries Ltd.,
Israel's leading advanced technology holding company.  Elementrix was
founded in January 1994 in order to develop commercial applications for
its POTP(TM) encryption and other security products.
CONTACT: Michael Meric, Fusion TMA, 212-977-4600, fax: 212-265-9684, e-mail:
mmeric or Maia Aron, VP Marketing, Elementrix,
212-888-8879, fax: 212-935-3882, e-mail: maia

@_date: 1995-10-05 17:12:06
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: Re: NSA Realists v. Nuts (Was: Re: Crypto APIs) 
Perry is absolutely right about this.  We have been living in a "golden era" for the FBI and NSA.  By analogy, we have also been living in a golden era for physicians:  during the last several decades (in the developed world anyway) we have relied on antibiotics to the point where they are taken for granted.  This time has passed, and there is no going back.  The Golden Age of Antibiotics is over.
Similarly, the Golden Age of Wiretaps is over.  No amount of wishful thinking and convoluted logic can put the genie back into the bottle.  An attempt to (in effect) make certain types of mathematics illegal will only serve to knock us out of our technological leadership position, not make our country safe from terrorism and drugs.  Given a world in which strong crypto is actually used, and that use is illegal, how can a government make the punishment fit the crime?  Would all use of illegal cryptography be treated as though there was an actual threat of terrorism?  The death penalty?  This is, of course, an absurd point of view.  The government could no more accomplish this than they could make muttering over the phone (thereby defeating a plaintext wiretap), or the use of obscure language (such as Native American dialects) illegal.  It just doesn't hang together as a rational approach.
Like physicians, the FBI and the national security operations must devise alternative schemes to combat the real "enemy," terrorists and drug dealers  -- not mathematicians and ordinary citizens trying to have a private conversation.  The suppression of basic rights that would be required in any attempt to overcome the "force of nature" that is human knowledge would make a mockery of our "inalienable rights" as free people to conduct our lives without fear of the overbearing scrutiny of unrestrained government.

@_date: 1996-01-30 17:16:55
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credi   tCards 
This announcement describes a rather sophisticated technology that   delivers nthe same information that any retail clerk can capture today.    Using stolen credit card numbers is a risky business, and the ability of   the credit card companies in detecting fraud and locating criminals is   quite real.
Of course, since Federal law requires the credit card companies, not the   user, to pay the costs of fraud, First Virtual's entire premise is a red   herring.  If the credit card companies are willing to take the risk, they   will (and are).
Scare tactics are nothing new in the PR business, but I would recommend   that the principals at FV learn about "cutouts" for this type of   gimmickry if they wish to preserve their reputations....
dvw

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:17:13
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credi  tCards 
Changing the subject doesn't change the point.  Your announcement implies   that users are liable, and that is incorrect.  This is misleading, and in   my view, reprehensible.  This was the point of my post.  The fact that   the fraud is traceable when detected should have been self evident.
If your post has said "Financial Industry Should Watch out for Keyboard   Sniffers" as a *potential* threat for which the risks should be weighed,   that would have been different.  Arguably farfetched, but different.    Your post relies on people's ignorance of their rights with respect to   credit card liability, and therefore is shameful.
dvw

@_date: 1996-01-31 08:46:07
@_author: David Van Wie 
@_subject: RE: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credi   tCards 
My point is not that all retail clerks are bandits.  Most are   trustworthy, but surely any long time CC user has given their card to   someone who would rip them off if they thought they could get away with   it.  My point is that CC  are not national security secrets, they are   disclosed to potential adversaries regularly.
The point is FV's post relies on a frightening and false premise - that   the users are exposed to one or more financial risks by FV's keyboard   sniffer threat.
