
@_date: 1996-09-30 06:33:04
@_author: Donald Weightman 
@_subject: Internet 'terrorism' newsclips  [CYPHER, but news] 
popular heart and mind, "explaining" why "we" haven't been able to catch
Iranian terrorists:
And from another piece of hard-hitting quote-the-official-source journalism
in PARADE, "A New Worry: Terrorism in Cyberspace"
why, or Wonder if the timing of these stories has anything to do with the end of
term legislative push on wiretapping.
Don Weightman

@_date: 1996-10-02 04:58:52
@_author: Donald Weightman 
@_subject: Where to find some papers on the the information economy? 
The "World Economy Survey" in the Current ECONOMIST makes some interesting
points about the intractabilty of the information-based economy to
traditional manufacturing-based econometrics, which looks at things like
industrial outputs as the basis for forecasting, and, not least,
macroeconomic policy. The gist of it is that the older measures overweight
the more traditional transactions -- production & sale of widgets and ingots

@_date: 1996-10-09 09:35:50
@_author: Donald Weightman 
@_subject: Be careful where you put up 
Apropos the thread about asset allocation and relocation to hedge political
risk, today's FINANCIAL TIMES reports:
centres have agreed to
industrialised nations in
as when a
depositor or investor.
that a bank is not
offshore centre does
out procedures for
establishes a
particular country are
inspect the books
should access to
country that
Don Weightman

@_date: 1997-07-08 22:42:29
@_author: Donald Weightman 
@_subject: German Official Pleas for Strong Encryption 
Reuters (as picked up in today's FINANCIAL TIMES) reports that German
economics minister Gunter Rexrodt called for loosening the restrictions on
strong encryption. Speaking yesterday at a European ministerial conference
on global integration, he said "Users can only protect themselves against
having data manipulated, destroyed, or spied on through the use of strong
encryption procedures."
Hmmm: seems like there's a trend among Certain Global Opinion Makers that
some people -- maybe the financial markets?  -- need good crypto: compare
last week's ECONOMIST and FINANCIAL TIMES editorials.  Anyone know how the
new German legislation deals with encryption?
Donald Weightman

@_date: 1997-07-09 21:54:00
@_author: Donald Weightman 
@_subject: More on crypto from Bonn 
Another story in today's FINANCIAL TIMES
        describes a "clash" between USCommerce Sec'y Daley and German economic
minister Rexrodt on strong crypto. Because the speakers' choices of words
are interesting, I quote from the FT article by Ralph Atkins:
                        On coding technology, however, Mr Daley insisted,
"there are certain
                   legitimate areas where governments have to be involved".
                   should be used to protect credit card numbers or
detailed contracts from
                   being read. But, he went on: "We must also make sure
national security is
                   safeguarded by applying those rules sensibly, so that
potential terrorists or
                   other sophisticated criminals cannot hide their work."
                   Mr Rexrodt hinted the European ministers regarded US
policy on
                   exporting encryption technology as discriminatory.
                   He backed "strong" encryption procedures, which he said
were "offering
                   users the only protection that they have, the only
certainty, that their data is
                   not going to be divulged or misused on open networks".
                   Mr Rexrodt was backed by Mr Ron Sommer, chairman of
                   Telekom, Europe's largest telecommunications group, who
said: "Anyone
                   who uses the point of public security as an argument in
this [encryption]
                   issue has not realised or acknowledged that any such
legal requirements
                   stand in the way of the further spread of electronic
commerce." Questions for the reader:
        What's a "potential" terrorist? (Is the occasional apparent c'punx
paranoia justified?)
        How is the US export policy discriminatory?
        Why is DT coming out on this issue? Who are their strategic
partners for ecommerce among US telecomms? (I'll have to ask around about
that ...) Donald Weightman
