
@_date: 1994-05-09 23:24:26
@_author: "David T. Witkowski" 
@_subject: Voice encryption info request 
I'm looking for technical info on analog voice encryption techniques, including app notes and schematics if available.  Any help would be appreciated, direct email replies are preferred.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-10 13:54:58
@_author: David T. Witkowski 
@_subject: Re: away from my mail (fwd) 
[snip]
'an FTP site at MIT' is rather vague.  Anyone have specifics?

@_date: 1994-05-10 14:51:10
@_author: David T. Witkowski 
@_subject: Re: NYT op-ed May 8 
I'd be interested in seeing a scan of that comic, our local paper didn't
include it.
Gelernter's  piece has merit, but he seems to be
missing the point entirely.  He acknowledges that smart criminals would NOT
use Clipper, but then asserts that it's still a good idea because
half-witted ones would.  Am I missing some vital logical point, or does
this just not make sense?
Take two criminals, Danny Dumbo and Sam Smart.  If Danny is too dumb to use
alternative encryption, where does it follow that he would use any sort of
encryption at all?  Thus whether his equipment is Clippered or not, the
gov't could easily tap his line.  Whereas Sam is smart enough to choose
some other form of encryption that the gov't can't monitor.  So what good
does Clipper do in either case?  And thus, why does it even exist?  If the
gov't needs Clipper to secure its own communications, why don't they just
sanctify PGP or something likewise?
Dismissing the likely explanation; that Clipper is just some Cold-war-style
pork barrel project, we're left with one question.  How can Clipper ever be
effective?  The only two possible answers are:
1) if usage of alternative methods is outlawed.  (Which we've been told
won't happen.  Veracity-alert!  Whoop!  Whoop!)
2) if the Clipper chip itself could somehow compromise alternative
encryption schemes, perhaps by monitoring keystrokes during password
entries?  I'm really reaching with this one, but I thought it would be
wrong to dismiss it entirely.  And no, I'm not a proponent of the "Grass
Knoll" and "Frozen Aliens stored in Nevada" conspiracy theories too.  :)

@_date: 1994-05-10 17:17:19
@_author: David T. Witkowski 
@_subject: Re: KQED Clipper discussion.... 
I concur.  The following is a listing of KQED-local EFF members.
        CALIFORNIA
        San Francisco Bay Area:
        This!Group
        Mitch Ratcliffe   coyote or
        Mitch_Ratcliffe
        Glenn Tenney   tenney
        Judi Clark   judic

@_date: 1994-05-11 10:27:42
@_author: "David T. Witkowski" 
@_subject: Re: Here they come... 
Does anyone have Lewis' and Markoff's email address(es)?

@_date: 1994-05-11 20:26:49
@_author: David T. Witkowski 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Goals: Bad debate drives out good debate 
I agree that there is a lot of "static".  In fact, I'm choosing to leave
the cypherpunks list for that reason.
Simply put, I'm spending a lot of time reading posts, many good, but some
clueless.  Example:  Ten minutes after someone posted the location of PGP
2.5 we got three posts asking "Where can I get PGP 2.5?" and subsequent
responses of "Yeah, me too!"  The original poster had a legitimate
question, assuming that he had JUST signed onto the list, but he could have
directed his questions towards the original announcer, but those subsequent
"votes" for information were completely unnecessary.
These kinds of problems are inherent in the structure of network
communication.  (I long for the creation of artificial intelligence
twit-filter daemons to help me separate the wheat from the chaff.  Read
David Brin's 'Earth' for an interesting portrayal of the future of such
Perhaps lessons can be found in the Usenet world.  Knowing the location of
some cypher-oriented FAQs and FTP sites upon subscription to this list
might defer some of the more trivial traffic.  Inclusion of some
net-iquette guidelines in the list-server welcome message might defer even
more.  To be relevant, such things would have to be updated frequently,
meaning more work for the keepers, but I think that the subsequent
distillation of list traffic would pay off in better, more effective
In fairness, I'd have to say that I've learned many things in the past
three days.  But the original reason I joined this list was to ask for
information on basic analog voice encryption techniques, a request that
went completely unanswered.  I find the subject interesting, I just can't
justify the time I'm spending sorting through 40+ posts per day.
