
@_date: 1996-03-22 05:49:23
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: NT's C2 rating 
Ain't nothing fine about that print. An operating system or piece of
hardware may be C2 certifiable. But only a complete system in a specific
configuration can be certified as C2 compliant. The way I read the orange
book, no system with a network connection can ever be C2. For that matter a
system can't get C2 unless it is in an area where you can control and
monitor physical access to the system.
So if you can't hack it over the wire, and you can't remove, rewrite and
replace the kernel because you can't get near the keyboard what's the problem?
dwl		
David Loysen		
619-546-8877 x245

@_date: 1996-03-22 19:42:56
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: NT's C2 rating 
Well,  I never argue with anyone from MIT..... But.
I don't see any reason a C2 or B2 system can't be networked to another
system(s) with the same classification. But that isn't really what I meant.
Can you make a firewall system that is C2 compliant? Isn't this what you
would need in order to connect a C2 system or network to another non secure
network, (i.e. the internet)?
I do agree that there is no place in the orange book that says "thou shall
not speak ethernet" but can you network a system and be able to "require
that ADP systems that process, store, or use classified data and produce
classified information will, with reasonable dependability, prevent
delibrate or inadvertent access to classified material by unauthorized
persons, and unauthorized manipulation of the computer and its associated
peripheral devices." Which the orange book does say.
I guess "reasonable dependability" is a pretty broad term.
Pardon a newbie here if I am being unusally obtuse, but you can't learn if
you don't ask.
dwl		
David Loysen		
619-546-8877 x245

@_date: 1996-03-30 19:35:33
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is my understanding that the codetalkers invented very few new words,
they simply combined the words they already had to create descriptions of
things that the language was never meant for. One of the reasons they were
so successful was that more than one phrase could mean the same thing. For
example, both "A flock of eagles with fire in their bellies is coming from the rising sun"
"Many birds are flying from the east to rain fire on you"
Could reliably be translated to "There are bombers coming from the east"
Add some new words for specifics that you needed (like altitudes and compass
directions) and the codetalkers presented the bad guys with a language that
was completely unrelated to anything they had heard before.
Also (I copied this from RSA) "The Navaho language is so difficult to learn
and its linguistics are so complex that it is virtually impossible for a
non-native speaker to counterfeit its sounds. Furthermore, Navaho seems to
have no linguistic connections to any other Asian or European language.
Consequently, at any given time, there are only a few thousand people
capable of speaking the tongue. For these reasons, the U.S. military made
extensive use of hundreds of Native American codetalkers . During World War
II, Navaho codetalkers relayed operational orders in the Pacific theater
with a level of security that was unattainable by current encryption
algorithms. The Japanese signal corps task was further complicated by the
codetalkers liberal mix-in of Navaho and military slang resulting in a
communications network so secure that it was, in fact, never compromised by
Axis powers." In my stone age level of Crypto understanding I would liken this to having a
public key that was the Navajo culture and an algorithm to process it that
only runs on the human brain. Makes me wonder when somebody will set two AI
computers down and tell them to invent a code we can't break.
dwl		
David Loysen		
619-546-8877 x245

@_date: 1996-04-06 11:50:01
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: unsubscrive * Peter.Posch@koeln.netsurf.de 
If these people had sent their messages to majordomo that would work.

@_date: 1996-04-09 08:33:11
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) British Study Claims That Photo Credit Cards Don't Work 
Does anybody know how well these systems work? If I don't shave over the
weekend will my computer know who I am Monday morning? Is my credit card
going to have my face digitized and encoded onto the mag stipe for
comparision with a video camera image at the time of sale?
I think many eyewitness accounts are already taken with a grain of salt, at
least as far as picking a suspect. Certainly in court the lawyers say
whatever makes their case look better.
Most if not all credit card issuing banks use some form of fraud detection
software. The next generation of these products will be analyzing
transaction data from the card clearing banks in real time to stop
fraudulent transactions before they are complete. Expect to see more "may I
see your ID" questions as these systems flag transactions as possible fraud.
I have had a credit card with my photo on it for several years, I can't ever
remember a sales person who seemed at all interested in comparing the photo
to me. dwl		
David Loysen		
619-546-8877 x245

@_date: 1996-04-14 01:40:08
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: On computer face recognition: 
Take a peak at  One of
Lawences papers is on using Neural networks to recognize faces. Methinks
that the state of the art is advancing rapidly and such problems as not
looking at the camera or changing your expression are rapidly being overcome.
Zippity do da, zippity ah, my oh my what a wonderful day.
Ya right, and hear I am without time to finish a cup of coffee.

@_date: 1996-04-13 05:58:41
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: No matter where you go, there they are. 
Does anyone else get a little upset at the thought of one Government agency
(DoD) spending money to install the GPS system, then making it less accurate
than it should be, and then a second Government agency (US Coast Guard)
spending money to improve the system by installing DGPS stations. Plus, in
order to get the real accuracy of GPS right now I have to spend more money
on a much more expensive DGPS unit.
Pisses me right the F off.

@_date: 1996-04-20 04:56:19
@_author: David Loysen 
@_subject: Re: plaugue of unsubscribes 
The firewalls list got a bunch of "signoff" requests over the last few days.
Same gag I'd wager. The Firewalls list owner said he unsubscribed over 200
people who appeared to have been falsely subscribed.
Zippity do da, zippity ah, my oh my what a wonderful day.
Ya right, and here I am without time to finish a cup of coffee.
