
@_date: 1994-03-30 13:04:07
@_author: PST 
@_subject:   Encryption Privacy for Digitized Money 
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 731       Howdy Stanton,
I'm going to see Thomas M. Hoenig, Federal Reserve Bankf Kansas City
President, (1 of 12 in the US), in a public forum Tuesday, 5 April.
I need a crash course in encryption privacy for credit card use and
digitized financial transactions.  Given the opportunity to ask a
pointed question or two in a room full of people, I'll have about 3
minutes to gain a room full of converts, and perhaps Hoenig.
I have to be polished and precise.  Please help.

@_date: 1994-04-03 21:24:46
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Crunch Time 
Hi Folks,
McCandlish forwarded my request for help before I go see a Federal
Reserve Bank President Tuesday 5 April.
Thanks to you all, esp Ms. Dekker of DigiCash.
It's occured to me that Clipper could cripple US banking in the world
financial market due to the 80% opposition exposed by the Time poll.
If all my banking is digitized, my private key ensure's secrurity of
transactions and authentication of user.
If privacy of US Banks are comprimised by Clipper, why can't I bank
in Switzerland?
Hoenig, the KC Federal Reserve President will be in a public forum
10:00 MST 5 April.  I would appreciate your comments on my reasoning
with an eye on turning the Federal Reserve Anti-Clipper.  It's
crunch time folks, so I'll be reading my email up until 09:30 Tuesday.
This is my private battle, so send your email to:

@_date: 1994-04-05 06:39:32
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Cyberspace, Crypto Anarchy, and Pushing Limits 
I was getting laid last night and I kept thinking, "Detweiler..."
So this is getting a little weird for me.  I got a proposition for
you guys, just to cut down on the suspicion around here, (and it's
justified suspicion).
I live in Laramie, Wyoming- a mere 60 miles from Detweiler in Ft. Collins.
Any time I get a notion to do so, I will go down to Ft. Collins, hunt down
Detweiler like a crippled dog, and spit on him.  Any time I get a notion
to do so.  That's what anarchy is all about.
BTW- I'm up and around and headed for that Fed Reserve showdown at 10:00.

@_date: 1994-04-05 06:51:58
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Psychological Warfare Primer 
Since we are engaged in Revolutionary War in Cyberspace, it
would behoove us who are actively participating to have a
delineation of strategy, tactics, and operations of guerilla
warfare eidetic to this medium.  Our Guerilla Warfare Operating
Area, (GWOA), is the internet, with its peculiar strategic
advantages and vulnerabilities.  The genius of Patton's campaign
in North Africa was the result of simple reading comprehension
skills; he read Rommel's book.  This primer on psychological
warfare is prepared for your perusal offering fundamental
intelligence to increase the probability of success in
engagements with the competition.
It's been said that every revolutionary was a patriot.  Our
competition has different ideas about patriotism and vastly
superior resources.  Little is known about the operations of the US intelligence community.  If one is going to play hard ball
with the big boys, one needs a general understanding of the game
before the first pitch is thrown.
The DOD view of Vietnam was essentially to train men and test new
weapon systems.  In this respect, the Vietnam War was quite
successful.  This point was reiterated ad nauseam during the Gulf
War on a daily basis via a sharply censored 4th estate for the
duration of conflict.  The contrast of censorship in the interest
of National Security between the Gulf War and Vietnam is quite
The DOD official statement the day of the initial bombing of Iraq
made no mention of B-52 strategic bombing missions.  Only the
tactical missions were announced publicly.  Bernard Shaw's
awestruck reports from his hotel window in Tehran were broadcast
live on CNN.  With heightened exclamation he reported a new sound
of the ensuing battle, a sustained roar like thunder that refused
to quit.  From the ground, a conventional B-52 strike is a
quarter mile wide, 200 feet high, and travels at 700 mph.  There
is no sound on earth like it.  Having known Pentagon spokesperson
Pete Williams since high school, I found it vaguely amusing that
he saw fit to inform the rest of the world of B-52 involvement in
the bombing several days latter. In Vietnam, we had the grunt's down in the  latrine stepping
on cockroaches piped into our homes by the US networks nightly.
Occasionally the hands playing Cowboy's and Indian's, (LURP's-
reconnaissance, locate and identify missions, as opposed to
search and destroy), got some air time.  Then there was the
Harvard/Yale game.  The public knew it existed, but heard very
little about it.
Spooks have their own language.  The first principle of
psychological warfare is to dehumanize the enemy.  Everything is
a football game to them.  The Administration's policy decision on
Clipper, 4 February 1994, would be a, "Double Whammy End Around."
The FBI Digital Telephony Bill would be a, "Forward Pass."  These
analogies were expressed to the public by pilots returning from
Persian Gulf combat missions during interviews.  No big deal
folks, just another football game, and we all know what fun
football is!
Surgical is not synonymous with random evisceration of innocent
men, women and children.  Remember the luckiest man in Iraq? Swartzkoff stood by a screen with laser guidance cross hairs
centered on a bridge.  As a vehicle entered the picture he drew
our attention to it with his pointer and followed it's path
directly through the center of the bull's eye.  "And in his rear
view mirror-" Stormin' Norman gloated, the entire bridge was
annihilated.  The truth of the Gulf War is just now leaking to
the public.
Let's take a look at the roster of the competition's coaches and
quarterback strings.  The heavy weights are the DIA, NSA, and
CIA, in that order.  The CIA is a central clearing house informed
on a need to know basis.  The NSA obviously has a clearer channel
of classified access.  The Defense Intelligence Agency, as has
been published, is composed of several independent operations
reporting to a specific Admiral or General, each with their own
S-2 sections.  Thus, operations are very difficult to compromise. The CIA is prohibited by its charter from engaging in domestic
operations.  The DIA is not.
These folks are the best on the planet.  The other day I was
logged on in a friends account at an educational site showing her
the ropes of Cyberspace.  Out of curiosity I ran an arbitrary
finger on the American Embassy in Moscow.  Unbelievably, it
worked famously.  User names and real names of everybody logged
on scrolled by on the screen.  It's nice to live in an open
Another friend stopped by and I attempted to demonstrate the
phenomenon again.  I swear to God, this time I popped up in the
San Diego State educational computer.  The third time I was dead
in the water.  The last log on in SDSU's computer was "COSOC Just Passing Through".
If I remember my history correctly, this whole EFF thing started
over the 911 codes being posted to Usenet.  Instantaneous caller
location identification capability became generally known.  The
idiot kid who threatened the president got an autoresponder
from Whitehouse.gov that traces the message.  Minimal leg work
produced the actual perpetrator.  The competition is hot, but our apparent vulnerability is our
greatest strategic advantage.  This is like being on Acid in
1964.  We are doing nothing illegal!  Cyberspace, in its present
state, is a very wild and free place, not unlike the Wyoming high
country a few miles from me.  With diligence and fortitude, it
will continue to be free.
The spooks can tie up a tremendous amount of time and resources
gathering intelligence on Cyberians rather easily.  At present,
an analysis of our actions boils down to private citizens well
with in their rights doing nothing illegal.  One would have to be
completely brain dead not to have considered the populist power
of the internet.  It's guaranteed we will pry power from the
intelligence community with much wailing and gnashing of teeth by
minuscule increments.
Our greatest tactical advantages are the speed of light and non
location specificity.  We are highly mobile in the field and
wired as well as the competition.  We are by nature decentralized
and deployed for maximal survivability from nuclear attack.  We
are virtually immune from censorship due to the internal
survivability architecture of the net.
We're on our own turf.  We've chosen our own battle ground,
brought nothing unnecessary with us, and are ready to make our
last stand here and now.  We are defending our homeland from
invasive attack, and the 4th estate is fully aware of this. Thomas Jefferson said, "When the press is free and every man able
to read, all is safe."
Our operations are multifaceted and independently organized.  The
CPSR petition and the EFF letter campaigns work in concert, yet
have not the vaguest resemblance to a Civil War Pincer attack. They more closely resemble the jump and run tactics of the Viet
Cong and NVA that gave the DOD fits on the battle field and in
the press.  We have the ability to concentrate a great number of
people on a specific operation with the added fluidity of
multiplicity of tasks.
The concept of truly democratizing not only the United States but
the entire planet is a tremendous vision.  The collapse of a
Union that built its SS-18 and SS-20 missile systems on what are
essentially ripped off Pac Man chips has thrown a list to the
global economy.  Homeostasis is a principle of the universe. Time will restore a natural balance to everything.  One small voice in Cyberspace becomes global interpersonal
communication at the speed of light as the net grows
geometrically.  Global interpersonal communication is the
greatest tool for world peace our species has ever known.  We
have the technology to achieve virtual collective consciousness
on a planetary scale.
The potential of the Electronic Revolution is awesome.  Instead
of electing an aristocracy who's choices are packaged by mass
media marketing to govern us, we have the ability to transcend
the physical limitations of deceptive appearance, and illuminate
the truth of being through the digitized reflection of
As it stands now, the Russians pay an information tariff on every
bit they transmit or receive.  Their phone system is archaic. The infrastructure is neanderthal in comparison to the US.  The
closest approximation to a backbone they have is an Estonian site
hanging by a 80Km fiber optic thread to Helsinki, and the Glasnet
site in Moscow linked by a T1.
I know what this net is capable of.  Consider the invention of
digitized satellite navigation.  The first bird the Air Force
sent up could simultaneously locate 4K automobiles on America's
highways.  The second bird up could simultaneously locate every
single vehicle on the interstate highway system.
I'm one small voice in Cyberspace speaking only for myself. Psychological Warfare is the way to fly in the Electronic
Revolution.  When the competition has been playing hardball with
the big boys globally without equal, we would to well to play
Medicine Ball with the Gods instead.  Keep your personal visions
of justice and reciprocity tempered by altruism in your hearts,
and fare you well, my compatriots.

@_date: 1994-04-06 03:33:32
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Security Contingencies 
Sternlight is an idiot educated beyond his intellegence, unworthy of
futher comment, exept to say you're beginning to make an exceptional point.
[skipping the event of peacetime Presidential elimination]
Well let's hope that the President survives the unlikely event of a tactical nuclear detonation or we're all fucked.  While we're on the
Article III, section 3.    Treason against the United States, shall consist only in levying war
against them, or in adhering to their enemies, giving them aid and
comfort.  No person shall be conviced of treason unless on the testimony
of two witnesses to the same overt act, or on confession in open court.
The Congress shall have power to declare the punishment of treason, but
no attainder of treason shall work corruption of blood, or forfeiture
except during the life of the person attained.
So if encryption is outlawed, outlaws will get life.
I talked to Federal Reserve President Thomas Hoenig (KC Branch) in an
open public forum yesterday.  I asked him if the Fed was going to let
Clipper encryption cripple US competitiveness in the world monetary
He looked down at his feet and said, "No."
He was very suprised that I was already using public key encryption.  He
knew well the superiority of software encryption.  However, he had never
heard of Phil Zimmerman.  When I elucidated a brief history of PGP, he
agreed that embargoing encryption is tantamount to embargoing wind.
This hand is an economic warfare expert.  He agreed the 4 February policy
decision is economic warfare.  I don't think the Fed is going to let the
NSA severely hobble its ability to wage economic warfare in the world
monetary market.  Digital cash is the Fed's dream.
That's my analysis based on the facts presented and what I saw in the man.
So I think now, more than ever, we really have to stick together.

@_date: 1994-04-07 04:21:58
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Well...shit 
If whatzits is Detweiler, at least he's paying $20/mo to
pop in here.  I have Sternlight attacking me on eff.talk-  that's good.
He sure perceives me as a threat for a Wyoming ranch hand.  That's good
advice y'all have there about not feeding the animals.
I've been looking at this remailer business.  Well, hell.  I want to go
the other way.  I'm Jeff Leroy Davis AKA Eagle, and lots of people know
that.  Ram Dass has this thing of his public self and his private self
as one.  In other words, he is himself, whether in public or private.
I'm open about myself, and have projected my true persona into cyberspace.
At least the truth about myself as I see it here now.  I have no reason
to create an anonymous persona, or construct some sort of personality.
Now if I have to go underground in the net at some future date, that's
a different story.  For now, I'm quite secure in who and what I am, and
endevor to let the truth of my heart shine in cyberspace.

@_date: 1994-04-08 03:56:54
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: RMorality and Ethics (was Pseudonym's and Reputation) 
Quoting Detwieler(?)
" ideally we can develop moral codes where our algorithms fail us. "
McCandlish and I discussed morality and ethics early during our initial
"handshake".  Stanton said there is no morality, only ethics- what do you think? (substantial paraphrase I think serves the purpose of discussion)
Here's my reply, and agree that the difference is semantic:
*** Morality is the ablility to differentiate between right and wrong,
without denotation.  Thus, each situation defines an eidetic decision
and implementation which would be the application of an ethical standard
based on past experience.  Therefore, endogenous morality is quite tangible,
while exogenous morality is most likely unethical, and detrimental to the
purity of being. ***

@_date: 1994-04-08 04:20:15
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: NSA security manual 
Well Grady,
You already know it's authentic.  I'd love to call some of those
secure phone  and see if my voice print still works.  It would
be a scream if it did >;)  If any of you have tried one of the secure
numbers out of curiosity, (and I've been out of the loop since 18
February 1983), you'll get a ring and a pause, then a rapid busy This also lends credibility to my Psychological Warfare Primer, albeit
subtely.  I stated that the heavyweights in intelligence were the
DIA, NSA, and the CIA, in that order.  If *green* clearances are mere
TS/IS, the DIA feeds them as well on a need-to-know basis.
My analysis of the NSA mission is cryptography, (thanks for the hot
tip, eh?), and interception.  When AT&T broke up, it became possible
to intercept transmissions that were previously protected by the
monopoly.  NSA is privy to all sorts of stuff, open long distance
phone calls they can snag off the satellites without a warrent.  They're
pretty much public domain if one has the technology.
Another thing I noticed was the Drug Policy.  You note that they leave
"authorized" drug use open.  Amphetimines are SOP in some combat and
combat simulation exercises.  Christ, you want to laugh til tears roll
down your cheeks, read the FOIA stuff released on the CIA's human experimentation with LSD.  True keystone cop stuff.
John Barlow and I were drinking some cokes and shooting the breeze here
in Laramie a little over a year ago.  He predicted an "opening" of the
intelligence agencies after Clinton was elected- (This was the second
to last weekend in October to be precise).  NOW I see what he means.
Thanks Grady!  So THAT'S what the DoD pogues do.  Can't wait to see a
Field Manual for DIA intelligence officers.

@_date: 1994-04-08 06:30:52
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Grady's NSA Manual 
I don't know about you guys, but if the FBI comes through the front door
over this NSA manual, this piece of shit I use for a UNIX terminal goes
out the back door and off the roof into the alley >;)
We're stripped down to the bare minimum for combat here at Outlaws on the
Electronic Frontier.  My personal secretary has full run of my accounts-
(he writes the shell scripts), but he doesn't know my private key pass
phrase.  I guess that makes me impossible to impersonate, eh?

@_date: 1994-04-09 00:15:52
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: NSA Manual and Media 
Well Sports Fans,
I just mailed the NSA manual to every media source with an email adress
listed in Adam's _Big_Dummies_Guide_ -  It took 6 aliases to get them all.
Scuuuze me!  I'm headed back to the Buckhorn Bar and all those drunk
undergraduate fillies.  This will do for a nights work >;)

@_date: 1994-04-09 06:22:03
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Shot 'Round the World 
Well, my personal secretary compiled every single media email adress in the
_Big_Dummies_Guide_ into 6 alias'.  Then I emailed it to every one of them.
If the FBI comes to the front door, this piece of shit XT clone I use for a
UNIX terminal goes out the back door and off the sun deck into the alley.
I suppose the fucking phone will ring off the hook in Ft. Meade for a while.
By God!  It's a good day for the Revolution!!!
*** Here's the follow up ***
To whom it may concern,
You have been emailed an authentic National Security Agency Employee's
Manual.  I as an Electronic Frontier Foundation member, acting purely
on my own initiative, and solely accountable for my actions, have emailed
this information, as well as John Gilmore's FOIA attack on the current
Clipper Chip proposal for key escrowed encryption, to every media source
with an email adress listed in EFF's _Big_Dummies_Guide_to_the_Internet_
on the entire planet.
You may authenicate the NSA manual via confirmation by the phone numbers
listed in it.  Consider this the shot heard round the world in the
Electronic Revolution.
Attached is my PGP public key by which you may verify that I am indeed who
I say I am.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
PGP PUBLIC KEY via finger!  JAFEFFM  Speaking & Thinking For Myself!
* eagle			email info *
*** O U T L A W S  On The  E L E C T R O N I C  F R O N T I E R ****
***** Committed to Free Public Internet Access for World Peace *****

@_date: 1994-04-11 07:19:25
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Paradigms of Revolution 
Paradigms of Revolution
Progressive Jeffersonian theory has researched the roots of tribal
anarchy, and the personal spiritual convictions, that profoundly
influenced our forefather, who's populist stand against the Federalist
aristocracy, resulted in the formulation of the Bill of Rights.  Pure
democracy having been circumnavigated by the logistical realities of the
late 18th century, a Republic government now stands on the verge of
revolution by virtue of the geometric progression of global
interpersonal communication at the speed of light.  Informational access
and dissemination of truth have become intrinsic to restructuring the
very foundations of humankind's social intercourse.
Informed consent is fundamental to democratic process.  The acceleration
of technological progress has left a well educated population behind,
and the policy decisions of government are made by a rarified elite
shaping the infrastructure our progenity inherit.  The Jeffersonian
safeguard of free press and basic reading skills via public education
will serve well the coming millennium, provided that it is allowed to
function in an open system available to all.
Non violent revolutionary restructuring of archaic social paradigms must
come from within the existing function of government.  The general
population has effectively lost its ability to access relative
information to offer responsible and accountable consent in the Republic
government process.  It falls on the population to access duplex
communication ability with government.  It falls on government to
protect its population during the transition by every principle of
justice and reciprocity known to the collective experience of humankind.
Prophylactic law enforcement provisions, implemented by policy decision 4 February 1994 by the current administration, contradict the
fundamental principle of due process that one is innocent until proven
guilty.  The illusion of key escrowed encryption privacy is detrimental
to the actualization of being Jefferson sought to provide through the
guarantees of the Bill of Rights.  Judicial review at the bequest of
executive law enforcement has eroded the intrinsic Constitutional
safeguards of a free society to the degree of legislating its morality.
The intelligence community of government is a remnant of global warfare.
The repression of free expression and restriction of information in the
interest of national security no longer serves the best interest of the
populous in most cases.  Sovereign nation states in global community
must look toward cooperation in the collective actualization of the
potentials of humankind, reliquishing counter productive defensive
As the current revolution was seeded by the ARPAnet, designed for secure
digital communication of classified intelligence and implementation with
in the defensive structure of the United States of America, so did the
intelligence community seed the last revolution of liberation in the 30
year cyclic pattern of human existence.  The CIA human experimentation
with psychedelic consciousness triggers induced mystic experience in
some subjects given sufficient dosages of lysergic
acid diethylamide.  Initially reported as a psychotomimetic, revised to
hallucinogen, the population who chose to explore the possibilities of
the synthetic alkaloid named the substance psychedelic due to its
properties of consciousness expansion.
The psychedelic properties of full duplex interaction on a global scale
via interpersonal communication among the brightest and best of
humankind are technologically analogous to the subjective explorations
of the participants of the psychedelic revolution.  A liberation of
thinking and behaving in peaceful harmony were intrinsic to the
spiritual egolessness of the psychedelic experience.  Albeit, this did
not resonate with the existing paradigms of established social
The immune response of existing government exploited the tragedies and
ignored the beneficence intrinsic to the social phenomena in a
despicable display of manipulation of the 4th estate.  Once legal and
available to virtually anyone with the initiative to seek the experience
for themselves, governmental control instituted moral judgement on the
population and relegated the proponents of the psychedelic revolution to
abject criminality.  The creator of lysergic acid diethylamide and its
initial human experimenter, Dr Albert Hoffman of Sandoz Laboratories, is
of the substantial expert opinion that his "problem child" be used in a
controlled environment to induce mystic experience.
The attempt of a government to regulate the morality of its population,
by propagandic indoctrination in the guise of public education of its
young, is contrary to the very precepts of foundational Jeffersonian
Democracy.  Faith in the innate goodness of humankind, and trust that
protecting minority opinion in the interest of the pursuit of liberty,
are the very precepts that Jefferson sought to ensure for posterity in
the Constitution of the United States of America.  If this constitution
is to survive into the coming millennium, the visionary precepts of
justice and reciprocity, founded in a spiritual trust of the creator of
humankind Jefferson wrote into its architecture, must under go a
The National Information Infrastructure in current debate is an augury
of the social structure of the next millennium.  If the defensive
paradigms of the intelligence community are allowed to taint its
architecture for posterity, we will have failed in our mission of the
salvation of humanity.  The collective welfare of humankind should be
paramount to mere national interest.
The time has come for every American to seize the moment and demand
accountability of their government.  If not actively participating in
the socio-technological revolution before us, we risk the developmental
disability of not only our's, but the future of the posterity of
humankind.  Assert your right to freedom of speech, and demand your
right to privacy be preserved.  As always, your own future lies in your
own hands.  Please take individual responsibility for it.

@_date: 1994-04-11 10:25:46
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: ? EFF Hoax/PRZ Defense (Mech) 
I can unequivocably assure you nothing in the *Porn Press Release Hoax*
that I read mentioned anything about the Phil Zimmerman Defense Fund.  If
McCandlish manages to glean import from the subject of this message to the
degree he reads it, I invite his comment as well.

@_date: 1994-04-11 22:08:08
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Cyber PsyOps (Re: Shot) 
live in the company of those whom you drove to irrationality?  And how Psychological Warfare is the only way to compete with the NSA on this issue.  This is how they are manipulating the Clinton Administration, and
the population with propagandic undue infuluence.  Power is only aquired
by the fact that the population gives the NSA power via credibility.  They
are the NSA, ergo, they must know what they are talking about.  The Clinton
Administration has been similarly duped.
Second question.  Of the consensual normalities of society, Fredrich Perls
said, "You can choose to participate in the collective psychosis, or dare
to be yourself, and possibly be crucified."  I'm in the business of raising
the population's awareness, as is EFF.  Perls also said, "Awareness of itself, is curative."
Provisions for the survival of tribal anarchy- a pure democracy- were written
into the Constitution by Thomas Jefferson, if one is to give weight to
progressive theory.  An aware, informed, and actively participating population
is my aim, not "driven to irrationality" as Blanc state above.
The internet, in its present state is a belevolent anarchy, with guidlines of
courtesy extended to the new participants by the older experienced participants.Some of us are experienced and quite comfortable functioning in an anarchic
environment.  As the hordes come, we are already preparing the way for them.
Kapor talked about the public outcry that would be percipitated by shutting
down the internet.  We've talked about strength in numbers.  We can trust the
innate herd instinct of humankind to self regulate and organize itself with
in this new paradigm of confluence.
Psychological Warfare is duofold.  It harrases the enemy, and hopefully wins
the hearts and minds of the population.  I suggest Blanc not throw the baby
out with the bath water.

@_date: 1994-04-12 00:54:15
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Cyber PsyOps 
Black Unicorn sez..
Change is happening now.  This is not something an individual can instigate,
it just happens in predictible cycles.  I'm just spitting in the ocean with
my $0.02.  I am committed to the letter and the spirit of the Constitution
of the United States of America.  Maybe Marbury v. Madison (1803) was a fuck up.  Reversing that decision is a plank of the Libertarian platform.
The Constitution has provided amending provisions, and we can always rectify
the errors of shortsightedness.
Article XXI
Section 1.  The eighteenth article of amendment to the Constitution of the
United States is hereby repealed.
I opperate under the ASSUMTION that anything I release publicly, (email
post cards included), is available to the intelligence community.  Here's
a little personal Hx for you and cypherpunks.  I find it rather Pynchonesque.
Between a high school friend of mine, Peter Anthony Zellner, and I, we have
3 Social Security   Two of them are consecutive and are mine.  The US
Navy spent a years worth of investigation, (NIS), to find out why Pete's SS#
didn't work.  He was given an "N" designation for Navy until they got it
straightened out.
My mother has testified under oath in a court of law she signed my elistment
papers when I was 17.  When I was 18, my draft classification was 1-H.
On 18 February 1983, an Air Force Lt Col stopped by my place in Denver on
his way to a conference at Keystone that became SDI.  I refused a mission
and was cashiered on the spot.  End of story.
I can offer circumstantial evidence and personal corraboration that the above
is true.  FOIA is useless.  I always draw a blank- (which is indicative of
an active file).  In the Fall of 1984, at the bequest of Robert Bragg, Petty
Officer 1st Class, NIS ran a check on me.  The reason is because FTS clearances
are "Q" clearances, and I gave Bragg the proper cue.  Bragg informed me that
NIS considered me questionble.
There are a lot of very bright people doing some important work on this list
that is far beyond my technical expertise.  I don't have to write it, however,
just learn how to use it.  I offer mainly social philosophy and social activism.In consideration of this, I have no intentions of disscussing the above any
One may believe it, or disbelieve it.  I don't care.  If one tends toward
disbelief, I'm sure the above will be used in an attempt to discredit me.
If my personality and activism is disruptive to cypherpunks, I can always
shut up and just read the damn thing.  I have no intention of becoming involved in a Detweilerian flame war.
Especially with Black Unicorn.  I'm trained to determine potential harm of
a classified leak.  I can tell by Unicorn's response that he is informed to
an extent, yet has a limited paradigm of intelligence access by which he/she
makes his/her judgements.
Carry on cypherpunks.  If rebuttal to my statements cloggs the group, I will
do all I can to minimize it.  I can always sit here and read the damn thing.

@_date: 1994-04-12 02:43:34
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Cyber PsyOps 
Having read Black Unicorn,
Thank you.  Would you please critique my _Paradigms_of_Revolution?
I am prone to action on instinct.  I'm still thinking about your
questions relative to function.  For one thing, I suggest that everyone
have a refferance with the Constitution with in arms reach of their
terminals.  Its despicalbly under read by law enforcement types, and may give us an edge up somewhere down the road.

@_date: 1994-04-12 10:08:15
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Cyber PsyOps & Media 
I just got off the phone with David Wilson with the Chronicle of Higher
Education.  Sarah Simpson confirmed my membership in EFF to him, and said
I'd better talk to him myself.  I told him the document was posted to
Usenet, I just accelerated the news of its leak.  I told him it was my
statement that a wake up call was needed to the American public.  They
need to take the initiative themselves to attain internet access by their
own means.  I told him in my opinion it was authentic and I told him why.
I assured him that if the document contained classified information I would
not have blasted it all over the globe.  I told him I had no idea of the
origin of the leak.  He asked for a copy of my essay, _Paradigms_of_
Revolution_ and I sent it to him.
That is a complete report.  If it isn't in the above paragraph, I didn't tell him.  Are we all clear?  Thought so.

@_date: 1994-04-13 22:25:27
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: NBC News Tomorrow 
Brokaw's producer just interviewed me via email and will call in the AM.
Good night to watch NBC News tomorrow.  The woman in LA I talked to tonight got a hell of an education.  When she thanked me for it, I told
her it was part of my job to educate as an EFF member, and I credited
cypherpunks with a lot of my education.
Don't give up yet.  When the American public finds out they got fucked
out of their right to privacy 4 Feburary and nobody even bothered to ask them about it, I think they're going to be really PISSED.

@_date: 1994-04-14 03:59:54
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: fake pgp messages 
Eric Hollander asked about faking pgp messages.
How much disk space do you have?  I have a couple of megs of active
files of text I could email you and you could just send them out as
ascii.armored real messages.

@_date: 1994-04-14 09:58:42
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: NBC's Kaul 
NBC's Alan Kaul and I had a discussion a few moments ago.  Apparantly
a helicopter crashed and this is old news.  He has been instructed by
NBC superiors to move on.  The downplaying by the NSA was key.  It wasn't
another "Pentagon Papers" leak.
He's got my unlisted number and asked if he could call from time to time
to use me as an informed source, and asked to be kept on my mailing list.
I guess I'll scrounge up that abitrary finger data from the AmEmbMoscow.gov
deal and send that to him as an item of interest.  Perhaps a CIA hand was
logged on when that stuff popped up on the screen...
This is not a topic for discussion.  I know some of you have grown to care
about me, and some rip me routinely.  I am responsible and accountable for
my own actions.  "Those who risk nothing, are nothing, do nothing, and
become nothing."  By the time you rebut, that finger information will be
gone.

@_date: 1994-04-16 15:00:15
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Media Mass Mailers 
::Sounds a bit like Serdar's scheme.
Having had some experimental success with mass mailing the media, I've already considered the concept.  Pertinent adresses would include major
newspaper, TV and periodicals.  Items would have to be newsworthy, not
just informational.  Personal attention would be paramount.  A live person
would have to monitor the responses, personally appologizing for the inconvienience to those requesting deletion, with assurances that the matter
will taken care of to their satisfaction immediately.
Out of the God knows how many media adresses Adam Gaffin provided me, I had
two deletion requests.  One from an IL local, and the other from the Pheonix
Gazzette.  Notable persons requesting to be kept informed of newsworthy developments on the electronic frontier include Adam Kaul of NBC News.
IMHO, we need to use our technological resources to their greatest tactical
and operational advantage.  Albeit, ladies and gentlemen, we must consider it
of paramount importance to preserve a strategy of befriending the media, avoiding at ALL COST a technological alienation of them.
Serdar's roboposts are the classic example of what not to do.  I'm sure if
this ever gets out of the intellectual stage and into the operational, sufficient safeguards for our integrity will have been established.

@_date: 1994-04-17 15:20:35
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Warrentless Search 
Black Unicorn states:
The average citizen operates from a paradigm of self interest, perhaps
extended to his/her family.  If a governmental action does not resonate
with this paradigm- (i.e. "what's in it for me?")- the government action
goes largley unnoticed.  When the Reagan administration exhumed the 1888
Law allowing military to assist law enforcement, but not make arrests, I
took note of that because it directly affected my life.  Almost no one
else paid any attention to it.
Another facet of human nature one can trust is 75% of the population will
follow a direct order without much question, given the person issuing the
order appears to have the authority to do so.  I am Emergency Medically
Trained.  When the shit hits the fan, I order people to preform specific
tasks, most notibally calling 911.  If a person stands there and thinks,
I order another to do it.  It only takes a matter of seconds to organize
a concerted team effort to aid the victim- because I am the responsible
person.  They are not accountable for their actions anymore in their minds,
I am.
This isn't civilization, it's gregarious herd instinct ;)

@_date: 1994-04-17 20:17:23
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Warrantless Search 
indictive of citizen's apathy.  I make this assertion with the admission
 that I don't know the specifics of your example, as you did not provide
 them.
I spend the majority of the warm months on the fecal end of the stick in
the Drug War.  I personally do not drink, nor do I even smoke pot.  A
Warrior's sobriety has great survival value, and extends far beyond the
ethnocentric denotation of "sobriety" in this western culture. As a consequence of having very long hair, and prefering Grateful Dead
to mere Rock 'n Roll, I get stopped and searched frequently anytime I'm
out of Wyoming.  I prefer to be harrassed by law enforcement, than make
the simple concession of cutting my hair.  I wear the hairstyle of my
Cheyenne ancestory for spiritual reasons.
Being a civil libertarian, I accept this drastic change in my life brought
on by the Drug War for very simple reasons.  All the time law enforcement
spends harrassing me, several people who are minding their own business and smoking a little pot, not to mention the use of other soft drugs, are
getting away scott free.
We keep looking at real life case law for precident in cyberspace legal
defense.  This is speech.  That was established by EFF in the S Jackson
et al. games case.  Now we are looking at privacy.  I have no personal
privacy.  Absolutely everything I do is open to inspection by the US Gov't.
Warrentless search precident means that my accounts can be inspected.  My
passwords can be obtained by technological surveillance with out my know-
lege, and my private accounts invaded.
I live in a community where I don't even lock my front door- ever.  This is
widely known and most people are aware they are free to walk in my home
any time they want, whether I am here or not.  This trust is honored The current state of cberspace is exactly like being on Acid in 1964.
I urge you all to study the parallel's of revolutionary uprising, and
subsequent oppression of same by the US Gov't.
I've seen the other side of the fence.  We're in the business of reclaiming
privacy and liberty, not struggling to keep it.

@_date: 1994-04-18 18:05:35
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Thank You Anonymous Source 
I recieved your white # 10 envelope with the Oakland post mark 15 April.
Thank you for its contents, "another urgent activist," whom ever you are.

@_date: 1994-04-19 01:09:26
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Lay Chilly Jones 
Jesus Christ Jones- get off Darren's back.  Cyberspace is spook central.
Learn how to live with it.  If you don't get your head together, you'll
go off the deep end like Detweiler.  This is hard ball with the big boys.
If you're not up to the game, take a break.
And Darren, that's what you get for living in California.  I quit using
CA driver's licenses when they went to the strip.  As I said via private
email, welcome aboard.  I don't care what you do.  You're a participant in
the common lot of humankind, as are we all.
Carry on cypherpunks.

@_date: 1994-04-19 02:24:02
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Magnetic Strip Accidents 
As Barlow told me during an unrelated incident, "Christ, *shit* happens, eh?"
One of the main reasons I don't live in NY or CA is they have so many laws.
If you can't find a way around the system, or to slip through the cracks,
you'll just have to goose-step along to the bitter end.  If the internet
becomes the surveillance system the intelligence communities envision, there
may be a law against sitting on the toilet sideways and a means to enforce it.

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:04:16
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: S Milgram & Authority Response 
Milgram had 66% go to the end of the board with the subjects believing
they had killed a person with electric shock.  I saw him present the paper.
I asked him at the end, placing ethical questions aside, what he felt the
most important finding of this research was.  He paused thoughtfully, and

@_date: 1994-04-19 20:45:33
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
Jeff Davis says:
Stanley Milgram reorganized the very foundations of ethical human research
with his experimental procedure.  He was very active in structuring ethical
human experimentation for years.  That's why my question was phrased, "ethical
questions aside..."
Some o' y'all don't know much about folks, do ya.

@_date: 1994-04-19 23:00:55
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Public Hearings (Clip & DT!) 
This will be in tomorrow's EFFector Online:
Congressional hearings on the Administration's Clipper/Skipjack initiative,
and the FBI's draft Digital Telephony surveillance bill, and their
implications for privacy and First Amendment rights, are to be held
April 27 and May 3, 1994.
Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT), of the Senate Judiciary's Technology and the Law
Subcommittee, has expressed skepticism of the Clipper encryption scheme,
and has called for hearings to examine the problems of this proposal and its
implementation.  This effort is due in part to all of you who played a
vital role by responding to EFF's grassroots campaign to raise fundamental
questions about security and free speech issues in relation to the White
House proposal.
The Senate hearing will be held on April 27, 1994, 9:30am EDT, Hart
Building Rm. 216, and should feature testimony from the Digital Security
and Privacy Working Group (a broad coalition of industry and public
interest organizations, including EFF), Trusted Information Systems' Steve
Walker, Whitfield Diffie of Sun Microsystems, a representative of the
Justice Dept. (possibly Atty. Gen. Janet Reno), NSA Director Adm. Mike
McConnell, and Ray Kammer of NIST.
For more information, contact Beryl Howell at the Senate Judiciary
Committee: +1 202 224 3406 (voice), +1 202 224 9516 (fax)
Note: this is the full Committee's fax, so address faxes to "Berly Howell, Technology and the Law Subcommittee" or delivery may be delayed.
Following the Senate Hearings, the House Science, Space and Technology
Subcommittee on Technology, Evironment and Aviation will be holding a
hearing to address related civil liberties issues of both the Clipper
scheme and the FBI "Digital Telephony" proposal, which so far remains
unsponsored. The hearing will be chaired by Rep. Tim Valentine (D-NC), and
is scheduled for May 3, 1994, 1pm EDT, Rayburn Building Rm. 2318.  Witnesses
will include Ray Kammer of NIST, NSA's Clint Brooks, representatives from
industry in a panel that will include USTA and TIA, expert witnesses
Dorothy Denning and David Farber, and EFF's Jerry Berman on behalf of
DPSWG.  FBI appears not to be making a showing.
The House hearing is being held "to review the Administration's policies
and legislative proposals dealing with electronic survellance, privacy
and security, ...the adequacy of the Computer Security Act in protecting
goverment computer systems", and "the Administration's proposed Digital
Telephony legislation and decision to promulgate a voluntary federal
encryption standard".
Futher information can be provided by Tony Clark of the Subcommittee at
+1 202 225 8115 (voice), +1 202 225 7815 (fax)

@_date: 1994-04-19 23:41:38
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Phase Cancelling Noise (What the heck is this) 
The noise can be phase cancelled.  Dan Healy did it all the time in '74
with the Wall of Sound double microphone set up for Grateful Dead.

@_date: 1994-04-20 14:44:44
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
bill.stewart +1-510-484-6204 says:
And Mr. Davis made that implication out of complete ignorance.  I am not
an acadamian.  I am semi-retired, and was quitely living out my life in
Wyoming until John Perry Barlow declared revolutionary war in cyberspace.
Now I'm hanging out with Math PhD's and hardware engineers marveling at the acceleration of my learning curve.
Thank you sincerly for the education, Perry.  I appologize for my ignorance
leading me to be dishonest.  Standing corrected, I will be honest about
meeting Milgram during a presentation on ethics in human experimentation.
In respect to the inevitability of future stupidity on my part, I will
immediately post a public admission of my error as I did now.  r.

@_date: 1994-04-20 16:02:55
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Milgram & Authority (+Ethics) 
I am a local call from a T5.  I have an appointment with my State Senator
Friday to talk to him about telnet access from basic phone service becoming
a State Right of residents.  Ma Bell can switch on the ISDN, and people can
send their children to public schools with out fear of them being shot in the lunch room.  The Community College System, and the University of Wyoming,
maintain a plethora of satellite uplinks.  The modem pools need to be substantially upgraded, and blocked from out of state long distance calls.
With these modifications of the existing system, it is my hope that we can
revitalize our economy, and switch from an energy industry based economy
to a technologically based economy, with out the infusion of centralized
industry moving into a state with limited water resources.
Y'all kinda keep this under your hat, will ya? >;)

@_date: 1994-04-20 17:39:52
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Harlow! Email me quick. 
Sorry guys...
Darren, I was getting around to your EFF questions and such this evening
and apparently I deleted all your mail by mistake.  I've got a free public
internet access site for you to tnet to and you can be a private citizen
in cyberspace, or Sgt. Harlow, whichever you prefer.

@_date: 1994-04-21 01:46:03
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: EFF & PGP 
You're a little slow, Sparky.  I had the  sig! on my public
key a couple of days before it hit the net.  One may ftp it, or simply
email pgpkey  It's for sensitive messages and comes with a request that it not be used trivially.  It's been out for a few weeks now. I used it 5 April to encrypt my Fed Reserve report to the office.
With Dan Brown for a SysOp and average loads tantilizingly low on eff.org,
why do they need the hassle of signing their messages?  Site security is
a site responsibility.  The Hoax came out of an anonymous remailer, not
an eff.org forgery.  The Hoax enjoyed a brief resurgence on the net a week
ago and was pandemically debunked as soon as it showed up.

@_date: 1994-04-22 10:31:00
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: DId you ever think... 
No I didn't.  I'll see Phil Zimmerman tomorrow in Boulder.  I'm sure he'll find your conjecture ludicrous.

@_date: 1994-04-24 21:31:31
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: CU Crypto Session Sat 
If old Sam gets his butt in gear, I should have a tape of the crypto
session in Boulder yesterday to transcribe.  Here's a brief report of the
doings.  Dr. Dorthy Denning of Georgetown University presented the escrowed
encryption proposal.  She was talking Boy Scouts and telephones, teaching
kindergarten.  Escrowed encryption was heinously soft peddled by Denning.
The ramifications of escrowed encryption privacy violations by the intelligence communities was avoided during the initial presentation.  She
assured everyone that the FBI, with probable cause, would get a court order
for the escrowed keys from NIST and DoJ.
Rebutting was Phil Zimmerman, who was applauded when introduced as being
under criminal investigation.  Phil talked civil liberties, and some of the
uses PGP was finding in countries not nearly as free from gov't intrusion
as the United States.  Phil brought up the point that intelligence agencies
do not play by the same rules as the DoJ and FBI.
Ken Klingenstein, CU director of comp. networking services, brought up the
most interesting news to me.  His perception of the DoD people he was in
contact with was that they considered the escrowed encryption quagmire an
NSA problem and were providing Klingenstein with helpful information.
Denning had been nervous through out her presentation and response to the
rebuttals of Phil and Ken.   Again she avoided the issue of intelligence
community intrusion, focusing on organized crime.
I spoke to Denning briefly after the session.  Eli Nixon, an investigator
for the Zimmerman defense, and I proposed legalization for the drug problem.
Denning sugested that organized crime would move into new territory in such
an event.  Slavery.  (I found that rather anti-climactic after her dramatic
measured pause for effect).
Denning mentioned terrorists.  I rebutted with satellite surviellance.  I pointed out that we could read a poker hand via computer enhancement.  This
visibly shook her.  Escrowed encryption is completely unnecessary, and she
had no rebuttal for this.  My information on satellite resolution came from
a physicist who worked at JPL.
I shook Dr. Denning's hand and wished her luck.  She either reads everything
I post, or was briefed beforehand.  She was quite familiar with me.  She
couldn't believe I would discuss classified information on satellite resolution
in casual conversation.  The USAF hand in attendance was as smooth as sandpaper
as well.  As soon as I mentioned SDI, he shot over to evesdrop on the conversation I was having with Eli Nixon, et al.
All and all, a fun time in Boulder.   e

@_date: 1994-04-28 01:50:55
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: spooks on cypherpunks 
Thanks for the hot fucking tip, Sparky.  What was your first clue?
I suggest you not only learn to live with it, you learn to compete at
their level.  You can ftp my Psychological Warfare Primer for Online
Activists at ftp.eff.org
You have the right to free speech, and you have the right to dissent.
Use it or loose it slick.   Imagine some spook taking a shit in a public
restroom.  They're human.  And they fuck up regular as well.

@_date: 1994-04-28 20:55:42
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Some Other Friends of Mine 
Some other friends of mine I've been involved with since their inception.

@_date: 1994-04-29 05:21:16
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Rings of Saturn 
Y'all are doing real well with the satellite discussion.  It may interest
some of you to know that the rings of Saturn were found to be braided in
4's.  This blew the hell out of the direction they were going on unified
field theory which predicted they would be braided in 3's.  With no atmospheric refraction to contend with, this was still a rather accomplished
Some of you are thinking very solid on intel sats.  Think eliptical orbits
with a pass "on the deck" over 2 target areas, and think multiple mirrored
geosynchonous orbits.  With a large target area, enhancement of specific
sections can be acomplished.  Also, quit limiting your thinking to the visible light spectrum.  Electomagnetic waves are electromagnetic waves-
just a bunch of rolling circle turns actually.
In case someone eats my lunch on the geosynchonous multi-mirrored
suggestion, take a look at multiple coverage of primary target areas with
large general surveillance able to be enhanced to specific detail in selected
sectors in mind.
BTW- pretty much anything Russkii and nuclear leaks like a seive...

@_date: 1994-05-02 20:51:55
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Chimerically Misquoted 
I've never said this in any forum, public or private.  The only Zimmerman
quote on cypherpunks I've ever seen was in the WSJ.  He stated he was not
a cypherpunk, he wore a suit when he contacted clients.  In responding to this, I've opened myself to another spew by Perry, but what the fuck.  If
one has to take a cheap shot, one is already whipped.  And I'm not here
to win a popularity contest either.

@_date: 1994-05-02 23:43:18
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: A distribution solution! 
The EFF infobot for Adam Gaffin's Big Dummies Guide is .  It
contains instructions on how to anonymous ftp.  An up to date list of sites to
fpt PGP from is available in the crypto section.
We made PGP 2.3a available at the Armory and even have the docs for those who
need them.
What Jim said...

@_date: 1994-05-03 06:10:52
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Digital Cash 
Anonymity.  Digital Cash, in theory, works like Federal Reserve Notes.
Financial transactions can be carried out between individuals with out
a bank as an intermediary.  Therefore, there is no record of the
transaction.  One doesn't have to smear one's fingerprints all over
cyberspace to buy a used bicycle for their child or pay off a Super
Bowl bet.

@_date: 1994-05-03 10:49:30
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Chimerically Misquoted 
I stand corrected.  BTW- "Cypherpunks" has a ring to it the media loves
to exploit.  Maybe we should consider changing the name of the group to
bit.nerd.weenies and avoid public scrutiny ;)  Or maybe this really is
about crypto-anarchy.
The US gov't position on anarchy is someone must speak for the anarchists.
That's how they made Red Cloud the spokesperson for the Lakota tribes.  The
only person Red Cloud had the authority to speak for when he signed the
Ft. Laramie treaty of 1868 was Red Cloud, as far as the Lakota Nations were
Just a piece of history.  The US gov't insists an anarchy conform to its
paradigm of centralized leadership and singular spokesperson.  I prefer to
think and speak for myself, thank you.

@_date: 1994-05-04 10:10:29
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Varian Synopsis 
Distributed to TAP-INFO, a free Internet Distribution List
(subscription requests to listserver TAXPAYER ASSETS PROJECT - INFORMATION POLICY NOTE
May 3, 1994
This is a note about an important issue:  the future pricing of Internet services.  Please repost freely.
     -    University of Michigan Economist Hal Varian says the
          Internet is likely to face some type of usage based
          pricing in the future.
     -    Varian says increasing demands on Internet by
          multimedia applications and commercial bypass of
          telephone networks will lead to significant increases
          in demands on Internet resources, and create pressures
          for usage based pricing models.
     -    Varian proposes a system of congestion based pricing,
          that will allow free off-peak usage, but speculates
          that other outcomes are possible, and
     -    Predicts eventual demise of CIX model of flat rate (no
          settlements) pricing for Network Service Providers.
              NOTES ON PROFESSOR HAL VARIAN'S APRIL 21 TALK                           ON INTERNET ECONOMICS
                    by James Love (love
                               May 3, 1994
     On April 21, the Telecommunications Policy Roundtable (TPR)
held its first workshop on the future of democratic discourse on
the Internet.  Hal Varian, a professor of economics and finance
from the University of Michigan, presented "Economic FAQs about
the Internet," a paper co-authored with Jeffery K. Mackie-Mason. The Workshop was held at the Carnegie Institution in Washington,
DC, and attended by about 60 persons.
     There was considerable interest in the topic.  TAP had
received more than 400 requests for copies of the paper
(including about 350 requests by electronic mail).  The paper is
available for anonymous ftp, gopher, or World Wide Web at
gopher.econ.lsa.umich.edu, or by sending an email message to
ndaly       Professor Varian's prepared talk followed the paper fairly
closely, with a number of facts and antidotes thrown in to
illustrate his main points.  Among economists Varian is known as
a superb expositor, and his presentation was as clear and
accessible as the paper.  Varian spent the first part of his talk
describing such topics as who "owns" various components of the
Internet (backbones, midlevel networks, etc), technical aspects
of Internet routing, and the growth of traffic on the Internet. I won't bother to go over all the points which are explained in
the paper, but a few items are worth mentioning.
     Varian disclosed that Internet data packets contain an
unused "priority bit," that was originally designed to allow
Military brass to assign priorities in data routing.
     The costs of routers (workstations) had fallen much faster
than the long distance transport costs, and the long distance
backbone facilities were often the bottleneck.
     Varian also spent a good amount of time explaining how
Internet usage is changing, and that while electronic mail is the
service most widely used, it constitutes only about 8 percent of
the bits sent over the network.  New applications, such as the
multimedia Mosaic, Internet Fax, and Internet radio are rapidly
becoming large users of Internet resources, and these new uses of
the Internet are creating huge pressures to change the way
Internet services are priced.  To illustrate his point, Varian
talked about the new Power PCs, which will allow a single user (a
college student talking to his parents) to hook up a video
camera, and send about 1 megabyte of data per second to the
Internet, nearly tying up an entire T-1 line.  Varian indicated
that the power of workstations connected to the Internet is
increasing much faster than the capacity of the Internet to carry
traffic.  Moveover, a number of commercial users of the Internet
are rapidly finding ways to bypass the higher priced telephone
networks, both domestically and internationally.
     Varian was focused largely on the increased congestion cause
by the new demands on the Internet.  Interestingly, his own
research indicated that peak demands shifted from day to day, and
peak and off-peak usage could not be easily predicted by the
time-of-day, as it is for telephone service.
     In the United States the Internet is unregulated, and there
are no internal prices for Internet usage.  Network service
providers typically buy bandwidth, or capacity, and face zero
marginal costs for usage.  End users face a variety of  charges,
depending upon how their service providers resell access to the
network.  Some foreign countries, such as New Zealand and Chile,
charge Internet users for traffic, as measured by bits.
     Different uses for Internet services have different
requirements in terms of routing priorities.  Electronic mail
generally does not require an immediate claim on network
bandwidth, and can be managed to travel "off peak."  On the other
hand, some services, such as video conferencing, Internet "talk,"
or running Mosaic, generally allow the user to command bandwidth
at a particular time.
     Varian was quite clear that he believes that the problem of
congestion on the Internet will become a much larger problem as
the Internet becomes used for a more diverse set of applications
(and the growing power of desktop computers to generate data).
     Varian said that he believes there will eventually be prices
for Internet usage, and the only real uncertainty will be which
pricing system is used.  A very difficult problem will be the
development of accounting systems and other mechanisms to
facilitate billing for Internet usage.  Generally speaking, it is
not simple to determine if data packets contain electronic mail,
fax transmissions, video, or other data, making content based
pricing problematic.  There are also a number of complex issues
relating to when or where traffic would be "charged" for internet
usage, since users gain access to the Internet from a highly
decentralized network of workstations and networks.  Varian also
talked about problems in determining if senders or receivers
would pay for data transmissions, which he illustrated by talking
about ftp or gopher servers  (who was the "sender" of the data, the person sending the query, or the file server which returns
     According to Varian, a number of persons are working on
these problems, and many important decisions will be determined
by engineers working on technical issues.  He singled out the
Internet Society's Internet Engineering Task Force as the most
important forum for groups sorting these issues out.
     Varian said that any scheme to charge for internet usage
would also involved non-trivial costs in terms of metering or
accounting, and possibly significant changes in the culture of
the Internet (the question on many persons minds is the future of
the Internet Listserves), although on a more optimistic note, he
said the costs of routing and backbone services should be low, if
calculated on a per user basis.
     Varian said little about the Commercial Internet Exchange
(CIX) in his prepared remarks, but in response to questions, he
said that he did not believe the CIX pricing model (a flat fee
for connectivity) was sustainable, and he thought that the new
Network Access Point (NAP) providers (Ameritech, Pac Bell,
Sprint, and MFS) would employ a usage based pricing approach.
     Varian also talked at some length about work underway to
create mechanisms for charging for other types of transactions,
using a variety of schemes to create "virtual cash" for use on
the Internet, such as the services recently announced by Commerce
Net using technology developed under NSF funded R&D.  Varian said
that government R&D in this area was welcomed, because it
provided neutral non-proprietary systems that couldn't be
controlled or manipulated by a single firm.
     Varian described the new Internet architecture, which is
based upon four NAPs, each controlled by a telephone company,
which Varian described as the new "cloverleaves" for the Internet
(connecting various backbones and networks), and the new vBNS
high speed backbone.  Varian said the high interest in the vBNS
contract was due largely to its strategic role in the development
of new Internet technologies, including accounting and payment
mechanisms, which may eventually be deployed to the entire
Internet.  (MCI "won" the recent NSF contract for the vBNS, but
the award is being contested by Sprint.  AT&T was also rumored to
have been an unsuccesful bidder on the vBNS).
     Varian's own preference for Internet pricing is a system
that only charges for priority routing.  As described in several
papers (written with MacKie-Mason), Varian would employ a system
whereby users would "bid" for access when congestion was a
problem, and routers would give priority to packets that had the
highest willingness to pay.  Users would pay the lowest price
that was accepted in this routing "auction," so everyone would
have an incentive to reveal their true willingness to pay.  Under
Varian's scheme, all Internet traffic which did not claim
priority status would travel for free.  Thus, for example, a
large Internet mailing list such as Humanist, PACS-L  or CPSR-
Announce could mail for "free," with an off peak priority.
     For Varian's scheme to work, it would be necessary to have
routers compare "bids" by packets, priority bidders would have to
"pay" for access to someone, and there would have to be a high
degree of consensus, so the priority packets would not face
bottlenecks or delays anywhere on the Internet.  Varian
acknowledged that it was possible that the Varian (and MacKie-
Mason) system of pricing might not be adopted, and some less
elegant system, such as pricing by the bit, may be coming.
     A number of persons wanted to know who would decide these
issues, and Varian was not too specific.  The message (the
"guess") seemed to be that the companies which controlled the
NAPs and a critical mass of the backbones would have a lot to say
about what was eventually adopted.  Varian was asked to speculate
about future telco investments in Internet providers, such as
purchases of companies like PSI or UUNET, but he was reluctant to
predict much, other than to emphasize the importance of
competitive free entry into the market for Internet services,
which would undermine monopolist practices.  Varian was asked if
it was possible that a coalition of Internet providers would have
the power to implement a pricing scheme that would have an
adverse impact on the future of Internet listserves (many of
which "send" more than 100,000 messages per day), but he was
reluctant to be very specific in his predictions, other than to
say that many outcomes were possible.
     Note:  On April 29, a follow-up workshop was held with
     Dr. Steve Wolff of NSF, Professor David Farber, and PSI
     CEO William Schrader.  Notes from that workshop and
     other information regarding Internet pricing will be
     posted to tap-info.

@_date: 1994-05-06 20:49:11
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: The ITARs 
still works to my knowlege, I haven't seen anything from
DC to the contrary.  The status is that it is sponsored and I don't know if
it's gone to commitee yet or not.  But it's still very alive.

@_date: 1994-05-12 14:27:34
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: NSA Cheif Counsel in Wired (Rebuttal) 
A little further along in the AP story on the record level of Clinton
Administration wire taps, Micheal J. Sniffen states:
This microphone recorded conversations in the office, not the telephone.  As
I stated to Dr. Dorthy Denning of Georgetown University, escrowed encryption
is unnecessary for surveillance.  In addition to "bugs", intellegence agencies
also provide long range listening technology to the enforcement agencies like
the FBI and DEA.  Organized criminals don't use the phone to discuss business,
it can be tapped.
This sort of blows a hole in Stuart Baker's arguments for escrowed encryption
being necessary in law enforcement.  The next time he offends someone with his
tired trig joke, I would hope that he is ask to rebut this.  As well as to estimate how many conversations and participants are actually involved in the
given figure of 333 1993 "wiretaps."
Long range listening was found to fall under federal "wiretap" rules in the
Smalldone case in Denver during the summer of 1982.  Try to FOIA that info.

@_date: 1994-05-17 06:30:27
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Wouldn't it be nice, 
I thought it was nice the way it is...   Seriously, I got a mass mail
message informing me that the list was wiped and to resubscribe.  It
was big news, except on Prodigy and AOL, so I wonder if a bunch of
the lurkers thought it not worth the effort.

@_date: 1994-05-27 17:33:25
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Email Stalking on CNN 
The idiot box behind me is making noise about Headline News' lead story
for the evening, Email Stalking.  The woman involved states she'll never
use email again.  Seems to me her arguments are moot, as cypherpunks has
already developed the technology to solve this problem.  Anyone volunteer
to be a spokesperson for rebuttal?

@_date: 1994-05-28 13:38:50
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Email Stalking on CNN 
You might pass this information on to CNN in Atlanta.  It seemed to me
the woman's problem was completely unnecessary give current cypherpunk
techology _in_situ_.  Their number is:
10:00 to 18:00 weekend hours- 08:00 to 21:00 week day hours.  I didn't have
to wait long to get a live one on the line.  Rates are great on Saturday
as well if you haven't gotten around to dumping AT&T as your carrier.

@_date: 1994-06-03 01:35:14
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Re: Mailer questions 
Today I used the catalyst remailer to send an anonymous
contribution to a list.  They're raising hell about anonymity in their
list, but that's beside the point.  The message also showed up on a
seperate beta test list.  I assume this was done manually by  bouncing the message to the other list, since he
is the sigular person on the planet subscribed to both lists.  mcstout
has been a quite vocal detractor of my catalyst contributions to the
other list.  I thus strongly suspect manual sabotage.  There was no
flaw in the Request-Remailing-To: adress.
Could someone please confirm that this was not a quirck of the remailer?

@_date: 1994-07-09 01:22:03
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: read this (fwd) 
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 2643      Precedence: list
Forwarded message:
Header deleted, Just thought y'all might find this interesting...

@_date: 1994-08-18 18:32:04
@_author: Jeff Davis 
@_subject: Oops, Sorry 
Sorry guys.  I'll kill the message agent asap.  I forgot about it.
