
@_date: 1995-11-15 18:53:47
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom (fwd) 
The printed digits above the embossed account number are the first four
digits of the BIN (on Visa cards) or ICA (on MasterCards). They are there
to discourage re-embossing of the card with another account number.
on the card issuer (or possibly on when the card was issued). My MasterCard
(from USAA) has no such printed digits; instead, the entire account number
is on the back of the card, plus 3 (I would guess check) digits.

@_date: 1995-11-24 18:56:59
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: crypto for porno users 
I can see one argument that one should not discuss such
unpopular topics. That argument is that the person who brought them
up may act as a (hopefully inadvertent) _agent provocateur_ for
those who would condemn cryptography for protecting child
pornography and similarly unaccepted practices. However, I regard
self-censorship in reaction to fears of government as as evil as
governmental censorship. Consequently, I would like to give two
counterarguments to the idea that child pornography is not
something that should be cryptographically protected.
     The first is that one may legitimately disagree with the
government on what is child pornography. For instance, one may
disagree on what minimum age should be used. Governments are known
for being quite incoherent on rules on sexuality and the age of
consent. For instance, Britain's age for consent depends on the
type of sexuality involved; heterosexual sex receives a more
lenient age (18) than homosexual (21). (There are also, of course,
difficulties caused by such legal inconsistencies as simultaneously
deeming someone not to be of consenting age for sex yet to be
considered an adult when charged with murder; I refer to the
infamous Bobbit (sp?) trials).
     The second is that given new image modification technologies,
it is possible to produce what will seem child pornography, but
with no actual harm done to children. In some ways, this product
may reduce harm to children in some respects by providing a
"competing product" to actual child pornography, and thus
discourage its manufacture. Some will argue that such simulated
child pornography is useful by pedophiles in persuading children;
this argument appears similar to the one against cryptography that
it can be used for purposes generally agreed to be illegitimate. I
trust that the list does not find such an argument to be valid. I
will mention in this regard that I have no personal want to see
child pornography. However, I support the right of those who do to
do so, if no harm to others is committed.
     Sincerely Yours,
     -Allen

@_date: 1995-12-21 15:14:28
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Telcom bill report 
coward. For additional Cypherpunks relevance, anonymous remailer operators in
the US may need to watch out.
   Reuters New Media
   _ Thursday December 21 2:11 PM EST _
Congress Reaches Compromise On Telecom Reform
   WASHINGTON - Congressional conferees have agreed to a sweeping reform
   of telecommunications law that would open competition by allowing the
   telephone, cable and broadcast industries to invade the others' turf.
   Vice President Gore says President Clinton will sign the bill. Before
   the agreement, the president had been threatening for months to veto
   the bill if Republicans in Congress did not retreat on a long list of
   issues. They retreated.
   Vice President Al Gore said "This will unleash a new era in the
   telecommunications revolution and speed completion of the information
   highway."
   The bill would also impose tough new restrictions on sexual material
   on online services. It has been bitterly opposed by civil rights
   groups who say the controls on sexual content constitute censorship.
   The legislation would impose fines of up to $100,000 and prison terms
   of up to two years on people who make "indecent" material
   available to minors over computer networks. That could pose big
   problems for companies that provide online information services.
   The "cyberporn" issue was championed by conservative
   religious groups, including the Christian Coalition, and is certain to
   provoke a new courtroom battle over Constitutional rights to free
   speech.

@_date: 1995-12-28 10:11:46
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Telcom bill report 
point out, irrelevant mail) have my sincerest apologies. I didn't notice the
lack of a CC: to cypherpunks (it's buried in the headers and I was lacking in
sleep, but that's no excuse), and consequently goofed.

@_date: 1995-12-02 15:56:39
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
I had lunch with Jim Clark today, and explained the furor that was
currently going on in cypherpunks and elsewhere.  After lunch he sent
me the e-mail that I've attached below to pass along.  I think the gist
of it is that if governments require key escrow, we will have to do it
in order to sell our products with encryption into those countries.
incorporate mandatory GAK into any of its products if you have an economic
(governmental purchase) rather than physical (governmental threat of violence)
reason to do so. I would hope that the upcoming statement will clarify this
position, and in the proper direction.

@_date: 1995-12-03 20:22:25
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
If the government wants to purchase software for its own use that implements
key escrow, why it that bad?  The whole point of our anti-GAK position is that
government mandated key escrow is bad.  If individuals, companies, or government
agencies want to escrow their own keys, with the escrow agents of their own
choosing, I have not problem.  Its only when the government make the escrow
and the agent mandatory that I've got a problem.
  I don't believe that Netscape will ship a product that mandates GAK
unless it was required by law to do so.  As long as it is legal to sell
non-escrowed crypto products in this country or elsewhere, I think we
will keep doing it, because that is what our customers want.
would still prefer that the official company statement include a clear section
on this matter. (I would also, of course, prefer that this section be
clearly against GAK; Jim Clark's claim that there are any circumstances under
which a private citizen's communications should be tapped gives me cause to

@_date: 1995-12-04 15:40:43
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: towards a theory of reputation 
I do think the idea of analyzing costs in terms of "throwing away your
reputation" by cheating and starting anew is an interesting approach.
The question is whether you can really quantify the value of a
reputation.  I know in business now corporations do carry on their books
something called "good will" which I believe is roughly the value of
their good name and trade marks.  However it is not normally considered
to be a major asset, I think.
of the corporation and on the business. For instance, when one doctor buys out
another's practice, "good will" is usually one of the larger categories. In
this case, I believe (it's been a bit since I read about it) that this
essentially is the value of recommendations and of the name of the office.

@_date: 1995-12-04 16:04:42
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: SEN_sor 
Oh, hell, even I can do *that*.  Let's see ... motherboard, $100.  Floppy drive and controller, $50.  14.4KB modem, $50.  Case and power supply, another $50 or so.  $250 profit.
more than for a monitor, unless I've missed something in my last few PC

@_date: 1995-12-04 16:05:32
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
cash-like anonymous token-based payment schemes. Is that a valid
assesment? What is needed to make these people start caring about
for anonymous payment methods. One way in which they (and the credit bureaus,
of course) make money is via the information they can gain from credit card

@_date: 1995-12-05 10:39:56
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
Accountants know how to meet acceptable auditing standards when
transactions are in cash. I learned this from the CPA I live
the advertized price of an item and the amount of that item purchased by a
store), it would appear decidedly more difficult in the case of service
companies (and even more so for self-employed individuals). I am not referring
to a company being able to keep track of its own books; I am referring to the
IRS accepting those books as the real ones, when a large part of the company's
income is in cash and therefore hard to trace.

@_date: 1995-12-05 10:47:09
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems?  (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9Meeting on Electronic Payment) 
A true geodesic structure is self-supporting and self-structuring.  A
cryptographic infrastructure can and should be similar, I agree
completely.  However, a *monetary* infrastructure needs convertability,
and the points of conversion are always the best targets of attack for
criminals.  (I've been casting about for an analogy to physical
geodesics, and it's hard to find one.  The best I can come up with is to
imagine that in order to convert a carbon buckyball to a more
conventional set of carbon molecules, you had to do it through a service
bureau that was capable of error, fraud, or subversion by outside
criminals.  This would ONLY matter if you ever wanted to do such
conversions, but it would matter a lot then, especially if you had to
suffer a serious financial loss if you got the wrong carbon molecules at
the end of the process.)
IF you wanted to settle for a totally non-convertible economy (like
rubles in the old Soviet Union, or like the LETS system on the net
today, as I understand it) then you could build it geodesically.  But if
you want to be able to convert back and forth between Internet payment
systems and non-Internet payment systems, it can never be truly
geodesic.  It will always be attackable at the points of conversion. (You may "trade digital certificates", but how do you know the ones
you're receiving were obtained for legitimate real-world value?) Because of this, the underwriting financial institutions, who have a
very reasonable desire to limit their own risk, will inevitably seek the
protection-by-traceability offered by something less than perfect
anonymity.  We may not like it, but it's a very natural position to be
taken by those who are actually bearing the financial risks at the point
a one-to-one ratio with some "real" currency. If, for instance, the digital
certificates were indeed bought with a one-to-one ratio from the producer, but
were traded to others for "real" cash at some market-determined discount, the
market would incorporate the risk. The traders who were willing to take the
risk that the certificates were not actually worth one dollar/whatever would
be able to make a profit by the difference between one digital dollar and one
"real" dollar. The problem is simplified even more with privately backed

@_date: 1995-12-05 16:03:09
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: [Political Noise?] Banking law changes proposed 
proposing changes that will make banking secrecy more difficult? I know about
the other proposals (Carribean treaty and all that), but this report isn't
complete enough to tell if Greenspan and the other regulators are also
suggesting things.

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:24:02
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems? (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9Meeting on Electronic Payment) 
I had assumed that there was a market discount, but it's still not quite
that simple.  It's very hard for markets to deal with *unbounded* risk. The biggest problem I see with most of the crypto-cash schemes is that
there is a legitimate scenario -- however low-probability you might
assess it to be -- of break-the-bank catastrophic failure, i.e. in which
someone gains the keys that allow him to essentially print money.  This
kind of low-probability, infinite-cost risk is the kind of thing that
gives underwriters the heebie jeebies.  There's a good reason that most
companies have "Ltd" after their name instead of "Unlimited", in those
countries where that's the naming convention.
ahold of the keys starts simply making lots and lots of money, in a free
market the prices in digital cash for everything will start going up. This
phenomenon will be spotted, and those taking the particular variety in
question will stop accepting it. Losses are limited to however much was out
there at a given time, and if there are multiple systems with free-market
interconversion between them, that may not be very much. People will move
out of a decaying monetary system if: A. the new system is as easy to get
as the old; and B. the new system is as easy to spend as the old.
then the resulting inflation and loss of value can simply be dealt with
using the discount mechanism. It's no longer infinite risk.

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:32:59
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Secret Clearance 
The problem is that they are subject to blackmailed/bribed/subversion ONLY
because the employer will use the info as an excuse for firing/restricting
the employee. If someone has a "skeleton in the closet" such as being gay,
so long as the employer does not discrimate against gays who INFORM the
employer of their sexual orientation or if the employer does not care about
the person being gay (ie: removes it a potential blackmail threat) there is
no problem so far as I can see. It is only when there is something that is
WORK RELATED which would affect the person's performance if not known that
the question of a background check is relevant.
thing that is valuable in the person's life. Blackmail can easily be used
against someone who is afraid of some information emerging to their family,
for instance. This perspective still isn't an excuse for disallowing gays,
however... the person who should be held responsible for such problems is
the person who responds negatively to the revelation. In other words, if the
person's family would react negatively to the person being gay, that's the
family's problem, and should be treated as such.

@_date: 1995-12-06 15:45:35
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: News on Congressional Debate on Exon 
about the lack of editing, but I'm having editor problems. I don't know what
the "fused" bill looks like. The White one can be gotten around through tactics
such as daemons deleting "adults only" signifiers when passing through one's
(or a virally-infected) machine, or via the offshore (unfiltered) server idea.
Otherwise, everything that Congress doesn't like may wind up being accessible
only via identification.
That one is broad enough to be probably tossed out by the courts (or by
Clinton if he ever shows the guts).
  __________________________________________________________________________
      (c) 1995 Copyright Nando.net
      (c) 1995 Associated Press
   WASHINGTON (Dec 6, 1995 - 16:57 EST) -- House lawmakers agreed
   Wednesday on a plan that would make it illegal for a company to
   knowingly transmit sexually explicit and other "indecent" material to
   minors over computers.
   The agreement makes it all but certain that if legislation overhauling
   the nation's telecommunications laws is enacted, it will contain some
   of the most sweeping anti-smut provisions ever imposed on computer
   communications.
   The plan is part of negotiations on a larger telecommunications bill
   and settles differences among House members who were deeply divided
   over how to best limit children's exposure to smut carried on computer
   services, including the global network, Internet.
   The plan not only toughens an anti-smut provision contained in a a
   House telecommunications bill, but brings it in line with a provision
   in the Senate's telecommunications bill.
   "We're on the road to an agreement that most can agree to," said Sen.
   J. James Exon, D-Neb., author of Senate's anti-smut provision, which
   like the House plan also outlaws the transmission of indecent material
   to minors.
   House and Senate lawmakers serving on a committee to reconcile House-
   and Senate-passed telecommunications bills met for the second time in
   six weeks on Wednesday.
   "I'm determined to finish this bill," said Sen. Larry Pressler,
   R-S.D., architect of the Senate's telecommunications measure and
   chairman of the conference committee.
   Supporters are scrambling to bring a final bill to each chamber for a
   vote by Dec. 15. Rep. Thomas Bliley, R-Va., the primary author of the
   House bill, said the conference could be completed "within days."
   While the panel ended up reconciling nearly three dozen largely
   non-controversial provisions contained in both bills, it has yet to
   resolve differences on the most contentious issues -- the conditions
   by which Bell companies may enter the long-distance business and media
   ownership.
   A tentative agreement on another contentious issue -- cable
   deregulation -- would lift existing price regulations on all but the
   smallest cable TV systems in at least three years. Small systems would
   be deregulated upon enactment.
   The House's anti-smut plan -- a combination of dueling proposals from
   Rep. Rick White, R-Wash., and Henry Hyde, R-Ill., would prohibit
   content providers on a computer service from "knowingly sending or
   directly sending" sexually explicit material to anyone 18 years old
   and younger.
   Companies that provide access to computer networks, like America
   Online and CompuServe, would not be liable under the provision, White
   said.
   The Department of Justice would enforce the provision, which also
   carries criminal penalties of up to two years in jail and $100,000 in
   fines.
   Businesses and civil liberties groups opposed Hyde's plan to toughen
   the House's anti-smut provision by making it illegal for a content
   provider to knowingly transmit indecent materials.
   Instead, they had rallied behind a proposal from White, whose district
   includes the headquarters of Microsoft, that among other things, would
   have prohibited only the transmission of materials "harmful to minors"
   and would not have outlawed indecent transmissions.
   The Center for Democracy and Technology Policy, one of the main groups
   pushing for weaker anti-smut provisions, had no immediate comment on
   the House plan.
   But Mike Russell, a spokesman for the Christian Coalition, which
   backed Hyde's tougher standard, said: "It is clearly going in our
   direction. We were holding out for tougher language and it appears
   we're going to get it."
   Indecent speech, unlike obscenity, is protected under the First
   Amendment. Though the House plan doesn't yet specifically define
   "indecent," the standard legal and regulatory definition says it is
   material that describes in terms patently offensive, as measured by
   contemporary community standard, sexual or excretory activities or
   organ.
   Transmission of obscene materials whether by print, broadcast, cable
   or computers is illegal. Obscenity is something that, measured by
   community standards, lacks, among other things serious artistic,
   political or scientific or social merit.
   

@_date: 1995-12-07 10:17:20
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Exon -- technology is not enough 
very well, due to the lack of cryptographic knowledge among most users (_I_
don't know how to set up PGP for a VAX (even if I had the room to store it
in my quota), and I have some interests in this stuff). However, something
where someone did a standard http link in, typed in a destination, and got put
 there in a way that would look like the person was coming in from the server
should work. For best bookmarking results, the added link should probably be
inside the link that it looked to the user like they were on. For instance,
should bookmark properly, and be interpretable by the server as being a
command to do a http link to that that web location. I am admittedly not that
familiar with the root mechanism of the WWW, but I believe this would work.

@_date: 1995-12-07 11:28:38
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: 1)Age etc CA 2)Swedish Digicash 
What about Estonia :) The taxes are low, there are a very few government regulations, the currency is very stable (based on German mark) ... One interesting law in Estonia is that the state budget must be balanced, so there is no way for the government to spend more money than it really has.
Technological level here is also quite good, and Internet is more popular
than in any other Eastern Europe or ex-USSR country. I think Estonia is an ideal place for such projects: high-tech companies testing their new technological ideas, inventions and business assumptions in real-life conditions. Just get yourself here !
banking secrecy (read tax haven in the Feds' opinion) countries. Some others
might include Malta, although the Catholic influence there may make
pornography-related ventures problematic. On the other hand, using Malta would
make the conspiracy theorists go nuts...

@_date: 1995-12-07 11:40:52
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Inherent Insecurity of Internet Commerce! (was RE: SecretClearance) 
OK, I'll try again. First, as I recall, SECRET clearance is actually not very high: when I got it, I had to answer a bunch of questions (do you abuse illegal drugs? are you now or have you ever been a member of any organizations? have you ever been _arrested_ for anything?) al), but did they ask about any specific organizations?

@_date: 1995-12-08 13:34:58
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: GAK and Self-Incrimination? 
Given that GAK means one never knows if the government is listening, could
a person claim protection against self-incrimination as a reason to not use
GAK, and get away with it? (This is different from the phone system, which
may also be tapped. The analogy would be the same if the government forced
one to pick a telephone it could tap over one it could not, which so far
has not been the case, but which soon may be if switching systems which are
not compliant with Digital Telephony Act provisions are shut down.)
Consider this hypo: I send an encrypted message to a partner in crime
containing plans for future crimes and descriptions of past crimes. I don't
GAK the message. The government prosecutes me under the Anti-Terrorism and
Child Protection Act of 1997.
My defense? That GAKKing the message would be tantamount to incriminating
myself, which the Fifth Amendment protects me against.
recently (Packwood) been found to not fall under the Fifth amendment. However,
IA(most definitely)NAL.

@_date: 1995-12-10 13:00:40
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
But who's going to ask?  If an anonymous payment system springs up outside
the US, we can use it as a store of value if nothing else or for shopping
overseas. Domestically, we can convert non-anonymous payment systems into
semi-anonymous ones.  What counts is difficulty of transaction and market
demand not legal structure.  Thus, about five minutes after the "temporary
VISA card" travelers check substitutes are issued, I can start selling them
for (discounted) cash to all comers.  Likewise Ecash laundry servers letting
anonymous people use non-anonymous Ecash.
It remains to be seen how much customers value anonymity.  There should be a
niche market in any case.
bartering for information. While the government has been successful in placing
limits on point-based bartering systems such as recordkeeping and taxes, the
lack of central books will make it quite hard to do so for digital cash. Trying
to outlaw barter arrangements, when what is being bartered is an apparantly
random string of numbers, is quite simply not going to work.

@_date: 1995-12-10 13:14:35
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
It seems to me that end-to-end encryption is not significantly more important
for remailed messages. Really, there's less information in the message when
it emerges from the last remailer, so there's less to protect than in the
ordinary case. Furthermore, it may not even be feasible, since I may not have a public key I can associate with my correspondent.
sends it as part of the transaction. The key is then wiped afterward. Sorry if
this isn't possible due to something that I've misunderstood.

@_date: 1995-12-19 11:25:26
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Political Cleanup program [NOISE] 
rights into property rights. Thus freedom of speech become freedom to have
influence on the politicial process in direct proportion to wealth.
which did not have the bias of wealth. It has the potential to create a new
kind of political dialogue. When the Web becomes as ubiquitous as the
telephone we will still see inequalities of power, the homeless and the poor
will still be underrepresented. But that situation must be judged against our
own where the political process can be bought and traded as if it were any
other form of comodity.
foreigner were to control the majority of the media there would be a
significant threat to the national interest. This threat has been realised in
the UK with the comming to power of Rupert Murdoch. Fortunately his influence
on the US political scene has thus far been minor. In his own country he has
brought down the government more than once.
restrictions. "We can't let in Hollywood, they might be more demanded by the
people than our own culture." "We can't let in Rupert Murdoch, his product
might be more demanded by the people than our own products." It all comes down
to people not having the courage to let their ideas be tested by what will get
the most demand.

@_date: 1995-12-20 15:45:25
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: NTT & electronic "cash" 
from Reuters. Anyone know any substantive info on their process?
   Reuters New Media
   _ Wednesday December 20 2:04 PM EST _
NTT Says Develops Secure Electronic Cash System
   TOKYO- Nippon Telegraph and Telephone said today that it has developed
   a secure electronic cash system which can be used for settling
   transactions on the Internet and in daily life using smart cards.
   "The system has very secure algorithms, and that makes fraudulent
   uses of the system very difficult," NTT researcher Mikio Suzuki
   told Reuters.

@_date: 1996-01-15 13:44:30
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION REFUSES TO CENSOR INTERNET SERVICES 
either side is making it out to be. At least according to dgillmor's
column in today's San Jose Mercury News, SW meant (or has "clarified" his
statements to mean) that he favors only limited remedial (not prior)
restraints on "hate speech" (whatever the hell that means) on Web pages
that approach "publishing" quality and distribution. SW does not favor and in fact opposes censoring newsgroups and email.
previously appeared to be the case... but that still doesn't mean it's right.
Is the censorship of broadcast media any better (of "indecent" speech) any
better because after some time in the evening it doesn't apply?
finds objectionable. Libertarian notions like freedom of association and the fact that freedom of the press belongs to the guy who owns the damn press come into play here.
certain groups access if they were running an ISP. They're trying to make it
look like any ISP that carries certain web pages is evil... and, to some
degree, this appears to me that they're putting pressure on governments to
ban the speech in question. I would guess that they support the ban in Germany,
for instance. In addition, the fewer ISPs are carrying the information, the
easier it is to ban entirely.
the like have their own principles. They're not incompatible in a free

@_date: 1996-03-12 15:51:47
@_author: "E. ALLEN SMITH" 
@_subject: Re: Stego - images and sounds 
ought to have an approximately random distribution (barring all 0's and all
1's, for full color saturation). The periodic function part could be a problem.
