
@_date: 1996-07-22 11:30:51
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
I'd certainly agree with that, but would like to add that an unloaded gun is
of no use and a gun in the nightstand or in the trunk of your car is also of
no use. For all cases other than home intrusion, the gun has to be worn -- I
recommend a shoulder holster. In the case of home intrusion, one can hope
that the intruder has no desire to be successful and permits you to get the
drop on him. Perhaps he'll slam the refrigerator door allowing you to fumble
around under your pillow for your weapon. I know of people who have walked
out of museums with paintings trailing alarm wires -- so let's hope our
intruder is an amateur and best of all is scared off by some phony security
signs, fake alarm wires, etc.
In these parts most guns seemed to be used by the temporarily depressed
teenaged children of gun owners. One kid managed to live as a vegetable
having successfully removed the source of his unhappiness -- his brain.
Tough luck. Pretty hard to aim properly when you are upset. Lesson: keep
your cool.
Now for street wear I strongly recommend a variety of loads. Probably my
favorite is a reversed semi-wadcutter. This puppy is extremely inaccurate
since it starts tumbling as it leaves the barrel. At extremely close ranges
it'll tear up some flesh and further out it'll walk nastily through outer
clothing completely wrecking it for formal wear and continue through enough
skin to be damaging. Low on kinetic energy, it will however transfer its
entire momentum where it counts. A semi-automatic will not properly feed
these, so you gotta be traditional if you are of the big clip persuasion.
A few observations: since our hog leg is shoulder-holstered we will need a
coat. Now if you want to take a piss, court-houses, airports and a few other
public buildings are out. We would feel foolish being tackled and thrown to
the floor while hunting for the restroom even if we slipped past security.
So here we are, sweating and chafing with a gun and a coat and a urinary
tract infection. Feel safe yet?

@_date: 1996-08-15 10:27:57
@_author: Llywarch Hen 
@_subject: Re: Capital and Taxes 
Quotes taken from recent Tim May posts here.
First we'll assume that economic benefits result in social benefits, otherwise what's the point?:
Now the example of how capital gains taxes hinder investment. First we'll portray an income tax as a property tax:
But this was an income tax. The capital gains are taxed at a rate less than earned wages and are free of the regressive social security and FICA taxes. Tim really doesn't want to pay his fair share, and here's the reason:
Yep, we've adopted the fuzziest-headed of liberal ideas in promoting government as an agent of change to improve things for Tim and his pals by asking wage earners to subsidize his economic activities by distributing the costs to the public so he can enjoy the profits. But this is just the result of the massive jobs program whose beneficiaries prefer to call the Cold War, MAD, and so on. The most Keynesian solution of the century combined with a not so subtle transfer of wealth from the poor to the rich and renamed 'supply-side' so its clients don't have to admit they have been on welfare for the last twelve or fifteen years. Combined with a massive twelve-year capital bull market in which it would have been difficult to lose money, we have a class of people who have confused personal wealth with personal merit and the notion that they did it on their own.
Is this simple dishonesty masquerading as intellectual dishonesty or just standard innocent and dim-witted Republican-Libertarian opportunism buttressed by quotations from free-market theologians?
This supposes that Tim paid the workers hired to clear brush from his land enough so that they could afford private schooling and excellent health Two more quotes and from different sources.
The aristocratic complaint is quoted in Amabel William-Ellis and
F.J. Fisher, M.A., _The Story of English Life_:
"The world goeth from bad to worse when shepherd and cowherd
demand more for their labor than the master-bailiff was wont to take
in days gone by. Laborers of old were not wont to eat of wheaten
bread; their meat was of beans and coarser corn, and their drink of
water alone. Cheese and milk were a feast to them; their dress was
of hodden grey; then was the world ordered aright for folk of this
sort. Ha! age of ours, whither turnest thou? For the poor and small
folk, who should cleave to their labor, demand to be better fed than
their masters."
A widely published remark made by Mr. George Soros:
"Economic history is a never-ending series of episodes based on falsehoods and lies, not truths. It represents the path to big money. The object is to recognize that trend whose premise is false, ride that trend, and step off before it is discredited."
