
@_date: 1998-07-06 21:09:02
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: RE: Junger et al. 
Gwin has written a phrase which deserves more analysis, IMO -- free
from political overtones if we want to be impartial. The phrase can
be reworded as:
  "source code is a device, that actually does a function"
The difference and importance here is between syntatic and semantics. Your 4-instruction source code above is not a device today -- it
cannot perform any function. It has only syntatics, not the "how to". But, if there were a machine that could supply the proper semantics
(ie, actually perform the functions 1-4) then your source code above
would be a device.  Further, your source code may not be a device
today but be a device tomorrow.
As another example, bringing together one pound of inert metal with
another one pound of the same inert metal was not considered to be
explosive -- until U235 was used for the inert metal and properly
compressed. The difference is semantic, not syntatic. In that, Gwin is correct. Can the source code actually perform a
function?  Then, it is a device. Irrespective of the needed platform,
in the same way that an electric shaver is a device irrespective of
the local availablity of an appropriate power outlet.
IMO, even though I consider Gwin to be correct to a very large
extent, widespread use of crypto will not come from lifiting such
bans ... but from real need -- which does not outweigh the hassle,
today. The EFF has a wrong target there. Do you know how much Internet e-mail traffic is encrypted today?  Can
you believe less than 10%? Notwithstanding the rethoric exercises and
limelight it may provide, talking about encryption export bans may
not be as effective as desigining better and easier uses of strong
crypto -- that can then really drive market, legislation and courts. Need to use is a better key than need to know, it seems.
Ed Gerck
Dr.rer.nat. E. Gerck                     egerck
    --- Meta-Certificate Group member,  ---

@_date: 1998-07-06 22:28:14
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: RE: Junger et al. 
By the same reasoning as in my posting:
Thus, your instructions to bring together those two one-pound pieces
would be your right to free speech -- maybe it is poetry -- as long
as that is not recognized as a federal crime! After it boooms the
first time... it is a device, and it is immediately recognized to be
an unlawful one. I could not find that quote -- "more functional".
BTW, I think that Gwin was struggling to express the notion that
source code (syntax) is a device whenever there is a clear binding
between that source code and known semantics, together with proper
pragmatics (the enviroment, as defined in semiotics), in order to
perform the desired function. This is called a Just In-Iime Compiler ... and Gwin is 100% right
when he affirms that the difference between source code and compiled
code is null regarding its effects -- its desired function. Thus, if the device is unlawful then it must be unlawful both as a
source code and as a compiled code. Ed Gerck
Dr.rer.nat. E. Gerck                     egerck
    --- Meta-Certificate Group member,  ---

@_date: 1998-07-08 06:49:14
@_author: Ed Gerck 
@_subject: Ephemeral, was RE: Junger et al. 
Regarding my comment below:
I received some private postings which questioned it by questioning
its logical consequences, as for example:
First, IMO, this subject is hard to discuss because it is politically
involved and also applies just to a particular set of countries -- so
it is not based on a "universal" ruling.
Further, I also think it is absurd to try to outlaw cryptography
because it is essential and not just to obtain privacy (as in my
posting on logical semantics and crypto, some months ago [1]). In fact, I think that cryptography is needed to provide *secure
routing* [1] (a property that is more basic than secure content and
which I think will be impossible to forbid in the future). However, I
also think that the arguments being thought by each side may carry
their own intrinsic worth.
Further, even though the whole subject is IMO ephemeral because
unworkable, some of those arguments may have a far reaching
consequence and transcend the issue. Should we overlook that? IMO,
no. Even thrash can be recycled ;-)
My remark above was in this line of reasoning. So, it ought not to be
extrapolated to printed books -- I am not at all concerned about the
legal aspects. In fact, laws can be wrong and IMO this is a clear
example. But, regarding printed books -- yes, the comment above (and others in
that line) are right. If this logic exercise is carried to its fully
immoral end, then books should not be allowed to carry complete and
workable source code. Which does not show that the argument is
illogical, just immoral. Technically, the argument is sound.
As Hume pointed out a long time ago, if we were guided only by reason
and logic then surely I should prefer to destroy the rest of the
world instead of enduring even a small pain in one of my fingers.
While this shows that logic is not all, it also shows that one cannot
deny logic by moral or ethics but rather define what precedes what in
case of conflict, for each society.
While this can have different answers for different societies, eg
where in some suicide is moral, the cryptography issue may take a
different twist if the link to secure routing is further investigated
and cryptography is not only used just for secure content as it is
Ed Gerck
[1] Dr.rer.nat. E. Gerck                     egerck
    --- Meta-Certificate Group member,  ---
