
@_date: 1994-02-28 17:41:39
@_author: Eileen Tronolone 
@_subject: Re: lists of U.S. cypherpunks and tentacles (fwd) 
X-Getoffme: No Clipperization Without DeClassification!
X-Confused: Will hack food (occasionally) and new Rush (loudly) for Unix. X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL0]
Content-Length: 1245      Also Sprach Arsen Ray Arachelian:
(A filk to "Baby Face!)
tentacle, you've got the cutest little tentacle
I ate some stamps and now my life's not dull, tentacle
you're an anarchist medusa
I use crypto to confuse ya
your headers bouncing through my sendmail-dot-c-f!
we do not see your puss
'cos you're anon-y-mous
with your little tentacle!
tentacle, you've got the cutest little tentacle
in fact I see you've got your hands quite full, tentacle
as the newsgroups I see you fill
I would hate to get your phone bill
typing on fifteen keyboards, seen in 50 states!
Rick Wakeman envies you!
Wave hi to Elvis too,
with your little tentacle!
feel free to repost to crypto-toads/alt.filk or whatever that is! >;-7

@_date: 1994-03-03 16:16:30
@_author: Eileen Tronolone 
@_subject: Re: PC Expo, Mac World, Comdex, etc... (fwd) 
X-Getoffme: No Clipperization Without DeClassification!
X-Confused: Will hack food (occasionally) and new Rush (loudly) for Unix. X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL0]
Content-Length: 1683      Also Sprach Arsen Ray Arachelian:
What we need are people to take a portion of them and format them for Unix
and Macintosh and any other versions of PGP that are there. Can the Unix
version of PGP fit on a single disk? Also, we have to have the sort of people involved who won't just take the disks and walk with them.
Piece of cake. My lover has his own desktop publishing buisness. With an
HPLJ4 at home. No problem. We can make professional-looking handouts too.
 (We'll have to wear suits too in order to
You have to wear a suit (or at least reasonably dressy clothing) to be taken
seriously at any Expo at all. One concern I have - did Zimmerman sell out to RSA yet? He was being sued
as I recall, and the latest info I have is that he watered down version 2.3
to shut them up temporarily. What is the latest on that, and is 2.3 still
the latest version of PGP?
