
@_date: 1996-06-07 21:11:59
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Senate Staff Report... 
Hi all,
Does anyone know the location on the web of the Senate staff report
that was presented on some Wednesday? I read an article about it
on the sjmercury that says people with computers do not consider
security a high priority...
I am curous what else the report says...

@_date: 1996-06-27 15:36:07
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re:  CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
When I saw this article in the paper early this morning (like 1am)
on nando.net, I just couldn't beleave it....
When did hackers become a threat? I thought that hackers were a national resource! It sounds like these gov folks are concerned about how much
hackers know how things work... which is probably more than
they do. Didn't hackers build the Internet? :)
I just blew the article off as noise. I just can't waist energy on such rubbish.

@_date: 1996-07-03 10:25:18
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Forum--some comments 
Well, I went to SAFE and found that it was very helpful for me.
I have been struggling with trying to figure out what I personally
can do to help change the current state of cryptography in the US of A and found that alot of good suggestions were made at this
conference. It was almost like a brainstorming event on how to get things
(US politics and laws) going in the right direction in this field. Hearing leaders in the cryptography field speak was awesome. They were direct and to the point. And you could tell that they
were being completely strait with everyone about the current situation
and what the technology could/could-not do for us. The comment I kept hearing over and over was that we have to educate the public about what cryptography is and why it's important
to everyone using computers to communicate. This public includes
people who are not on the net and those who don't even know what the Internet is. So, now I have some ideas on what I, as an individual can do to
help.  Educating poeple about crypto. I work with alot of artists
on the net (~300+) and will introduce crytography to them. We'll
think of some cool ways to implement it in our work and in the
process will learn how to use it. :)
The SAFE t-shirts were great too...
(a webmaster

@_date: 1996-11-04 17:05:07
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: black high heal shoes? 
Hi all,
I had the strangest dream this morning. I drempt that I had forgotton to vote!  As I was heading for the poles, I saw Dole heading into the
poles wearing a man's coal grey/black suit and womens' black high heal shoes. It was pretty bazzar.... I wonder what it means?
It was pretty scary...
Turns out I was too late getting to the poles to vote and I awoke
in a panic thinking I had missed it all. I turned to my sleeping
babe and after I awoke him, he assured me that voting happens

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:49:43
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: WebTV Article... 
Web browser classified as weapon
New York Times
SAN FRANCISCO -- American couch potatoes have become empowered -- too
empowered, in the eyes of the government.
A $300 television-set-top device for browsing the World Wide Web, which Sony
and Philips Electronics began selling recently at chains like Sears, Roebuck
and Circuit City Stores, uses computer-security technology so powerful that
the government is classifying it as a weapon that will require a special
export license before it can be sold overseas.
Few industry experts expect such a license to be granted, meaning the
companies are unlikely to begin selling current versions of the U.S.-made
devices next year in Europe and Japan, as they had planned.
The appliances, designed to let consumers surf the Web and transmit e-mail
via a standard television set and phone line, have suddenly become the most
significant challenge to the Clinton administration's attempt to restrict
the export of powerful data-scrambling devices by categorizing them as
``munitions'' requiring a special export license.
While the set-top boxes are intended to protect the privacy of users and
permit secure on-line sales transactions, administration officials fear such
technology could be used by foreign terrorists or criminals to conspire with
electronic impunity.
``We're the guinea pig,'' said Steve Perlman, chairman and chief executive
of Web TV Networks Inc., designer of the units, which are being manufactured
in the United States by Sony Electronics and Philips. ``Can you imagine
carrying one of our boxes under your arm and getting arrested at the
NYT-11-07-96 2217EST
Posted: Fri Nov 8 05:05:01 PST 1996

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:58:25
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: House Science Subcommittee... 
Hi folks,
I am looking for more info on the ongoing House Science subcommittee
which is about computer technology and national security. I heard they
have folks talking about encryption and why it's important to use
technology and not legislation to protect people's privacy...
Theres a short article in the nando.net paper today about this committee at URL:    Dan Farmer talked yesterday...

@_date: 1997-02-12 12:20:27
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: House Science Subcommittee... 
Hi folks,
I am looking for more info on the ongoing House Science subcommittee
which is about computer technology and national security. I heard they
have folks talking about encryption and why it's important to use
technology and not legislation to protect people's privacy...
Theres a short article in the nando.net paper today about this committee at URL:    Dan Farmer talked yesterday...
