
@_date: 1995-09-19 07:38:57
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Netscape Crack 
and from the WSJ article:
It sounds as if Netscape thinks that public knowledge of the key
generation is part of the problem.  I hope somebody on the security
team convinces management that entropy is more important than publicity.
(This could be a result of journalistic cluelessness, but it came up in
two independent articles.  It's enough to worry me.)
   Eli Brandt
   eli+
(back from a nice long mailing-list vacation -- it's nice to see that
 cpunks is still at the cutting edge.  for them what cares, I'm now
 a Ph.D. student at the CMU CS program...)

@_date: 1995-09-19 09:51:00
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Explaining Zero Knowledge to your children 
Hadmut Danisch suggested:
I don't think this captures the structure of a ZNP.  There's no
multi-round system, for one thing.
how about this:
Alice and Bob have a big, complicated maze, preferably non-planar.
Alice can solve the maze, and wants to prove this to Bob.
Alice picks a point P on a solution path.
Bobs asks Alice to
   or	(b) exhibit a path from P to Finish.
Alice can easily do either one.
If Alice doesn't know the maze, she can try to cheat, by picking a P by tracing forwards from Start,
or by tracing backwards from Finish.
These ploys allow her to sleaze through tests (a) and (b) respectively.
But if Bob flips a coin to select (a) versus (b), he has a 50-percent
chance of catching with each round.
This is not really zero-knowledge.  With each round, Alice is giving
Bob substantial knowledge about the maze.  With sufficient rounds,
she ends up giving him the whole thing.  But if the maze is hairy
enough, this captures the idea that Alice can prove (to within epsilon)
to Bob that she has a solution, without giving it away entirely.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-09 16:07:03
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
Hal said:
If the devil runs the entire network, Alice and Bob are out of luck.
They can't absolutely guarantee that this is not the case.
But as you point out, it is useless to say, "This key lets you talk
securely to Alice and anyone else who may be listening."  This
hard-codes your paranoid fantasies into the semantics of the system.
Overestimating the threat can result in bad decisions just as
underestimating can.  I've seen people on Usenet say, "The NSA can
break anything, so why bother with PGP?"
What we want is for two parties, presumed trustworthy, to be able to
communicate with some confidence that they are not being eavesdropped
upon by any opponent with realistic capabilities.  This is feasible.
This is a useful thing to be able to do.  Defining the problem away is
less useful. I could say more, but I'm not certain I really understand this whole
conversation, so I'll hold off for now.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-12 11:14:54
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: RSA Data Security, Inc. To Exclusively License Rights to RSA 
I believe someone was suing the U.S. government on the grounds that the
public signature standard wasn't supposed to require proprietary technology.  Has this gone anywhere yet?
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-13 15:08:15
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
Perry said:
After somebody started advertising a car repair place through my
remailer, I found that most people don't seem to read the headers,
or their MUA hides that icky stuff from them.  I'd guess that
reporters will frequently fall into this group.  You might have
better luck if you moved the notice back to your sig.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-18 08:54:46
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
Hal said:
A cause of this is that the last remailer is the only agent in a
position to see the message before delivery, so it can be argued that
it should take responsibility for the decision to deliver.  If you
split the message into shadows, you avoid having anyone in this
position.  It can then be argued that nobody should pass along random
noise from unknown parties... you can't solve political problems with
technology, but you can make the politics increasingly absurd.
Well, maybe it wouldn't be considered too absurd.  "Remailing unknown
data is like letting scruffy-looking people put things in your
carry-on luggage."?  Pretty close, if you think speech is a bomb.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-18 11:19:42
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
Hal said:
I was thinking that the recipient would be responsible -- otherwise,
there's not much point.  Yes, this is particularly awkward for news.
Also, the sender would probably have to do the splitting, to avoid
presenting any remailer with the whole message.
Is there really "no problem" if the recipient does the merging?  If
Child Terrorist A is communicating with Child Terrorist B, law
enforcement is going to be unhappy.  I imagine you don't get too many
complaints about that, but it's part of the political argument against
remailers.     Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1995-10-25 14:54:26
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Re: Reformated: How secure.... 
Why do you make this claim?  If PrivaSoft's transposition cipher is
even superficially ok, a wrong-key decryption will look like a random
permutation of the input pixels, i.e. an image with the same
black/white statistics as the original (a slight weakness, IMHO) but
with none of its spatial coherence.  Look at the distribution of run
lengths, or of the size of connected components.  I just went and looked at your "PrivaSoft in action" example, and I'd
have to say that the cipher is not "superficially ok".  The ciphertext
is visibly structured: there are visible fragments of letters (an "e",
an "n", a "k", the top of an "S"); there are evenly-spaced vertical
lines of dashes and crosses; I can see the bold text of the original
(what's more, it's only diffused over a small extent, not the whole
ciphertext); and, um, was the letterhead text supposed to be
unreadable, or just dirtied up a little?
Since the algorithm doesn't break up small-scale structure very well,
a more robust way of testing for correct decryption would be to
count the number of black pixels on each scan line, and examine this
for periodicity.  Even with some noise and scan skew, there will be
obvious periodicity for unencrypted text, and little for an incorrect
I don't mean to be unnecessarily hard on your software.  It's probably
fine against casually nosy people and for protecting mildly
embarassing information, and it's conveniently exportable.  But if you
represent it as suitable for high-value secrets, you're misleading
your customers.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+

@_date: 1996-05-15 15:53:50
@_author: Eli Brandt 
@_subject: Re: Transitive trust and MLM 
Nah, that would be "eli++".  Or better, "++eli".  Actually, this keeps
CMU's overly-clever mail system from delivering my mail to an "Edward
Lawrence Immelmann" -- it prefers initials to login names.
But PK doesn't make the key distribution problem go away.  This thread
has been about a particular approach to PK key distribution, the web
of trust, and how to model its behavior.
Generally insufficient.  If someone is going to go to the trouble of a
key-substitution attack, they're going to take the time to compose a
plausible response.  This approach is useful if the intended recipient
*is* well-known to you.
   Eli Brandt
   eli+
