
@_date: 1996-10-25 12:27:58
@_author: Hh Production-Mail system -- none 
@_subject: The Electric Library 
Welcome to Electric Library!  You are seconds away from using your free trial subscription to the Web's easiest, most comprehensive research service.  The User Name and Password you requested are listed
Just follow these simple steps:
1.  Open your Web browser to the Electric Library site:
    2.  Enter your question in the text box next to the "Go" button.
3.  Review your result list, and click on the title of the document
    you wish to view.
4.  Enter your User Name and Password in the appropriate boxes under
    "I'm already a member".
5.  Click the "Continue" button.
You may want to print out this e-mail as a record of your User Name and
If you have any questions about using Electric Library, please select
"Help" from Electric Library menu bar, or e-mail elibrary
If this message was received in error, please inform us.
Thank you for trying Electric Library!

@_date: 1996-11-08 23:42:11
@_author: Electric Library 
@_subject: Electric Library 
Dear Electric Library Trial Member,
Your free trial membership to Electric Library has recently expired.  First,
we'd like to say "thanks for trying our service."  We sincerely hope your
experience was enjoyable.
We'd also like to invite you to take advantage of full membership...because we
know that if you had the opportunity to use the service during your trial
membership, you won't want to go a single day without it!
So subscribe now, and for less than the cost of a daily newspaper, continue to
have access to all of the Electric Library benefits you sampled during your
trial period.  Visit to  and you will immediately begin to...
-> Save valuable time.  Make the most of your time online and even save trips to
-> Access high quality, full text publications all on one site.
-> Provide your entire family with a safe, comprehensive online research library.
-> Receive unlimited personal access to the entire Electric Library for just
We also wanted to make sure we are doing everything we can to create the best
Electric Library possible. Serving our members is our highest priority.  At
any time, if you have any questions, comments, or suggestions about Electric
Library, please share them with us by emailing to elibrary or
call 1-800-247-7644  (6 days a week, Monday through Friday from 8 AM to 8 PM EST
and Saturday, from 8 AM to 4 PM EST).
Once again, thank you for trying Electric Library!  We hope to welcome you as
a subscriber soon!
Here's how to subscribe:
->To Sign up Online:
      1) Open your web browser to       2) Click on the "Subscriptions" link on the left side of the home page and
->To sign up Offline :
Please print this form and fill it out completely and deliver it via email, fax or
mail.  We will create an account for you and notify you via e-mail,  usually
within 24 hours of our receiving this form.
Email:  info
Fax :   (610) 971-8851
Mail:   Subscriptions
        Infonautics Corporation
        900 West Valley Road, Suite 1000
        Wayne, PA 19087

@_date: 1996-12-18 10:13:23
@_author: Electric Library 
@_subject: Electric Library Gift Idea 
** Special Holiday offer to Electric Library Trial Users and Customers **
Purchase a 6 month gift subscription for only $39.95, save more than 30%!!
