
@_date: 1995-09-30 16:22:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
What you have described is the classic 'man in the middle' attack.
Netscape claims that SSL V.3 is immune to the MITM attack in
appendix D.4 of the SSL V.3 spec. You will need to get the 'filter' (MITM) key signed by Verisign.
Or hack Verisign's server-key-signing key.
BTW your 'offer' is silly- this is not a trivial amount of work, and you
would not deserve any credit for coming up with so ordinary an
attack.  Write the code yourself, or pay the market rate for it.

@_date: 1995-09-30 17:11:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Where in SSL are these 'client/server keys' being sent?
A pointer to the page of the V3 spec where these keys are described will do.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:25:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MITM attacks, the day after ... 
That's not an attack on SSL.   It's an attack on an application.
It's no different, conceptually, than attacking sendmail or MS Word.
The point to attacking SSL is to be able to decode a message from any
browser, without having to do anything extraordinary to the victim's host.
No cryptosystem is proof against an attacker who can see and
control everything you do on the client side (i.e. has root in UNIX
So, while your idea  might be interesting or fun to do as far as computer
security goes, it's not an attack on SSL. That points out the flaw in Netscape's authentication model that
others have already pointed out on this list.  Admittedly, like Don
Stephenson just posted, there's not really a good way to distribute
and authenticate certificates until there's a ubiquitous global
CA chain.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:42:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
Assume that the attacker Mallet is in the middle and has control of the http
stream.  Alice clicks on 'open Widget order form' to order a Widget
and Mallet sends her browser a redirect pointing to his evil web server.
Alice doesn't notice that the hostname in the url has changed, or
if she does, she figures that the catalog people have arranged to
have Mallet's server host their 'secure' transactions (not an unreasonable
assumption).  Mallet takes the order and pockets the money.
The hostname in the certificate (Mallet's) matches the hostname
in the URL (also Mallet's).
Of course this isn't really an attack on SSL per se.  It's an attack on
the certificate-granting policy- the CA gave a certificate to
an unscrupulous person (Mallet).
Right. That's what I pointed out in an earlier message, although I
didn't elaborate on it.   The security of Netscape browsers depends
on Verisign's policy in handing out server certificates.
Backing up for a minute, the same problem holds for those neeto
credit-card readers that Visa and MasterCharge give out to merchants.
The merchant can be a crook setting up a 'store-front' operation to charge
to bogus/stolen card numbers, or the employees can steal using the numbers
they get in the corse of doing business, etc.  There are already
procedures in place for dealing with this sort of crime.  I'm not
sure that tricking Verisign into giving out a certificate to a group
of crackers is really any different than tricking Visa into giving
a card reader to a group of theives.

@_date: 1995-10-15 11:34:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
I'm afraid you're a little out of line here.
I've worked with Jeff at a couple different companies
over the last 6 years.  Besides being a very good programmer
he's also one of the people I consider the most resistant
to corportate bullstuff (beleive me, we both got a lot of it at MicroUnity). I'm sure he's on this list because he thinks it's a good
idea to pay attention to it.
What the hell is wrong with you people?  Up 'til a few months
ago, the oft-heard refrain on cipherpunks was "why won't the
software vendors listen to us?"... now they're listening, and
pretty much all I see is complaints of "only a lousy thousand bucks!"
or "I sent this mail a whole two days ago and netscape hasn't opened
a dialog with me yet!"  or insulting their programmers for participating
on the list.   They're here, and listening, with real programmers
not PR weenies, and all most of you are doing is complaining.  Yes, Netscrape turned getting hacked into a PR campaign via
the Bounty thing.  So?  You expected different?  PR is what
businesses do if they want to stay in business.   If you don't like
it you don't have to participate in the program.  If you think
that the token $1000 is insulting, you can give it to charity, or
go sell your hack for more $$ to Blacknet. :-)

@_date: 1995-12-02 09:54:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A "Warning Banner" for Netscape Navigator? Good idea! 
You can fix this from the browser.
Pull down the 'Options' menu, grab the 'Window and Link styles'
page, and change the default "home page location" from
netscape's to whatever you want.  I usually use my own home page.
I never look at Netscape's pages unless I specifically want to
see something like SSL specs.  If there wasn't a way to
turn off their home page I'd be pretty pissed off.
The descripton above is from the 1.1 browser; the 2.0x ones are
fairly similar.

@_date: 1995-12-24 03:47:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Fred Cohen: Re: CFS and Linux 
I'm sure a number of people, myself included, would be willing
to host the CP list should "Dr" Fred make good his threat.
I'd even be willing to testify in court as to the nature of
Fred's reputation.  I'm sure the operator of the Firewalls list
would be too.

@_date: 1995-12-25 01:05:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: CFS and Linux 
Long for the good old days of bang-paths, 300 baud acoustic couplers
and UUCP maps?  see Where we're headed is mail filters with PGP imbedded (PGP 3 will
make this much easier) that check incoming mail for a valid signature
for certain PGP keyid/fingerprints and pass that mail along.
Other mail that doesn't match gets tossed into a 'junk' folder
or thrown away if you really don't want to talk to anyone that you
don't already know.

@_date: 1995-12-26 01:35:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Only accepting e-mail from known parties 
He's right.
Ok.  If I want to get my email ad for the Ronco turnip-twaddler past a filter
like that, all I need to do is to create a PGP key with
a user name that's the same as one that the victim already
i.e. if I know that joe exchanges email with phred then
I just create a PGP key with the name "phred and sign
the turnip-twaddler ad with that.  It'd have a valid signature, and
one coming from Joe's friend phred.   Mail accepted.
In addition to checking for a valid signature, the filtering software
would have to also check the PGP key id of the key used.  It would
also need to make sure that there is ONLY PGP-signed content in the
mail.  Otherwise Mallet could grab an innocuous mail message that
Phred signed and included it at the bottom of the turnip-twaddler ad.
It wouldn't make sense (although that might be usual with Phred), but it'd
contain a valid signature from Phred, and therefore get the ad
past the filter.
I'm sure there's other caveats, these are just the ones I can think of now.
I wish all Cypherpunks a Merry Christmas.  I hope Santa brought you
all something nice, like a fast new stream cipher, a new key exchange
protocol, or maybe a note from the Fedz saying that ITAR has been lifted.

@_date: 1995-12-29 17:57:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Employer Probing Precedents? 
Wrong model.  You don't pay rent to your employer for your computer.
Your deskside workstation is just like your desk
that it sits beside when it comes to employer/employee rights.
While a prudent employer won't go through your desk unless it's
required, they do have the right to do so.
Many companies have stated policies as to when they can go through
your desk;  at places like IBM it is very restrictive as to when
managers can go through your desk.  This is merely smart business- giving
people trust is the best way to make them responsible.
All companies should also have written policies that state what
parts of employee's computers/hard drives/home directories/email
etc. is considered private, and under what circimstances management
is allowed to look through those areas.  I managed to sneak a policy
like this into the computer security policy I wrote for a previous employer.
Again, the policy should strictly limit what snooping through employee's
files the company will do.  Any company that goes through it's employee's
files with less than sufficient justification is going to generate a lot
of negative reputation, and fast.
Does this allow for employees keeping encrypted material on their
company computer?  I don't think so, or rather I think that it's in
the company's rights to ask for the encryption keys under certain
circimstances- employee leaving company, employee suing company, etc.
If you've kept something damaging on your employers machine, you better
delete it before the situation gets so bad that they'll be going through
your files.
If you want to keep something secret, put it on your own machine.

@_date: 1995-12-21 17:21:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: GAK boycott, What are legal implications? 
I think it's more likely that a group of people will work on
breaking Big Co's GAKed product.  Either finding a flaw
in it's algorithm or protocol that can be exploited, or
a flaw that renders it's GAK unusable, i.e. Matt Blaze's
LEAF hack on Clipper.
Well, NAACP is an actual organization with papers filed
with the IRS, officers or some sort of board members, offices, etc.
Cypherpunks is just a mailing list, and many of the members
of the list don't use their real identies on the list.
Who would they go after?

@_date: 1996-01-13 06:22:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
The target, Homer Wilson Smith, is one of the people embroiled in
the Scientology wars.  I don't want to get into the recent history
of repression and abuse by Scientology agents & sympathizers, but
my guess is that this is an attempt to harass someone that
Scientology doesn't like.
They (Scientology) have shown a remarkable ability to grasp both the
technical details and social implications of the Internet and use them
to harass ex "church" members and people who say things that they
don't like.  The "church" undoubtably hates remailers because so many
of their critics post anonymously through them.  But as they discovered
with Usenet news, the same technology can be used to harass those
I think we'll see more ingenous attacks like this, using CP-tech in
perverted ways to harass people.  Annoying for sure, but helpful in
a way- they'll help debug the technology.  Like cipherpunks hacking
Netscape, in the end it just makes it stronger.

@_date: 1996-01-18 12:54:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A weakness in PGP signatures, and a suggested solution 
I agree.
PGP should be as generic as possible; making it "know" about RFC822
and mailers makes it less generic.
Your PGP-aware mail agent should add a line to the text to be
encrypted, consisting of a random number (hopefully very unguessable
and fairly random) and an RFC822 header:
X-PGP-nonce: b1de70694f5f0824f89cb3f09aece01d
and replicate that in the RFC822 envelope.
Put just the nonce value and not the header in the block to be
encrypted if you're concerned about assisting a known-plaintext attack.
The nonce can't be extracted from the PGP ciphertext unless the attacker
has the ability to crack PGP, in which case merely re-directing
PGP encrypted messages to different recipients is beneath them. :-)
It is small and is easily verified by the human looking at the message.
PGP, or more accurately the MUA, won't need to check it (although
that would be fairly easy to do).
But like Derek says, PGP shouldn't do it, the MUA should.

@_date: 1996-01-27 03:50:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Nym use in the real world 
With the coming Internet restrictions and growing use of the
net by LEAs, it's become obvious to me that I shouldn't post
messages with my real name.  But I have some problems/questions about
using a nym:
1. reputation.  My nym will need to build it's own reputation, I know.
But I currently get offers of work based on my reputation and posts.  I
would like this to continue.  When it comes time to do the work and
collect the pay, I need to tie my nym to me.  Reasons: only the
most adventurous firms would hire someone to do work without knowing
their real name.  I also need to have the proper forms (1099 etc)
filed.  I know that a lot of people on the list would say that I shouldn't
file taxes, but I am (currently) willing to pay the price to stay
out of jail.
The other problem (tying the nym to RealName) for employers is
more severe.  A nym is only good when no one can tie it to your
real name.  If I have to tell everyone I do work for what my real
name and nym is, soon enough people will be able to tie the two that
the nym becomes nearly useless.
2. does it (a nym) really help?  Police and governments are used to
dealing with people who change their names, use fake names, etc.
I get the impression that having multiple/fake names is considered by police
to be evidence or at least indication of guilt.  "If you're not guilty
why're you hiding?".
Using a nym would at least help with the problem of police or
other parties searching through Dejanews/Altavista for my posts for
incriminating evidence.  But if my nym is investigated for some future
crime (fuck Exon) and my nym isn't secure enough to protect my
RealName, it will be a liability.

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:59:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Nym use in the real world 
This is all well and good, but highly theoretical.  It might
happen someday, but right now reputations don't work that way.
If I gave a reputation certificate to a prospective client
they'd just look at it and say "huh?".
Some groups do indeed deal well with nym's reputations.  If Emmanuel
Goldstein shows up at a hacker's convention, everyone knows who
he is and what he's done.
Alas, most regular businessmen don't want to deal with someone named
"Agent Steal"[*], at least not to the point of signing checks to him.
Perhaps a partial solution is to pick a nym that sounds like a real
name, like "Tim May" or "Jeff Weinstein".  There's still a problem
of proving that I am the same "Tim Weinstein" that the prospective
client has exchanged email with.  But to be honest, they don't know
if I'm the same "Eric Murray" they have been emailing either...
*- to pick a random hacker's nym.

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:12:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: The Big Lie 
What's next is an expose on the conspiracy
between the NSA, Hillary Clinton and the Hamburgurler(R) to destroy
the ability of otherwise intelligent Americans to recognize sarcasm.

@_date: 1996-02-04 08:28:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: free speach and the government 
You can't put the genie back into the bottle.
Once something is invented or described, the knowledge
is out there.  Someone who wants to use that knowledge
for "wrong" purposes can find it.
Maybe a lot of people around the world could agree that
the knowledge to make something really dangerous (say Sarin nerve gas) should be suppressed.  But where do we draw the line?  If
we, or rather our government acting obstensibly in our interest, decides
to supress the information on how to make Sarin, not too many people
will complain.  But the tendency of governments is to regulate and
restrict and tax more.   What happens when governments suppress
knowledge on how to make gunpowder?  Or printing presses?  Or
Many people argue (rightly IHMO) that once started on the slippery slope
of suppressing knowledge there's no stopping until we're all
under the boot heel of the police state.
So far the "net-like" way to deal with the problem is to not
supress information at all, and instead assume that people are
intelligent enough to make their own choices on what to do
with "dangerous" information.
No government will accept net-speech that's any freer than
any other speech in that country.
In the US the media is by and large controlled by huge
media conglomerates with a vested interest in maintaining
the status quo and delivering up their audience to their
advertisers in tidy packages.
The government is along for the ride, being part and parcel
of the same system.  They won't rest until net-speech is
by and large controlled by huge media conglomerates all
busy delivering up the net-public to advertisers in tidy
packages... I'm not saying that there's a Black Heliocopters
type conspiracy, or any other for that matter.  There doesn't
have to be, there are huge political forces moving things
this way.  So there might as well be a conspiracy, as the
end effect on us is the same.
I think that any compromise with government censorship is a bad idea.
All we'd do is give them a little more while on the way towards the
inevitable.  If we don't give them all the censorship power they
want they'd just take it anyhow.  Better to hold out as well as
we can while we can.

@_date: 1996-02-20 03:45:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: NSA net trolling 
Forwarded from alt.politics.datahighway, sorry I didn't
get the Message-ID when it was fowarded to me.
This is possibly old news to some, but I think it needs
to be spread widely.

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:27:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NSA net trolling 
Here's a copy of your message back to you as you requested:

@_date: 1996-02-24 08:25:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman parameters 
Perhaps this is the wrong list to ask this question on, but
does anyone have any pointers to where I could find good Diffie-Hellman
parameters?  Or source code that will generate some?

@_date: 1996-03-01 08:06:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A brief comparison of email encryption protocols 
While that would be useful in a lot of cases, I would hope that
all that path gunk wouldn't be required.... most people would
have one key, at least initially, and so a simple
would be enough for them.  I wouldn't want to prevent people
from using your system, in fact it's a good idea.  I just don't think
that it should be required, just recommended.
Something else to add would be a specifier for the type of key, i.e.
The reason for the keytype specifier is obvious, so that the
system can support more than just PGP keys.  The problem with
the above example is that the 'pgp' part is imbedded in the path.
Since the apps that read these key URLS need to know which ones
are for PGP and which for DH or DSS or whatever, the keytype
specifier needs to be in a standard location in the URL.
Suggestions?  maybe key:/pgp/slack.lne.com/ericm/key/asc?
Finally, a question:  should the keyserver be able to serve
keys in a way that is secure from a MITM attack, or can it depend
on the certificate chain in the key certificate itself to
validate the key certificate?  I think it can, but I am not
sure, so perhaps someone smarter than I can explain why, or why not.
The attraction is obvious, if the key server doesn't have to
validate the keys it serves, the whole problem of distributed
key servers becomes much easier.

@_date: 1996-04-03 19:28:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Article on PGP Viacrypt 
I read it this morning.
The gist is that this new evil PGP lets your employer
SPY ON EVERYTHING YOU DO!  And was written in about
that tone.
I was disappointed by the article.  I don't know if Simson
is deluded about the use of Viacrypt PGP, or the article got
hacked up by by ignorant/malicious editors, or my understanding of
Viacrypt PGP is competely wrong.
I thought the purpose to putting key escrow (that's real escrow
not GAK) into PGP was to allow its use for business purposes.
Often in business use you're not too concerned with keeping secrets from
your employer or fellow employees, but do want to keep those
secrets within the company.  And there is a real concern that you
might encrypt company-secret stuff and then fall off your motorcycle
and get run over by a truck, leaving your securely-encrypted company
secrets suddenly inaccessable to the company...
Key escrow, with the keys held by the company, is designed to prevent
this problem.
The article failed to mention that you're not prevented from using
a non-escrow PGP for personal secrets (could Viacrypt PGP prevent
you from using PGP 2.6.2?  I don't think so) and made it sound
like Viacrypt PGP is designed to allow nosy employers to spy on
employees encrypted email.  I guess it would, if the employers were
that nosy and the employees dumb enough to use company-provided
escrowed PGP to send personal secrets.  But that theory's about
as credible as the Clipper chip proponents's "dumb crooks" theory
where crooks would want encrypted phones but be dumb enough to
forget that the Government held the keys...
Simson's the one main-line journalist who writes about internet
and computer issues that I still think has a clue, and has written
a pretty good book about PGP, so I'd be suprised if he got this
so wrong.  On the other hand, I haven't used this new Viacrypt PGP and I'm going on what I think that escrowed PGP is really good for.
Maybe my feeling about that have blinded me to reality.  Or, most
likely, the editor(s) hacked the story up either out of ignorance
or to present a viewpoint that they had already decided they want to
present, truth be damned.
If I wanted to present a conspiracy theory about the government
wanting to discourage use of PGP for businesses, this would be the
place to do it.  If PGP gains a foothold in the businessplace
it'll be nearly impossible to eradicate, given the fact that
(big) business essentially runs the country.  Key escrow will
make PGP a lot more usefull to businesses, increasing its use.
I'm sure you can fill in the rest of the theory.

@_date: 1996-04-18 22:28:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Death Penalty for "take me of" messages? 
There's lately been a spate of l00sers subscribing
unsuspecting people to various hugh-traffic mailing lists.
I'd be willing to bet that a number of the 'unsubscrive' people
we have been seeing lately have been subscrived by their "friends"
and have never seen the "welcome to cypherpunks" list message, or
probably any mailing lists welcome message for that matter.
One list admin I know of has to manually unsubscribe
president from a motorcycle racing list
three or more times a week.

@_date: 1996-06-30 16:23:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: [Fwd: Doubleclick] 
[Multiple forwards deleted]
[short-attention-span summary:  someone's using Netscape
cookies as a way to target-market browser users.  Since I
hate being targeted, I came up with a hack "fix" to prevent
it, see below]
My own experiments shows that simply removing the cookie file
(~/.netscape/cookies) works to "fix" this, as long as you don't
have old netscape config files lying about (then it pops a dialog
asking if you want to nuke the old config, and uses the old
cookies file).  Netscape (version 3.0b for Linux) doesn't
recreate the cookies file.  Of course this "fix" means
that I'm not able to take advantage of whatever cookies might
offer me, but since I can't control them and never see them
there's probably not a lot that they do that I'll miss.
I think that Netscape should add a configuration to the browser
so that paranoid privacy fanatics like me can disable cookies
or better yet control which ones that we'll accept.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:46:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: Doubleclick] 
I had a cookie in my cookies file from them also, and had
not been to their site before.
There's a very obvious way to get their cookie put in
your cookies file without you explicitly going to their site.  I'm
sure a smart boy like you could figure it out.
The server can send whatever it wants to you
in the Set-Cookie: header.  Read the spec.
The user can set Netscape to pop up an alert when a cookie is
sent, and it says what the cookie is.  However there's no
standard encoding format so you get stuff like "IAF=zb87"
or "X=VGhlIGxhdW5jaCBjb2RlIGlzICdiYW5kZXJzbmF0Y2gnCgAA"
which as far as most users are concerned is gibberish, although
it could be base64 encoded "The launch code is 'bandersnatch'".
Most people will accept whatever they're given, assuming that they
can even find the preference for accepting cookies.

@_date: 1996-07-13 09:08:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
He's been flogging the same shit for a while- I've received three or four
of these spams at another address that I use to make Usenet posts.
That address is an account at a large workstation company that I
consult for.  I've been getting a lot of spam there.
I suggested on an internal mailing list that the amount of spam
that various employees there are getting isn't insignificant and
that perhaps they should sue some of the spammers for wasting
the company's resources and employee time without permission.
I suggest that the "anti-junk-fax" law might be extended to cover
spam mail.  However I don't trust net-clueless legislators to
be able to make even a simple law without fucking it up and
restricting civil liberties.  However, I heard from a friend
that they're doing just that, extending the junk fax law
to cover junk email.  Something like a $500 fine for
each junk email.  Does anyone know more?
Would mailing-list operators be liable under this law when
someone forges a subscription message from "clinton

@_date: 1996-07-13 09:59:41
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
Same in Pacific Bell land.  We get two options- "partial blocking"
which really means tht you have to use *67 to block CID to
non-800/900 numbers, and "complete blocking" which blocks CID
to non-800/900 numbers.
When I called the Pac Bell customer service droids to get my "complete"
blocking I asked them why they won't block CID to 800 numbers.
Their answer: "that's just the way it works". Caller ID isn't for people, it's for businesses who want to
track callers.  They're willing to pay for that service, enough
to make it worth the while of the phone companies to spend many
millions on a campaign of lies (excuse me, "PR") to convince us
that we need CID for "safety".

@_date: 1996-07-13 13:20:15
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
800 numbers aren't free.  They're just paid out
of a different account.  I don't pay for them
directly, but I do indirectly through the increased
prices of the goods and services sold by the
company with the 800 number.  I'd hardly call
that being a 'parasite'.
Too bad there's not always a choice, a lot
of companies use only 800 numbers for service
hotlines etc.

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:26:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Web Services Inc. 
Um guys, it's a joke.  Check out the rest of the digicrime home page.
Last time I looked at it it was pretty funny, and quite obvious to
even a paranoid security weenie like me.

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:21:48
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: "privatizing" phones? 
I have one of these, a Panasonic "Secure Guard" cordless.
It was on sale, I couldn't resist. :-)
It's a 46mhz analog model, newer phones use frequencies
in the 900mhz range and/or digital encoding.
The 900mhz range is one of those 'blocked' in most newer radio
scanners, this is required by law as of a few years ago.
Many scanners can have some or all of the locked-out
ranges restored by suitable modification (i.e. removing
a resistor).  Many of these mods are posted on the net.
The Panasonic I have doesn't change frequencies during the call
by itself, although you can do that by pressing a button.  The
"secure" feature does some sort of analog frequency-diddling
to make most of the sound transmitted between the phone and base unit
unintelligable.  I'm not a hardware type but I expect that
this isn't very hard to 'crack' given a bit of equipment.
I'm sure most HAM hobbiests could do so.   It only keeps your
conversations somewhat safe from the local snoops with scanners.
While most speech comes out pretty good, you can't have the 'secure'
feature on when you're attempting to navgate phonemail systems... it messes
up the DTMF tones just enough to make then unrecognizable to
many phonemail systems.
Yea, that's more secure although if I remember right, nowhere
near unbreakable.  Why, then drug dealers and terrorists could
make phone calls and our great and wonderful law enforcement personell
would not be able to listen in on the perps.  Wouldn't want that
now, would we?
Well, it's not "secure" but it's somewhat better than nothing.

@_date: 1996-07-29 04:33:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
Yes, but it won't be nearly that blatant.  In classic Orewllian
Doublespeak, it'll be called the "Terrorist Victims Bill
of Rights and Freedom of Information Act" and will merely
'abridge' the Bill of Rights with the "right" of the government
to investigate, wiretap, arrest and detain without trial
any suspected "terrorists" and "drug kingpins".
Cancelling the Bill of Rights would be too obvious, and probably
isn't the outright goal of any but a few extremists in government.
Rather, the majority of bureaucrats/elected officials want to
redefine the Rights to only apply to "good citizens", for somewhat
varying definitions of "good".  "They" won't suddenly stage a fascist
coup, instead it will (and has been) a long step-by-step process.
I don't think that most policy-makers are even aware
of what they're doing (DiFi certainly isn't) they're
just responding to preceived public pressure and trying
to stay elected.
The ugliest phrase in American lexicon: "There oughta be a law".

@_date: 1996-07-29 04:34:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
Of course.  She'll have "done something" about the "terrorisim problem".
Never mind that it's completely ineffective and restrictive of
civil liberties.  Most Americans don't particularly care about
civil liberties as long as their day-to-day life runs smoothly.
Especially if it's other people's civil liberties that are
The media hypes the terrorisim threat because it helps sell air
time and newspapers.  Fear sells.  How many of you were glued to the tube
for the dismal "coverage" of the Olympic Park bombing?  I was, and I
usually hate TV.  Fear is a powerful attention-getter, almost at good
as sex.  Since we're not allowed to have sex in the media, guess what
we get?
The articicially-generated climate of fear creates a reaction among
the populace.  Witness the countless studies that show that people's
fear of being a crime victim has increased markedly in the last 10 or
15 years while actual crime statistics have for the most part gone down.
The politicians have picked up on this reaction with a vengance, being
"tough on crime" is a sure way to get (re)elected.
DiFi and crowd isn't thinking of how their information crackdown would
actually work.  They probably don't really care if it'll be effective or
not.  The point is to "do something" right now about the "terrible
problem".  That something just has to sound like it'll be effective; no
one will find out if it works or not for 10 or 15 years, which is an
eternity for politicians (and most constituents).

@_date: 1996-07-31 03:18:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Security Lies 
I checked this out with baited breath, hoping to find a juicy
Netscape security hole as promised.  Unfortunately, all it is
is a mis-configured httpd server at rsa.com.  It should be
doing SSL but it's not.  A bummer, but probably not a lie and
certainly not a major bug.
Try ssl3.netscape.com:443.  It's doing ssl3.
Not at all.  So quit doing it.

@_date: 1996-08-29 02:53:42
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Real or Not ? 
Heh.  They forgot the Black Heliocopters manned by agents of
the UN/New World Order, and the Greys from Zeta Reticuli..
It's a hoax, with several clues that it is a hoax in it.
Of course you're welcome to prove me wrong by disassembling
a PGP binary.  Examination of the random numnber generator, IDEA
key setup, or RSA key setup vs what's in the source code
should show if something fishy is going on.

@_date: 1996-08-29 03:11:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SCO giving free licenses to UNIX OpenServer 
I doubt it.  People don't use Microsoft products because
of their quality or functionality.
Single-user UNIX isn't all that useful.
Linux and FreeBSD are both free, and come with source code.
You can get "commercial" versions of Linux for around $30
(that's on CDROM).  You can get support for Linux, and probably
for FreeBSD.

@_date: 1996-08-30 02:54:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: MSIE cryptography 
In addition, encryption isn't performed until after the ClientFinished
and ServerFinished messages, no matter which CipherSuites are negotiated.
I don't know what MSIE looks like, but I'd guess that somewhere in
it there is a screen similar to Netscape's for configuring SSL.
In Netscape you can select which CipherSuites to use, including
"No encryption with an MD5 MAC".  If you turn off the "No encryption.."
CipherSuites in MSIE, you should get an encrypted connection.

@_date: 1996-09-10 13:28:23
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: BoS: Can you trust your ISP ?? 
[classic Man-in-the-Middle attack]
What you described is the Man In The Middle attack, often
abbreviated on these lists as MITM.  The fact that there's
an abbreviation for it should indicate to you how often
it is discussed.  However it's also one of the first
problems (besides the basic encryption) that protocol
designers think of.
It's been taken care of in SSL3- the server's certificate
must be signed by a CA that the client trusts.  Unless
the digital signature can be spoofed, and it probably
can't be, the client can be certain that the server certificate it got
is really from the server that it claims to be from.
Assuming that RSA still can't be broken, the client can be sure
that the pre-master-key material that it sends to the server
(and which is the basis for the symmetric crypto session keys)
will not be compromised.
If you grab a copy of the SSL3 spec (from netscape's web site)
and read the appendicies there's more good stuff about possible
attacks and what's been done to counter them.

@_date: 1996-09-18 06:33:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: 56 kbps modems 
It's not.  We wanted a 24/7 connection, with ISDN in
PacBellLand that's ~$120/month for the ISDN (Centrex) and
about $300/month for an ISP to route packets.
Regular ISDN (not Centrex) would be even more expensive, and
to do Centrex your ISP has to be in the same CO.  The one ISP
that was in out CO seemed pretty clueless.  Pac Bell
doesn't seem to want us to use ISDN.  We wound up doing
Frame Relay instead.  We pay about the same to
PacBell but less to the ISP.  In addition, since it's
a Business Service, Pac Bell is pretty serious about
fixing it when it breaks- none of this "we'll check it out
in a day or two" like with POTS, they put a tech on
it right away.
As far as affording it goes, since our offices are at "home"
it's just another cost of doing business.
Crypto/security related: how hard is it to hack a Frame Relay
connection?  My impression is that it requires access to
one of the telco's routing computers, which would make it
about equivalent in difficulty to hacking POTS.

@_date: 1996-09-18 17:09:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: PGP in the workplace 
Quit and go work somewhere that's reasonable.  A decent IS department
doesn't play games like these; one that's full of morons does.
Talented people, especially those who know security, are
in demand at the moment.  So you shouldn't have to put up with
petty-tyrant bullshit- go find a company that is staffed by human beings.

@_date: 1996-09-19 06:41:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: A Bizarre Increase in the Ad Hominems Here 
[spew from "Dr.Dimitri Vulis" deleted]
If you think someone's a fuckhead, please just put them in your
KILL file and get on with your life.  You don't need to announce
your discovery to the rest of the group- we either agree with
you (and have killifiled the fuckhead) or we don't agree that
he's a fuckhead.  Your announcement will sway no one's opinion.
All it does is add to the noise.

@_date: 1996-09-19 08:47:46
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunk listserve usefulness 
Out of curiosity, what are those keywords?
No, filtering your mail does NOT make you a censor, unless you're
filtering the mail before it is gatewayed to a list or newsgroup
where other people read it.  And they didn't ask you to do the filtering.
Filtering your own mail is akin to choosing which articles
in a magazine to read.  It's not censorship if you don't
read an article; it's the article's author's fault that
he didn't make the article interesting enough for you to read.
I think that anyone who has to work for a living must filter
the cypherpunks list in order to cut out some of the crap.
Most people just don't have the time to wade through everything, and
filtering some of it out is a good start on upping the S/N ratio.
What you consider Signal and Noise however is entirely up to you.

@_date: 1996-09-20 04:12:47
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: CIA web site hacked 
Chain: 2
 appears to have been shut down (as of 11:50am EDT).
Did anyone make a copy of the hacked pages?

@_date: 1996-09-21 13:03:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: How's the list? 
Mail filters are now virtually mandatory for reading cypherpunks.
SSLv3 has no known weakneses, other than the government-mandated
ones.  Of course there's always new ideas in breaking
crypto protocols, or new people working on it.
No, how much?
Some of it might, however since there's about a zillion ways
to steal CC numbers that are even easier than brute-forcing GAKware
"export" SSL, I'd guess that the vast majority of CC fraud is
from other causes.  It's just so easy to go dumpster-diving
for credit slips behind Macys, or snoop in on people
phone-ordering goods over cellular or "portable" phones.
Why bother breaking SSL?  Why, that requires a computer!

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:25:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Snooping ISP admin?? 
It's from a clumsy programmer- popd is known to hang up under
certain conditions.
If the sysadmin is reading your PGP mail, let him.  It's very very
unlikely that he has the resources available to crack a PGP
message in this century.

@_date: 1996-09-26 09:33:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Possible snake oil? 
In non-"export" SSL using RSA as the key-exchange algorithim 1024-bit
RSA keys can be used.  128-bit RC4 is most commonly used as the
symmetric algorithim in this case.
It's not snake oil.  I'd guess that some marketing-type
person found out enough about SSL to know that it uses
1024-bit RSA keys and thoght that since 1024 bits is bigger
than 128, they'd claim 1024 bit keys.  There's nothing really
wrong with that.

@_date: 1996-09-28 04:12:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: ssh - How widely used? 
[stuff about SSH deleted]
You probably should.  There's more places to 'sniff' information than
just from the network.  An example is the Streams-based tty snooper.
It pushes a Streams module between the tty and the shell.
No encryption program can protect that, as it has to be in
the clear unless you can do RC4 in your head. :-)
The program I'm thinking of (sorry I forgot the name) lets the operator
both read and write to any tty session on the machine.

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:45:21
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: How might new GAK be enforced? 
I suspect that if US company A sent its Swiss subsidiary B a sent
of standards and said "write this", your interpretation would be correct.
It's how I read ITAR also.
However, company A can publish standards.  Published standards
aren't covered under ITAR.  Non-US company C can read standards
and implement code to those standards.  I was going to back this up
by citing the appropriate part of the regs, but they're so vague
as to be almost useless.  However in real life this seems to
pass- i.e. Netscape's publishing of the SSL spec and Eric Young's
use of that spec to make an independent interoperable implementation.

@_date: 1996-10-03 11:52:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: stupid religious bullshit 
I an' I am Rastafari, praise Jah!
Jews and Moromons all part of Babylon system, bring
sufferation on righteous Rasta.   Some day Jah
bring 'cryption technology to Rasta, help
Rasta break Babylon chains and reach holy Mt Zion.
Until that day, could we keep stupid religious arguments off the list so
we can talk about crypto and related issues?

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:39:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Did Sun get a sweetheart deal? 
I'm not sure they did.  I've seen two quotes from Sun- one
pro-GAK one from Eric Schmidt, one from someone else I
have never heard of who's head of government relation or something
like that, which was pretty anti-GAK.  Schmidt is regarded as
somewhat clueless by a large number of Sun employees.
In addition, I had lunch today with the people I used to work
with/for at Sun, who're probably the most likely to be asked to implement
such a thing.  They haven't heard anything about it and were quite dismayed
at the whole idea.
Oh, and government contracts (especially NASA ones) take a shitload of
time to set up.  The only coercion that a TLA could do with it would
be to threaten to scotch the deal for "national security reasons".
The fact that some deal went through doesn't prove anything.
I think it much more likely that the Govt would use carrots
like possible additional sales or a leg up on competitors.
Hey, it worked on IBM didn't it?

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:44:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Clipper III questions 
The recent CDT policy post sez of Clipper III:
This reminds me of the understanding between CIA/NSA and their counterparts
in British Intelligence.  Both sides are prohibited from spying within
their own countries borders but are encouraged to spy in other countries.
Both would very much like to spy on their own citizens (for legitimate
law encorcement/national security reasons only, of course).
So, they have a simple system in place.  The British spy on the American
citizens that the Americans want spied on and then turn over the intercepts.
The Americans do the same for the British in Britain(*). Sometimes they lie to each other or withhold material, but that's
what spy organizations do all the time.
If Clipper III passes and the OECD gets their member nations in line
with what the American miliary wants, I predict a similar system will evolve.
"Destination country policies" will allow decryption of incoming
GAKked messages from non-citizens.  After all, they have no rights, do
they?  Cooperating intelligence agencies will then exchange intercepts.
Presto Chango, pesky privacy rules vanish right before your eyes!
Of course this is in our best intrest, we must fight against
terrorisim with all methods possible.  The ends justify the means.
A question:   What happens if a company decided not to go along
with Clipper III?  Can they still ship the "old" 40-bit-style GAKware
unimpeded?  Or will there be a slow tightening of the rules to
force compliance?  The existing way of doing things depends to a
large degree on a set of "common practice" which the NSA
doesn't have written down.  For example you won't find the 40 bit limit
written anywhere in ITAR, and if you want to export something
that's already been approved elsewhere (i.e. another implementation
of SSL) you still have to go through the approval process.
(*) this comes from "The War Aginst the Jews" which is worth
reading.  Sorry I can't find my copy at the moment, maybe someone
who's got it handy will provide authors/ISBN.  Capsule review:
covers government dirty dealing from the early 1900s on, mostly
British and American.  Concentrates on Jews and Israel of course
but they seem to have been the brunt (sometimes the instigator)
of a lot of the dirty pool that governments have played.

@_date: 1996-10-04 13:06:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: gack vs. key escrow vs. key recovery 
It seems to be bent on doing so.
They get served, and the keys are produced.  Same with personal
crypto- if I'm in court and some encryped file that I have the key for is demanded as evidence, I provide the key or get
hit with contempt of court, my choice.
No one is arguing about that.  The objections to Clipper III are:
1. built-in wiretapping. Clipper III requires that subjects of
"key recovery" wiretaps are not notified of the government's
"recovery" of their keys.  While this _is_ analagous to phone
wiretaps, it is not of anything else.  The cops have to serve
you a warrant, not sneak in and read the papers in your desk.
Why should encrypted files be different?
2. Coercion.  I don't see anything wrong with key escrow
(original meaning, not GAK).  I think it's useful for business.
Required for some.  It's being coerced to implement it that is
distasteful.  If you think that Clipper III isn't coercion, you're
wrong- note that the licenses to export GAKware are reviewed every 6 months
and expire after 2 years if GAK isn't in place.  That's a clear
"you're on our side or your not" from the government.  Having
the possibility of your product suddenly becoming worthless
every 6 months will keep companies in line.
3.  It's still too weak. 56 bit DES isn't enough- it can very probably be
cracked in < 12 seconds by the NSA.  If not real time.
4.  It's the camel's nose in the tent.  First "key recovery"
then full GAK then penalties/jail time for for "terrorists"
or "gang members" who use unGAKd crypto.

@_date: 1996-10-08 06:04:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: "European Union Bank" 
[stuff about EUB deleted]
I noticed that too.  Is this BCCI 2, or just a front that the forces
of repression can use to say "look, there is money-laundering
on the Internet!  We must control it."
Their server appears to reside in McLean, VA., not Antigua:
ericm(console)> traceroute 204.157.123.4
traceroute to 204.157.123.4 (204.157.123.4), 30 hops max, 40 byte packets
12  * sl-capital-1-s1/0-T3.sprintlink.net (144.228.128.6)  148.345 ms *
13  cso-sw1p7-rC-p7.cais.net (205.252.5.30)  279.959 ms  147.905 ms *
14  * intr-c.sb1.cais.net (206.161.140.125)  163.211 ms  146.752 ms
15  204.157.123.4 (204.157.123.4)  204.088 ms * *
ericm(ttyp1)> whois cais.net
Capital Area Internet Service (CAIS2-DOM)
   6861 Elm Street, Third Floor
   McLean, VA 22101
   USA
ericm(ttyp1)> whois eub.com
European Union Bank (EUB-DOM)
   PO Box 1948
   St. John's,    Antigua and Barbuda
   Domain Name: EUB.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Richards, Pete  (PR374)  75057.2515
      (809) 480-2370
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact, Billing Contact:
      Kulkov, Val  (VK41)  val
      (202) 835-7489
   ELF.GREATIS.COM              205.229.28.5
   WHALE.GREATIS.COM            205.229.28.10
ericm(ttyp1)> whois VK41
Kulkov, Val (VK41)              val
   Greatis USA, Inc.
   888 16th Street, NW, Suite 300
   Washington, DC 20006
   (202) 835-7489

@_date: 1996-10-09 08:38:20
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous E-mail 
Graham, why would cypherpunks care about yet another net-scam?
Heh.  Ok, now I'm laughing-
someone with slightly less scruples than I, and a little more time, and
their own domain name & server, might consider writing a small
program to create a few thousand accounts.  Then sign them up with PINmail.
Every email address that's registered to PINmail gets you $5, right?
BTW, I think Graham's point is that they're probably neither really
secure nor really anonymous.  I don't know; I haven't checked them
out.  I do think it's interesting that they seem to think that there's
money to be made this way.  Even if their system is trivial to crack
they'll help make anonymity more noticeable to the general (net) public.
If they are easy to crack, some CP will do it and post the crack
with pointers to really secure anonymous services.

@_date: 1996-10-10 11:31:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Why not PGP? 
[uses PGP to communicate to Ray]
It might.  Some people in law enforcement/government would
really like to see that, Constitution be damned.
As currently interpreted by NSA/DOJ et al, yes.
"Pluggable crypto" is not allowed by the people who enforce ITAR.
They might be working towards the eventual police state but
they're not stupid.
NCSA, when they were about to release a new version of Mosaic that
had hooks for PGP, were explicitly told by NSA that they would
remove those hooks before the software was released.
BTW, no version of PGP is exportable under ITAR; they all
use real crypto.   The international version exists because of
patent problems with RSA and the way that those problems were
resolved.  I think this is explained in the README that comes
with PGP; if not, the book _The Official PGP Users Guide_
by Phil Zimmerman (ISBN 0-262-74017-6) explains it.

@_date: 1996-10-28 07:34:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: considering internet/privacy periodical 
Hmm.  From what I hear from publishing industry people, the magazine
part is making a lot of money, and the other parts of wIrEd is pissing
it all away... the MSNBC people, with whom wIrEd is supposed to
do a show, are pissed off at them because the wIrEd people don't
understand video production and are wasting huge amounts of time.
That's true of most IPOs. :-)
Wired problem is that they beleive their own hype.  They also think
that everything that they touch will be as successful as the magazine, which
set all kinds of records in the publishing industry for how fast it
became profitable and got advertising $$$.
However the real problem with the IPO is that Louis Rosetto sent
a 'rah rah' email to employees (all 330 of them), telling them how
great wIrEd is and how much money they're all going to make, which
got leaked out and posted on the Well among other places.  Unfortunately
for him, this is the 'quiet period' before the IPO where SEC regs
say that the company officers can't make huge glowing pronouncements
about their company.  Oops.

@_date: 1996-11-02 16:51:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
When I joined the list three or so years ago, L. Detwiller was
the contemporary equivalent of Vulis.  The intro message mailed to
new subscribers explained the situation with Detwiller and asked
new subscribers to not respond to his bait.  It seemed to
work pretty well- Detwiller's posts were pretty much ignored.
Eventually he started taking his meds again, or got tired of
being ignored, and started posting relatively understandable stuff.
Not everyone agrees with him, which is fine, but he stopped
talking about 'tentacles' and accusing random list members of
bizarre conspiracies.
The problem with 'blocking' someone from a list is that it
isn't effective.  Even without remailers, it's trivial to forge
mail well enough to get past any 'blocking' measure that
could be put in place.  It's also easy to subscribe under a new name.
The other, more serious problem is that it to some extent 'proves'
that cryptoanarchy "doesn't work".  "Look", some will say, "the Cypherpunks
anarchy doesn't even work on their own list and they had to _censor_
someone".  Yea, I know that the list isn't really anarchy (although
it's pretty close these days) and Vulis hasn't really been censored-
he's free to spew his trash, just not here.  But it'll look that way
to a lot of people.
I think in the end that filtering at the user end is the only (current)
effective way to deal with people like Vulis.  He went in to my kill file
almost immediately, as did a number of people who seemed to do little
recently except post rebuttal/arguments to him.  After all, it's my time
that I'm spending reading this list and I'm not going to waste
it on crap like flame wars with Vulis.

@_date: 1996-11-08 08:16:59
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: WebTV a "munition" 
Page 3 of the San Jose Mercury News has a small blurb
about WebTV's browser/set-top box that "uses
computer-security technology so powerful that the
government is classifying it as a weapon
that will require a special export license before
it can be sold overseas".
"Few industry experts expect such a licsense to
be granted, meaning the companies are unlikely to
begin selling current versions of the US-made
devices next year in Eurpoe and Japan as they
had planned".
[fluff about export laws]
"We're the guinea pig" says Steve Perlman, chairman
and CEO blah blah.
So what's the story here?  It's a web browser, so they're
probably talking about SSL.  SSL (both versions) already has mechanisims for
allowing "export" level encryption, and although you still need to
get a Commodities Jurisdiction, it's been done before so it
shouldn't be too difficult.  If they didn't use the "export"
level SSL CipherTypes, then what're they up to?  Are they
fighting crypto export laws (for which they should be congratulated
and supported) or are they just looking for free publicity?

@_date: 1996-11-09 10:06:51
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: WebTV a "munition" 
Right.  But if you're doing SSL, you _have_ to know about the
export issues!  It's all over the sources, specs, docs etc etc.
It's almost implssible to be 'clueless' about this if you
have implemented SSL or even looked seriously at doing it.
So if their point is to fight against ITAR (one interpretation of
the facts as I know them) why haven't they announced that they're doing so?
It would be good PR.
That'd be cool.  I think that there's a lot that we don't know about this.
The web site doesn't have much hard info, just a lot of
buzzword-compliant marketing bullstuff and the highest ratio of
(TM)s to words that I have ever seen.

@_date: 1996-11-23 09:50:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
No, you can't.  It's impossible to prove an algorithim unbreakable.
You can only say that it hasn't been broken yet, but you can't
predict the advances in cryptoanalysis.
If, in two or three years, no one's broken it then maybe it'll seem
like a reasonably-secure algorithim.  Of course when someone does break
it you'll just say "oh, that wasn't the real algorithim" like you did
last time. Why not?  Not giving it to individuals will keep a number of people
from examining it.  If it's as secure as you say then you wouldn't
care who or how many people look at it, would you?
You could always make the demo time-limited.

@_date: 1996-11-23 12:34:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
You can't prove a negative.  The best IPG could say is that
it can't be broken with current technology.
Next week someone might come up with a new way
to break ciphers that renders the IPG algorithim breakable.
You point could have been that the same problem exists
for proofs- that next week someone could come up
with a way to prove, for all time, that an algorithim
really IS unbreakable.  So, to cover that posibility
I should have said "it's currently impossible to
prove an algorithim unbreakable". :-)

@_date: 1996-11-30 13:20:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IPG algorithim 
I have translated the IPG algorithim's "engine" to C, to generate
some random values from it for testing purposes.  It does not
look very random in either the xnoisesph program or the DIEHARD
test battery.   However I may well have misinterprested Mr. Wood's
description (his writing is, as Mr. Chudov points out, difficult to
understand) or written my code incorrectly.  Here it is, play
with it yourself.  To my untrained eye the lack of randomness
in what's essentially a stream cipher would be disturbing.
However I am not a cryptoanalysist so I do not know to
what extent this weakens the cipher.
The IPG description does not say (but implies to me) that
the various tables that are to be filled in by "random" values must
be filled in by PRNGs that are seeded with the same seeds by
each of the party that knows the key.  Otherwise the "encryptor
streams" that are generated will be unrelated and decryption will not
be possible.  To make my test work I have used the simple rand()
function to fill in the tables.
Corrections are welcome.
 ** This is supposed to produce random numbers for the IPG
** "encryptor stream".
** See  for the original description.
** Eric Murray  ericm  This code placed under GNU copyleft.  */
typedef unsigned char byte;
typedef unsigned short uint16;
uint16 A[53];
uint16 B[53];
uint16 C[53];
int init_table(uint16*table, uint16 min, uint16 max)
main(int argc, char **argv)

@_date: 1996-11-30 16:22:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IPG algorithim 
Yea, you're right, rand() is lame.
I added /dev/random to my Linux box and changed my small test to use it.
I also changed the way that I use JV- I had been setting it to a random
value for each trip through the "engine", but since I beleive that
its value can't really be random (if you want to be able to have someone
decrypt your stuff :-) but must be exchanged in the key, I set it
to a random value once and then let it float.  It's also a lot faster
that way, /dev/random is pretty slow (because it's looking for real
random material).
My results from xnoisesph were wrong- xnoisesph wants random bytes
instead of random integers in ascii format as I was producing.
Changing it (as I have below) makes the xnoisesph output look
much better, but it still isn't all that random.  The random seed generators
I have written that get their randomness from repeated calls
to high-resolution timers and hashes of system log files do better.
I also fixed a minor bug in arg processing.
  ** This is supposed to produce random numbers for the IPG
** "encryptor stream".
** See  for the original description.
** Eric Murray  ericm  This code placed under GNU copyleft. ** V0.2 */
typedef unsigned char byte;
typedef unsigned short uint16;
uint16 A[53];
uint16 B[53];
uint16 C[53];
 NO_DEV_RANDOM
uint16 getrand()
 getrand rand
int init_table(uint16*table, uint16 min, uint16 max)
main(int argc, char **argv)

@_date: 1996-12-03 15:23:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: testing 
Evidently "PhReAkInG" causes uncontrollable ourbursts of CaPiTaLiZaTiOn due
to horrible shift-key spasms...
You probably want alt.2600, it'll be more your style.
BTW, you've posted the same fucking message 4 times now.

@_date: 1996-12-03 21:25:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: more IPG and random numbers 
I did some more experiments with the IPG stream-cipher
algorithim and random number tests.  Since IPG claim that their
algorithim passes chi-square tests of randomness, I found
a chi-square test program.  It's written by Peter Boucher
and was posted to sci.crypt in '93 (<2bum8sINN98j
I found it on the web site crypto.com, sorry I don't remember the
exact URL but I can send it on request. From the comments:
 [..]
First I ran the output from my version of the IPG algorithim that I
posted a couple days ago :
% ./boucher < ipg.out
Occurances:  n =  12000000, V=-8375833.71
Character occurances non-random
Successions: n =     46875, V=62287.82
Character successions non-random
Then I ran output from a test RNG that's basically a loop around random():
% ./boucher < myrandom/out
Occurances:  n =   3414720, V=213050.62
Character occurances non-random
Successions: n =     13338, V=1143.41
Character successions non-random
As you'd expect, it doesn't look like the output from random() is all
that great.
Finally I generated some output from a random seed generator
I wrote a while back.  It gets randomness from high-resolution timers
and hashing system files.  It's not as fast as repeated calls to
rand() but is faster than reading from /dev/random:
% ./boucher < out
Occurances:  n =    594352, V=269.75
================ Frequency distribution excellent! ====================
Successions: n =      2321, V=256.12
================= Successor randomness excellent! =====================
So, from these tests it looks like IPGs PRNG, which their stream
cipher is based on, is not a very good source of random values.  Hence
anything encrypted with it is succeptable to cryptoanalysis.
How succeptable, I do not know.  I am sort of curious, since IPG claimed
that their PRNG produces "perfect" random data as measured by chi-square
analysis, yet my analysis shows otherwise.  Perhaps I have coded the
algorithim incorrectly (I don't think so, it's pretty simple).
Or perhaps IPG chose their keys for the ABC tables carefully to
produce good results.  Unfortunately that would mean that keys
would have to be carefully chosen, something that's not very practical.
Based on the work I've done, and the work Igor Chudov posted, it
looks like the IPG algorithim is probably not very strong.  If two
relative crypto neophytes can find serious problems with it, imagine
what might happen if experienced cryptoanalists look at it.  If you were
one of the people who said "it's snake oil unless it's been been
tested for a zillion years" etc. you can pat yourself on the back now
'cause you were right.
However I think that some of us owe Mr Wood, if not an apology for the
excessive abuse he got on this list, at least some respect for
putting his money where his mouth is and posting his algorithims.
Maybe he'll do some research, tone down the hype, and come back
with something better.

@_date: 1996-12-17 15:19:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Ping of Death? 
It would be quite a trick to get an OS to run code from inside
a ping packet.  Are you sure this isn't the well-known giant ping packet bug?
Receiving one or more of those can cause some hosts to reboot.

@_date: 1996-12-18 09:35:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NSClean 
Probably because cookies aren't explained well to the 'lay public'.
Yep, it's a good alternative to stuffing a cookie in the URL and
running everything through a CGI script.
The objection I have with cookies are that they can be used to pass
information between servers.  And they're being used to track where
browsers go (see  for an example, theyre
not the only people doing this).
Editing the cookie file doesn't have any effect while the browser is running.
You could visit one Doubleclick-infested site and get one of their
cookies then go to another infested site in the same session.
A better method is to be able to selectively accept/send cookies from
certain sites while blocking them from others.  As it happens
I've written a program that does that.  See
  It's still got some bugs
but it generally works ok.  Note that you need access to
a unix shell and perl to run it.
It would be even better if browser writers added similar features to their
browsers.  My program is a kludge.
Servers in that position would encrypt the data sent in cookie, no?

@_date: 1996-12-24 10:49:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Short of 1) moderating the list or 2) restricting new subscriptions to the
list, it's almost impossible to prevent someone from posting to a
mailing list.  As soon as you "block" posts from one address, the
determined poster can sign up from another address.  All it takes
is paying money to a few ISPs, or changing his AOL userid.
The determined poster could even grab a subscriber list from the lists's
mailserver, and send his message to each member individually.

@_date: 1996-12-25 11:22:37
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Legality of requiring credit cards? 
It appears that Jim's 100% wrong- they omit the 'Suspicious
Transaction' report in the list of reports that the gambler was
busted for trying to avoid:
Section 5324:
(a) Domestic Coin and Currency Transactions. - No person shall for the
purpose of evading the reporting requirements of section 5313(a),
      section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or section 5325
      or regulations prescribed under such section 5325 (FOOTNOTE 1)
      with respect to such transaction -
      (FOOTNOTE 1) So in original. See 1992 Amendment note below.
            to fail to file a report required under section 5313(a),
            section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or
            section 5325 or regulations prescribed under such section
            5325; (FOOTNOTE 1)
            (2) cause or attempt to cause a domestic financial
            institution to file a report required under section 5313(a),
            section 5325, or the regulations issued thereunder or
            section 5325 or regulations prescribed under such section
            5325 (FOOTNOTE 1) that contains a material omission or
            misstatement of fact; or
            structuring, or attempt to structure or assist in
            structuring, any transaction with one or more domestic
            financial institutions.
Section 5313 is the 'normal' reporting section, Section 5318(g)
is "suspicious" transactions (note that it wasn't listed in 5324 above):
(g) Reporting of Suspicious Transactions. -             (1) In general. - The Secretary may require any financial
            institution, and any director, officer, employee, or agent
            of any financial institution, to report any suspicious
            transaction relevant to a possible violation of law or
            regulation.             institution, and a director, officer, employee, or agent of
            any financial institution, who voluntarily reports a
            suspicious transaction, or that reports a suspicious
            transaction pursuant to this section or any other authority,
            may not notify any person involved in the transaction that
            the transaction has been reported.
This is really scary to someone like me who doesn't often read
laws.  They're required to report "suspicious" transactions
(with the definition of "suspicious" left completely wide open)
and they're not allowed to tell you that you have been reported.
This sounds like police-state tactics, not something that would
happen in a free and open society.
It's also interesting to note that section 5313(a) similarly does
not define what is to be reported.  Is this defined elsewhere, or
can it be changed at any time by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Reading section 5324, it sounds (to me, a layman) that there has to
be some intent to evade the reporting requirements.  Does this mean
that prosecutors would have to prove intent?  Does simply getting
checks for $9000 prove intent?  I sure hope not as I have recently received
a couple checks for consulting work that have just happened to be
slightly under ten grand.

@_date: 1996-12-26 07:58:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Unix Passwd 
Many people have tried breaking the cipher, I have not heard
of anyone being successful.
There is however a number of programs that attempt a brute-force
of passwords, the best is called 'crack' and is written by Alec Muffet.
He's just announced a new release (see below).
Crack is commonly used by system administrators to check users passwords
for easily-cracked passwords (since it's one of the first things that a hacker
breaking into your system might try, the sysadmin can get users to change
'Crack'able passwords before they're hacked).
Crack uses a set of word dictionaries that you supply, and rules
to use to permute each word (add a '1' on the end, capitalize the first
character, etc). for more attempts.  It also included a re-written
version of the crypt algorithim that's faster than what comes in
many UNIXes.
Reply-To: Alec Muffett Sender: Bugtraq List Eschewing the media-friendly hype which surrounded the release of
SATAN some time ago (Hi Dan!) and bemused by the fact that some of the
code he wrote years ago has since crept into the Linux-based operating
system of the machine he is composing this message on (as a standard
part of the authentication libraries, no less) - the author is pleased
to announce the release of:
                  Crack v5.0a - The Password Cracker
             Crack v6.0 - The Minimalist Password Cracker
           Crack v7.0 - The Brute-Forcing Password Cracker
                           available From-Mail: From-Name: just like a London bus, you wait ages and then three turn up at once
In the expectation that some kind soul will be good enough to retrieve
copies and place them up for FTP at various well-connected mirror
sites (the sundry CERTs, COAST, et al), the MD5 checksum for the first
distribution is:
                   6511dca525b7b921ea09eca855cc58f2
- but please be patient if you *do* suffer problems downloading; it's
not like Crack is a new piece of technology, so you shouldn't panic
about upgrading.
NOTE: Discussion of issues relating to running this version of Crack
should be directed to the newsgroup "comp.security.unix" - mention
"Crack5" in the subject line.
        - alec
New features.
   * Complete restructuring - uses less memory
   * Ships with Eric Young's "libdes" as standard
   * API for ease of integration with arbitrary crypt() functions
   * API for ease of integration with arbitrary passwd file format
   * Considerably better gecos-field checking
   * More powerful rule sets
   * Ability to read dictionaries generated by external commands
   * Better recovery mechanisms for jobs interrupted by crashes
   * Easier to control (eg: to put to sleep during working hours)
   * Bundled with Crack6 (minimalist password cracker)
   * Bundled with Crack7 (brute force password cracker)
   * Tested on Solaris, Linux, FreeBSD, NetBSD, OSF and Ultrix

@_date: 1996-12-26 11:50:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: WHICH 
I've submitted a request to unsubscribe cypherpunks from these lists.
I have also notified the operator of plaidworks.com of the problem.
While I think that his web-based list-subscription tools is neat, it's
obvious that the potential for abuse is large.  What solutions are there
for protecting us from assholes like the one who signed cypherpunks
up to all these lists?
Maybe soon all lists will require some form of digital ID from new

@_date: 1996-12-26 11:52:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Unix Passwd (fwd) 
Different crypt.  That's crypt(1), a modification of the Enigma
algorithim.  UNIX passwords use crypt(3), a modified DES.
Yea, the names are confusing.

@_date: 1997-01-30 11:12:57
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Altavista 
[about targeted webvertising using stats gathered by tracking browsers]
Probably not.  But the practice still bothers me.  _I_ want to control
what information about me others can have.  I do not want the precedent
set that on the Net, what you do is trackable by every organization
who might care.  Sooner or later someone _would_ use that information to
hurt me.
That's why I wrote cookie jar, a program that lets the user have better
control over which 'cookies' if any they release to web servers, and
what other information their browser gives out.  See
 for details and code.
This doesn't bother me as much (besides the fucking ads, which I
hate... maybe I'll make cookie jar smart enough to nuke them).
The reason is that the ads are selected based on what you typed in
to the search engine right then- there's no tracking involved like
with Doubleclick.

@_date: 1997-01-03 14:35:32
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Bad idea.  It's tough enough on the host running a list with 1500 or
2000 people on it.  Adding outbound filtering for each user would
be a real burden on the list host.  It's better to distribute the
processing by making the user agent (or mail transport that's delivering
to the user) do the filtering.
In addition, a filtering majordomo will only 'protect' the lists that it
serves.  I don't know about you but I get a lot of spam from all sorts
of different sources.  I need to have a filter anyhow.  It's not hard to
add some more rules to filter out each lists's bozos.  It's a lot
simpler to do that than it would be to upload filter rules to each
of the 10 or 12 listservers I get mail from.
There's also a security issue.  How are you going to set it up so
that I can't say hack Tim May's filters to send him nothing but posts
from Phil H-B and Detwiler?  Yea, you can do it with passwords or
PGP or whatever, but it's still more overhead.  Why bother with it
when you don't need to?

@_date: 1997-01-05 16:41:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
NoCeM doesn't appear to do mail yet.  At least not according to the
info on the web site
There's nothing in John and Sandy's proposal that forbids
doing that.  Just apply it to the cypherpunks-unmoderated list.
NoCeM for mail would require a delay (for the 'retromoderation' or
whatever it's called message to arrive) otherwise you'd see the spam.
Unlike news, once email's delivered it can't be deleted by a cancel.
The unmoderated version of the list doesn't do that?
If such a message were to arrive and the moderator felt it would
be too illegal to post it, it would still go to the unmoderated list.
Remember, _everything_ goes to that list, before it's looked at
by the moderator. It appears that NO mailreaders support it. :-)
I don't mean to sound really negative, NoCeM looks like an
interesting solution to the problem of Usenet spam.  But it's not
ready for mailing lists.  We need a solution now, and the proposed
solution does not make it any harder to use something like NoCeM
when it's ready.

@_date: 1997-01-06 14:41:07
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IWD_ism 
And a virus that "wipes out the system, takes it down for weeks"
is even more improbable- how long does it take to reinstall an OS?
But the objective of this exercise is not computer science
it is political science.  All that's needed is something that sounds
super-high-tech enough that (technically ignorant) members of
Congress will buy into it and fund it.  It doesn't have to actually work.
This tactic has been successful for the military-industrial complex
since before the end of WWII.  They're just extending it in the
new "information age".
What do you want to bet that we will soon be hearing about
needing "first strike" InfoWar capability in order to be able to
"fight on two fronts at once" for "mutually-assured cyber-destruction". The first US Army counter-virus will be called the "peacemaker". :-)

@_date: 1997-01-09 15:58:31
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Key Escrow Good, GAK Bad 
User education would be even easier than key escrow.  Your boss could
have shared that passphrase with one or more other people, ideally the
people who helped him make the report.  When you encrypt something
that's vital to the company, you need to make sure that it can be
gotten back.  In most companies, there's more than one person who
is 'cleared' for even the more vital information.  The keys to
those files should be shared amongst those people.
Unfortunately, few encryption programs make this easy.  And even though
you can do it in PGP by encrypting to multiple recipients, how many
people think to do so?  I don't.  Most programs assume that there's one
key that that's used to encrypt everything, hence one level of security-
the highest.  But in a business situation you really need to be able to
encrypt something with your key and your secretary's key, or the keys of
all the board members, etc.

@_date: 1997-01-10 09:18:56
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
You would think that a company that could issue "$1,250,000 in collateral
backed zero-coupon bonds" would be able to afford a real web site.
Thank you, I was wondering about that.
"industry standard"?  Which one, pray tell?
No, not until your algorithm is made public and has been reviewed
by people who know what they are doing.  Most prudent crypto application
developers wait a few years after a new algorithm has been made public
to see if someone discovers flaws in it.
Unfortunately for you, the way you are announcing and promoting your
program makes it could like cryptographic snake oil.  Posting
such announcements to the cypherpunks list is a good way to get flamed.
Perhaps you should have posted to alt.biz.multi-level, where the
threshold of credulity is much higher.

@_date: 1997-01-11 09:11:40
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: another idea? 
That was the original proposal.
Now that the 'discussion' has come around full circle, can we
stop talking about it and DO it?

@_date: 1997-01-13 17:21:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
It won't.  It'll spawn more laws.
Encryption is voodoo to the masses and the politicians.  Even
in Silicon Valley newspapers there's the obligitory "encryption is the
science of scrambling words so that hackers can't read them" in
each article that mentions encryption.  However the masses and
politicans understand laws and jails pretty well.
Use a scanner, excuse me "cellular phone hacking equipment", go to jail.

@_date: 1997-01-14 08:59:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
I have a Panasonic 46mhz portable phone that does the same.
It's a "Sound Charger Plus" with "10ch Secure Guard".  I think it
does a very simple analog operation to 'secure' voice transmissions.
Like someone else posted, it keeps Beavis and Butthead from
listening to your conversations, but that's about it.  I think
a dedicated ham, hardware-knowledgable hacker or Fed could do
a simple frequency-inversion or whatever and listen in.
This Panasonic cost about $80 from Frys.
You might get better security from one of the newer 900mhz digital phones.
Those would still be crackable but would require some digital
equipment, which is probably not yet as common.

@_date: 1997-01-14 14:36:45
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
If the person with the cell phone doesn't move, then they don't
get handed off to a different cell.  That means that they
stay on the same frquency.  No need to scan channels if they don't switch.
What Bill's saying is that it is difficult to tap the cell phone of
a _particular_ person with just a scanner.  However the people
who taped Newt were just scanning for whatever they could get.  That's easy.
Let's not be paranoid.
It was a conference call, and someone other than Newt was the party
with the cell phone (sorry I forgot the guys name, some representative).
Do you think they (whoever 'they' are) were tapping the phones of
everyone that Newt might talk to?

@_date: 1997-01-14 19:10:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Interesting.  In California, operating a scanner while driving is illegal.
Of course it was probably the passenger running the scanner.
I've always wanted to scan cell-phone callers while driving next to them
on 101.  Even in Silicon Valley it'd be pretty wierd to have a sinister
looking guy in the car next to you pointing a black box with an antenna
at you...
I think that blowing your mouth off about what you've heard
by scanning cellular traffic is what's illegal.  Or more illegal
than merely listening anyhow.
Given that they've just pissed on some seriously powerful people I'd
expect that the fools who made the tape and gave it to the Democratic
congresscritter and then HAD A NEWS CONFERENCE about it are going to
be in some deep shit.

@_date: 1997-01-20 10:25:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Server Authentication 
I think that you can get access to the server's certificate.
I know you can from the CGI interface.  Unfortunately it's the
raw ASN.1 encoded certificate, so you would have to ASN.1 decode it.
If the SSL handshake completes, then you can assume that the client
has verified and authenticated the server certificate.   The only problem
would be that the authentication might not be up to the plugin's standards-
i.e.  a connection to  is somehow intercepted by
  The server  presents a cert
who's name is   The browser correctly presents a pop-up dialog
noting the discrepancy, and the luser operating the client clicks
on the 'OK' button, allowing the SSL handshake to finish.  Oops.

@_date: 1997-01-20 21:52:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Airport security [no such thing] 
Some airlines here in the US have set up "check in" terminals
near the gate so you can check in there instead of having to
deal with human beings at the desk.  The terminal asks the
magic three questions.  No chance for seeing someone's reaction
to the questions there (unless of course there's a hidden camera pointed at the terminal, or some sort of biometric device attached).
One time I asked a ticket guy if he's ever had anyone say "yes" to
the magic questions, his answer was that the one time it happened the person turned out to be an FAA three-questions enforcement squad
conducting a check.

@_date: 1997-01-20 22:10:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Airport security [no such thing] 
Some airlines here in the US have set up "check in" terminals
near the gate so you can check in there instead of having to
deal with human beings at the desk.  The terminal asks the
magic three questions.  No chance for seeing someone's reaction
to the questions there (unless of course there's a hidden camera pointed at the terminal, or some sort of biometric device attached).
One time I asked a ticket guy if he's ever had anyone say "yes" to
the magic questions, his answer was that the one time it happened the person turned out to be an FAA three-questions enforcement squad
conducting a check.

@_date: 1997-01-30 09:28:49
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Altavista 
[about targeted webvertising using stats gathered by tracking browsers]
Probably not.  But the practice still bothers me.  _I_ want to control
what information about me others can have.  I do not want the precedent
set that on the Net, what you do is trackable by every organization
who might care.  Sooner or later someone _would_ use that information to
hurt me.
That's why I wrote cookie jar, a program that lets the user have better
control over which 'cookies' if any they release to web servers, and
what other information their browser gives out.  See
 for details and code.
This doesn't bother me as much (besides the fucking ads, which I
hate... maybe I'll make cookie jar smart enough to nuke them).
The reason is that the ads are selected based on what you typed in
to the search engine right then- there's no tracking involved like
with Doubleclick.

@_date: 1997-02-01 15:57:34
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
Other attacks would be installing a keyboard sniffer, replacing your
PGP binary with a trojan that records your passphrase, etc.
This sort of stuff is quite possible but not likely.  Yet.
Or put your PGP keys on removeable media.

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:21:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Metzger, Denninger square off 
Karl's worried that the new GLTD system might mean that some sites
will be unreachable, so he's going to lobby ISPs to not accept the
new GLDTs to ensure that sites are unreachable?
This reminds me of the Vietnam era "We had to destroy the village in
order to save it."
If I didn't already think that Karl was an idiot, I'd sure think so after
reading this.

@_date: 1997-02-07 13:04:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Metzger, Denninger square off 
Karl's worried that the new GLTD system might mean that some sites
will be unreachable, so he's going to lobby ISPs to not accept the
new GLDTs to ensure that sites are unreachable?
This reminds me of the Vietnam era "We had to destroy the village in
order to save it."
If I didn't already think that Karl was an idiot, I'd sure think so after
reading this.

@_date: 1997-02-01 12:49:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
Other attacks would be installing a keyboard sniffer, replacing your
PGP binary with a trojan that records your passphrase, etc.
This sort of stuff is quite possible but not likely.  Yet.
Or put your PGP keys on removeable media.

@_date: 1997-03-14 08:09:22
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: DESCHALL v0.214 now available -- US/Canada only 
Sorry, but with no source code I'm not touching it.

@_date: 1997-03-21 14:29:03
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Jackboots in Canada 
The alternative, proposed by some goverment person (governor?) in Quebec, was
to suspend "individual liberties" for bikers, making it possible to
pull one over at any time, search them, and if explosives are found
assume they're guilty until proven innocent. That last part just floored me, how could anyone be willing to throw
away rights like that?  At least here in the US they're not so
obvious about it- the cash (or cars or computers) are seized and
presumed guilty until proven innocent, and of course you can't mount a
defense if everything you own is seized and your bank accounts frozen, but
you're still presumed innocent.  It was that evil CASH that did it.

@_date: 1997-04-03 12:42:38
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Is this snake-oil? 
I ran across this web page: They claim their 'Cyber-stone' scheme uses a "Pseudo-random
Transposition Cipher" to vary the keys for an underlying
symmetric cipher for each message.  They also claim
to have a patent on changing the keys for each message (which
seems like something on the level of patenting the 'help' key on
a keyboard, or the blinking block cursor.  Sigh).
I ask if it's snake oil because of the use of non-standard terminology
and marketing bullstuff like "A New Way of Encrypting".  However neither
of those are anywhere near proof of uselessness, only an indication
that's "food for thought and grounds for further research".
They claim patents:
5,307,412, "Random Coding Cipher System and Method"
5,335,280, "Random Sum Cipher System and Method"
5,533,128, "Pseudo-Random Transposition Cipher System and Method"

@_date: 1997-04-10 16:03:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Internet security code said vulnerable to hackers 
"Security through incomprehensibility".
Set's problem, or one of them anyhow, is that it uses ASN.1.  ASN.1
is useful for some things, but it really sucks as a description of
a protocol.  It is incredibly complex and figuring out the actual
contents of a given message is very difficult.   There is little description
in the SET documents of the protocol itself; the definition is pretty much
left up to the ASN.1.
The ASN.1 by itself often fails to describe what is in an object, i.e.
a gkThumb is an object of type CertThumb, which is defined in ASN.1 as:
CertThumb ::= SEQUENCE {
 digestAlgorithm   DAlgorithmIdentifier -- (sha1)--,
 thumbprint        Digest
 }
But the ASN.1 doesn't say what data is hashed in the Digest.
So you have to flip back to the text and hope there's a description
of what is hashed.   Sometimes there is, sometimes there isn't.
BTW, Set was the name of an old Egyptian god, the one who slew Osirius.
Brewers' Dictionary of Phrase and Fable says under the entry for Set that he
"came to be regarded as the incarnation of evil".

@_date: 1997-04-11 13:23:08
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Politics This Week [Tamper Proof Device?] 
I used to live and work for the Forest Service in northern Az.
There's a LOT of empty and semi-empty space there.  It's not at all
inconceiveable that a jet fighter could go down and not be found.
It'd be a lot more suspicious if it disapperaed in the middle
of say New Jersey.

@_date: 1997-04-14 09:17:53
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
No, specification authors should take more responsibility in the specs
that they produce.  The HTTP spec's use of GET is insecure.  Specification
writers should realize that people will follow their specs, and should
be thinking of security and privacy issues as they are beig written.
Why not?  It's a useful tool to find out who has linked to you.
On the other hand, it _is_ a privacy concern, and I don't want to send it
to sites I visit.  So I included an option blocking the Referrer tag in
Cookie Jar, the cookie-blocking program I wrote.   I'd like to think that
writing it helped push Netscape into supporting better options for cookies
(see rfc2109) and into adding this option for not sending Referrer
but I'm sure there were many other louder calls for the same thing.
Users need to educate themselves.  Even a fairly security and privacy
concious company like Netscape still has exectutives who feel as though
they have to answer to the bottom line and who will sacrifice consumer
privacy to get there if they feel that the advantages outweigh the risks.
Netscape has consistently led industry in realizing and fixing and admitting
security holes and privacy issues, largely due to the effort of Jeff and
the rest of their security group in educating upper management on those
issues and making them realize their importance.  However I am not willing
to bet my privacy on Netscape's good will, as it could turn at any time.
The way to real privacy is to educate oneself.  Demanding companies to
"fix it" is lame and ineffectual.  You have the technology-  fix it
yourself!  Distribute your code.  Make the companies look bad.
Educate the sheeple.  But asking companies to look out for your privacy
is a waste of time.

@_date: 1997-04-14 11:31:24
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
RFC 2109, released a couple months ago, addresses this.  Unless
Doubleclick is successful in getting it changed. :-(
I don't think any browsers yet support the cookie-choice features of 2109
(correct me if I'm wrong).  So in the mean time you can use Cookie Jar
( to filter out cookies and
Referer: tags and ads.

@_date: 1997-04-20 19:23:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
That's an interesting thought.
As it happens last week I added a way in Cookie Jar to allow sending HTTP
User-agent to some sites... the reason is that I ran into a couple that
absolutely have to know what type of browser you are using, and if given no
User-agent deliver either meaningless HTML or nothing at all.
Well Fargo and wIrEd.cOm are the ones I found.
So I added a rule to pass the User-agent line to sites like that.
However I edit out the part that informs the server what OS etc
you are running.  The User-agent is usually something of the form
User-Agent: Mozilla/3.0Gold (X11; U; Linux 6.6.6 i386)
and it's the part in the parens that I really object to, the part
that says what browser you have seems to be what the sites in question
need to deliver useable HTML.
I briefly had it send:
User-Agent: Mozilla/3.0Gold (why; they; fuck do you care)
but now it sends nothing at all in the parens.
In order to maximally fuck up stats, what should be put into
the windowing system/OS fields?  It has to be something that
exists and is fairly common, so that its not able to be thrown out
by the stats-gathers.  I could use "(X11; MVS; IBM MVS some version number)"
but that'd be easy to throw out, even though ports of X to MVS really did
Maybe I'll just make every copy of Cookie Jar look like
it's running on Linux.
BTW, Wells Fargo's on-line banking sucks dead gerbils through a dirty
garden hose.  The interface is poor, it checks that you're using
SSL not by actually trying it, but by checking the User-agent
field to see if you're using a browser that supports SSL, and
then when I try to transfer money between accounts, it refuses with
no explanation.  A fine example of how NOT to do things.

@_date: 1997-04-20 20:13:21
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
On an i386. Fight bloatware, influence markets, win friends!
(No PGP sig `cuase I'm running an unencrypted connection)
(Yeah, I store my private key on a multi-user machine, so sue me.)
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-04-27 17:07:36
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Staale & Elm 
Yea, it's a problem with a Sprint customer who put out a bunch of
bogus routes.  Since friday I have been having problems connecting
to various sites, not all of them security-related.
According to an article in the Mercury News (info from more technically
knowledgable sources welcome):
  A problem at an Internet service provider in Virginia
  triggered a massive logjam on the Internet Friday, but
  the trouble was cleared up later in the day, Sprint
  Corp. said. A customer of MAI Network Services, a
  McLean, Va.-based Internet provider that is among
  900 companies that buy wholesale access to the Net
  from Sprint, entered 10,000 duplicate routes to the
  Internet backbone.   That caused massive access delays for
  an undetermined number of users, a Sprint spokes
  man said. I wonder how long it'll be possible for unauthenticated/unapproved people to
mess around with routers.  Eventually the net will become so important
(because so much business involves it) that a large outage will cost
a lot of important people money.  They'll demand that politicians
"do something" to fix it.  It's a safe bet that instead of
doing what hackers/software engineers/IETF members would do
to solve the problem, namely re-designing things so that a single error
can't bring down the whole net, they'll just pass a law requiring
that anyone who wants the 'enable' password to a cisco have first
passed a government-approved "Internet Administrators Class" and
gotten a license.

@_date: 1997-04-28 08:44:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Staale & Elm 
Hmm.  I saw problems friday and saturday.  Saturday I was checking URLs in
a book on hacking and security that I'm editing, and a number of
ordinarily reachable sites were down.  Traceroutes to them showed
wierd routing problems, mostly routing 'loops'.
I'm not picking on cisco, you missed my point.
In all other 'infrastructures' (i.e. phone company, roads)
only officially-sanctioned people are allowed access to work on things.
With the phone company, it's phone company employees & contractors, with
the roads its government employees and contractors.  When private
extensions are added, they're restricted and compartlemtalized so
that they can't affect the entire infrastructure... a private
corporate phone switch's misprogramming doesn't bring down Pac Bell.
OTOH, with the internet, this is not true.  IP routing is complex enough
that a router configurating error (or perhaps a series of them, maybe
Sprint was accepting BGP sessions from someone they shouldn't have)
_can_ damage major parts of the net.
Engineers (like most people on this list) first thought when faced with
a situation like this is to design more fail-safes into the system to
prevent a clueless admin or a router with a software error from
causing so much damage.  But politicians, when faced with the same
situation, their first reaction is "We gotta have a Law".
My prediction is that if things like this keep happening, the Internet will
be declared a "defense interest computer system" or something similar, and
only "approved personnel" will be allowed to mess with net-connected routers.
Hence mentioning the 'enable' (root) password on ciscos- I figured
more people here are familiar with them since they're the most popular
router and the OS's look and feel hasn't changed substantialy for
the last 5 years or so.

@_date: 1997-05-16 00:50:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: `careerpunks' 
Same here.  I've been looking out for privacy problems in the systems
that I help my clients design.  Whenever I find one I have been able to
convince the client to redesign their product to fix it.
I'd never have this much influence as a mere cypherpunk.  But when I
can tell the client what the damage will likely be if their systems
are not sufficiently private, they become very interested in making them so.
Also, working in the field doesn't preclude doing free stuff that
you find an interest in.
Yes.  I will not work for a client on a project that I consider
to be 'bad' (i.e. GAK).   I do wonder sometimes what I will do if/when
all crypto systems are GAKware.

@_date: 1997-05-19 09:22:13
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: referers and W3 (fwd) 
Note that it'll work with a non-UNIX browser just fine.  You do need to
have access to a Unix host to run the cookie jar program itself, but you
can tell your Windoze browser to use cookie jar as a proxy.... I run my Mac's
browser through it.
Sounds like an idea to go along with the User-Agent spoofing I added recently.
What would make sense to use, other than sending
How about sending the current URL as Referrer?

@_date: 1997-05-21 04:00:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell 2 
Thanks for posting this.
The _IRS_ can arrest people for 'scheming to overthrow the U.S. government' !?
I thought that was the FBIs job.  I'm sure they'd have wanted to be
in on it if he was as big a terrorist as they're making him out to be.
Maybe the FBI that the bulk of the charges are bogus and wanted nothing to
do with them, but the IRS went ahead anyhow to harass him and to
justify their earlier search.  Food for thought and grounds for
further research...

@_date: 1997-06-02 23:04:39
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: May's Banal Rant 
If those were the only two futures, you'd be right.
However it's more likely that if an 'Internet drivers license' bill
passed next week, Joe and Jill wouldn't care.  They're not on the Net
anyhow, and they already know (by reading _Time_ and watching TV)
that the Net is full of hackers and porn.  An Internet Drivers License
would help authorities crack down on hackers, or so the tv would
tell Jack and Jill (and they'd beleive it).
In addition, few people care about anonymity.  Jack and Jill certainly dont.
Try explaining why net users should be allowed to be anonymous to
someone who barely understands the net.  Like your parents for example.
If an 'Internet drivers license' bill passed next week, it'd take at
least a year to get it repealed (probably much longer).  During
that time, if the government wished to do so, it could stage any
number of provocative acts, blame them on 'Internet Terrorists', then
get James Kallstron on tv to announce that the 'Terrorists' have been
caught via their Internet Drivers Licenses.

@_date: 1997-06-03 08:28:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Net Driver's License 
Oh, I'll agree with that.  I think that governments will do it anyhow.
it makes a nice "dual-use" tool:  if someone the government doesn't
like is using a forged IDL, they can be busted for that.  Remember, wiretaps to gather evidence are now legal if they're "in good faith".
All it takes is one mention of your forged IDL, or a slip in your
code, and the secret's out.
If they do use a valid IDL, then they're traceable and can be
traffic-analyzed into revealing their "co-consiprators", then busted.
Of course these techniques will only be used against terrorists, never
against freedom fighters.

@_date: 1997-06-10 05:27:28
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: With friends like these... 
[shitload of FUD deleted]
Is there something important coming up that we should know about?
Something big enough to make the FUD-mongers want to distract us?
The main lie in this message was that the report endorses safe/pro-code.
It does not.  It doesn't even mention them.

@_date: 1997-06-14 09:22:27
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Impact of Netscape kernel hole 
Of course that's IDEA-encrypted (or maybe something better in PGP 5) so
the attacker would need a lot of compute power to brute-force the key.
I wouldn't worry too much about someone getting my secring.pgp.  However
I would worry about them getting my mail folder, my .rhosts, my
Yes, a description of the exploit would be very helpful.  It should
be fairly easy to hack a proxy to search and destroy the Java/Javascript
CaptiveX attacklet as it's being received.

@_date: 1997-06-25 05:11:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: The Grand Compromise is Coming 
Yes.  The tactic will be to use S.909 in negotiation to represent a 'fair' government-oriented solution.   Then 'compromise' with a 'balanced'
deal which includes all that the government really wants, with a few
of the more onerous bits taken out of S.909 as 'compromise'.
As Declan notes, Congress is driven to compromise.  The
government side can propose ever more draconian laws in order to
engineer the 'compromise' to whatever it wants.  On the other side, we
are stuck, because we have been asking for things that we really want, not
bargaining chips.  Even if we were to ask for bargaining chips that
are more than we really want, how much further than completely free
crypto can you go?    The government wins any game of compromise because
it can push its side as far as it wants, then demand that we meet halfway.
They will make it out as a victory ("send us more money") but in
reality it'll just be a little less of a defeat.
The rejectionist stance has the presumption that, if unwatched, the
government will pass a law so onerous that the people will rise up
in protest.  Unfortunately I don't think Americans will rise up in
protest over _anything_ any more.  Certainly not over basic freedoms.

@_date: 1997-06-28 04:42:58
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Secure Authentication 
And another question is should government be involved at all?
My answer to that is no, not for the setting of CA policy.
It should be up to the CA, as published in their policy, what
authentication if any they perform in order to issue a certificate.
There is a need for certificates that are closely tied to someone's True Name
and there is a need for certificates that do nothing except verify
that a given email address is unique in that CA's list.
I would oppose any laws that require a certain level of
"secure authentication" of CAs.  Especially since, as your question
hints, there IS no secure authentication available to all citizens-
drivers licenses and birth certificates and Social Security cards
are all readily forged.  All authentication is relative.
I would not be opposed to laws that penalized a CA for breaking
the terms of its published policy.  However I expect that existing
contract law would cover that, since the policy is essentially a
contract between the CA and the cert issuee.
The biggest problem with CAs and the law is legal liability.  The liability
of being a CA is currently unknown until there is case law on the topic.
I think that one way of looking at CA liability would be to consider it
to be similar to an insurance policy with a limited maximum liability.
A CA who issued low-assurance unique email address certificates might
limit its liability to $10, whereas a CA who issued a high-assurance
37-forms-of-ID-and-a-retina-scan True Name certificate might limit
its liability to $100M (or maybe unlimited).  These liability limits
would of course have to be stated in the CAs policy.
Being able to limit liability on their own would allow the market
to choose how much assurance a certificate for a given transaction needs.
For CAs, it would allow them to insure themselves.
It would be trivial to add an 'assurance' field to standard X.509
certificates so parties to a transaction wouldn't need to read
the CAs policy statement to learn how much a given certificate was 'worth', i.e. how far the CA is prepared to back it.

@_date: 1997-06-29 01:38:18
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Bomb-making instructions.... 
Yes.  Instructions like "Do not drop bomb" and "run away after you
light the fuse" are enabling technologies which allow terrorists to
ply their trade.  By banning all safety instructions related to explosives, we will save American lives and make the world safe
for our children.

@_date: 1997-07-02 02:47:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
[lots 'o stuff]
Close. The complling need is for politicians to appear to be 'tough on crime'.
Being 'tough on crime' gets you reelected.  Being 'soft on crime'
means you lose and have to find a real job.
Taking away the rights of convicted criminals who have served their
sentences makes you look tough on crime to the sheeple.  The convicts
and wimpy human-rights organizations like the ACLU might complain, but
fuck 'em, they're liberals or criminals who get whatever we decide that
they deserve.  Hell, if it'll get people to vote for you,  throw 'em
in a mental hospital after they've served their terms, or publish their names so citizens can drive them out of town.
It has little to do with disarming the population and lots to do with
the climate of fear that politicans and the media have whipped up.
With the downfall of communisim and the end of the cold war,
the DOJ/FBI/NSA/prison system has become the new Military Industrial
Complex.  Need money to get elected?  Vote for new prisons and
the powerful Prison Guards lobby will help you out.  Need a new
pork-barrel project to help out your friends back in the district?
Vote for federal dollars for more cops.
Need to sell papers or TV ads?  Tell people how bad crime is, everyone's
afraid of the criminals they see on 'Cops'.  More fear.  More cops.
More jails.  We're marching towards the police state one jack-boot
at a time.

@_date: 1997-07-10 02:19:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell reference 
Wow.  This is the most blatant propaganda I've seen in a long time.
It's full of so much inaccurate info that it can't be an accident.
Their blurb on Bell says:
"In his "Assassination Politics," Bell suggests that IRS
agents are not protected against violent acts,
because they have stolen taxpayers' money. He also
initiates a betting pool as to what government
employees and officeholders would be assassinated."
If I remember correctly, Bell never 'initiates'[sic] anything, he
just talked about it.
They cites a Netly News article by Declan McCullagh
Declan's article doesn't say, or even imply, that Bell actually
set up his AP betting pool.  The "database" authors apparently wanted
to make a point by making his crime seem to be real, and were willing
to stretch the truth to do so.
This fits in with the rest of the "database".  Take a look
at the 'terrorisim' category.  Most of the 'terrorists' crimes
(or more correctly, arrests- this database seems to assume that
being arrested or charged with a crime makes one guilty) are
horrible terrorist crimes like sending hate email, or suggesting that a state
senator who vociferously supports mountain lion hunting be
"hunted down and skinned and mounted".  In that one the California state senator somehow becomes a US senator...
The "database" is filled with inaccurately-labeled "data".  I'd
be willing to bet that it will be used to support the "Info war"
military-industrial-complex money grab:  "Look, a study at
Gorgetown shows that we've had three incidents of Internet terrorisom
in 1997 alone, one against a US senator!"
Feh.  "Research" like this makes me puke.
BTW, you can add you own "IW incidents" via a form at

@_date: 1997-07-11 04:08:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
Ergot (Clavecps sp.), which grows on wheat, rye and other grasses.
Psilocibe sp. (which grows in the new world)
and some members of the genus Amanita, found in europe and the new world.
The problem with many of these natural sources of hallucinogens
is that they contain other poisons- ergot alkaloid molecules
have an LSD molecule attached, but other parts of the alkaloid
cause gangrene and convulsions.  Hardly party material!
Psilocibe mushrooms usually cause vomiting.  Most Amanita species
have an lethal dosage which is uncomfortably close to the
effective dosage, not a good thing in a drug.  Amanita muscaria
however was used by the vikings to help induce their 'berserker'
state for battle.
The problem with these is that it's generally hard to seperate the
drugs from the poisons, to the point where if you have the knowledge
to do so you might as well just set up a factory to make the drugs
from cleaner and cheaper non-biological precursors.
I don't see how that's really any different than marijuana- dope
is a weed, it's so easy to grow that retarded alcoholics can grow it.
And a different cultivar of the same species (hemp) is a plant that's
incredibly useful commercially.  Yet it's still illegal to posess any member
of the species (or related species like C. indica).  If some smart
biologist 'fixed' ergot to make nice clean LSD, it'd just be made
illegal to posess grain that's got a certain species of mold on it.
Everything that's not compulsory is illegal.

@_date: 1997-07-16 00:17:16
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: hand-held computers Re: Electronic commerce has long way to go 
There's a GCC development environment for the Pilot that
runs under Linux.   Also packages for synching, logging in from
the Pilot to unix, perl tools, assemblers, disassemblers, and
about 400 other things.
Check out  for info.
It's pretty cool how much stuff is available for the pilot.  It's
too bad that I need either a full workstation with all the trimmings, or
just a pen and a (paper) notebook.
SSL, telnet, ssh, xcopilot, a POP mail client and some more stuff.

@_date: 1997-07-17 07:51:12
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: The Real Plan: Making the Net Safe for Censorship 
That should be Making the Net Safe for SafeSurf.
The proposal is a classic example of "if you can't beat 'em in
the marketplace, beat 'em in the legislature".  It would require
a rating system while locking out new competition from the net
censorshipratings field.   SafeSurf operates
a ratings system.  Can you say "conflict of interest"?
Note provision 3, which stipuates that a rating must be "issued by a
ratings service that has a minimum of 5,000 documented individuals usin
its system to mark their data."
That'd kind of make it hard to start a competing ratings system, wouldn't it?
Just like the lumber barons who destroyed vast forests for
their own profit, too many modern business people are willing
to sell out our freedoms in return for profit for themselves.

@_date: 1997-07-18 02:26:19
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Verisign gets export approval 
My understanding is that Verisign's licensing agreement
explicitly forbids using any certs they issue as CA certificates.
Maybe if the 'someone' paid Verisign an appropriate fee they
might allow it, but I'd bet that fee would be very high.
Verisign's no dummy, they don't want to enable new competition
to ride on their backs.
In the case of this special strong-crypto-allowing cert, Verisign
would probably be encouraged to discourage cert holders from
using the special Verisign certs as CA certs, for the very
reason you suggest. :-)
The format of the X.509 extensions that will enable strong crypto
operation will be known soon.  Even if Netscape et. al. tried to keep
them secret, since they're public certificates they'll be available to
anyone with an ASN.1 parser.

@_date: 1997-08-01 00:03:29
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Denning backs away from GAK 
"Encrypt expert revises views
Authorities crack codes on their own"
By Simpson Garfinkel, special to the Mercury News
"A key academic supporter of the Clinton administrations position in the
debate over controls on encryption software has found that the
scrambling techniques widely used today have not shielded criminals from
law enforecement authorities.  As a result, she is backing off from
her long-held belief that controls on strong encryption are essential
to fight crime"

@_date: 1997-08-01 02:36:09
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Denning backs away from GAK 
Her support for GAK was also on 'utilitarian' grounds- she beleived law enforcement's claims that crypto prevented them from catching criminals.
This new study sounds like it pokes large holes in Freeh etc's main
justification of GAK.   That's just fine with me.  Ms Denning may change
her mind again later, but this is useful right now.  Especially since
Denning was the only respected cryptographer who sided with GAK.
Others do, especially those "driven to compromise" folk up on the hill
in Washington.
Yea, it'd be great if she suddenly got religion and started upholding
the constitution, but this is still better than I would have hoped for.

@_date: 1997-08-01 08:57:54
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: excerpt from William P. Crowell 
[yadda yadda]
That's some nice FUD to throw out.
Oh my, this is wonderful.
The reason that encryption isn't widely used is _directly_ because
of current government policy!!  They're using the results of their
own bad policy to justify more bad policy.
"In order to have widespread encryption, we must restrict it"
"Ignorance is strength"
"Freedom is slavery"

@_date: 1997-08-30 01:05:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: p.s. -- Re: ASK ToolKit Clarifications 
Check the headers.  The one you're replying to was a forgery.
Not snakeoil, but not all that useful either.

@_date: 1997-08-30 23:00:25
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Quote of the day (fwd) 
[yea yea, we've all seen multiple copies of this]
"X-day", in the credo of the Church of the Subgenuis, is
when the saved (people who have 'slack') are going to
be taken from the earth before it's destroyed, by 'pleasure saucers'
operated by Greys from Zeta Reticuli.  Or something like that.
Subgenius doctrine is hard to pin down since they're all
making it up as they go along.
X-day is supposed to be in 1998 some time, possibly April.
 has more info.

@_date: 1997-09-03 01:13:55
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Beware free 'gifts' 
Spammed to Usenet news:
I wonder how long this company would last if say James Kallstrom
was 'tracked' using their 'trapcard'....

@_date: 1997-10-21 23:49:10
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SMTP Encryption Extension 
You don't need to run it through a CGI.  There's a port defined for
ssmtp           465/tcp    ssmtp
(from the IANA assigned port numbers document of feb '97)
The problem with SSL is that it only protects the pipe, not the mail
that's being transported.  Mail is a store-and-forward scheme.
It's stored on the local disk and forwarded to the next hop.
Often that's not the recipient, but is a mail exchange or a firewall
gateway.  Then the MX or firewall forwards the mail on to the next
hop, etc.
(note that a CFS partition, in order to be used by a mail transport, would
need to be mounted at all times, and therefore would be available to
an attacker who gained root on the mail transport host)
If your mail goes to an intermediate MX site, it'll sit in the clear on
the disk there until its sent to its final destination.   Even if all
mailers supported ssmtp, the mail would not be secure.
Email really needs to be individually encrypted instead of using
encrypted pipes.  If you want to protect all email (an excellent
idea), build a mail transport which automatically encrypts each
outgoing mail in the key of the recipient (or recipients's mail
transport).  It's not that hard to do, I build a 'pgpsendmail' for
a former employer.  Most of the effort was in figuring out where in
sendmail to put the hooks to pgp.

@_date: 1997-11-02 04:46:02
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Technology 'secures' gunfire [CNN] 
They've been testing this in the city I live in.  The police got
the company who makes it to set it up as a demo.
There's a significant area of town in which most of the residents
are mexican, and they have a habit of firing guns in the air on
important holidays.  The gunshot locator was installed primarily for
tracking down such shooters.
It turns out that it doesn't work very well- when the demo came up or
review, the police said that they didn't want to buy the system, because
it can't tell the difference between a gunshot and a car backfire and
the cops were wasting time searching for non-existent 'gunfire'.
There was an outcry from the citizenry- evidently the gunshot locator
made them "feel safer" although even the cops claim its ineffective.
The sheeple prevailed, and the city council coughed up the money to buy it.

@_date: 1997-11-13 02:04:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SET 
I agree completely.  The people involved in the SET "standards effort" seem to have relatively little concern about security compared to
say the TLS working group.  There are smart security-aware people
involved but the process is controlled by non-security-aware
card company VPs.
Neither have I, but I've already found a significant privacy problem
which would allow merchants to determine who else a cardholder has
made purchases from.  When I posted details to the set-discuss list
the response from the SET czars was "so what?".
[details: according to the spec the cardholder sends to the merchant
thumbs (SHA1 hashes) of all the certs in the cardholder's cert cache.
Since this will contain certs from merchants the cardholder has
made purchases from in the past, a merchant could simply match up
those merchant cert thumbs with cert thumbs he obtains from other
merchants, allowing him to build a list of merchants the cardholder has
attempted to make purchases from].
When the right people do make an effort to crack SET 1.0, it's quite likely
to be broken.
Sorry to sound so negative, but I just got back from a SET meeting
and those always seem to make me especially cynical.

@_date: 1997-11-13 03:14:12
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: SET 
Sending them all from the client is bit more efficient-
this way the client sends one message with all its thumbs and
the merchant side sends back any certs that are required.
The other way, the merchant would send the thumbs for all
the required certs, then the client would send a list of thumbs
for certs it doesn't have, then the server would send those certs.
So this way there's one less round trip required.
Both methods are equally open to attack unless the list of thumbs is MAC'd.

@_date: 1997-12-01 06:36:06
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: If you fought to defend your country... 
[..] Stanford used to be a real town.  Palo Alto annexed a number of
surrounding smaller towns in the 50s.  The town of Mayfield is one; it
consisted of the area just south and east of Stanford, where California
street is now.
Of course if you follow private property rights to their full extent,
its within Stanford's rights to escort Tim off the premises for whatever
reason they want, including simply not liking the way he looks ("fitting
the profile").  However Stanford isn't a purely private institution since
they take government money for research contracts and the like.
Sure.  And having something bad happen to her while at Stanford will
get the university pilloried in the press; while harassing a few
people who "fit the profile" will probably get them kudos or at
the worst some rants in non-mainstream press.  It's not the fault of
Stanford's rulers-- they're just responding to what we as a soceity
tell them that we want: safety over freedom.

@_date: 1998-01-03 01:53:04
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Mobile phones used as trackers 
The little I know about cellular is that the handset only broadcasts
to the cells when its on.  Of course, 'on' and 'off' might mean
different things on a hand-held with limited battery life, and a
mobile that's connected to a large battery with a generator (car).
But it doesn't make sense to have the even the mobile system constantly
communicating with cells and getting hand-offs when the operator
has switched it 'off' and isn't using it-  it'd be taking up bandwidth
for no reason at all.  And we all know that cellular bandwidth is
in short supply.

@_date: 1998-01-06 00:33:44
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: .50 ammo 
A Sabot is a casing which goes around a bullet, allowing say
a .22 caliber bullet to travel properly down a .30 caliber barrel.
They're usually made of plastic and designed to fall away
from the bullet soon after it leaves the barrel.
It's a hack to get high(er) velocity out of an existing gun, or
to expand the range of available projectiles for a weapon.
I used to see Sabot rounds that were .22 caliber bullets
with a .30 caliber Sabot, in a .30-06 casing.  I think Remington
made them and they were available to the general public.
They were marketed for 'varmint' hunting, as an alternative
to buying a .25-06 or similar varmint rifle.
Yes, and many people want to be able to buy a quick technological fix
to something (like shooting) which requires talent and/or practice to
become good at.
Just like buying a synthesizer doesn't instantly make one a musician, buying
a wonder gun doesn't immediately make one a crack shot.
Not that I'm accusing anyone in this discussion of having this tendency, just
pointing out that the best gun in many situations is the one that you
have run the most rounds through.

@_date: 1998-01-07 01:14:06
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks and guns 
I agree- the fedz will always have better firepower than any of
us.  Tim's strategy of letting them know that he won't take
a 'no-knock' raid sitting down might keep them honest.  Or it
might make them come in with 80 special agents and a heliocopter to
drop napalm on his house.
I'm not going to spend a lot of time setting up defenses against a
massive police attack- the costs are too high (expensive weapons, time
practicing on the range) and the hassle is great... who wants to
live barricaded in their house, jumping at every noise?
Better to do the things that we're good at- writing code, cracking
codes, writing about crypto-liberation ideas.
However, guns are good for a couple things- they're still useful
against non-government thugs, and they're a hell of a lot of fun.

@_date: 1998-01-23 01:06:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Revenge on the Nerds  -Maureen on a rampage 
I've already done the work:
It'll block cookies, accepting them from a specific list of sites. It blocks the outgoing requests for ads, on a (regex-controlled)
host or URL basis.  So you don't bother to download ads, saving you
from seeing them and wasting the bandwidth downloading them.
As an example, my .cookiejarrc file currently holds:
denyhost *.doubleclick.net advertising.quote.com commonwealth.riddler.com
denyhost *.linkexchange.com *.pagecount.com images.yahoo.com denyhost ads.*.com ad.*.com adforce.imgis.com denyhost *.flycast.com/ songline.com:1971/
denyurl /ads/* /ads/images/* *sponsors/redirect/* */bin/statthru* */AdID=*
denyurl /adv/* /sponsors2/*  */ad-bin/ad* /advertising/* */livetopics_anim.gif*
denyurl /Banners/* /shared/images/ad/* /sponsors3/* /adverts/* /free/FarSight/*
denyurl /ad/ /*ad*.focalink.com/
It'll let you selectively block sending the User-agent line
in the HTTP request, and will let you randomly select from a list
of User-agents that you supply if you want to mess up site's data
collection schemes.  And you can choose to block sending anything
but the Accept and Pragma lines in the HTTP request for more privacy.

@_date: 1998-02-10 00:42:33
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Driver Licenses 
I have no idea if my local 7/11 does this.  I don't even know
where my local 7/11 is.  I do however find it interesting that they're
implementing this policy when there are still legally-issued non-mag-stripe
driver's licenses in circulation... like mine, issued in 1980
(extended many times) and valid til the end of this year.
Never mind that the CDL isn't supposed to be a citizen's ID badge.
We're building Big Brother, one tiny step at a time.
I hear we're going to war against Oceania again next month.

@_date: 1998-04-25 17:49:52
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance of police raids... 
Not unhappy enough to make it stop.  I beleive that shows like "Cops"
teach people to accept police violence- it's always "in the right"
and the "perp" is always guilty.  Just another way that the System
tries to make a lie of "guilty until proven innocent".
Cool idea.  You could send streaming video (encrypted of course) to
a 'safe haven' which would store it until you need it to back
up your court case and send the vicious pigs to jail where they
belong.  Until you need it, it'll be safely stored and only you
can get to it.
However, there's two weak links in that- the net connection and
the safe haven server.  Once one set of cops gets nailed by
such a system, you can bet that word _will_ get around:  foil
any home surveilance system before the raid.  Of course that'll
be part of the 'evidence gathering' which is why you don't want the
cameras to simply record on tape in the first place- the cops will
seize the tapes as "evidence" and they'll become "lost" before trial.
The cops could cut your phone/ISDN/DSL line before the raid, but of course
that might tip you off.  Although with the rate that net connections go
down these days due to router failures, maybe it wouldn't.  The other way for the cops to foil the system is to attack the
safe haven server.  Possibly just by tracking your traffic to the
server, then seizing all the server' operators computer equipment
(shutting down his business) as more 'evidence'.  A few cases of that
would convince most server operators that they should take up a different
The third weak link is that the cops would simply kill you and your
family- if there's no survivors to sue, then whataver evidence you
have is worthless.

@_date: 1998-07-02 16:46:11
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IE Frees Crypto 
[about Irish crypto legislation]
It says "lawful authorisation" not "search warrant".
That means that sometime later they can go back and
pass another law that says that "lawful authorisation" for
forcing one to reveal one's plaintext or keys is something
much less stringent than a search warrant.
Most proposed US crypto regulations have similar weasel-words.

@_date: 1998-07-09 13:28:00
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: FC: Forget Internet restrictions -- how about banning TV? 
[rant against tv deleted]
While I agree that TV is a brain-sucking void, banning any
form of dissemination of information is a Bad Thing and
a sign of serious government oppression.
First the came for the TV sets, and I didn't say anything because
TV is merely bread and circuses for the masses.
Then they came for my radio, and I didn't complain because
I can't get Rush very good anyhow.
Then they came for the newspaper, and that really pissed me off, so
I wanted to protest.  I wanted my protest to get a lot of exposure, so
I went to call the TV and radio stations but they don't exist any more.
I'd rather be dealing with Hillary than the Talliban.

@_date: 1998-09-08 08:55:35
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: cryptographically secure mailing list software 
At ~1sec/ encryption (varies greatly depending on your list hardware, should
be less on a newer PC) adding an extra 200 seconds of CPU time for each mail message to the list is probably acceptable.
Check out PGPdomo.
I found a copy at:

@_date: 1998-09-28 21:55:17
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks defeat? 
Not directly as an added charge.  But they do indeed pass it on.
The card associations won't let them directly charge an added amount for
using a credit card, because that would remind consumers that they're
paying for the privlidge.. and that might discourage them from
using plastic.  But it's ok for the merchant to offer 'discounts' for
buyers who use cash instead of credit cards.  That 'discount'
is the real price of the goods with the credit-card surcharge
subtracted.  Often that's 3-4%, sometimes as low as 1.2%.
It still costs you the credit fee, hidden inside the purchase price.
Visa and MasterCard don't have massive staffs and huge office
buildings because they're dumb.

@_date: 1998-10-12 23:44:30
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: IP: Different Approaches to Privacy Issue: OECD 
No, the US is opposed to any privacy regulations.  "electronic commerce"
now means so many things that you have to consider it to be a comment
phrase that adds no meaning to the sentence in which it resides.

@_date: 1998-11-04 01:55:43
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: VANGUARD:  An Election About Nothing? (fwd) 
Not voting tells the current politicians that you don't care
what they do to you.  They'd be happier if only 5% of the electorate
bothered to vote- that's fewer people to market to.
If you don't like the Republicrats in office, then vote for
what the media denigrates as a 'fringe cantidate'.  If they
lose, which is likely because Americans tend to want to vote
for the winner, then you'll be satisfied because you voted
against the idiot in office.  If they happen to win, then
you'll either get someone wiht some new ideas which (hopefully) you
agree with, or someone so seriously wierd that they paralyze
government for their entire term. Here in California we have Green, Libertarian, Peace and Freedom,
Reform and Natural Law candidates for almost all the state positions.
The Natural Law people are so wierd that it's very tempting to
vote for them, here's a sample:
Jane Ann Bialosky, Natural Law candidate for Secretary of State:
"My ideal is to bring fullfillment to the electoral idea, a wise electorate.
Government is the reflection of collective conciousness....
Our government should sustain the influence of harmony, positivity, wholeness,
in which no one can go wrong and everyone will spontaneously be right...
The government of nature governs from the holistic nasis of creation
according to the principle of least action.... Everything must be held up
by natural law.
Another Natural Law candidate for state Controller:
"My vision is for prevention-oriented government, conflict-free politics
and proven solutions to America's economic problems by cutting taxes deeply
abd responsibly while simultaneously balancing the budget through
cost-effective solutions to America's problems, rather than by cutting
essential services."
I was thinking as I read the voter pamphlet that an Absurdist party
would be quite amusing and would point out the silliness of the
current politicians.  But I don't think I could come up with anything as
wacky as the Natural Law people can.
That's my point.  Absurdisim sends a much stronger message
than just not voting.  Voting for serious 'fringe' candidates
(i.e. Libertarians) also sends a message.  Not voting just
says "I don't care what you do to me".
Of course the whole thing _could_ be rigged- last night the ABC web site had pages up with _today's_
voting results, with 100% of the "precincts reporting".
   They're not up now, but I managed to get a copy of the senate "results"
yesterday (10/2) at 18:40 PST.  It'll be interesting to see how well
they match the "results" from today. A copy of the page I saved is at

@_date: 1998-11-23 01:57:50
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: Question about general patents 
You can't patent a computer program under US patent law either.
You can patent an algorithim or a method however.

@_date: 1998-12-25 02:34:01
@_author: Eric Murray 
@_subject: Re: I want to spam the Jury Duty information 
No, it's a bad idea.  The ends do not justify the means.
