
@_date: 1997-12-05 23:27:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Gary Burnore Caught in own Trap (Long) 
What motive would Sam have for being part of the mythical "Spam baiting/
forgery/libel/teenager-abusing/cyber-stalking conspiracy" you've concocted?
Could it be that Gary is now searching for another person to falsely accuse
of doing all of these things, now that he and the first person he accused
sem to have declared a de facto truce?  Is Sam going to be your next victim?
Which blows a huge hole in Gary's own theory that some evil "anon asshole"
used a remailer to do it, thus justifying his anti-remailer witch hunt.
And since you've chosen to quote that opinion, what were the results of
that trace he mentioned?
                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
How many do you plan to tell?
To which the broken, mis-configured mail server at DataBasix autoresponded.
Why would Gary have claimed he was going to fix it if it weren't broken?
You might start with asking yourself who stood to benefit from this
happening.  You and Gary are the ones who keep bringing it up, because
it's the only "evidence" you have to support your grand conspiracy theory.
Thus far, all of your alleged "evidence" has proven nothing because it's
all (conveniently) had truncated path headers.
And you've got a better explanation of what happened?  Right after Billy
McClatchie went on his campaign to get Mailmasher shut down, someone signs up for a Mailmasher account, puts out a fake post advertising some
"warez", then dutifully turns himself into the SPA to get Mailmasher in
trouble.  Just a "coincidence", right?
And just because you, Billy McClatchie (Wotan), and Gary Burnore are all staff members at DataBasix, and the two servers that you three attacked in sequence were both run by the same person, we're not supposed to make the
conncection?  As Gary himself once said "There are far too many coincidences".  He was at least right about that.
I've read Jeff's account, and you, Gary, and Bill "Wotan" McClatchie are the only attackers he mentioned.
Other than a Message-ID and a Comments line (both forgeable), what indicates this came from Mailmasher?  Why was Mailmasher not in the path header?  You still haven't produced a single shred of evidence that this came from Mailmasher.  You haven't even shown from any of the Mailmasher help files that Mailmasher even had this capability.  In someone's haste to point the blame at the remailers' ability to paste From: headers, they chose the wrong target -- since Mailmasher was not a remailer and had no header pasting capability.  Mail coming from Mailmasher accounts all contained a
pseudonym followed by "  Access was via a web-based
interface, and there was no place to specify a From: line.
Engaging in ad hominem is an obvious attempt to divert attention from your
lack of evidence.
Actually, in the beginning it was YOU, McClatchie, and the so-called "spam baiter" that used the No-Archive header.  Gary didn't use it until later when he became worried that people could actually read his old posts and see how his story changed over time.  Gary has apparently gone back and
even had his old posts nuked from the archives, as well. Apparently
Gary "I have nothing to hide" Burnore has reconsidered that stance.
If someone wanted to forge a post to embarass you, would it make sense to
hide it with a No-Archive header?  Why limit the readership like that?
Netcruiser accounts can't telnet into an SMTP server, which is your theory of
how the "forgery" was done?  Also, you, Gary, and Wotan have shell accounts
that are quite capable of doing many of the things you claim that your
mythical "spam-baiting/forging/libelling/cyber-stalking/child-molesting"
mega-villain is guilty of.  You also once claimed that this person had spam baited "every known email address of DataBasix staff and customers".  Who but a DataBasix insider would have access to that kind of information?
Conveniently similar to the posts of Wotan and yourself.  And that quote
is obviously the reason that you, Gary, and Wotan also utilize that
same header, right?  So that you can later claim that anything you post
and later regret was "forged"?
As are most of Gary's theories.
When have you EVER had a decent thing to say about anonymous posters?  Can
you cite even one instance?  Are you suddenly trying to polish up
DataBasix' image?  Polish that turd all you want, and it still won't smell
any better!
Jeff didn't reveal your harassment of him until AFTER he had shut down
his remailer and had no further retribution to fear.  And we didn't learn
of your attacks on Jeff's machines until Gary made a similar taunt back in
Stop your pitiful whining about "selective snipping".  Anyone who missed
it the first time can read your epic whine-fest by following the reference headers.  That's what they're there for. And if they're reading this thread via DejaNews and can't, well that was YOUR choice, not mine.
My posts are archived for all to read.
