
@_date: 1996-01-29 13:52:26
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Ernst Zundel impersonator on Usenet 
Ernst Zundel is the holocaust revisionist who sparked the Wiesenthal
Center's attempts at censorship, and the latest move by the German
Now an AOL alias, "ernstzundl is being used in the course of an impressive trolling spree on Usenet newsgroups including aus.flame,
alt.skinheads, alt.mindcontrol, and soc.culture.jewish.
Some excerpts from posts to soc.culture.jewish:
        Prior to 1904, there *were* no black people.  But they
        invented the whole myth of Africa, the slave trade, pyramids
        in Egypt, etc-- to serve their own ends.  I know this because
        *I* have studied history.  This is why I am the Revisionist
        Extraordinaire.  I know obscure things about history that
        nobody except me knows.
        FOIL THE JEWISH PLOT!!  POLUTE THE EARTH!!  CONTAMINATE THE
        WATER!!  DESTROY EVERY LIVING THING TO SAVE IT FROM THE JEWS!!
        AND THEN WAIT FOR THE MOTHER SHIP TO BRING US TO OUR HOME IN
        THE STARS!
I found an interesting message with the help of Alta Vista. Posted by
"ernstzundl to rec.scuba, it said:
        Does anyone know of any scuba clubs in or near Kingston, NY?
        Thanks!
I'm not familiar with how AOL screen names work, but my guess is that
the Kingston, NY resident impersonating Zundel forgot to switch back
to his other screen name before posting.

@_date: 1996-02-04 02:05:07
@_author: ALL of them! 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!!
Recently several Jewish co-conspirators have tried to silence
me!  I finally go onto Usenet to make myself open for debate,
and the Communist conspirators write to the AOL postmaster
and ask that they remove my account!
Below are some messages I received from some of those
people who do not believe in Free Speech.  *I* believe in Free Speech.  Without Free Speech, I would be unable to
declare which books I feel should be burned, who should
be persecuted, and who should be declared to be inferior
or part of a race-wide conspiracy like the "Holocaust."
Please do not send email to the people who complained
about me.  I beleive in Free Speech, and so I believe in
their right to complain about me.  I also believe that it
just demonstrates that they are willing Fellow Travelers
in the worldwide Communist Conspiracy, they are friends
of the Black Helicopters of the United Nations, and they are
enemies of the Aryan Nazi UFO's at the center of the Earth.
Now, fellow Patriots and Supermen Aryans, read their
messages and tell me what you think?
alt.skinheads, alt.mindcontrol, and alt.fan.ernst.zundel.
 >> hate Jews, Blacks, Catholics, and anyone who is "different".  People *** Now do you see what kind of censorship I am up against???
If you want to help me, please DO NOT email the people above to complain.
Instead, you can help me in my cause to make the Earth safe for White
You can help me by joining me and my legions of Aryan Nazi UFO Supermen
at the center of the Earth.  All you have to do to get there is enter the
Earth's center by way of a volcano in Antarctica.
If you are a *true* Patriot, and a *true* Aryan, then you *MUST*
make the journey to Antarctica and into the volcano!!  We owe it to
the world, we owe it to the great Adolph Hitler, and we owe it to
the White Race.
And please bring a sweater.  It's cold!

@_date: 1996-02-04 03:00:28
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 3-Feb-96 THE JEWS (ALL of them!)
Try.. by ErnstZundl Damn, he blew my cover. I shall seek vengeance with my orbital
mindcontrol lasers.

@_date: 1996-02-04 07:25:26
@_author: Cecelia A Clancy 
@_subject: Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Ernst Zu"ndel's e-mail address is ezundel  He is on on
AOL to me knowledge.
The above text does not feel like Zu"ndel to me.  I think
that this ErnstZundel might very well be an imposter.
The above is not the real Zu"ndel's speaking or writing
style.  Zu"ndel does not want books burned and people persecuted
nor does he want certain races and ethnic groups declared
Zu"ndel more likely to complain about hypocricy and lack of tolerance
than lack of capitalized Free Speech. (At least according to
what I have been exposed to of him.)
Mossad?  Come on, get real.  The real Mossad would have an address
that ends in .il.   The ending .gov is for US government agencies.
"Do not write to these people", huh.  Well, I wonder if this is
because some of these addresses might all be fake?  I'll try sending to
them to see what happens.
Lemineberg!   That's a spoof on "Mark Lemire" a guy who really
works with the real Zu"ndel.
Sorry, but the guy with the Charlie Chaplain mustache spelled his
first name "Adolf", not "Adolph."  The real Zu"ndel would not
make this misspellilng.
Cecelia Clancy
University of Pittsburgh
+1 (412) 441-2231

@_date: 1996-02-04 22:18:28
@_author: ALL of them! 
@_subject: Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Who do you propose wrote it then?  Aryan Space Nazis?

@_date: 1996-02-04 22:10:09
@_author: ALL of them! 
@_subject: Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
freeze to death at the South pole, as that really
Nobody is going to freeze to death if they dress warmly.  That is just a myth
about Antarctica.  It is really a tropical paradise, but THE JEWS don't want
you to know that.  Besides, we will all be going *inside* a VOLCANO!  Even if
somehow Antarctica were freezing cold, we will be plenty warm inside the
volcano which leads to the Aryan Nazi UFO Base at the center of the Earth.
I am not asking Nazis and Holocaust deniers to freeze to death!  I am
inviting them to jump into a volcano, you fool!

@_date: 1996-02-04 22:30:37
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
Excerpts from request: 4-Feb-96 Re: THE JEWS (ALL of them!).. by
ErnstZundl The ernstzundl imposter obviously does not know that Xenu will
chain him to an Antarctic volcano and annihilate him with nuclear
weapons. Beware the thetans!
ObCrypto: Obviously someone as controversial as Zundel needs to PGP-sign
his messages. (Actually, *her* messages, since Ingrid posts for the
Zundelish One.) Does anyone want to show her how to use PGP? I think she
has a PPP connection from her computer at home to cts.com. Message
headers don't indicate what mailer she uses.
