
@_date: 1993-05-20 18:04:28
@_author: Eric S. Raymond 
@_subject: hello, all 
I've just joined the list.  I did so because I'm mad as hell about the Clipper
proposal (some of you may have seen my incendiary post to RISKS on the topic).
Some of you know me.  Others have probably seen my work, which includes (among
much else) major packages in Emacs 19, a moderately popular netnews suite, the
I want to know what I can do to help block the Feds from `surveilling'
everybody and to spread crypto-anarchy.  I'm not up to speed on technical
cryptography yet (though I know a lot about the pre-computer kind, Vigenere
ciphers and such) but I'm chasing references and hope to be soon.
There may be other ways I can contribute.  Besides being a skilled hacker, I'm
also good with English.  I have a lot of experience at maintaining successful
FAQs (I'm handling six now, including the monthly three-part buyer's guide for
ISA UNIX software and hardware).  If the cypherpunks FAQ is still in
preparation, I can probably be of substantial help with it.

@_date: 1993-05-21 10:24:02
@_author: Eric S. Raymond 
@_subject: Proposed Cypherpunks FAQ outline 
After exchanging email with Eric Hughes and other listmembers, I find that
the previous attempt at putting together a cypherpunks FAQ seems to be moribund.
I have a lot of experience building FAQs, and maintain several popular ones
on USENET, including:
Accordingly, I'm able and willing to take on this job.
The hardest thing about writing a FAQ is to define its scope and level of
detail.  Accordingly, SOP if you know what you're doing is to start by
generating a list of questions to be answered, and/or an outline.  I've done
this below.
1. Why cypherpunks?
   a. Privacy is essential to freedom.
   b. The government cannot be relied on to protect your privacy rights.
   c. Technology can give individuals leverage against would-be oppressors,
      but only if we're sufficiently smart and dedicated to build the levers.
   d. Cypherpunks exists to build and propagate privacy software.
2. What are the essentials of privacy software?
   a. Public-key cryptosystems for secure communication.
   b. Unforgeable electronic signatures for message authentication.
   c. DC-net or similar protocols to thwart spoofing.
3. What are the potential applications of good privacy software?
   a. Secure communications.
   b. Digital cash.
   c. Electronic voting.
   d. Electronic contracts.
   e. 4. What are the key algorithms, tools, and implementations for privacy
   software?
   a. RSA
   b. DES
   c. Clipper/Capstone/DSS
   d. PGP
   e. Possible non-RSA trapdoor functions.
5. What are the social and political implications of good privacy software?
   a. Drastically lower transaction costs for trade.
   b. Expansion of the counter-economy.
   c. Disempowerment of government.
6. What are the legal, political, and technical obstacles?
   a. The Clipper/Capstone/DSS power grab.
   b. The RSA patent and the PGP/RSA fight.
   c. RSA's base problem may not be NP-complete.
7. What can I do to help?
   a. Work on cryptographic software.
   b. Agitate against the Clipper/Capstone/DES standard.
Each subsection should be written by a list expert and include pointers to
published sources and other FAQs.
You can help in one of three ways:
1) Volunteer to write one of the sections or subsections above.
2) Suggest more questions.
3) Identify yourself to me as a technical expert on a particular area in
   the outline, even if you're not willing to commit to writing it.  That
   way I'll know whose brains to pick.
I think an edited version of Tim May's glossary should go at the end.  Tim,
are you willing?

@_date: 1993-05-23 19:06:45
@_author: Eric S. Raymond 
@_subject: draft FAQ 
Here's the first draft of the FAQ.  You'll see that it's basically a frame,
an outline, and an intro.  If you can fill in one of the sections, please
do so and mail it to me.
--- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---
This is the Cypherpunks FAQ.  It explains the projects and purposes of the
Cypherpunks mailing list.  It is also intended to serve as a general
introduction to privacy and encryption issues.
For details on the technical and theoretical aspects of computer cryptography,
see the sci.crypt FAQ, available for FTP from rtfm.mit.edu (18.172.1.27) in the
directory pub/usenet-by-group/sci.crypt.
The cypherpunks archive is available for FTP at
This site contains code, information, rants, and other miscellany, including
the most up-to-date version of this FAQ.
This FAQ is maintained by Eric S. Raymond ; send
additions and corrections to that address.  Sections contributed by others are
credited to individual authors.  We gratefully acknowledge, in addition,
feedback and comments from David Mandl  and Eric Hughes
1. Why cypherpunks?
   Because privacy is essential to freedom.
   If the government (or any other oppressor that behaves like one) can
effectively monitor communications, it can control or suppress them.  And it
will do so, because the natural tendency of controllers is always to seek more
   The government cannot be relied on to protect your privacy rights.  Nor
can anyone else --- certainly not your employer, or the corporations that
want to know all about you so they can sell you things.
   Given half the chance, governments and corporations will always push
for security standards that protect *them*, but not *you*.
   Computer technology can help protect you against would-be snoopers, but only
if somebody is sufficiently smart and dedicated to build the tools.
   The Cypherpunks list exists to build and propagate privacy software.  Our
aim is to give you the tools to communicate with other people and computers
in ways snoopers cannot tap.
2. What are the essentials of privacy software?
   a. Public-key cryptosystems for secure communication.
   b. Unforgeable electronic signatures for message authentication.
   c. DC-net or similar protocols to thwart spoofing.
3. What are the potential applications of good privacy software?
   a. Secure communications.
   b. Digital cash.
   c. Electronic voting.
   d. Electronic contracts.
   e. Secure anonymous remailers and posters.
   f. 4. What are the key algorithms, tools, and implementations for privacy
   software?
   a. RSA
   b. DES
   c. Clipper/Capstone/DSS
   d. PGP
   e. Possible non-RSA trapdoor functions.
5. What are the social and political implications of good privacy software?
   a. Drastically lower transaction costs for trade.
   b. Expansion of the counter-economy.
   c. Disempowerment of government.
   d. Anonymity for whistleblowers.
6. What are the legal, political, and technical obstacles?
   a. The Clipper/Capstone/DSS power grab.
   b. The RSA patent and the PGP/RSA fight.
   c. RSA's base problem may not be NP-complete.
7. What can I do to help?
   a. Work on cryptographic software.
   b. Agitate against the Clipper/Capstone/DES standard.
   c. Promote the use of encrypted communication, help spread PGP and
      other appropriate tools far and wide (both to help get a better
      foothold to thwart the Clipper monopoly and its ilk, and to work
      towards making crypto as commonplace as envelopes).
To join the cypherpunks mailing list, send a request to:
Working with us could be your best shot at stopping Big Brother.  So if you
have skills to contribute, act now.  The freedom you save could be your own.
--- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---- DRAFT VERSION ---

@_date: 1993-06-04 14:36:46
@_author: Eric S. Raymond 
@_subject: Re: Lobbying for Cryptoprivacy, non-U.S. 
That's surprising.  Tribe publicly peddles the leftist arguments for gun
control, including the one that the Founding Fathers never intended the
Second Amendment for weapons of today's lethality.  I wonder why he
doesn't see the parallel.

@_date: 1998-10-08 12:52:58
@_author: "Eric S. Raymond" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
With respect, Perry, I think you may actually have confused *three*
different agendas.  RMS's advocacy of the GPL should not be taken to represent the entire open-source community, and GPL is not the only
license conforming to the Open Source Definition.  The open-source community as a whole shares many of RMS's goals, but
much of it differs with RMS, in a way very relevant to this
conversation, on the question of tactics.  There's serious question as
to whether the spread of open-source software is best served by a
"viral" license like GPL, or by licenses like BSD's which allow the
code to be used without disclosure conditions by commercial
developers.  The Open Source Definition embraces both kinds of
license.  That is very much by design.
Clearly, the "non-viral" licenses such as the BSD or MIT licenses
exactly serve the purposes of developers such as EAY who would like
the impediments to reuse of their code to be as low as possible.
Accordingly, I urge you not to encourage an artificial split between the cypherpunks and the open-source community.  Your licensing argument
is not with the open-source community as a whole, it is very
specifically with the partisans of the GPL.
I think I may safely assert that the wider open-source community
regards the cypherpunks valuable as allies in the struggle for freedom
and openness, and would not press you to sacrifice your objective of
spreading non-GAKed cryptography in order to conform to a licensing
doctrine that we, ourselves, do not unanimously agree with.
