
@_date: 1995-07-20 20:42:12
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
I only have time to keep up with my mailing lists on the weekend, so these
may have been mentioned, but...
Didn't Netscape get the short end of a major banking alliance recently?
And wasn't Microsoft's network and security software favored by that?
Has anyone here messed about with PDAs/PICs?  The Apple Newton doesn't have
much in the way of communication, but MagicCap based boxes such as Sony's
Magic Link have an awful lot of (as yet unrealized) potential.  I see as much
promise/threat for communications security in the newer PDA/PIC devices as
in Netscape.
But then i also want Netscape to invoke Eudora for mail and Newswatcher for
news, rather than having to use the as yet unstable Netscape tools.
        allen

@_date: 1995-08-01 16:50:29
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] was Re: a hole in PGP 
I suspect the practical point of view is more sensible, but if that's
what you meant i doubt that you would have called your question
        allen

@_date: 1995-08-21 12:10:15
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Newton 2 
Considering that AT&T markets PersonaLink as an e-mail service for
MagicCap users i suspect they do support MagicCap in at least one of
their PDAs.  PersonaLink is, i believe, related to Telescript, which is
the scripting language for MagicCap (OK, it's a bit more than a scripting
language, but i'm not that into it).
I've heard a few times that not having a C compiler prevents the implementation
of PGP.  Why?  Do the RSA people refuse to license a non-C implementation.
If so, can they still enforce their patent against someone who implemented
it on a
platform that didn't have a C compiler?
But then i hear that the Newton will have some support for C development
this year.
        allen

@_date: 1995-09-02 07:59:29
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Macintosh Users: "SpeedDoubler" 
Just wanted to echo Tim's sentiments.  I purchased SpeedDoubler yesterday
(fifty-something dollars at Computer City) and the speed improvements i've
seen on my PowerMac 7100/66 are impressive.  It's definitely worth the money.
        allen

@_date: 1995-09-03 22:12:51
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: ASN.1 and Kerberos version 5 
I'm not familiar with ASN.1 except for the occasional short piece in various
books.  But i was under the impression that it was similar to the language used
to define TCAP and ROSE standards.  These standards are reasonably well defined.
I've gotten to the point where i get annoyed when working with protocols that
treat everything like abitrarily organized bits and bytes (like NA Cellular
protocols and PGP).
So, would use of the language used to define TCAP and ROSE applications be
a possibility?  I've occasionally thought about developing such a protocol
for PGP.
        allen

@_date: 1995-10-23 07:46:13
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: textbooks 
"Computer Communications Security", Warwick Ford,
PTR Prentice Hall, 0-13-799453-2
        allen

@_date: 1995-11-22 05:06:13
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Are there enough FBI agents to handle Digital Telephony????? 
In addition to the large quantity they want, they also want to be able to
deliver the conversation from a mobile suspect to mobile agents who are
following the suspect.  So even if you use a digital set with "voice
privacy" activated that government car behind you might still be listening
to you.
The FBI's "requirements" present an entertaining set of logistical
problems.  Simply equipping the switches to handle the extra capacity,
especially during busy hour, is problematic.
        allen

@_date: 1996-02-03 17:21:33
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Just what the Internet needs right now... 
This was on the national TV news tonight as well.  I'm still trying to
figure out what planet all these people are from.  Boys and bombs have gone
together at least since i was a boy.  Teenage boys were building pipe bombs
back when i was a teenager, in the seventies, before anyone had heard of
personal computers or the internet.  Of course, i didn't learn about bombs
for blowing up entire buildings until much later, when some television show
mentioned combining diesel fuel with  fertilizer.  This show even got
specific as to the type of fertilizer, but i forgot to take notes.
The only counter-argument than makes any sense to me is that this isn't
new.  Boys have been building bombs for years.  Now they get their
information from the internet instead of the library or older kids down the
street.  The information has always been available.
Of course, there is always the argument about parental responsibility, but
that's not as sexy as the evil internet.
        allen

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:16:10
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: V-Chip Settings Escrow 
When i was a child we were taught in school that our society was better
than the USSR's 'cause (( wow, the CD i'm playing on my computer just said
"shit"! ) er, ah, excuse me ) children were encouraged to spy on their
parents and turn them in and wouldn't it be horrible if we American
children had to do the same.  As an adult in my twenties i discovered that
children were being encouraged to spy on their parents and turn them in
here in the wonderful USA, in the Holy Name of the War on Drugs (everybody
in my family gets their psychotropic drugs by perscription now so we're all
safe).  It's already too late.
Unless there's another youth revolution maybe?  First the twenties, then
the sixties, next the double noughts?  Dare i hope?
        allen

@_date: 1996-02-14 12:57:10
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: CyberAngels 
Don't know if this has been mentioned on this list, since i'm, as usual, a
little behind on my reading.  I found this while out about this while
reading alt.religion.scientology.
The Guardian Angels have decided to enter cyberspace and make it safe for
us all.  They have a FAQ on the web - .  How is this relevant to cypherpunks?  From their FAQ:
"9) What kinds of changes would the Guardian Angels / CyberAngels like to see?
a) We would like to see an improvement in User identification. User ID is
impossible to verify or trace back. The very anonymity of Users is itself
causing an increase in rudeness, sexual abuse, flaming, and crimes like
pedophile activity. We the Net Users must take responsibility for the
problem ourselves. One of our demands is for more accountable User IDs on
the Net. When people are anonymous they are also free to be criminals. In a
riot you see rioters wearing masks to disguise their true identity. The
same thing is happening online. We would like to see User ID much more
thoroughly checked by Internet Service Providers."
Since i'm can't do emphasis in ascii well, i'll quote the interesting
sentence again -
"When people are anonymous they are also free to be criminals."
I've never been a fan of anonymity, but it does have it's legitimate uses.
        allen

@_date: 1996-02-16 11:36:47
@_author: Allen B. Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: AT&T Public Policy Research -- hiring for cypherpunks 
Given that the world of telephony is moving towards Local Number Portability,
isn't it inevitable that the internet will be expected to provide the
equivalent functionality?  In the world of telephones it's being mandated
in the name of local loop competition, which presumably isn't a problem
for the internet.  But if someday i can move across the country and
keep my telephone number, i'd expect the same of my internet address.
That said, the issue of who manages the database is a significant one, but
more political/economic issue than technical.
        allen

@_date: 1996-04-28 18:53:53
@_author: "Allen B. Ethridge" 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, andcyberserap 
No.  "Those who sacrifice security for freedom, will have neither" is
not consistent with Franklin's statement, nor is it true.  Security and
freedom are antithetical, and worse than that, security is always an
illusion.  But you can have your illusion, as long as you keep it out of
my life.  Censor yourself if you wish, but don't censor anything I might
want to look up.
Yeah, right.
Although you don't seem to have mastered propaganda quite yet.

@_date: 1996-05-14 19:56:42
@_author: Allen Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
I can't speak to the honorable senator Exon's situation, but my brother
is being required to provide his fingerprints to prove that he is fit to
be the legal guardian of his wife's daughter.  And it isn't his wife,
currently the sole legal guardian, who is questioning his fitness or
demanding his fingerprints.
And on another thread, if rights are simply restrictions on the
government and not attributes (inate, even) of the individual, then they
are meaningless.

@_date: 1996-05-15 15:25:44
@_author: Allen Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: PRZ /PGP 
I don't mean to be too rude, but what planet do you live on?
Freeware authors are regularly criticized for delays, at least
on the Mac newsgroups.  And nearly everybody in software development
misses deadlines.  Where I've worked, us low level grunts (the guys and
gals with no rights, 'cause we signed them away in our contracts) make
our plans based on the assumption that the schedule will slip.
Management always manages to meet the schedule by changing plans at the
last minute - lengthening the deadline or removing committed features
that didn't make it.  If the software business had to meet deadlines to
survive computers would have ceased to exist several years ago.
Would it be unfair of me to assume that the rest of your points
regarding PRZ are just as specious?

@_date: 1996-05-15 17:37:02
@_author: Allen Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Nature of Rights 
Nice straw men, but not quite to the point.  I was thinking more along
the lines of the often overlooked 9th and 10th Amendments.  And, as you
mentioned in another post, I was discussing the way things should be,
not the way they are.

@_date: 1996-05-22 13:17:17
@_author: Allen Ethridge 
@_subject: Re: Remailers, Copyright, and Scientology 
I've been following alt.religion.scientology mostly for entertainment
reasons, and occasionally to correct some of the false statements about
psychiatry made by Scientologists.  There's more to the story than you
appear to be aware of.  The extra-legal actions didn't originate with
the alleged copyright violations, nor are the legal actions of the cult
limited to protecting their copyrights.  Now that the cypherpunks have
been brought to their attention it's entirely possible that the major
posters on this newsgroup will become the subject of Scientology's, or
rather Religious Technology Center's legal actions.
I believe the original legal action relates to the posting of court
documents that contained cult scripture.  And the cease and desist
letters are sent for what are clearly fair use extracts.  If someone
were to be so unkind as to post a certain six sentences to this
newsgroup we might see toad.com shut down.
Yes, the cult does have a legitimate interest in protecting their
copyrights.  No, the cult does not have a valid reason for using the
heavy-handed legal tactics of which they are so fond.
