
@_date: 1996-01-08 16:36:43
@_author: Evan Ravitz 
@_subject: Re: DNow2 Re: Hammill 1987 speech 
Well put. And where is there a model that works? In Switzerland we have a model of 148 years of true democracy, where the people propose and vote on legislation. One result is that "pork-barrell" is mimimal, because citizens won't vote for it! Libertarians would generally prefer it to government by a parasitic ruling class. And libs could propose and perhaps pass laws to try out their ideas. Here you are limited to begging for mercy. Sure, theoretically, encrypted financial transactions on the 'net will inhibit taxation, but Congress seems likely to nip that in the bud, massive begging notwithstanding.
The 'net could be used for the interaction of true democracy (along with the more available Plain Old Telephone System, fax, paper, etc), as well
as for beggary.
The Swiss experience for 148 years is available for review from the very first link from our web site:
     Evan Ravitz, director,  VOTING BY PHONE FOUNDATION:  evanr
    Electronic democracy! From the directors of the U.S. National Science    Foundation's 1974 Televote trials and Boulder's 1993 ballot initiative:
   A FUTURE PASTURES PRESENTATION (303)440-6838 fon/fax "What government is best? That which teaches us to govern ourselves." -Goethe

@_date: 1996-01-09 01:40:29
@_author: Evan Ravitz 
@_subject: Re: DNow2 Re: Hammill 1987 speech 
As well as the Swiss direct democratic system, at the other end of the scale, the poorest people of the Americas have the same idea. The Zapatista rebels, laboriously "making all the major decisions by the referendum" in 8 Mayan languages in the jungles and mountains of Chiapas, have stood off the US-funded Mexican army for 2 years and a week now.
Here's what Bishop of Chiapas Samuel Ruiz, how the world's foremost exponent of "liberation theology" has to say:
Newsgroups: misc.activism.progressive
contributor Dauno Totoro Taulis interviewed Chiapas Bishop Samuel Ruiz.
LP: Does the indigenous uprising in Chiapas contradict the dream of
justice and fraternity among men and women?
Ruiz: One must look at the facts. Something awaits the world,
something that can come out of all this. Perhaps it is a certain
model, a road to greater citizen participation in the transformation
                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
of their own reality. The EZLN (Zapatista National Liberation Army)
has not called on the people to rise up in arms, it has called on them
to rise up as civic-political actors. It is curious that, after 500
years, when nobody was expecting there to be articulated indigenous
groups but only   "conquered Indians," it is precisely these Indians
who are motivating us to change, to participate.
It is surprising that the most marginalized inhabitants of the
continent, who are on the social floor, are those who are rising up
with the prospects of a transforming success. A voice is being heard
from those living in a culture distinct from the West, from the heart
of the communitarian concept. It is an ancient voice that has never
been heard before--and for this reason appears as a new voice--and it
offers a successful alternative for everyone.
Besides it was always thought that we had to "rescue" the Indians,
that we had to help them, and now they are offering the possibility of
renovation for us.
LP: Isn't it contradictory that to talk of peace, the communities had
to take up arms?
Ruiz: What is new is that those who have risen up in arms did not make
the same decision as the continent's other known armed movements,
which believed that to achieve justice they first had to take power.
The EZLN does not espouse this idea. This is war for peace, a war so
that there is peace, a war in which they are not asking others to rise
up in arms but to rise up as subjects of a transformation.
It is not an armed group talking with a government to reach partial
accords, but a people, an organized civil society, that is
transforming itself through social change. It is a search that has
returned to the subject and protagonist of history, the citizen, the
right and duty for his or her own transformation.
     Evan Ravitz, director,  VOTING BY PHONE FOUNDATION:  evanr
    Electronic democracy! From the directors of the U.S. National Science    Foundation's 1974 Televote trials and Boulder's 1993 ballot initiative:
   A FUTURE PASTURES PRESENTATION (303)440-6838 fon/fax "What government is best? That which teaches us to govern ourselves." -Goethe

@_date: 1996-01-10 02:45:39
@_author: Evan Ravitz 
@_subject: Re: DNow2> Re: DNow2 Re: Hammill 1987 speech 
Carlos Fuentes calls the rebellion the first "post-Communist" revolution. They specifically reject the rhetoric you set up as a straw-man. If you want to actually become informed about reality down there (I lived in Chiapas 2 winters, Guatemala 4), please subscribe to the mailing list that the NY Times says has prevented more Mexican Army massacres:
To subscribe to the chiapas-l list send a message to:   with these words in the body of the message: and leave the subject line empty. You will receive a welcome message with
info on the group *and on how to unsubscribe*. You should save this message for future reference. You can expect several messages per day.
Having lived with Mayans for 6 winters I still have my heart and suggest you don't hold the campesinos responsible for their "emperor's" actions of centuries ago.
Stop fighting the cold war and against the past and transcend virtual reality and see how others really live and act. Or is your ignorance such bliss? My Mayan friends are some of the finest I have.      Evan Ravitz, director,  VOTING BY PHONE FOUNDATION:  evanr
    Electronic democracy! From the directors of the U.S. National Science    Foundation's 1974 Televote trials and Boulder's 1993 ballot initiative:
  A FUTURE PASTURES PRESENTATION. We sell voting systems "What government is best? That which teaches us to govern ourselves." -Goethe
