
@_date: 1994-04-13 00:22:05
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Word has it that Phil Zimmerman, author of PGP, is working on an IBM
compatible program to encrypt telephone conversations with PGP, using
a high speed modem and a sound card.
When I spoke with Phil last (actually, the only time I spoke with
him) in February, he advised me that the program was in beta stage,
and was currently operational with *no* encryption built in...
He indicated that the basic engine (high speed modem and souncard in
an IBM compatible) was working "better than [he] expected."
I can't wait to see this thing when its finished.  Forget clipper-phones,
every American will already have everything they need to have their
own encrypted phone... Yup, just use that multimedia PC that has
been collecting dust except when you pull out the old Encylcopedia CD-
Evidence, Inc.

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:03:43
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
The easiest solution is to include a provision in the rental agreement stating that you won't possess firearms in the apartment.  In addition, include a provision that indicates that the tenant wil consent to any search requested by the landlord.  You could even make these provision optional, such that any tenant can decline to agree to them by checking the appropriate box. (Most tenants in such projects probably won't bother to read them anyway).
Once agreed to, if a tenant refuses to consent to a search, they can be evicted for breaching the rental agreement.  If they consent, and guns are found, they can likewise be evicted.  No criminal prosecution need
ever be initiated....
I'm not sure that all states would permit searches even under these circumstances, but its a basic rule of 4th amendment law that you can consent to warrantless searches.  Getting the consent up front, especially where it could be refused, would eliminate the problem of warrantless searches.  Of course, if you refused consent, the landlords
might just watch you a little more closely...

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:06:09
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: Mail-to-usenet (was: Which remailers like to handle anon mail?) 
I have had difficulty with Utexas as well when I tried it with *.test groups a month ago.

@_date: 1994-04-18 19:09:43
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: BEST Inc. 
Simple solution to this problem, especially if you have strong magnets around.... De-magnitize the card.  If you are a ham operator, you can use the magnetic mount on the basis of your mobile antenna whip.  If you're not, get a big magnet...

@_date: 1994-04-19 18:00:19
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: BEST Inc. 
On final comment about this, it is illegal in many states to deface your driver license "willfully."  Thus, if you were to demagnatize the strip
intentionally, you would likely be committing a crime.  Of course, if your
mom used the refrigerator magnet to put your DL on the 'fridge after you left in on the kitchen table during breakfast and that inadvertantly de-mag'd your DL, there probably is no crime.
Remember, you must be proven guilty.  In such a circumstance, the only way anyone could prove that you were guilty is if you admitted to it.

@_date: 1994-04-26 19:53:14
@_author: "Evidence Inc." 
@_subject: Re: The un-BBS 
I don't really remmeber.  I think they ended up settling-- the guy got a small fine in return for a guilty plea.  But, that is just a guess!
A lot more.  Commercial licenses are expensive, and the number of
frequencies available is smaller.  Also, commercial equipment is more
expensive.  Finally, if it were on commercial freq's, then Amateur Radio
Op's couldn't use it... What would be the point?
Yes, the FCC reg's against commercial transmission only apply to amateur
radio.  If they had been using commercial freq's, it would not have
been illegal.
No, the FCC interpretation was that Amateurs have an obligation to make sure that all transmissions from their stations conform
to the requirements of the FCC Part 97 rules.  Broadcasting encrypted
communcations on amateur radio is itself a violation of the rules.
That's right!! the government has already banned encryption.... on
Ham Radio.
Evidence Inc.
