
@_date: 1992-11-16 01:47:48
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Balancing National Interests 
Reprinted with permission ("do with it as you wish.  Granger") A "Viewpoint " piece in  The Institute, November 1992
Balancing National Interests
  The September/October issue of The Institute carried a front page story
reporting that the Federal Bureau of Investigation is promoting legislation
that would require all telephone systems to be designed in such a way that they
can be wiretapped by law enforcement officials.  The argument is that
wiretapping is a key tool in much of law enforcement, particularly in fields
such as drugs, racketeering, conspiracy and white collar crime, and that unless
care is taken in the design of future telecommunications systems, this tool may
become difficult or impossible to exercise.  To solve this problem the FBI is
promoting legislation that would establish design requirements on future
telephone systems.  Not surprisingly, civil liberties groups and telephone
companies are reported to be less than enthusiastic.
        While interesting and important in its own right, this controversy is
perhaps even more important as a symbol of a broader set of conflicts between a
number of important national interests. As a country, we want to promote:
  * Individual privacy (including the right of citizens and other residents of
the U.S. to keep personal records private, hold private communications with
others, and move about without being "tracked".)
  * Security for organizations (including protection of financial transactions,
and the ability to keep corporate data, plans, and communications
  * Effective domestic law enforcement (including the ability to perform
surveillance of legitimately identified suspects, and the ability to audit and
reconstruct fraudulent activities.)
  * Effective international intelligence gathering (including the ability to
monitor the plans and activities of organizations abroad that may pose a threat
to the U.S. or to other peaceful states and peoples.)
  * Secure world-wide reliable communications for U.S. diplomats and the
military, for U.S. business, and for U.S. citizens in their activities all
around the world (including the ability to maintain and gain access to secure,
reliable, communications channels.)
        Just as with most of our society's other fundamental objectives, these
objectives are in conflict.  You can not maximize them all because getting more
of some involves giving up some of others.  A dynamic tension must be created
that keeps the various objectives properly balanced.  That socially optimal
point of balance may change gradually over time as world conditions and our
society's values evolve.
        An electrical engineer who thinks for a moment about the problem of
achieving any particular specified balance among the various objectives I have
listed will quickly conclude that communications and information technology
design choices lie at the heart of the way in which many of the necessary
tradeoffs will be made.  We would like easy portable communications for all,
but doing that in a way that allows people to keep their legitimate travels
private poses significant design challenges.  Banks and other businesses would
like secure encrypted communications world-wide, but promoting the general
availability of such technologies all around the world severely complicates the
signal intelligence operations of intelligence organizations.
        The troubling thing about the FBI's legislative proposals is not that
they are being made, but that we lack a broader institutional context within
which to evaluate them.  In making such choices, we need to look systematically
at all the legitimate interests that are at stake in telecommunications and
information technology design choices, consider the ways in which technology
and the world are evolving, and integrate all these considerations to arrive at
a reasoned balance.  In the old days, if things got too far out of line in some
balance (for example, between freedom of the press and protection against
liable), the courts simply readjusted things and we went on.  Today, and
increasingly in the future, with many of these balances hard wired into the
basic design of our information and communication systems, it may be much
harder to readjust the balance after the fact.
        There are several organizations that should be working harder on these
issues.  On the government side the Telecommunication and Computing
Technologies Program in the Office of Technology Assessment should be doing
more systematic studies of these tradeoffs to help inform the Congress; The
National Telecommunications and Information Administration in the Department of
Commerce (or some appropriate interagency committee) should be doing similar
studies to develop more coherent and comprehensive executive branch policy; and
the Office of Policy and Plans in the Federal Communications Commission (which
is an independent regulatory agency not directly subject to executive branch
policy) should be giving these issues more attention so it can better support
the Commissioners when they confront such tradeoffs.  On the non-government
side, the Office of Computer and Information Technology at the National
Research Council might appropriately mount a comprehensive study.  There is an
ideal opportunity here for a private foundation to fund an independent
blue-ribbon commission.  Finally, the computer and telecommunications
industries, both individually and collectively through their industry
associations, should be taking more interest in how the country will strike
these all important balances.
                                                        M. Granger Morgan
M. Granger Morgan (F) is head of the Department of Engineering and Public
Policy at Carnegie Mellon University where he is also a Professor in the
Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering and in the H. John Heinz III
School of Public Policy and Management.  He teaches and performs research on a
variety of problems in technology and public policy in which technical issues
are of central importance.

@_date: 1993-02-21 13:27:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Remarks of John Perry Barlow to the First International Symposium on National Security & National Competitiveness 
Remarks of John Perry Barlow
to the First International Symposium on
National Security & National Competitiveness
McLean, Virginia
December 1, 1992
I can't tell you the sense of strangeness that comes over someone who earns
his living writing Grateful Dead songs, addressing people who earn their
livings as many of you do, especially after hearing the last speaker. If
you don't appreciate the irony of our appearing in succession, you have no
sense of irony at all. You and I inhabit very different worlds, but I am
pleased to note, as my presence here strongly suggests, these two worlds
may be growing closer. The reason I am here has absolutely nothing to do with the Grateful Dead.
I'm here because I met a fellow named Mitch Kapor in 1989. Despite obvious
differences, I felt as if we'd both been up in the same saucer or
something...that we shared a sense of computers being more than just better
adding machines or a better typewriters. We saw that computers, connected
together, had the capacity to create an environment which human beings
could and did inhabit. Yesterday, I was encouraged to hear evidence that [former Presidential
Science Advisor] Dr. Jay Keyworth and [Conference Organizer and former CIA
agent] Robert Steele, might have been up in that saucer too.  The people
who share this awareness are natives of the future.  People who have a hard
time with it may always be immigrants.  When Mitch and I saw that computers had created a place, we started asking
some questions about what kind of place it was....what were the operating
terms and conditions of this place, what kinds of people already lived
there, who was going to inhabit it, what was going on in it, did it have a
We decided to name it Cyberspace, after Bill Gibson's description of a
futuristic place rather like it which we found in his novel Neuromancer. Rather than being a figment of Bill's imagination, we felt that Cyberspace
was already up and happening. Indeed, if you're having trouble with the concept, ask yourself where phone
conversation takes place.  That's right. Cyberspace is where you are when
you're on the phone. It's also where most of your money is, unless you keep
it in Krugerands buried out in the garden...which I suppose some folks in
this room might just do.  It's also...and I think this is very important...
the place where the greater part of the world's business is happening now.
So it's a highly significant locale, and yet it's invisible to most of the
people who are in it every day of their lives.  I believe it was Marshall
McLuhan who said, "We don't know who it was that discovered water, but
we're pretty sure it wasn't a fish..."  In any case, when EFF first got together, our principal concern was making
certain the U.S. Constitution applied to Cyberspace.  We could see the
government, specifically the Secret Service, taking actions which made it
obvious that they didn't quite get it.  They didn't seem to be acting out
malice, but they were, at best, differently clued.  They clearly didn't
understand that the First Amendment applied as certainly to bytes as it did
to ink on paper. At the time we thought that we could just hire a few nasty civil liberties
lawyers from New York to put the fear of God in them, and that would be
that.  But it's been like tugging at a thread on your sweater, where you
begin to pull, and pretty soon you have more thread on the ground than on
your back.  It turns out that there are questions raised in this
environment to which we don't have good answers.
Indeed, it turns out that this is a place where the First Amendment...along
with just about every other law on the planet...is a local ordinance. There are no clean jurisdictional boundaries. This is a place which may
always be outside the law. This may be an unwelcome concept, but it is
true, and it is something we will all have to grapple with as society moves
into the virtual world. I believe you folks in the Intelligence Community are going to challenged
by these issues as directly as anyone. This is because intelligence, and
especially the CIA and NSA, are supposed to work under stern guidelines
intended to separate the domestic from the foreign.  You're not supposed to
be conducting domestic surveillance.  Well, in Cyberspace, the difference
between domestic and foreign, in fact the difference between any country
and any other country, the difference between us and them, is extremely
blurry. If it exists at all... This is also an economic environment in which everyone seems to be
everywhere at once.  I hear you're becoming interested in protecting
American Business from foreign espionage. But against this "everywhereness"
it becomes very difficult to say, "Alright, this is our guy, this is
General Motors, we're going to take care of his interests."  Nothing is so
cleanly delineated.   These are a few of the fundamental changes which arise as a result of
literally moving out of the world of experience and onto the map of
information. Another one which is especially pertinent to the people in
this room, is what happens when you have direct e-mail access to every
member of your organization.  This can have a terrifically decentralizing effect on structure.  It
weakens hierarchy.  It flattens the organization.  It can create one hell
of a lot of confusion, even as it speeds response time. There are in this
room representatives of some tall and rigid outfits.  Prepare for the
possibility that your organization is about to go all flat and squishy due
to tenderizing influence of e-mail.
We are also looking at a complete redefinition of ownership and property. I mean, we now have the mind as our principle source of commercial goods.
At last it seems we can we can really get something for nothing.  As
recently as fifteen years ago all new wealth derived from minerals
extraction or agriculture.  Everything else was simply passing it around. No longer must you rip your goods from the ground. You don't have to wait
for the sun to grow some.  New wealth can be had by just sitting around and
rubbing some facts together...essentially what you folks have been doing
all along.  This economy of virtual substance is a fundamental change and
one which you can exploit if you're willing.
We're also looking at some fundamental shifts in the nature of property.
This is going to be relevant to you as you move into a more open
interaction with the rest of the world.  In an information economy, much
depends on the sanctity of copyright. But copyright, it turns out, derives
most of its force from the physical manifestation of intellectual property.
 Copyright protects expression, the thing that happens when you print a
book or press a record.  In Cyberspace, you don't get that manifestation.
It never goes physical.
So the bottles we have been relying on for the protection of our
intellectual goods are disappearing, and, since we've been selling bottles
and not wine all along, we will soon have a lot of wine and nothing to put
it in. Interesting problems will arise. They're already upon us.
In any case, when EFF saw the multitude of things going on in this arena,
we battened ourselves down for the long haul, and we are dealing with a
whole range of issues, including the Open Platform initiative.  Which is
our effort to try to deploy something like universal data service.
We believe that the best thing that could happen for the American economy,
and actually the best thing that could happen for liberty on the Planet
Earth, would be to make everyone capable of jacking in if they want to.  We find that other countries are lagging in this.  For example, the
Japanese see absolutely no use for high speed personal data connections.
The folks at NTT certainly can't see any reason to trade their 70,000
operators on digital switches.  So we have a significant leg up on the
Japanese that is not well known in this country.
Another thing that we are working on is the FBI's Digital Telephony
proposal which is, as you may know, the idea that we should stop all
telecommunications progress in this country in order to accommodate the FBI
is just amazing to me, and yet it somehow manage to live on Congress.  Also, for those of you whose badges say U.S. Government [code for National
Security Agency], we are trying to overturn NSA's data encryption embargo. It's our position that trying to embargo software is like trying to embargo
wind. This is a fact that you are going to have to come to grips with. Digitized information is very to stamp classified or keep contained.
This stuff is incredibly leaky and volatile.  It's almost a life form in
its ability to self-propagate.  If something hits the Net...and it's
something which people on there find interesting...it will spread like a
virus of the mind.  I believe you must simply accept the idea that we are
moving into an environment where any information which is at all
interesting to people is going to get out.  And there will be very little
that you can do about it.  This is not a bad thing in my view, but you may
I'm going to talk a little bit now about the very nature of information. This conference, I must say, has blown me away.  I had no idea there were
people in your [the intelligence] community talking about these things.  I
am pleased and gratified by the folks I have met here and talked to
personally, but I want to reiterate Dr. Keyworth's phrase yesterday: which
is that government, especially  American government, must end its obsession
with secrecy.
We must do so because we are engaged in...and I don't want to use the word
warfare here...we are engaged in form of economic competition where our
principal advantage is our ability to distribute information. It is not our
ability to conceal it.  Perhaps this has always been true. Let me tell you a story. Last year, I
was addressing the computer security establishment at the Department of
Energy.  These are the people in charge of protecting the computers that
nuclear weapons get designed on. The other keynote speaker at this conference was, uh, Edward Teller.
[Laughter.] Yeah, well, I was pretty sure if evil walked the planet, its
name was Edward Teller.  Anyway, I got up and said that I wasn't sure that
DOE's secrecy was an asset.  I wasn't going to say that it was a liability,
so much as beside the point. After all, I know how to make an atomic bomb.
You give me five and a half pounds of weapons grade plutonium and a week in
my garage and I'll give you a nuclear weapon.  It will be dirty, but it
will work.  The problem for anyone who wants to do this is that they can't
get enough industrial capacity ginned up to create the plutonium.  I mean,
I just can't get my high temperature gas diffusion centrifuges to work. Indeed, it takes a whole society to put them together, even if the design
information is available.  It is not the information, which is readily
available, that is crucial.  It is the ability to execute that is the
critical factor.
I was interested to see how Dr. Teller would respond to that. To my
surprise and satisfaction, he got up and agreed with me completely. He went
on to say that he had never found a nuclear secret that the Russians could
not obtain within a year of its development.  Where they couldn't compete
with us was in the areas where we were wide open.  He cited the electronics
industry, saying that at the end of World War II, we were about 20 years
ahead of the Russians in nuclear weapons design, and roughly neck and neck
in the electronics.  Both sides entered a closed program on nuclear weapons design. And we went
into a wild free-for-all in electronics.  I mean, you should know that in
the computer business, there are so many loose lips, you actually have to
really try not to learn what you competitor is up to.  Computer scientists
are the meetingest bunch of people you ever saw, and when they meet, they
tell one anther everything.  The results of this approach speak for themselves.  As Dr. Teller pointed
out, by the time the Russians quit being a threat, they had moved to a
position of parity with us in nuclear weapons, but they were 25 to 30 years
behind us in electronics.
I suspect one reasons for this conference is to figure out how you guys are
going to make your living now that the Party's Over.  I believe the
Intelligence Community still has a role.  We are entering the Information
Age.  And Information, after all, is what you do.  You have an edge in the
field, and I would hate to see you blow your lead.  But there are some serious issues about information which must be dealt
with, and they have almost nothing to do with whether it is open or closed.
 The real questions regarding information relate to usability...whether or
not it is meaningful, whether or not it is relevant, whether or not it
accurate, whether or not it is genuinely useful.  There is, for example, an enormous amount of information on the Net. But
the signal-to-noise ratio on the net is terrible. There's an awful lot of
racket.  So I suppose you do get a kind of secrecy, rather as in those
fancy restaurants with the highly reflective walls, where you can hear the
people shouting at you at your table, but you can't make out what anyone
else is saying for the hub-bub. It's the intimacy of white noise.
You folks have some expertise in an important function: sorting out that
which is relevant from the huge spray of data that is coming at everyone. That is an important problem that is largely overlooked...so far the
software solutions to it don't strike me as being much good.  We talk about
"smart agents" but they aren't smart, they're pretty dumb.  You send them
out and they return with too much.  The problem is that the difference between data and information is meaning,
something machines know little of. To determine whether data are
meaningful, whether they are, in fact, information, you must pass them
through a human mind.  There is also a question of authority, reliability,
and bias.  For example, I think one of the things you will find in using
open sources is that most media are intentionally designed to evoke a
fearful response in the reader.  I mean, fear sells, as well you know.  Perhaps you have an important role in certifying the reliability of
materials in open circulation. Perhaps you are already engaged in it. I
recently got a call from a friend who is an expert on computer networking
in the Confederation of Independent States, or whatever they call what's
left of the Evil Empire these days.  He was in a terrible state. He said,
"I just got visited by the CIA, I don't know what to do. They showed up and
wanted to know all about my most recent report. I'm afraid they're going to
try to make me a CIA agent!" A scary thought, eh?
I told him, "Look, it seems to me you already are a CIA agent." They're
just trying to figure out if you're a good one!" We may find that there are many CIA agents, of widely varying reliability.
The real CIA agents will have the subtler job of finding out which of them
is telling the truth.
The most important problem which the intelligence community must now
confront relates to your own bureaucratic sclerosis and the pace at which
information moves through your honeycomb of secrecy. The future, as IBM is
learning, will be to the supple and swift and not necessarily to the
In a world moving as rapidly as this one, information becomes incredibly
time sensitive. Even if you do...as I think you absolutely must...eliminate
the unnecessary classification within and without your organizations, you
still have all the cumbersome buffers of bureaucracy to contend with. As I was preparing these remarks, I considered coming in here and
suggesting that you break up the CIA into about five different private
companies and go into business.  That's probably too good an idea to
implement.  But it seems worthy of consideration.  There is something that
happens to your sense of urgency when you have a bottom line.  You know
that if you don't deliver, someone else will, which might be exactly the
though to leave you on.
I would like to thank you very much for your indulgence of an entirely
different perspective.  I've genuinely enjoyed this opportunity to get to
know you.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-08-30 02:43:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: CLIPPING CLIPPER by Lance Hoffman, by permission from CACM 
Several people have asked me to post this for
those who do not get Communications
of the Association for Computing Machinery. So here it is, reprinted with
permission from Communications of the ACM,
September 1993, volume 36, number 9.
(This is a version which differs in minor
detail from the one which finally
appeared, and which does not have the
footnotes included in the CACM article. But, otherwise it is substantially the same.)
CLIPPING CLIPPER
Professor Lance J. Hoffman
Department of Electrical Engineering and
Computer Science
The George Washington University
Washington, D. C.
     The FBI is becoming increasingly worried
about the fact that the United
States is technologically close to having
effectively unbreakable encryption
available to individuals.  This will eliminate
its capability to listen in on
specific telephone conversations, even with a
court-authorized warrant under
existing wiretap legislation.  In 1991, it
pushed legislation to to require
significant changes in computer hardware,
software, and communications equipment
so that agents could maintain these
capabilities in the increasingly digital
telephone network [1].  But opposition by
computer and communications companies,
professional societies, and civil libertarians
convinced the Senate to remove the
provision from its crime bill.  Last year, not
one member of Congress was willing
to introduce legislation requiring
telecommunications providers to turn back the
clock and redesign the emerging digital
telecommunications system so that the FBI
could, at some considerable economic cost to
all users, continue to tap, under
court order, certain digital communications
     Now the FBI and its allies in the
intelligence community have persuaded the
President to pursue a course which, if not
reversed, may achieve the same goal by
effectively building "Big Brother"
capabilities into the computer/telephone
network of the future with the "Clipper" chip,
an encryption device with
applications in telephones and other computer
network peripherals [3, 4, 5].
     The Clipper encryption method [6] (see
sidebar) requires escrowing of user
encryption keys with two trusted authorities,
not announced as of this writing. One might anticipate the government will
compound its surprising move with Clipper
by selecting two in-government
executive-branch entities as the escrow
agents. If it does so, there will be further erosion
of the power of Congress to establish
public policy.
     One could, of course, ask whether escrow
technology will be accepted by
computer users who can get the real thing
elsewhere.  Encryption is available
around the world without the burden of key
escrowing -- preliminary survey results
from the Software Publishers Association
revealed 143 non-U.S. and 133 U. S.-based
cryptographic products, many providing DES [7]
and/or RSA [8] capabilities. Moreover, encryption software (including DES
and RSA algorithms and the user-ready
and popular Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) [9]
secure message system) is freely
downloadable from public networks around the
world [10].
     Encryption is becoming increasingly
important.  Persons who wish unescrowed
confidentiality -- both law-abiding persons
and criminals -- will find and use
other encryption schemes to protect
information they wish to keep secure.  After
all, it is not hard to superencrypt messages
with one's own software or hardware
encryption first, not registering any key with
any authority, and very possibly
using an imported device (or software) from
another country.  Increasingly,
travelers use telephones to communicate
information back and forth between
workstations they have never seen before and
their home or office computers; the
threats of eavesdropping and falsification are
much greater than in years past
[11].  These persons can't be expected to
trust a U. S.-developed standard whose
algorithm is secret if they can instead turn
to cryptosystems available elsewhere
with an algorithm that has faced public
scrutiny and whose keys are completely
under control of the user.       The only way a government can prevent
this is by outlawing the use of
encryption methods which are not readable by
the government.  The Administration
admits that this is a fundamental policy
question which "will be considered during
the broad policy review" [12] it has underway. If the government adopts (or, as
it appears now, decrees) such a "Digital
Volstead Act", there will be some
benefits to law enforcement.  In the long term
however, it will have a negative
effect on individual freedom and liberty.  It
might even encourage contempt for
law enforcement on the digital network since
strong cryptographic algorithms are
already available in software, freely
reproducible by all who desire, regardless
of where they live or work.      The Clinton administration should
postpone the introduction of Clipper.  And
Congress should mandate a serious, open,
public review of the issues and options
facing society.  The implications are too
profound to allow the promulgation of
the first partially classified Federal
Information Processing Standard (FIPS)
without appropriate discussion.
     Congress should also move to strengthen
the independence of NIST, which has
apparently not only used the National Security
Agency's skills in cryptography (as
required by the Computer Security Act of 1987)
but also appears to be all too
eager to adopt its policy interests as well. This has resulted in the discussion
of critical issues being framed by the
cryptographic policy specialists at NSA,
who have so far sidestepped Congress and are
protecting their traditional ways of
doing things, while the world is changing all
around them.  They are apparently
reluctant to admit that cryptography and the
policy issues that go with it are now
important enough to merit a full public
debate, or that the genie may be out of
the bottle, or that we now have "a regulatory
structure that goes back to the cold
war and does not recognize the realities of
the present situation" [11].  So they
are using the Clipper initiative to pull off a
"turf coup d'etat".       The issue here is U.S. cryptographic
policy and who controls it, not the
technical merit of the Clipper initiative.
This has far-reaching policy
implications [13, 14] and is not an issue for
the technical community only.
     The Clinton administration has, to its
credit, identified the important
questions and realizes that there are serious
constitutional issues here. Unfortunately, it has picked the wrong player

@_date: 1994-02-18 10:11:11
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: CERT/Whitehouse/Clipper link - smoking gun... 
Posted-Date: Fri, 18 Feb 1994 12:28:53 -0500
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk
X-Organisation: An Teallach Limited
Sender: usenet
Lines: 55
Apparently-To: farber
By God, I knew there was something fishy about that latest CERT
release (the one that referred to things that happened last
November and didn't actually say anything new, but somehow
managed to hit the *WORLD* press extensively within 24 hours)...
Well, here's the smoking gun...
Note the date.
The next day, we see this Whitehouse release:
:THE WHITE HOUSE                                 CONTACT: 202 156-7035
:OFFlCE OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
:EMBARGOED UNTIL 3 PM (EST) FRIDAY, February 4, 1994
:STATEMENT OF THE PRESS SECRETARY
:Information Infrastructure. A digital signature standard will enable
:individuals to transact business electronically rather than having to
:exchange signed paper contracts. The Administration has determined
:that such technology should not be subject to private royalty
:payments, and it will be taking steps to ensure that royalties are not
:required for use of a digital signature. Had digital signatures been in
:widespread use, the recent security problems with the Internet
:would have been avoided.
Note the reference to 'recent security problems with the Internet'.
This is obviously referring to the highly publicised stories in
the press *that day* which were engendered by the CERT report.  Yet
the whitehouse press release was written days before - see the 'embargoed
until Feb 4th' warning at the top.  So the Whitehouse had *prior
knowlege* of the CERT release, and the fact that it would get extensive
press coverage.
I say CERT actively collaborated with the Whitehouse on the pro-clipper
propoganda front, and I challenge them to deny it in a simple unequivocal
PS The statement is also false: digital signatures would have no effect
on network sniffing attacks; but it's just more FUD to strengthen the
Whitehouse hand in a release that was buried in a flood of releases
that day on Clipper.

@_date: 1994-03-14 17:00:32
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: Spy Satellites For Sale -- lots of reasoning here should apply to cryptography 
Resent-From: farber (David Farber)
Posted-Date: Sat, 12 Mar 1994 02:27:15 -0800
 line.  It is from an automated software remailing service operating at
 that address.  Please report problem mail to .
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
Resent-To: farber
Resent-Date: Sat, 12 Mar 94 09:37:14 -0500
The New York Times
Friday, March 11, 1994, p. A1
U.S. TO ALLOW SALE OF THE TECHNOLOGY FOR SPY SATELLITES
Marketing to Private Customers Assailed by
Some Who Fear Use by Hostile Nations
by Edmund L. Andrews
  Washington, March 10 -- The Clinton Administration announced today
that it would allow companies to market sophisticated spy satellite
technology to commercial customers around the world.
  The decision marks a big change from the comparatively strict limits
now imposed on satellite-imaging systems, and it caps more than a year
of intense debate among the Commerce Department, the Pentagon and
Government intelligence agencies.
  The move, which could attract new business worth hundreds of
millions of dollars to American industry, also marks one of the
clearest examples so far of the Administration's intention to
emphasize commercial and economic priorities over more traditional
cold war-era concerns about national security.
Change Raises Concern
  Some security experts questioned the decision to allow wider access
to a technology that has been described as one of the most powerful
tools in America's espionage arsenal.  But others said the technology
was already becoming available in other countries and that American
companies should be allowed to profit from the trend.
  Under the new policy, American companies will be allowed to build
and operate for-profit satellite systems that are powerful enough to
take photographs from 22,300 miles above the earth and depict objects
on the ground as small as one square yard, smaller than a subcompact
car or a hot-dog stand.
  Several American companies, among them the Lockheed Corporation, are
hoping to set up satellite imaging services for customers around the
world.  As envisioned by Lockheed, customers would be able to transmit
instructions directly to the satellite, which would turn its cameras
to the desired location and then beam the images back to the ground.
Such customers might include oil and mining companies and
environmental researchers.
'A New Era'
  Administration officials said that companies would also have greater
freedom to export entire satellite systems to foreign countries,
though such sales will still require approval from the State
  "This is 1994," David J. Barram, Deputy Secretary of Commerce, said
in an interview today.  "This is a new era.  We believe national
security and economic security are intertwined.  In order to have
national security, you have to have vibrant and competitive industries
that are allowed to do what they do best."
  But some experts warned that the decision could severely compromise
national security by letting hostile countries use America's own spy
technology to obtain detailed images of sensitive military
installations in the United States or to plan military activities
elsewhere in the world.
  "The main customers for these systems will be the intelligence
agencies of other countries," predicted John Pike, director of space
policy at the Federation of American Scientists, a nonprofit group
devoted to science and public policy.  "They have fairly strong
safeguards here.  But in practice it is going to be difficult to
prevent North Korea or Iraq from using a front company to gain spy
satellite photos in the same way they acquired nuclear and chemical
missile technology."
  Numerous companies already market commercial satellite images, which
can be used for mapping, geologic surveys and even agricultural
purposes, like remote monitoring of cattle herds.
  But currently, the most sophisticated of these services is offered
by Spot Image, a French company, and it cannot produce photographs
showing land areas smaller than about 10 yards in diameter.  And while
the Spot system is being upgraded, it will still be unable to view
areas smaller than five yards.
  Lockheed and other American companies have been arguing for
permission to operate systems that could depict objects about a square
yard in size, a request that had been resisted by the Central
Intelligence Agency and National Security Agency.
Growing Market
  Despite the agencies' concerns, Administration officials said today
that they fully intended to approve requests like those of Lockheed,
and went on to argue that the higher-resolution images are essential
if any significant commercial market is to be formed.  The Commerce
Department says that remote-sensing services, as they are known,
currently make up a $400 million market worldwide; the market is
expected to grow to about $2 billion by the year 2000.
  Besides Lockheed, two other American companies have sought
permission to operate high-resolution satellite-imaging services.  One
is the Orbital Sciences Corporation, a small rocket and satellite
company based in Dulles, VA.  The other is World View Inc., a start-up
company in Livermore, Calif.
  Administration officials said that while the companies intended to
adopt the precise technology that has long been used on Government spy
satellites, the new policy included a number of safeguards to prevent
the technology from falling into the wrong hands.
  As happens now, the Commerce Department must still approve each
application to operate a commercial satellite surveillance system or
to sell such a system within the United States -- or to market the
services around the world.  Sales of such equipment outside the
country, however, will be subject to the export-control procedures
already in place for products that have military applications, which
means that each sale must be approved by the State Department and that
sales to hostile countries will likely be blocked.  But under the new
policy, the Government would be much more likely to approve spy
satellite exports.
Right to Decode
  To prevent the misuse of satellite data sold by the new commercial
services, the Government said that the companies would have to
maintain a record of every job the satellite had been instructed to
carry out.  Moreover, the satellites cannot scramble their
transmissions with coding technology that the Government cannot
decipher.  An oil company could protect its business secrets -- for
example, by transmitting its exploration photos in scrambled form --
but the Government would have the right to decode them.
  In addition, the new policy leaves room for the Government to shut
down a satellite system during what an Administration statement
described as "periods when national security or international
obligations and/or foreign policies may be compromised."  But industry
officials who supported the new policy said they had been assured by
Commerce Department officials that the country would need to be in a
"Persian Gulf situation" before it began shutting down systems.
  Executives at companies that have pressed for more liberal rules
said the new policy gave them virtually everything they wanted.
  "We are very pleased that the Administration put together such a
forward-thinking policy that allows the application of defense
technology for commercial purposes," said Brian Dailey, vice president
at the Washington office of Lockheed Corporation.
  Gilbert Rye, corporate vice president at Orbital Sciences, echoed
that view.  "It's an outstanding development," he said.
Security Agencies Sign On
  Today's decision was supported, at least in public, by the Defense
Department and other agencies concerned with national security issues

@_date: 1994-04-15 23:26:10
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: Laundering money through commodity futures 
I wonder if anonymous digital cash will really consist of shares in
frozen orange juice futures...
     The Under Pork Belly of Efficient Markets, or
     How to Launder Money Using Cattle Futures
The great promise of electronic networks and virtual communities is a
collection of very efficient markets. In the future, information will be
moved, products will be sold and trades will be executed in a blink of an eye.
This efficiency is usually considered to be a pretty good thing by everyone in
business, in economics or in line at the video store. The underside of this
efficiency, though, is a blurring of the line between legitimate and
illegitimate business.
A good way to understand this effect is to study the case of how to launder
money using the futures markets. Laundering money is an age old problem for
people who want to move funds from person A to person B without leaving a
suspicious trail. Cash is the nieve approach and it has plenty of problems: it
is bulky, it can be lost or stolen, and most importantly it often leaves
people asking "Hey, where did that come from?"
The futures markets, though, make it simple to move funds in a way that is
indistinguishable from ordinary commerce. If it is done correctly, the
recipiant, person A, looks like a lucky stiff or a market savvy investor.
Person B is usually out of the picture or out of luck. The same games can be
played with almost any other market, but futures markets are so efficient that
the process is actually feasible and easy to do.
The basic transaction in futures is to buy or sell a contract for the delivery
of x pounds/barrels/tons/feet of some commodity at y dollars/yen/marks etc. If
you buy a contract, then you're obligated to actually cough up y dollars when
the contract comes due.  Most people don't hold on to the contracts long
enough for them to actually take delivery.  They sell another contract and the
futures market maintains a clearing house that is responsible for matching up
the contracts and cancelling them out. It's a great system. Very efficient and
very useful for farmers, manufacturers and others who actually produce and
consume commodities.
Futures markets are great for laundering money, though, because they can
generate big losses or big gains in a short amount of time. It is quite
possible for $100 to turn into a $5000 gain overnight. The downside is that it
can often turn into a $5000 loss in the same amount of time. In fact, the
market is a zero sum game. If you make n dollars, then there is someone out
there who just lost n dollars. The sum total of the losses and the winnings
equals zero.
This zero sum nature is the key to laundering the money. Person A and Person B
get together and guess that the price for a commodity is going to go up. That
means that who ever buys a contract will make money. So Person A, the intended
recipient buys a contract and Person B sells a contract. If they're right,
then Person A gets the money and Person B loses the same amount.
Bingo. The money moved from B to A and no one can trace how it got there.
Person A looks smart or lucky and Person B looks out of luck. There was no
direct connection between the two. There are thousands of other people out
there winning and losing money at the same time. The marketplace's central
clearing house arranges it so each wins and loses their rightful share.
You may wonder why B bothered to sell a contract and lose money. This is the
safeguard against guessing wrong. No one is correct all of the time. Even the
people who try and rig the markets and corner them get burned as often as they
succeed. The best investors in the futures markets, the ones who make money
time after time, are the arbitrageurs. They spot inefficient pockets and try
and remain neutral to the overall shifts in the market.
Person B sells the contract so that if the market goes down, i.e., the wrong
way, then A and B together have lost no money. It's a zero sum. Now they just
have to play the game a bit longer or for stakes that are twice as high. You
can think of the process as flipping a coin until you have encounter a heads.
Ideally, you play this game with two players with relatively deep
pockets. This means that A can cover the short term loses. This is a
bit of a disadvantage because many money laundering operations must
move cash from the rich to the poor. You can cover up this problem by
using the same broker for A and B. The broker executes the trades and
then assigns the winning trade to A and the losing trade to B. They
fill in the order books after the fact.
Using the same broker for A and B can be problematic because it may look too
suspicious if the mirrored trades appear on the same ledger. The beauty of
this system is that it can look quite indistinguishable from normal business
practices. Many companies actively enter the futures markets to hedge
themselves against foreign currency movements. Others actively enter the
futures markets to guarantee themselves a good supply of their raw materials.
The essential point of this lesson is that fast, efficient markets make it
possible to move money easily. The futures markets were designed so that is no
real other half to every trade. It's literally you against the world with
every trade. The RISKS, of course, is that accountability can vanish as the
size of the crowd grows to be as big as the world. There is no way to catch up
with this. The futures market are so great because there is no need to deal
one on one.
The effects of speed are not only apparent in big financial markets. Credit
cards and overnight delivery are a dangerous combination. You could steal
cards, order a fortune of stuff, arrange for it all to be delivered overnight
and then jump town quickly before people notice the card was gone. Suddenly,
merchants must deal with the fact that something that used to be complete
legitimate (exchanging cash for goods) is now a potential theft.
Of course, there are other crimes that lose their edge. It is much harder to
escape the law by heading to a new town. Computerized fingerprint files are
very, very efficient.
I think everyone felt that perfect, computerized markets would bring about the
right mixture of accountability and efficiency. It would be a perfect mixture
of Big Brotherly scrutiny would take care of everything. Every trade, after
all, is recorded in the futures market. Yet, the best mechanism for anonymous
fund transfer yet discovered exists here in the midsts of all of this record
keeping, legal scrutiny and oversight.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-10-31 00:22:32
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Digicash will not fly (not) 
Pricing is usally set so it includes the 3%. Cash prices are usually by
agreement the same as credit card. Will Digicash be an extra %age or will
the credit card agreements be changed Else it is 3% plus digicash for those
goods that offer the credit card option

@_date: 1995-10-22 16:24:22
@_author: David Farber 
@_subject: Re: airport security 
Ever think that the one real payoff for the ID at airports
is to kill the market for re-sold frequent flyer
certificates and partially used tichets that then get sold
to others (like at most schools)

@_date: 1995-12-28 21:29:50
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: German government orders censorship of CompuServe -- a   sign of things to come djf 
Posted-Date: Wed, 27 Dec 1995 17:47:17 -0500
X-Sender: farber
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT:  William Giles                 Russ Robinson
CompuServe Incorporated              CompuServe Incorporated
           614/ 538-4388                        614/ 538-4274
COMPUSERVE(R) SUSPENDS ACCESS TO SPECIFIC INTERNET NEWSGROUPS
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 28, 1995 -- During the past week, CompuServe Incorporated
temporarily suspended access to more than 200 Internet newsgroups in response to
a direct mandate from the prosecutor s office in Germany.  Each of the
newsgroups that was suspended was specifically identified to CompuServe by the
German authorities as illegal under German criminal law.  CompuServe did not
select any groups or determine the nature of the newsgroups that have been
impacted by this action.          German government officials, as part of an investigation of illegal
material on the Internet, ordered CompuServe to do what was necessary with
respect to specified newsgroups in order to comply with German law.  German
authorities are investigating newsgroups and other Internet content that may
contain child pornography, other pornographic material illegal for adults, as
well as content that although not illegal for adults is of such an explicit
nature that it is illegal for minors.          While access has been suspended, CompuServe continues to work with
German authorities to resolve this matter.  CompuServe cannot alter the content
on the Internet in any way and has only suspended access to the disputed
newsgroups through CIS.  The issues being investigated in Germany, like those
being addressed across the industry, need to remain focused on the individuals
and groups placing content on the Internet.  CompuServe, as an access provider,
is not responsible for the origination or nature of content on the Internet over
which it has no creative or editorial control.
        The global market is vital to CompuServe.  We currently have 500,000
members in Western Europe and anticipate doubling that number in the next year.
As the leading global service, CompuServe must comply with the laws of the many
countries in which we operate.  However, laws in different countries are often in conflict, and this creates new
challenges unique to the emerging online industry.  CompuServe is investigating
ways in which we can restrict user access to selected newsgroups by geographical
location.

@_date: 1996-02-05 02:16:49
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
Posted-Date: Fri, 2 Feb 1996 21:09:19 -0500
X-Sender: farber
X-Proccessed-By: mail2list
Greetings from the Electronic Frontier!
As you likely already know, on Feb. 1 1996 the United States House and
Senate voted on and overwhelmingly passed the Telecommunications Act almost
immediately after being reported out of committee, before the public was
able to read, much less comment upon this bill. The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), decries the forfeiture of free
speech prescribed by the sweeping censorship provisions of the
telecommunications "reform" legislation
EFF is launching a campaign using a blue ribbon as a symbol to visually
communicate support for free speech in the electronic world.  As a provider
of content on the Internet we invite you to join in this awareness campaign
by displaying a link to our "Blue Ribbon" page where we will update what is
happening in the effort to preserve free speech. Pictures, HTML anchors and information on the progress of the campaign are
all available from  Don't wait in silence. Please join the fight against Internet Censorship!!
Dan Brown | System admin for the Electronic Frontier Foundation | brown
    +1 415 436 9EFF Voice || +1 415 436 9993 Fax || +1 415 605 1481 Pager
         (Please leave area code _and_ phone number if you page me!)

@_date: 1996-02-18 08:37:58
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: A Cyberspace Independence Refutation 
The President can not rule anything unconstitutional. He can tell justice
not to enforce it but sometime local federal prosecutors do what they want
and some future administration can decide to enforce it. Only the courts or
the congress can change things for sure.

@_date: 1996-05-20 06:04:44
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Interactive Week exclusive - White House to launch "Clipper III" 
The "White Paper" (if it exists) from the White House is different from the
National Research Report. The NRC is independant from the White House and
the Government.
Reply-To: farber (Dave Farber)
  Please post this message widely
  I am writing to let interested parties know about the imminent release
  of the NRC's study of national cryptography policy.  If
  all goes well, we hope to release it on May 30, 1996.
  However, prior to that time, we won't be able to comment on
  its contents.
  For current information on release, visit the web site
    When you visit that site, you'll have the opportunity to
  be put onto a mailing list so that we can inform you by e-mail
  when the report is available in print and/or electronically, as well
  as any public events associated with the report (e.g., public
  briefings).
  Herb Lin
  Cryptography Policy Study Director
  Computer Science and Telecommunications Board
  National Academy of Sciences/National Research Council
  202-334-2605

@_date: 1996-07-26 16:09:54
@_author: Matt Blaze 
@_subject: IP: NSA RESPONSE TO KEY LENGTH REPORT 
July 18, 1996
There is currently being circulated, to members of Congress and
possibly elsewhere, a four page document entitled ``Brute-Force
Cryptanalytic Attacks'' that calls into question some of the
conclusions of the ``Minimum Key Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers'' white
paper [1].  The document bears no author or organization attribution,
but we are told that it originated from NSA.
The NSA document argues that ``physical realities'' make parallel key
search much more expensive and time consuming than our white paper
estimated.  However, the NSA document appears to have been written
from the perspective of general parallel processing or cryptanalysis
rather than exhaustive key search per se.  It ignores several
elementary principles of parallel processing that apply specifically
to exhaustive key search machines of the type that our white paper
In particular, NSA argues that interconnections, heat dissipation,
input/output bandwidth, and interprocessor communication make it
difficult to ``scale up'' a key search machine by dividing the task
among a large number of small components.  While these factors do
limit the scalability of more general purpose multiprocessor computers
(such as those made by Cray), they do not apply at all to specialized
exhaustive key search machines.  The NSA argument ignores the most
fundamental feature of brute-force key search: the processors
performing the search have no need to communicate with other
components of the system while they perform their share of the search,
and therefore the system has no need for any of the global
interconnections that limit scaling.  Indeed, there is no reason that
all the components of a parallel search machine must be located even
within the same city, let alone the same computer housing.  We note
that one of our co-authors (Eric Thompson, of Access Data, Inc.)
designs and builds medium-scale FPGA-based key search machines with
exactly this loosely-coupled structure, and regularly uses them to
recover keys for clients that include the FBI.
The NSA document also calls into question our cost estimates for ASIC
components, suggesting that ASIC chips of this type cost NSA
approximately $1000.00 each.  However, our $10.00 per chip estimate is
based on an actual price quote from a commercial chip fabrication
vendor for a moderate-size order for an exhaustive search ASIC
designed in 1993 by Michael Wiener [2].  Perhaps NSA could reduce its
own costs by changing vendors.
Finally, the NSA report offers estimates of the time required to
perform exhaustive search using a Cray model T3D supercomputer.  This
is a curious choice, for as our report notes, general-purpose
supercomputers of this type make poor (and uneconomical) key search
engines.  However, even the artificially low performance results for
this machine should give little comfort to the users of 56 bit keys.
According to NSA, 56 bit keys can be searched on such a machine in
less than 453 days.  ``Moore's law'' predicts that it will not be long
before relatively inexpensive general-purpose computers offer similar
computational capability.
     Whitfield Diffie
[1] Blaze, M., Diffie, W., Rivest, R., Schneier, B., Shimomura, T.,
    Thompson, E., and Wiener, M.  ``Minimum Key Lengths for Symmetric
    Key Ciphers for Commercial Security.''  January 1996.  Available
    from ftp://ftp.research.att.com/dist/mab/keylength.txt
[2] Wiener, M.  ``Exhaustive DES Key Search.''  Presented at
    Crypto-93, Santa Barbara, CA.  August 1993.
[Transcription of document circulated to various members of congress
and others in June, 1996, apparently by NSA]
BRUTE-FORCE CRYPTANALYTIC ATTACKS
Two published theoretical estimates of cost versus time to perform
brute-force hardware attacks on selected cryptography key lengths
differ between themselves and differ significantly from what we find
when we buy or build computers to carry out such attacks.
The differences lie in assumptions made in the theoretical estimates,
which are not fully spelled out by the authors, and in scaling up
hypothesized small machines to ever larger ones without accounting for
physical realities.
The factors not accounted for are:
  o R&D costs for the first machine, typically on the order of $10
    million.
  o As more and more chips are added to a machine, two effects occur:
      o Interconnections increase and increase running time;
      o Heat from the chips eventually limit [sic] the size of a
        machine.
  o Memory costs are not included.
  o When get [sic] to the very fast processing speed estimates,
    machines can become Input/Output bound; so [sic] it cannot achieve
    the estimated speed.
  o Assuming every algorithm can be tested in same amount of time and
    key length is the only difference.
Table 1 are [sic] the average time estimates made for a given cost
done by Michael Wiener of Bell Norther Research in 1995.  These are
published in Bruce Schneier's Applied Cryptography book.
Note that these are average times, one-half of the total exhaust time.
Table 2 are [sic] the estimates for total exhaust times using Field
Programmmable Gate Arrays (FPGA) and Application Specific ICs (ASICs)
done for the Business Software Alliance by Blaze, Diffie, Rivest,
Schneier, Shimomura, Thompson, and Wiener in 1996.  In addition to the
above factors not accounted for they have assumed ASICs cost as low as
$10.  We find ASICs more typically cost $1000 and their capabilities
can vary considerably depending upon the specific task.
Table 3 are out estimates based on our experience with a Cray T3D
supercomputer with 1024 nodes.  This machine costs $30 million.
[Tables 1, 2, and 3 not transcribed here.]

@_date: 1996-08-03 05:12:55
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Freeh slimes again: Digital Telephony costs $2 billion now ... 
And I testified in front of the House that their estimate was grossly
understated. I think it is more like 4-5 Billion . I called it the Software
Full Employment Act of 94. (copy of testimony available). djf

@_date: 1996-08-12 08:05:16
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: US Power Outages 
As someone who was married in NYC during the 65 blackout *happened at 1716

@_date: 1996-08-13 06:30:52
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: [off-topic] Re: US Power Outages 
I dnt have the reference handy bit IEEE Spectrum published in about May 66 a
real good description of why the Great Northeast Blackout happened.

@_date: 1996-09-01 20:53:04
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Esther Dyson on Remailers 
EFF does not, to my knowledge, (and I am a Board Member) have an
organizational view on this issue. There are a lot of different views and
each member of EFF has their own view that they can and will state as
private people. The tendency of the Press to label people with organizations
affiliation ship gives the impression of organizational views. For example I
certainly don't speak for the University of Pennsylvania when I say thing to
the newspapers.

@_date: 1996-09-02 05:27:23
@_author: Dave Farber 
@_subject: Re: Esther Dyson on Remailers 
Just for record, Esther's position is NOT necessarily EFFs.
