
@_date: 1993-07-19 04:36:14
@_author: like PGP -c 
@_subject: No Subject 
As I'm taking my first steps towards ethernal freedom, I just wanted to
try this channel with some questions:
1. Cypherpunk-remailers and multi-identities with preserved anonymity.
What if I use >1 identities and don't want them to be associated with neither
my username nor the other identities?
When my mail leaves the last remailer in direction towards me, 'everyone' has
the opportunity to read my mail. Ok, the mail may be encrypted with my
public-key, but there comes the problem, by beeing encrypted with my pub.key
it is also marked with one of my identities, so by monitoring my mail they can connect my 'real' name with pseudonyms I use!
Of course, I can tell the senders to encrypt my mail with a passphrase (like PGP -c) before sending it to me, but that don't work in situations like:
 'If you support these opinions, feel free to mail me , using this header and
  this key...'
I guess it's not that smart to tell them 'Oh, and please encrypt my mail with
PGP -c "secret" first!' ???
I may most certainly have overlooked some details about this, but if not,
I would like to have a command in those remailers like:
Conventional-encryption-password: 'password'
Which invokes PGP -c 'password' on the rest of the message before sending it
to next adress.
2. Server for Anonymous-headers.
My problem with anonymous-headers (that is reversed chains of PGP-encrypted
adresses for remailers) are that they:
Therefor, wouldn't it be nice with servers like the public-keys servers where
you could request the latest header for a pseudonym?
Maybe even be able to mail directly to that server with pseudonym
and get the mail redirected to 'pseudonym'?
3. Protection of remailers.
How are the cypherpunk remailers protected from sec.key-thieves and mail
I mean, their keys can't be protected by passphrases, and they often resides
in multiuser/timesharing systems?
I would certainly make the first attack towards the remailers before trying
brute-force on a 1024-bit RSA-key!
Regards, Henrik

@_date: 1993-07-21 07:35:55
@_author: SHR 
@_subject: Second-Hand-Remailers 
Second Hand Remailers (SHR).
As more users get a taste of the sweet flavor of freedom, more remailers must be connected.
Not only to stand the pressure of the mail, but also to assure the cypherpunks
that they aren't using remailerX.cypherpunks.GOV!
As Mr. Zimmmerman so nice states in the PGP.DOC , we need a grassrot-like
But how do we get this? Keeping a remailer on a system you don't own, are not
THAT appealing for the usual 'heck-I-want-freedom-FREE' person.
The answer is Second Hand Remailers.
A Second Hand Remailer is just like a ordinary cypherpunk remailer, with one difference, it only forwards mail to 'approved' systems, i.e normally
other SHR's or LHR's (Last Hand Remailers, like those existing today.).
In this way, the owner of the account of a SHR will be able to check up ALL
forward-to-adresses before he starts, and thus keeps HIM from getting any flame for pumping GIGs of bad things into the net.
(Since there will only be few LHR's , operators who don't want to have  anonymously postings in their newsgroups/systems can easily keep track of  which to refuse mail from.)
Since the mail only passes thru the SHR's and will not be dropped into the net
by the SHR but rather thru a LHR,
(which, btw even can be a remailer.GOV if you don't care about the reciever and
 don't include any revealing signatures, like encrypting with your public-key.)  the SHR's can't really be blamed for anything.
This fact that you can contribute to the great fight for freedom without risking anything, must certainly appeal to all you cypherpunks?
What we just need is to change the script for the ordinary remailers to first
match the remail-to adress with a aproved list of other remailers.
This should not be hard, should it?
Imagine, if we just can find an easy way for the ordinary user to set up a SHR, there will be no way to stop or track the remailing since there will be
thousands of remailers available and many will be 'friend-of-a-friend's and
maybe not even published.
(you trade SHR adresses with people you trust in the same way as you introduce
 new public keys of people you trust to other by signing them.)
And, when more remailers get's into the scene, there will be a possibility
to make adress-headers by chaining SEVERAL SHR's with one or more LHR's.
The SHR's can be chosen among people who you know and whose computers are
located near you.
But with increasing chains, there will be increasing header-sizes, and there
will most certainly go down some SHR's/day so you have to update your headers
This two fact forces us to install some kind of header-site where you can pick up a fresh adress-header for a given pseudonym, preferly together with
that pseudonym's public key.
(and send your new header when a SHR's you used have bailed out.)
I've said it before, and I'll say it again, we need a service exactly like the
PGP-key server but who also supports adress-headers!
Regards, Faust 		- Ziffer macht frei -

@_date: 1993-08-05 08:13:32
@_author: Johann Faust 
@_subject: ARAs 
Huh, I guess that was me... I thought that was a nice idea, the reason I "forgot" to reply was that I've
read it , thought about it, yes, that would be a nice idea, as long as you
don't have to see the ugly 64-radix-junk in your editor you don't care about
the bandwidth... Then it hit me ... Shit, I gotta go and study so I can get accepted to MIT
and work out a Ph.D under (hopefully) the almighty hero Ron Rivest.
That's the problem , soo much things to do, and soo little time...
(I happend to be one of those students who belives that 1 semester is AT LEAST
equal to 2 semesters :-)).
Anyhow, I'm learning perl now, and working on "improving" (eh, well "hack")
the cypherpunk remailing software, but for the moment my devilish Linux
kernel barfs core as soon as it sees the chain-program...
Anyhow, keep on working on those rfc822 fields, and please keep us informed,
I think it's a good idea, but still, remailers with capability to store
headers associated with a username and forward mail to them are better.
And remember: 		
Signed in Primes, Johann.
