
@_date: 1995-07-27 06:50:36
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Full text of David Chaum's Congressional speech 
A few minor comments on David Chaum's testimony before congress:
The inventor of electronic cash is Mr.  William S.  Powell, who holds
the patent on the electronic cashwatch and whose patent has been stomped
on by numerous and various others because he doesn't have the money to
defend it.  David Chaum's published work was more than 7 years later
than the issue date of the Powell patent.
David's technology notwithstanding, the only way the government can do
this is by eliminating the anonymity associated with cash in favor of a
fully audited system in which all of the transactions are known to the
government.  This is fundamentally at odds with the goal of privacy. It is unlikely that their decisions will be based on their understanding
of technology - it better not be, since they don't understand it. The current technology costs about $500 per chip-card to read and
recreate.  No current purely electronic technology is capable of being
used for a larger value than that under any scheme feasible for
electronic money.
This is not true.  The vast majority of effective current technology in
information security is not tied to cryptography.
The testimony goes on and on, but I'll give up here for now.
-> See:  Info-Sec Heaven using our New Super Secure World-Wide-Web Server
-> Free: Test your system's security (scans deeper than SATAN or ISS!)
---------------------- both at URL:  ----------------------
-> Read: "Protection and Security on the Information Superhighway"

@_date: 1995-07-27 18:52:32
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: cost of attacking cards (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 608       I published this stuf about 4 years ago and calculated $5,000, but
a few months ago I spent some time with one of the top people in this
field and he claimed that $500 was the right figure and backed it up
with some experiments.
This is based on a volume business where we are breaking cards full time.

@_date: 1995-07-28 03:45:54
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: NSA and the NCSA/Apache web servers 
Actually, neither hooks nor encryption are unexportable, you just need
a license to export them.  I got a license to export an RSA encryption
scheme and a general purpose hook into encryption for integrity toolkit.
It took a few months and was not very difficult, but you have to apply.

@_date: 1995-07-28 06:08:21
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Hooks to Crypto> 
They don't want to encourage encryption if they can avoid it.  It
impairs their ability to gather intelligence.
Legal? What makes you think so? It hasn't made it to the courts yet
because people in the US aren't willing to risk jail for over their
right to do it.  The only court case I am aware of was the RSA case and
in that one, the courts ruled against the NSA - but in today's political
and economic environment, people who do cryptography don't want to risk
Not really right.  It's very easy to change a compression hook into an
encryption hook using standard off-the-shelf shareware, public domain
software, or commercial products.
Don't bet on it.  If you really try to export top-flight encryption
technology in a big way, you may find that your government can be
just as opressive as mine.

@_date: 1995-07-28 07:07:28
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Hooks to Crypto 
In my case, I just opted to moving my crypto business outside the US. This is the real result of the crypto policy.  The US is falling behind
the rest of thew world in crypto R+D.  For example, two good crypto
packages for the Internet have been released in the last few months.  I
was engaged in a similar project in the late 80s but abandoned it
because I couldn't export, so the market would not justify the work. Now it is owned by people in EC and Australia who are generous enough to
allow those of us in the US to use them.
Of course, I can't post them in info-sec heaven because even imported
crypto software may not be exported, and I cannot adequately detect the
difference between a foreign person using a US site to get the
information and a legitimate US site getting the information for itself. In other words, the policy prevents US firms from having better Internet
resources in the info-sec arena.
Right - in other words, nothing can be exported if it produces output
and takes input.  The point is, they want a way to arrest people who are
doing something they don't like.  Philo Zimmerman would almost certainly
win if they ever took him to court, but by harassing him in this more
subtle way, they destroy the impact of PGP in the marketplace, get MIT
to support an official (and perhaps customized for the NSA to have weak
keys) version, and prevent others from following in Phil's footsteps. So the strategy works until some brave person risks enough top get past
All true, but as the saying goes:
Representative democracy is a terrible form of government,
but every other form of government we know of is even worse.

@_date: 1995-07-28 15:29:02
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
How (specifically) do you know that this is true?  Key generation is
very tricky stuf, and very subtle changes can have very profound impacts.
I doubt that Zimmerman's original was truly perfect at this either, but
how do we really know?

@_date: 1995-07-29 04:37:31
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: NO reasno whatsoever for the MILITARY to use an intentionally WEAK encryption system. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 3694      thing.  There are more than 2.5 million computers (est.) in the DoD, and
to put in and manage a cryptosystem for this large a network is a very
difficult and expensive proposition. installation) that's $250 million, but that only covers relatively low
bandwidth communications.  The vast majority of systems use Ethernets
and similar things where encryption is far more expensive - but we'll
ignore that for now.
secure distributed key management database capable of handling 2.5
million public keys.  No current system I am aware of can do this, so
there is a substantial R+D problem out there.  Then we have to put hooks
into every different OS used in the DoD to allow this to work properly. Then we have issues like synchorinization and man-in-the-middle attacks
to worry about.  Any of these could take out the crypto-systems, which
are (in today's world) less reliable than standard communications.
which in the military domain means we will lose the war, but nobody will
be able to tell us why, because they will never be able to decrypt all
the details.
information worthy of the real costs and complexities associated with the
technology - just as any organization should strive to do.
warfare.  The pace of the action is far more important, the availability
of select information at the right place at the right time is far more
important, the ability to deny information to the enemy is far more
important, the accuracy and timeliness of the information is far more
important, and on and on.  If you really want to know more about this, you
should read:
sell the equipment to other nations who resell them to those who try to
use the techynology against us.  The best cryptosystem for the NSA is one
that only they can break.
How much would you like to make that bet for?

@_date: 1995-07-29 08:41:42
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: what the military does and why (re: cryptography) 
Perhaps if you reviewed the material on which my comments are based, you
would have a different opinion, and perhaps not, but to make your
comment based on an apparent lack of knowledge of the basis for my
opinions indicates both a lack of willingness to spend the necessary
effort checking before you make such statements and a lack of desire to
engage in more than rank speculation.
To get an idea of the basis for my comments, you might start by reading
some of my writings and look through the citations I use as a basis for
my opinions.  If you would like a reading list, look under Management
Analytics in my W3 site:

@_date: 1995-07-29 10:43:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: what the military does and why (re: cryptography) 
I could tell you, but then I'd have to shoot you.
Just because you don't know why they are classified that way doesn't
make the classifications invalid, and furthermore, I don't recall saying
that the DoD is perfect.  What I said was that they can't cost
effectively encrypt all information and that they also have requirements
that may make cryptography inapporpriate in certain circumstances, so
they have policies and perform risk analysis on what to spend money
protecting with cryptography. Even a monkey eventually types truly wise statements given enough time.

@_date: 1995-07-31 07:43:38
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Well, not exactly random starting points.  Starting points generated by
user keystrokes with characteristics that may be analyzed so as to
reduce the key space to a searchable size, starting points that are
determined by a transformation of those keystroke sequences using an
algorithm, starting points that are determined by an algorithm that uses
a deterministic (albeit complex) algorithm which performs input and
output based on timeslices and interrupt mechanisms and queues that may
tend to alter the statistics of arrival times.
The term paranoid is inappropriate in this context.  Paranoia refers to
an irrational fear, while I am expressing a rational concern over a
system that has been taken over by a (partially) government funded
university and which has not been properly verified.  The history of
cryptography (as they say) is (quite literally) littered with the dead
bodies of people killed because somebody else thought a cryptosystem was
good enough when it was not.

@_date: 1995-07-31 15:59:19
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: a hole in PGP 
My assertion regarding weakness of the key generation algorithm was not
related to the response you gave.  As a result, it appears that you are
avoiding the issue.  This looks bad if you are, as you claim, maintaining
a legitimate algorithm.  Perhaps you would be better served by addressing
the specifics of my comments - to wit: What makes you think PGPs method
of getting seeds does not lead to a limited key space that is within the
realm of modern computers to search?
program is the wrong tactic for secure programs.  If you want people to
believe that a program is secure, you had better come up with good
reasons that it is secure, and not hide behind "if you can't find any
holes, it must be secure".
change, but rather by the subtle use of some technique that appears to
do one thing when it actually does something else.  As a good example, a
subtle interation with the rest of the environment could modify the key
generation algorithm after it is loaded.  Unfortunately, PGP is too
large to verify against such back doors, so I ask again:
backdoors and is not subject to attacks such as the one outlined in my
previous posting?

@_date: 1995-07-31 17:14:30
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
One of the several points I tried (apparently unsuccessfully) to make is
that with a program that large, it is impractical to verify that there
are no subtle back doors - regardless of how knowledgeable or skilled
you or I may be.  Your "assumption of security" perspective is an
inappropriate one unless you are trying to get people to use something
that is not secure. The headers on the postings allow you to ignore them, but in the
meanwhile, the subject matter is in line with this forum, and the
questions are legitimate.  You will have to do better than to appeal to
authority to convince anyone that MIT's version of PGP is secure.
Why (specifically) do you think so? Because you claim it? Because the
MIT maintainer claims it? You say MIT is not associated with the NSA,
but they have historically been funded by the NSA and other federal
agencies for work on information security.  Do you really think that the
only information protected by PGP is dirty pictures? Do you somehow
think that MIT and the NSA are above that sort of thing? All you have to
do is look at history, and it should be clear that this appeal to
authority is often used by those trying to cover things up.  If you know
something about PGPs security that you aren't telling us, don't beat
around the bush about it.  Come out and say it.  Tell us that you have
proven that PGP has no backdoors and what method you used to do that. Tell us that you have hand verified all the code and that none of it
overwrites the key generation process and tell us how you verified it.
It cannot be safely assumed that any program is clean or that any one
person or group is not involved with intentionally subverting security.
That violates the fundamental principles of information protection.

@_date: 1995-07-31 17:56:16
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
History shows that your approach fails. Here are some examples:
Request for Comments: 1750 - Randomness Recommendations for Security
"...Choosing random quantities to foil a resourceful and motivated
adversary is surprisingly difficult.  ...recommends the use of truly
random hardware techniques and shows that the existing hardware on many
systems can be used for this purpose."
PGP does not use "truly random hardware techniques"
"...For the present, the lack of generally available facilities for
generating such unpredictable numbers is an open wound in the design of
cryptographic software.  ...  the only safe strategy so far has been to
force the local installation to supply a suitable routine to generate
random numbers.  To say the least, this is an awkward, error-prone and
unpalatable solution." - 1994 - after PGP was implemented.
and then: "This informational document suggests techniques for producing
random quantities that will be resistant to such attack.  It recommends
that future systems include hardware random number generation or provide
access to existing hardware that can be used for this purpose."
"...Systems like Kerberos, PEM, PGP, etc.  are maturing and becoming a
part of the network landscape [PEM].  These systems provide substantial
protection against snooping and spoofing.  However, there is a potential
flaw.  At the heart of all cryptographic systems is the generation of
secret, unguessable (i.e., random) numbers. "
(Internet RFCs are searchable at So I guess the RFC supports my contention and not yours.
You might be, but even if you are not, that doesn't mean there are no
back doors.  Your inability to detect a backdoor gives me little
confidence, since this is at least an NP-complete problem and, with all
due respect, today, nobody can prove that PGP is free of backdoors
But the RFC acknowledges that these methods are highly suspect and should
not be trusted.
Ph.D. Electrical and Computer Engineering, U. of Southern California, 1986,
subject "Computer Viruses".  My complete resume is available through the W3
server (below) under Management Analytics.

@_date: 1995-07-31 18:10:12
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
More accurately, you cannot prove a forall statement about an infinite
set by demonstrating examples - but you can disprove it with a single
refutation, however, your argument is incorrect in this context.
Since computers current digital computers (and programs) are (close to)
finite state machines, we can prove many forall statements.  But even
more to the point, it is the job of the person asking you to trust them
to justify that trust.  If you trust them with a less-than-adequate
basis, you have only yourself to blame when you get burned. That's me - a tinker-toy logician.  But why do you believe that PGP can be
trusted?  Because someone told you so in email on an Internet forum?  I
would hate to bet billions of dollars a day and the lives of hundreds of
thousands of people on that judgement.
Ah!!! A threat.  You should be aware that threatening homocide is a form
of assault.  I will be certain to tell the FBI your exact words...  "the
kill-file, the bozo-filter, more rudely, a ." sounds to me
(and may well sound to them) like a threat to commit murder. I am being nice, but you are not.  Perhaps you should consider
addressing the issues.

@_date: 1995-07-31 18:26:47
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
Excellent assessment - I wholely agree with it.
A reasonable response.  My question is: Why do you think that the key
generation algorithm used by PGP is secure? Specifically, how do we know
there is no subtle back door that reduces the problem of testing the
typical key space to a solvable problem in today's technology?
I don't believe I made ANY "vague, wild, unsupported claims" however,
that is certainly a matter of opinion.
Excellent - have you looked at the white paper describing the secure
"get-only" W3 server available under What's New at  I
think that this is a step in the right direction toward demonstrating
more about a program than that it runs most of the time and seems to
give reasonable answers.  Perhaps someone would like to make similar
demonstrations for PGP.
Under what analysis do you construe "It cannot be safely assumed" as
I don't know you any more than you know me.  We are both just mail
sources on the Internet.  Why do you consider it reasonable to assume
that we should all trust statements made by people we do not know and
have not met based on their assertion that they think a cryptosystem is
safe and free of back doors?  If I add a PGP signature, does it make
me any more trustworthy?
And I should trust you to tell me that PGP is safe for me to use?

@_date: 1995-07-31 19:56:43
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
I don't believe I actually said any such thing.  Perhaps you are not
reading (or I am not writing) carefully enough.  All I think I did was
ask why I should believe they have not when they or those like them have
done it before. PGP is a product that is specifically disliked by the powers that be
because it provides free access to strong cryptography which is against
the public policy of the US government.  That means that people in that
same said government likely feel it is their duty to make certain that
they can still read PGP mail.
I didn't mean to be hurtful, but I did and do mean to ask why we should
believe that PGP is secure.  Their blind faith is not adequate for the
level of trust being put in PGP - even if they are really sincere.
In terms of implication, I don't believe I implied any such thing.  I
only asked why we should trust them with our individual freedom.
I obviously disagree, but I still haven't heard a single response along
the lines of "here's why we believe it is secure..." I have heard lots
of responses along the lines of "believe us or convince yourself..." and
"read a 'Request for Comments' and that explains it all", but those
leads have not panned out - so far, the RFC tells us that PGP is not
secure and the convince yourself argument holds no water.
The fact is, you seem to support the idea that PGP is secure without a
reasonable basis, and when pushed a bit harder, agree that it probably
is not secure. How is it "unscholarly, unprofessional, needlessly personal, and just
plain insulting" to question the idea that hundreds of thousands of
people are trusting their freedom to software that is probably not
secure? I think it is highly unprofessional to try to claim that PGP is
secure and to try to bolster that position by claiming that some
"Request for Comments" supports it when that same said RFC refutes it.
It has been my general impression that "scholarly" means, among other
things, questioning the status quo and finding out where the generally
accepted ideas break down.  I am a professional in the field of
information protection, and I consider it highly unprofessional in this
field to assume that systems are secure without ample evidence to
support it.
So far, I see no ample evidence to support the security of PGP's key
generation algorithm relative to the concerns I have expressed.  Those
concerns are fairly specific as far as I am concerned, but if you feel I
have to demonstrate a specific attack that works in order to question
the adequacy of protection, I think you have it backwards.
If the people at MIT feel personally insulted because I have questioned
their previously accepted ideas, it's just too bad.  I didn't say they
had bad breath or that they were arogant or that they were ugly, all I
said was that their professional opinions seem to lack adequate
foundation when subjected to scrutiny.  This is professional comment,
not a personal one. As far as the potential that they are working with the NSA to subvert
personal privacy, it is a potential, just as it is a potential that I am
working with the NSA to undermine confidence in PGP.  The issue is and
should be, why (specifically) do you believe that PGP is secure.
This is how professionals deal with these sorts of questions:

@_date: 1995-07-31 20:04:22
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] was Re: a hole in PGP 
So you claim that software is secure unless it has been shown to be
insecure, while I claim it is insecure unless it has been shown to be
secure.  Which position do you think more sensible? (rhetorical
question, does not require any responses).

@_date: 1995-07-31 20:58:04
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Stopped at the boarder 
Not for many hours, but we had an interesting non-discussion, and there
was a really thorough search of my bags (every piece of paper was
individually examined in great detail and a guard was subtly added to
the other side of the line).  They looked at every slide, checked out
the bags themselves for secret compartments, but the one thing they
didn't do was check the contrnts of my floppy disks.  Istn't technology

@_date: 1995-08-01 04:54:41
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP?  NOT! 
Sorry for the long reply.  I hpe this will be taken off-line soon.
This is a true statement.  Tens of thousands of people have dies because
cryptosystems were trusted when they should not have been (hind sight
being 20/20 of course). So you believe that there are no backdoors because it was released from
Europe and people have looked at it since.
I think that you miss the point.  If you worked for the NSA, you would
probably say this as well.  The point is that, for the purposes of
looking at the security of PGP, we should assume that you have evil
intent, whether you do or not.
I didn't say that the NSA bought you.  I asked " Why (specifically)..."
The question mark at the end is a dead give-away.  It is factually
accurate that government agencies have gotten the cooperation of
academics in the past to carry out subversions in order to further their
goals.  I asked "Do you somehow think that MIT and the NSA are above
that sort of thing?"  You apparently do, but history tell us that it is
imprudent to do this.
So if there has been a failure in communications in this respect, I
appologize for not making it as clear as I might have.  If you feel
personally slighted, I am sorry that you feel this way.  Nevertheless, I
believe that it is prudent to believe that the NSA has "bought you" for
the purpose of assessing the security of PGP and to ask the question
"Why (specifically) do you think so?"
I have not refused to do any such thing.  I have had a copy of PGP for
quite some time, but it is too large and complex for me to verify by
hand, and I know of no automated technique that can do the job in any
reasonable amount of time.  I was probably wrong to assume that this was
I think it would be prudent to do and publish a line-by-line walkthrough
of the source of PGP (although not to the whole list please).  You
should be trying to prove properties such as the non-interference of any
of the rest of the code with the key generation (or other) algorithms. This may be done by an information flow analysis similar to what was
done on our secure W3 server.  It would also be prudent to perform
adequate tests of the properties of inputs from people to determine the
true information content of the seeds and to publish these results so
they can be critiqued.  Perhaps it would also be valuable to have the
members of this list contribute ideas about properties they think would
be worth verifying.
The problem is that merely shipping however many lines of source code
does little to demonstrate its propriety.  A publicly posted version of
the source for IRC, for example, had an obvious Trojan horse that wasn't
detected for more than 6 months and was actively being used to attack
systems over the entire period.  In order to assess the source code, it
is necessary to also publish appropriate demonstrations of WHY it is
But don't you see? If I introduce a subtle backdoor and make it look
like a bug, I have plausible deniability.  Since I, as an independent
observer, cannot tell whether the hole is intentional or accidental, I
should, for the purposes of considering security, assume that it is
intentional. But how can I, as an independent observer, tell if it is an accident or
a cleaverly intentional subversion? I cannot look into your brain and
tell the difference, and no statement you make can reasonably convince
me.  They may not be the same, but they are not differentiable by an
independent observer.  From a scientific point of view, they are the
same.  From a humanistic point of view they may be different.
You have it backwards.  You show me that the techniques you claim to be
truely random are indeed that.  Supposedly random number generators have
been created for many years, and plenty of them have been broken after
many years of being held to be secure with the algorithm and the full
details available for all to see.
But I cannot prove that it is secure.  In fact, I believe that it is not!
That's exactly what the Germans said about the Enigma and others have
been saying about cryptosystems for the past 4,000+ years.  They have
been shown wrong again and again, and as a result, people like me want
more than just an "I believe it's secure".
It takes years of practice.
I agree that it is often easier to break into the computer to get the
keys than it is to break the cryptosystem.  That was my next bone to
pick with PGP - the way it stores the keys.  But I'll save that for
another day. For example, you can generate the most probable 10^40 or so input
sequences, do key generation, and test against them to find out if the
user's key is one of them.  The question I am posing could be considered
as a question of the information content of the original input to PGP's
key generation process.
How could this be subtly altered by a person responsible for maintaining
PGP or detected and not repaired by same? For example, a loop index
could be calculated incorrectly by having a different part of PGP
overwrite the loop index using an incorrect ponter conversion.  Then the
loop that uses all of the input bits would be subtly altered so as to
use fewer of them.  The results would still look random but the total
search space would be reduced to the point where a good supercomputer
could run through it in only a few hours.
And history tells us that the U.S.  government does this quite often. They are actively trying to harass PGP's author using a variety of what
could be reasonably called dirty tricks, they are actively trying to
prevent the use of good cryptography in the US, and they are actively
trying to make certain uses of cryptography illegal.  Why should I
believe that they would not also try to subvert PGP?
What I don't like is people that state it is secure but can't back it up
with real facts.  Why (specifically) do you believe PGP is secure?
Forget your ego and the posturing about how you are not working for the
NSA and come up with a really good demonstration of the reason PGP is
secure, and I will be very quick to commend you.
Fair enough.  A useful first step would be to demonstrate the real
information content of the keystrokes and timings entered by the user
across a reasonable number of different platforms, users, and trials.
That would start to address the potential that there is a fundamental
mistake in (or intentional corruption of) the input process.
The demonstrations described earler would also be worthwhile in
demonstrating the lack of subtle interaction among the parts of PGP (I
refer to the information flow analysis).
After that, you should solicit other ideas from as wide an audience as
possible to see what sorts of properties should be considered for this
sort of program, and go about picking the most important ones first, and
so on.  I would be happy to discuss further details off-line.
Not a thought experiment, the Turing award paper in 1984 - came out just
a little bit after the IFIP conference in which computer viruses were
first publicly described and analyzed. I think there is good supporting historical evidence for my questions.
But I don't believe I have made any "claims".

@_date: 1995-08-01 05:19:42
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
Nor do I.
But in practice, PGP is not used this way by the masses.  They use standard
distributions withou alteration.
That is my interpretation, however, reasonable people may differ...
Sounds like this is not very random - I agree that "the user may provide
highly repetitive input".  Just because one type of input is more
repetitive, doesn't make the other truely random.
You left out "with some qualifications".  This is the part where I have concern.
You missed the "but conservative assumptions need to be made" part.  Hundreds
of random bits are possible, but how many actual bits of content are contained in
PGP input.
You missed the "However, it may still fail against a high grade attack
on small single user systems, especially if the adversary has ever been
able to observe the generation process in the past.  A hardware based
random source is still preferable." part and your reliance on the term
"may" as "does" is overly optimistic.
Not demands - questions.  Why is it that you are unwilling to take
questions as questions and instead translate them into demands? You
could have answered my questions without all the other side comments. Why didn't you? I interpret this as being defensive, which means to me
that you are not as sure as you outwardly indicate and that there may be
some lingering issues.  So I ask more questions.  You respond with more
posturing and fewer answers, so I become even more concerned.
It's probably my fault for not asking them in the way you are used to
hearing them, or maybe we are all over-sensitive about our work.
Which is why we need very small programs (which PGP is not) that do the
security-critical functions.  We can then analyze these programs and
determine many important properties with regard to their security, which
we cannot do with PGP.
Thank you, but I think it may be too hard to do for a much larger piece
of code.  There is another gentleman who is now working on formally (and
automatically) verifying these properties.  Perhaps his results will be of
value in your problem and similar problems for other programs.
I think that some of the popular literature sections may be considered
pornography (Fanny Hill, the Kama Sutra, etc.) and in order to comply
with the applicable laws, I thought it would be prudent to warn off our
fragile youth.
And if enough of those on this list feel that this discussion and my postings
are too commercial or too abusive to take, I am certain that Brent will send
you a free copy of his Fred filter.

@_date: 1995-08-01 12:19:05
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Provably Correct Crypto? 
This issue is an interesting one and one worthy of being addressed. There are a couple of concerns here (I approximately quote from a
submitted paper on the secure W3 server with quotation marks):
Concern 1:
Concern 2:
I pretty much believe that Concern 1 should be addressed by all programs
that claim to be secure.  That is, subject to the rest of the world woking
right, the secure program works right.
I believe that concern 2 should be addressed by all programs that claim
to be secure in a particular environment.  That is, beyond being secure
assuming the environment is secure, we might want to eliminate the
assumption about the environment by showing it to be justified.  In
terms of attacking systems, it is necessaary to subvert many different
environments for this issue to be important for widespread use of PGP,
or at least to subvert several of the more common environments (such as
what the Thompson c compiler mentioned in his Turing award talk did).
I think that this issue can generally be addressed by a divide and
conquer strategy.  Prove that the called routines are correct and
confined under all possible parameters, do the same for the calling
routines, do the same for the interaction between them, and I think you
have it.  This is pretty easy for one or two routines, but when you take
the OS into account, the C compiler into account, the program itself
into account, and the external environment into account, you run into
some serious limitations.  For example, you may (in some cases) have to
show that under all possible sequences of interrupt timings and stack
conditions, the system operates correctly (which almost none currently
do).  Unless you design with this sort of thing in mind, it's very hard
to demonstrate these properties even for limited subproblems.

@_date: 1995-08-01 13:19:33
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: What do I use? 
I use different techniques when different levels of protection are
required, and I definately don't use the Internet for anything that is
really vital because of the ease of gaining intelligence indicators
based on traffic analysis.
I commonly use FAX machines from non-fixed locations for point-to-point
communications where I don't want it to be tapped from my end.  I often
use telephone lines with modems for other secure communications
depending on the requirements.  I have used DES for some limited items
with the key sent over a separate channel, RSA for short time-limited
secure messages, one-time-pads for certain really critical stuf between
myself and a single other trusted party, special secure telephones as
required by organizations for select communications, various custom
ciphers for communication with parties who have special requirements,
dictionary and codebook ciphers on rare occasions, wheel ciphers of
various sorts, a variety of custom authentication ciphers, and who knows
what else. I never recommend a solution without knowing a fair amount about the
specific challenge it is supposed to address.  I typically start with an
understanding of the general environment, the financial and/or human
issues, the threat profile, the protection environment, the other
dependencies and protection factors, and other factors related to the
reasons for protection.  Once I have this understanding, I make value
judgements about how much I trust things relative to the requirement for
trust and other limitations presented by the situation.
Sorry I can't give you a pat answer like "I use Joe's Cryptobox", but
that's just the way it is.

@_date: 1995-08-01 14:03:18
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: What do I use? 
That's a tough one.  I generally follow the supreme court's view of not
handling hypotheticals, but I will give you some ideas about my view. I think that PGP is almost always suitable for casual conversation that
is to be kept from casual snooping.  Without specifically recommending
its use in any particular situation, I generally think that it is
suitable for select applications where:
I think that PGP is an excellent tool in many ways, however, I have
numerous difficulties with the lack of adequate interface to it in other
packages.  I am not really keen on its keyring concepts and other
similar things, but that's not a real issue in this frame of reference. I have serious concerns about the fact that use of this system does not
prohibit people who are not knowledgeable about the limitations of
public key cryptography from using it in ways that may result in the
revelation or weakening of private keys or other similar potential
problems.  For that reason, I would not advise the use of PGP for any
non-casual application outside of the context of a comprehensive
information protection program designed to provide assurance of its
proper generation, configuration, installation, application, and use.
There are almost certainly other concerns that I would express in an
evaluation for any particular purpose.

@_date: 1995-08-01 16:24:08
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Provably Correct Crypto? 
The reason to believe that thttpd fulfills the claims it makes is
provided in some detail in the white paper on our server (see what's new
under   A slightly more detailed version has been
submitted for a journal article, and hopefully will appear in a year or
Certainly compiling it yourself would not in any way help you assert its
security, however it would help you assure that the compiled version (which
we don't provide on-line) is not an altered executable.
I would detail the full set of claims here, but this is not the proper
forum for general security issues.  Of course if there is popular
support, I would be glad to... Instead, I will briefly outline it here:
The basic reason that thttpd can be verified to fulfill the claimed
security properties relate to some well thought-of and mathemtically
proven theories about information flow.  Specifically:
The next logical question is why those are worthwhile things to show,
and I won't get into these details here without further prompting.
I welcome your questions about "why" as I always do.  I think that
this is a very important question and one worth following up.
I didn't say that.  Perhaps you should review what I said before
characterizing it.
I have shown (not yet proven) certain things.  A graduate student is now
working on trying to prove the various properties I believe to be of
interest in an automatic theorum prover he is working on.  I believe
that these things are worth showing (and proving), but you may certainly
feel free to disagree with these contentions.
I don't believe I ever asked anyone on this list to repeat anything. All I did was ask questions and respond to responses to my questions.

@_date: 1995-08-02 01:36:55
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Provably Correct Crypto? 
I think so.  From my understanding, it basically says that, in the
general system, you can write a legitimate expression that expresses its
own illegitimacy, or in other words that the general system is
incomplete "...in the sense that it fails to provide a proof for every
formula which is true under the interpretation..." (quoted from
"Introduction to Metamathematics" by S.C.  Kleene 1952,...,1980)
But I think you misinterpret this.  This does not mean that no program
can be proven to meet any properties.  It means that, among other
things, there are an infinite number of infinite expressions that cannot
be proven, but it does not mean that a finite expression (e.g., a
typical modern program) cannot be proven to meet all sorts of
In particular, for certain classes of programs, proofs about the flow of
information are not exceedingly complex to establish.  In general (as
was proven in the early 1980s), tracking information flow in a program
is NP-complete, however, in a program designed to limit information flow
this can be very straight forward (in fact I think it may be linear time
and space).  By proving that information doesn't flow from place to
place, we can essentially prove that information in one place does not
affect information in another place (by information thoeory), and
therefore greatly reduce the complexity of demonstrating various things
of particular interest to information security - to wit - that item A
doesn't corrupt item B, and that information in item A is not leaked to
item B.
In the case of the http daemon, it is a relatively small program of less
than 80 lines designed to be secure in various ways.  In the case of PGP
it is a relatively larger program that it not designed to be secure.
How is it fraudulent to accurately state the facts?

@_date: 1995-08-02 01:38:20
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Provably Correct Crypto? 
The difference between my response to your question and your responses
to my questions is that I tried to answer your questions.
I don't see wher I said anything about formal specification here or Z-specs.
It's true that proof of correctness for large systems is a hard problem, and
that is one of the reasons that the secure http daemon is designed to be small.
However, the same has not been shown (as far as I am aware) for many of the
other properties that may be interesting from a security standpoint.
Problems worthy of attack, prove their worth by fighting back - Alan Perlis
I never said it was and he is not my grad student.  He is a grad student
who made some comments on the daemons and decided he would be interested
in seeing if some of these properties could be proven.
And I told you that we are in the process of, but not finished with, doing
just that.  I never said that any such problems reside solely in PGP.
If you are tired of hearing my responses to your comments, there is an
obvious solution.

@_date: 1995-08-05 05:24:27
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: There's a hole in your reasonoing 
You hit the nail right on the head when you said:
That's exactly the point.  We cannot prove programs with general purpose
functionality to be secure, becasue they are not.  But we may well be
able to prove a lot of security properties about programs that are not
general purpose.  For example, a Web server that only does GET and a
gopher server (not gopher plus) and a mail server may all fit the bill. An by coincidence, these are exactly the sorts of programs we want to be
able to prove security properties about.
I think in the case of simple (i.e.  short and written for the purpose)
programs these proofs could reasonably be done by hand.  In fact, I
think we could create a theorum verifier that we could prove to only
verify true theorums as true.  Some theorums would never be proven one
way or the other, and others might be proven false, but some things,
particularly the ones we need to bootstrap the theorum proof technology
and things like the properties of a secure W3 server, could fit intop this
Not in the case of programs like the secure W3 and Gopher servers.  They
are under 100 lines long.  They are also designed to allow easy proof of
the desired properties. But this is only true for certain classes of systems.  By designing other
classes of systems explicitly designed to not have those properties, we can
build up substantial systems with demonstrable protection properties.
I thionk you should reopen your thinking.

@_date: 1995-08-07 05:54:43
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: There's a hole in your crypto... 
Issue 1:
Undecidable for arbitrary programs does not mean undecidable for every
program.  For all finite programs with finite input sequences, all
properties are decidable.  Complexity may make proofs for large programs
infeasible at this time, but that is all.
Now back to the point of the discussion.  For certain classes of
programs, we can prove many things that are relevant to information
protection.  Furthermore, as we attempt these proofs, we may find and
fix the program anomolies (i.e., bugs) that would cause the program to
fail in an undesirable way.  Therefore, the proof techniques give us two
benefits - they help us fix the programs, and they help increase the
assurance that the programs do precisely what they are supposed to do
and nothing else.
Issue 2:
The notion that mathematics somehow excludes linguistic proofs
(forwarded I believe by a user with "may" in their email address) is
nonsense.  Mathematics at its core is based on linguistic notions that
are defined in plain language.  These notions develop a system of rules
which may be applied to decide the veracity of a proposition.  The
rules themselves form a language with syntax and semantics just as
the language that defines them has syntax and semantics.
The notion of separating language from mathematics is a fine and
interesting one, but it certainly does not apply to any mathematics
currently in widespread use.  A proof done without mathematical symbols
is no less a proof.
Issue 3:
Let's get back to the point of this discussion.  What can we really
prove about algorithms? I have made the assertion that an intersting
property for the purposes of assessing integrity, availability, and
confidentiality for servers like the W3 server and the gopher server is
the limitation of information flow.  I have backed up my assertion with
a demonstration in the form of programs that do this and English
demonstrations that that is of real value.
Does anyone disagree? Why? Is there a reason this same analytical
technique cannot be used on PGP or other cryptosystems to demonstrate
that there are no back doors (other than perhaps in the underlying
inadequacy of the overall technique)? How hard is it to do this for such
programs? What programming structures make this difficult? Will it
reveal many programming errors and therefor be a useful general purpose
tool for writing better programs?
Just thought I would stir things up a bit.

@_date: 1995-08-07 09:04:17
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Quibbling about definitions of "proof" 
Except that it all starts with language and developes through set theory.
And yet it is all based on observations at the initial set theoretic level.
And indded, we are people which gives us some common context.
I was taught 1+1=1 in boolean algebra.
But in computers, we are living in a mathematically defined system
(except for physical issues which have been suppressed to a very large
extent by the design of statistically low error-rate systems) which
follows very precisely the logic of its design.  Thus proofs work since
we are working in this well formed domain.
More specifically, within the logic dictated by the hardware designed to assure
that the system remains within the mathematical structure defined by its design.

@_date: 1995-08-17 09:40:53
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Breaking RC4-40 for less 
Since messages sent with netscape are fairly standard for the first so
many bytes, why not make a 2^30 element table, store it on a few
gigabytes of disk space, use a hash table on the message, and find the
keys to one in every 1,000 messages about 1 time per second.  If this
code is being used to send millions of credit transactions per day, we
should be able decode thousands of credit card numbers per day for a
one-time cost of about $5,00.
The $10,000 estimate of the cost of computing time is far too high
for a production-based attack on the netscape codes.

@_date: 1995-08-17 11:27:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES anyone? (was: Breaking RC4-40 for less) 
Then here's my next alternative attack.
By a 100x100 Transputer (about \$120,000 to make one) and program it to
crack the SSL running 10,000 parallel computations.  If it takes 2 years
for the whole keyspace for each computer, it takes 1.75 hours to span
the whole key space.  Taking a 3 year write-off time and spending
$30,000 per year for maintenance, this comes to $70,000 per year, or
$14.08 per cracked key.  If I do 1,000 keys in parallel, that reduces
the cost to 1.4 cents per key.

@_date: 1995-08-17 18:29:32
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: I need exportable crypto revisited. 
I had the experience about 5 years ago - it's not really a big deal.
I submitted a product (Integrity Toolkit - still detecting and limiting
the spread of all current viruses after 5+ years of not being updated)
for release in source form to my European distributors (who are now the
sole global source - I got out of that business).  In order to assure
that it could detect alteration (as part of its integrity shell), it
used a pretty strong cryptographic checksum - actually a message digest
that's faster than MD5 on a PC architecture, combined with an RSA system
I implemented in MuLisp (pretty fast long arithmetic for a high-level
language implementation).
To add fuel to the fire, the system came with an encryption capability
that included the ability to use an external encryption scheme of the
user's own design.  It even included source for a simplistic encryption
program that could be replaced with real encryption by simply adding the
code for the real encryption into the C source provided, recompiling,
and running.
I submitted it to state who sent it to the NSA who called me a few
weeks later (pretty fast by government standards to be honest) and
asked me some questions.  I answered as honestly as I could ...
***	The RSA was built into the system and, although it could be
extracted and used for encryption, as shipped, it was only used for
authentication.  It literally throws away one of the keys during key
generation so that it is truly a one-way trap door.  It would take a
substantial effort by a knowledgeable programmer to convert it into a
workable RSA for encrypting large files, and as implemented, it is only
good for authentication.
***	The inbuilt encryption schemes are relatively easily broken and
are designed only to prevent automated attack by viruses that try to forge
checksums and other such things.
***	The message digest facility is pretty good, but it can only be
used for the authentication process, so it is useless as an encryption
***	The external encryption hook includes no worthwhile encryption
scheme, but it can easily be converted for this use if you have your own
encryption technology.
They responded that as far as they were concerned, I could go ahead and
ship it oversees, sent me a letter to that effect (which I have in the
files somewhere just in case), and off it went.  All further development
of the encryption side was done oversees from that point forward to keep
me from having to go through ITAR again.

@_date: 1995-08-18 03:36:25
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Key escrow agent 
Management Analytics is proud to announce it's key escrow agency.
We will escrow keys for only US$1 per key.  Please send your keys
to us along with your $1 check or money order.

@_date: 1995-08-18 05:34:06
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Exportable if Escrowed Changes Nothing! 
As I said, for $1 each, I will be happy to escrow all 2^100th keys
for 100 bit PGP.  Send your dollars to the address below:

@_date: 1995-08-18 09:36:57
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: SSL challenge and escrows 
I think a lot of people miss the distinction between automated message
cracking and dumpster diving.  Dumpster diving is not free.  It costs at
least a dollar each to get credit card slips by dumpster diving. Consider that in order to use the information, you have to get the slip,
pull off the numbers, enter them into a computer (or even worse yet,
create a phoney card or make a phone call) in order to use the
information.  The break-even point for an automated cracking and usage
system is more than a dollar per stolen card.  My parallel processor
is actually more cost effective for crimilar theft via credit card fraud.
What does this have to do with escrow?  My escrow offer costs less than
the cost of crimial attack.  If it reduces attack, it is cost effective
and should lower the overall cost of transaction processing.
In fact, I have a friend who says he will escrow keys for free, but he
is less trustworhty than I am, and I think he wants to get his dollar on
the other side.

@_date: 1995-08-19 11:25:03
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Costs of Credit Card Fraud and Brute-Force Codebreaking 
But you miss the costs of your time.  You have to find the right
dumpster, you have to dive, you have to find the slip, you have to walk
across the street, you have to make the call.  Time, as they say, is
money.  For a criminal enterprise to make money, they have to not only
get the cards, but use them and then resell the goods for cash.  The
sheer size of a criminal organization that could handle the sort of
codebreaking we are talking about would make it possible to buy goods at
wholesale prices, so the profit on stealing goods and reselling them on
the open market is far less than the savings an individual gains by the
effort.  Then there is the potential cost of people getting caught, etc. that has to be figured into the overall cost.  Criminal enterprises have
high overheads.
It costs you 10-15 minutes of time, and it probably saves you a few
dollars of phone charges.  If the chance is only 1 in 100,000 of
getting caught and convicted to 5 years in prison, the amortised time
cost is another 25 minutes, not including legal fees.
But you still have to get the magic numbers.  Maybe it takes a bribe,
maybe it takes dumpster diving, but whatever the deal, it all costs
money in the form of time, overhead, etc.
The point of the parallel processor is that the cost is about $1.45 (or
whatever) per card number, not thousands of dollars.  The results are in
computer-ready form, so that you can charge directly over the Internet
and have a fully automatic system for theft.  No large number of
employees, no phone bills that get traced by the FBI, only an Internet
link that moves from provider to provider, account to account, city to
city, country to country.
It's true that breaking into computer systems is cheaper for small
numbers, but as a big business, the labor is too high for this sort
of attack, and the results are too unpredictable.  Taking credit card
nuymbers over the net is a lot more ammenable to the economies of scale
required for big codebreaking efforts.

@_date: 1995-08-21 17:44:34
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: NEXT CHALLENGE: plan of action? 
I would like to offer all.net as a repository for the sources and executables for
all platforms.  We can put them in the gopher server for all to access.

@_date: 1995-08-24 08:28:46
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Let Me Repeat, the Raids Must Be Stopped!  A PROFOUND THREAT TO FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON THE INTERNET 
Begin RANT
It seems to me that the cure to the scientology situation is to get TROs
claiming that they have your copyrighted material and seize their
computers for your examination and removal, file law suits in each of
the venues against the CoS and each of the individuals (jointly and
severally) in each venue, publishing all information on the servers
containing it via anonymous remailers (from accounts gotten free via
Compuserve, AOL, delphi, etc.  and/or paid for with cash) to mailing
lists all over the world, getting the entire contents placed on-line in
a country that doesn't enforce copyright restrictions and get pointers
to it from all over the web, send massive email to all church members
(the list gleaned from their computers) giving them all the details of
the internal church financial dealings, and on and on.
end RANT

@_date: 1995-08-25 04:23:52
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: The Theory of Nymity (value of True Names) 
They seem to be openly confronting the issue to me.  There is a stigma
attached to anonymity - haven't you seen the lone ranger?  If you're
honest, why do you wear a mask?
I think they contemplate the issues.  I think that most of them (us?)
realize that:
They certainly see the advantages over the disadvantages.
There are times when identity is important, and there are times when it
is not.  Identity is not important when disclosing a danger - if you
yell "FIRE!!!" in a burning building, nobody is going to say "Hold on
there...  before I get out, what's your name and address, and how can
you prove that you are who you are?" They recognize the danger you
identified and get out of the building.  When I buy a can of fruit juice
from the local store and pay with cash, if they ask my name and address,
I tell them (politely) to stuff it.  You don't need to know my identity
to trade a fungible for goods or services.  That "need to know" phrase
is important here.  Identity is only important to reveal if there is a
legitimate need to know it, and if that need to know outweighs the risks
associated with the knowledge.
I think the cypherpunks recognize that by being anonymous they risk
their message being taken less seriously, but they are willing to take
the risk because most people on this list seem to evaluate the content
of the message more than the sender anyway.  Contrast this list to other
lists and you will see far fewer personality issues here because, in
part, the moderator doesn't inject his/her personality into the
discussion all the time. No - perhaps some of the cypher punks would argue that, but certainly
not most.  Many cypherpunks use pseudonyms and we trust them to some
extent because of the repeated usage of the pseudonym.
Hogwash.  A rose by any other name would smell as sweet.  Names are just
conveniences created as a part of language because we are able to use
nouns to identify objects.  That guy who runs all.net is just as good as
Fred Cohen in terms of identifying me, and I rarely use my full name,
and there are otyher people in the world with exactly the same full name
as mine - even including the Dr. (a mathematician I believe).
A lot of conclusions can be made about the sender based on the content
and context of the message. Baloney.  If someone claims to be me (likely a masochist) and I am
listening, I can identify it for all to see.  As long as the society
doesn't tollerate excessive amounts of this and fights back against the
lack of integrity, it is likely that any person who does this will be
detected.  The point here is that identity in the form of a name is only
a tag we attach for convenience of associating actions with individuals. It doesn't matter what the name is - I don't know the real name of
HOBBIT, but I know that s/he says a lot of sensible things. Lies are relative things, not absolutes.  There is no "actual" system
and there never was.  Detweiler assumes that the way s/he identifies
people is the "actual" system, but that's only one perspective.  Many of
us have grown up knowing about more than one system of identities, and
apparently Detweiler missed this one.
The first error is usually the basic assumption.  This one is not a very
accurate reflection of the reality that many of us in the world live in
today.  The fact is, our political system is full of people who use one
and only one identity and have done so for their entire lives, and yet
it is jam packed with lies and crude (As well as sophistocated) attempts
at tricking people with communications.  The cypherpunks, who have far
more uses of pseudonyms have far fewer deceptions and far better
communications in my experience.  Many things that cannot be proven
are actually false.  This counterexample demostrated that Detweiler is
not just unprovable, s/he is wrong.
All of the confirmations Detweiler may be able to come up with can't
overwhealm the one counterexample just cited, however, I can cite many
more counterexamples.  By the way, counter to Detweiler's proposition,
plenty of scientists lie about results, and many University professors
who claim to be scientists lie about the true state of their work so
that they can propose research grants that are certain to be successes
(it is a common practice to propose work you have already completed so
as to assure that you will be successful and thus get the next grant). I have discounted his/her thesis on the basis of its lack of accurately
predicting or reflecting reality and on no other basis.  It may be an
interesting theory, but in practice it seems to have been refuted.
So legal name changes are not allowable? Two people can't have the same
name? This doesn't map to the current reality.  It sounds more like a
government imposed identity number system - like the one in Nazi Germany
that contributed to the extermination of 6 million Jews.  I'm against it.
He said - she said.  It's just a bunch of baloney.  Lies are often the
basis for harmony and being "too honest" generally gets you very little. The important thing about communication is that you get other people to
think about the things you think about.  It's just a way of affecting
brain states in other entities and nothing more.  Truth, lies, and video
tape can all do this.
I appreciate Detweiler's attempt, but it's a failure (oops better try
only a partial success) because it doesn't reflect the reality.
If you can't take the heat, stay out of the chemistry lab.  I say lots
of things that people don't like and gripe about.  If Detweiler can't
shake it off and come back with something better, s/he's overly
sensitive.  What do you expect? That people will embrace your
characterization of them just because you think it's interesting? If
Detweiler is really right, then s/he should fight back with the
strongest weapons that exist in this forum - the facts.  As far as I can
see, the facts are against Detweiler, but s/he may prove me wrong in
open debate, and as far as I can tell, the cypherpunks will agree with
Detweiler if s/he is right.
On this, Detweiler is clearly incorrect from my view.
I don't want to waste further space on this.  I'm already sorry I spoke
up on it and I haven't even sent the mail yet.

@_date: 1995-08-25 04:45:44
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: improving the distributed computation 
I thought I might give some free (an worth it) advice on the next round
of attempts.  This distributed computation is somewhat related to viral
computation, and I have learned a few things over the years that may be
helpful in doing a better job of it.
1) Abandon the central command way of doing things.  Little if any
communication is required for this computation, it should be
self-distributing to and between volenteer sites.  That makes it ideal
for implementation as a safe virus. 2) Give these computations a defined and limited lifetime.  The problem
you have with old versions is because they don't die automatically or
even check to see if they are up-to-date and update themselves.
3) Use randomness to break up the search space and redundantly perform
the computation.  This should eliminate the problems with malicious
key-space requests, etc.
4) Use feedback in the form of selective survival/replication to
optimize the search and allocate search space.  If a processor goes
quickly, give it more to do - if it goes slowly, give it less.  This
will produce an overall system that adapts with time to the cahges in
network and system usage so as to optimize overall performance as a
function of time.

@_date: 1995-09-12 16:19:43
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: new info-sec mailing list 
of the Internet's mailing lists, this is not an open forum for people on
the Internet to exchange ideas.  Rather, it is a monthly mailing used to
inform readers of new information that can be found in info-sec heaven. search capabilities, protection software, articles, books, and other
information that appears in info-sec heaven without having to come in
periodically and look for yourself, please let us know by sending email
to fc and we will add you to our monthly list.

@_date: 1995-09-29 02:58:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: SAIC bought InterNic, but who is SAIC?  A spook contractor! 
That's Science Applications ...  An employee owned systems integrator. They are one of the largest systems integrators in the world, 2nd largest
to the US government (last time I looked).
Interesting summary, but you forgot to note that what really happened
was that SAIC made some bookkeeping errors, noticed them in a
self-audit, and reported themselves to the government.  Unlike some
companies that try to cover these things up, SAIC found the problems
themselves and didn't cover them up.
SAIC is also one of the largest companies in the information security
field, with over 500 active info-sec contracts at any given time.  They
work for industry as well as government in info-sec, systems
integration, and outsourcing.  For example, they currently do all of the
IT work for BP, handle info-sec for several banks and wall street firms,
have contracts with some of the large players in the entertainment business,
and sponsored the last Americas cup entry from the US.
The real ex-spooks aren't that heavily embedded in SAIC.  The company
was started by a well known physicist who is still the CEO and chairman,
and they do a lot of research in preserving the environment, undersea
research, business reengineering, and other things that are not spookish.
Just thought I would present the rest of the story.
By the way, I have been a consultant for them from time to time, and I
have found them to be hard working, intelligent, and highly motivated. They do indeed have a lot of very intelligent people working for them,
many of whom used to work in high-level positions for both democratic
and republican administrations, but I don't think you should hold that
against them - after all, if you were a major government contractor,
wouldn't you want to get people who know how the government works?

@_date: 1995-09-30 03:42:15
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Cryptanalysis of RC4 - Preliminary Results (Repeat) 
The problem is that if these keys are weak, there may be many others
that are also weak.  In fact, by the time we explore all of the
weaknesses, we may find the system is no longer very strong at all.

@_date: 1995-11-01 08:31:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Please send cash 
I just picked this up from the Risks forum:
Two of the Java attacks I outlined in this forum and got abuse for.
Attacks 31-49 work here.
Drat - Sun doesn't offer awards.
Inquiring minds want to know.

@_date: 1995-10-03 19:25:17
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: HUL_loo 
Sounds like an extract from the first chapter of my recent book:

@_date: 1995-10-09 03:44:46
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: The problem with Java 
The way I see it, the real problem with Java is that there is no
clear statement of the "security" goals it is supposed to attain.
It's one thing to declare a concept or an implementation "secure"
but it's quite another to tell us what the security claims are and
demonstrate that they are met.  Specifically:
I have read the white paper on Java and I still don't know the answer to
these questions.  Until I do, it's hard to assess the "security" of
Java, but I can tell you this.  I bet that at least two, probably three,
and maybe even all four of these are not accomplished by Java.

@_date: 1995-10-09 04:18:49
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: LACC: Account sharing leads to false imprisonment 
Thought you might like another perspective:
Almost certainly unauthorized use.  The us of another person's account
is almost always against school policy, and hence is likely to be a
voilation of the law.
Ignorance of the law is no excuse, and being easy to catch doesn't make
you innocent of a crime.
Interstate transport of stolen (presumably copyrighted) property, possible
violation of national laws of both nations.  Unauthorized use of the
computers at the University of British Columbia.
Reasonable assumption.  The only way to find out different would be to
violate the users' privacy by reading their mail, etc.
Collected possible evidence.  A good idea.  Allerting potential criminals
is a poor way to catch them and potentially dangerous.  May not stand up
in court as it is heresay - not exempt under the normal business record
Sounds wise.
If he turned out to be a terrorist who was planning to blow up a
building, you would have called this a tremendous piece of police work,
they could have written a million-selling book, and you would hail the
sysadmin as a computer age hero.
Try again.  I assume that they found this was not a "real" terrorist. But to call it over-zealous is not right.  S/he was doing the job and
should be commended for trying to do it as well as s/he could.
So Hirsh agreed that he had been illegally using the computer system
and the case was settled with a monetary fine.
So what's fair for Hirsh is not fair for the Sysadmin? Sounds to me like
you think it's OK for Hirsh to have people write nasty letters to the
admin but not OK for the admin to respond via the step-brother.
After Hirsh broke the law, he is trying to get even for being caught by
harassing the people who caught him.
Hirsh realized he was wrong to harass Gorrie and appologized for creating
the situation.  Gorrie gracefully called it a "big misunderstanding" and
accepted the abuse as part of doing a tough job.

@_date: 1995-10-09 17:17:54
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: LACC: Account sharing leads to false imprisonment 
This may be the first problem you will encounter if you try to really
put forth new ideas in the University community.  You may find that they
are more oriented toward getting grants and keeping their jobs that
toward free expression of new ideas.  If you like, I will give you at
least two examples I have personally run into where "academic freedom"
was given a back seat to whatever else they had in mind.
I strongly disagree.  I said nothing about the ideas being disturbing. The thing that was wrong was the illegal use of someone else's computers
without their permission.  I said nothing - I repeat NOTHING about the
ideas being the problem.
Again, you either didn't read what I wrote, or read it with a mindset
that ignored what I actually wrote.  I said nothing - I repeat NOTHING
about the ideas being the problem. Hardly.  If I break into your computer by making unauthorized use of
your password, and if your computer is connected to the Internet, I am
breaking the law.  It has nothing to do with what I use the account for. All material is copyrighted from its inception at this point in time
(as I interpret US law - but then I am not a lawyer).
That is an interesting proposition.  In fact, as I understand it, if the
person granting access was a University employee, they would have been
acting for the University and the use would therefore have been
authorized.  But since the step-brother was not acting in the capacity
of a University employee when granting use, the use was unauthorized. The US statutes state (as far as I can tell) that any unauthorized use
of a federal interest computer (which includes any computer connected to
an Interstate communications system) in excess of $500 is a felony. There is no requirement for mens re (criminal intent) at this point
either.  This is one of the things many people disagree with in the
US vs. Morris case of 1988.
Again you miss the target.  Just because the anarchist information got
the attention of the systems administrator doesn't mean that this had
anything to do with the law that was (perhaps) broken.  It could have
been cooking instructions for BLT sandwiches - the law doesn't
differentiate - but those who enforce the law are concerned about
terrorism and insurrection, so they look at those cases sooner than the
The comparison of this case to the Spanish inquisition is just not
relevent or in any way valid.  When you use someone else's account on a
computer and that use is not authorized byt he owners or their
designated assignees, you are risking prosecution.  If a sysop catches
you doing it, it is, presumably, their job to investigate, call in
proper authorities, and so on. No, the actor was a criminal because of the unauthorized access, not
because of the ideas being expressed.  However, given that we have two
criminals, one who is expressing ideas about better BLT sandwich
recepies and one who is expressing ideas about anarchy, the priority in
the investigation will almost certainly go to the one expressing ideas
about anarchy - because of the perception by law enforcement (valid or
not) that anarchists are more likely to blow up federal buildings than
Again, your analogy goes way too far for the reality here. Investigation is not "torture or dying" - and the investigation found
that a crime may have been committed, so the person was arrested and, in
the end, the result came to having to pay the approximate cost of the
unauthorized services taken.  It just doesn't sound like the Spanish
inquisition to me.
You make a lot of assumptions here - like that Hirsh was tortured by
being arrested - that he was raped in jail - and that he was arrested
for the ideas he was expressing.
This is a lot of hogwash. Being tortured is nothing like being taken to a Canadian jail (with the
possible exception of having to eat the food - but he got out before
that became a necessity).  When you use someone's computer - just as
when you use their car - without permission, you risk being arrested.
That is what he was arrested for, as far as I can tell.
If you don't want to be arrested, don't use other peoples' accounts!
It's wrong, it's illegal, and if I catch you doing it on my computer, I
will try to have you arrested as well. Right - if you are going to break the law, don't call attention to
yourself.  If you do, they will try to catch you.  Otherwise, they
may not even notice you.
That is the only issue here as far as I can tell.  The rest is just a
smoke screen to try to excuse people from their social responsibility.
It's like saying Robin Hood didn't break the law because he gave what he
stole to the poor.  In Robin's case their may have been a legaly valid
excuse (something about a necessity defense), but in this case, there
was no such thing. Why do you claim that it is acceptable to break the law if you post
anarchist ideas when it is not acceptable when you post BLT recepies?

@_date: 1995-10-09 18:13:28
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Distributed co-operative theorem proving, anyone? - was Java 
Marcus agreed with a position founded on the work in the late 70s and
early 80s by many researchers on proving the security of operating
systems under the Bell-Lapadula model.  The main result I recall is that
a Cray-1 took 24 hours to prove the Simple Security Property about a
100-line limited-Pascal program used as the core of (I think it was)
UCLA-secure Unix.  Complexity goes up quickly with program size, and this
property is only one of many you might like to prove.
Let's go - I will provide the distribution mechanisms, and I think I
know someone who is interested in the theorem proof side.  I know of
several experts on theorum proving who may well pitch in.  What program
do you want to prove secure next (we're currently finishing up my secure
Web server).
The core dumping shows that Java can ALSO write files into the file
system, something it was claimed to NEVER be able to do! If you could
get the right name for the core file, and set up the first few bytes
right, ... Why not start much simpler.  Write a Java program to disrupt services by
flooding the local network with garbage packets - or with some sort of
request it lets you write. How about a Java program that launches SATAN
probes against all reachable hosts?

@_date: 1995-10-10 03:22:23
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
I'm not clear on what you mean by emasculated.  It seems to me that
postscript interpreters are full of holes that can be exploited by
a cleaver enough attacker.

@_date: 1995-10-10 03:44:37
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
What you miss is the distinction between different kinds of programs and
their protection implications.
That's why we are far more concerned about networking programs that about
word processors.
them either, but there's a big difference between a Trojan horse and the
ability to spread a virus.  Viruses can spread whenever there is sharing
and general purpose programming.  Hence, most modern spreadsheets, word
processors, Postscript interpreters, etc. allow viruses to spread.
someone not authorized to use your computer decide to run a program on
it.  This may make you the unwhitting vector for a virus, cause your
system to crash, etc.  With auto-execution, the web turns from a
networked read-only database with limited searching capabilities into a
giant distributed processor in which the users have little or no control
over what their computers are used for.
The battle is for control over your own computer and what it does.
I don't see any huge benefits to postscript.  In fact, postscript files
are essentially impossible to search for items of interest, to display
on a normal video screen, to quote from without reentering the data, etc.
The point is, do we want to turn the Web into a distributed computing
environment in which anyone can eecute any code on anyone else's
I am in favor of making the decision conciously, not by accident or
ignorance, and providing proper protection mechanisms.  If the question
of Hot Java is asked in terms of permitting all computers using the Web
to become part of a global viral computing environment, I am ready to
hear the answer.

@_date: 1995-10-10 07:47:09
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Distributed co-operative theorem proving, anyone? - was Java 
The problem is that such programs were not designed to be secure (as far
as I am aware) or to be proven secure, and thus, even with lots of
computing power, there is essentially no hope of doing this.  In fact,
they are almost certainly not secure (as these proofs generally help detect).

@_date: 1995-10-10 08:06:59
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: William S. Powell in front of Congress Oct 11, 10:30 AM 
William S.  Powell is the person who firs patented an electronic money
system (almost 15 years ago now), and he will be testafying before the
congressional subcommittee tomorrow - Oct.  11, 1995 at 10:30 AM
(scheduled).  If you really want to know about electronic cash and how
our society has treated it over the last 15 years, you might want to
watch this.

@_date: 1995-10-11 10:26:30
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
You might want to refer the NYT to the recent study published by
Computer Security Institute (in info-sec super journal on our W3 site).
There are alse several papers there on "Internet Holes" under Network
Security in the same on-line journal.  Every month, another 5-10 holes
are added to those published in this forum.

@_date: 1995-10-11 11:12:45
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Elementrix POTP 
Not quite enough for my taste.  If this system can be uniquely initiated
by a finite sequence of bits transferred between the two parties and can
be used to encrypt more than that many bits, it is not a one-time-pad -
period - full stop.
By definition, the information content of a one-time-pad is one bit per
bit of transmitted information.  If a finite number of bits is enough to
initialize this system, then by definition, it ceases to be a
one-time-pad as soon as one more than that many bits have been
transmitted using those bits as the initialization key.  This is a
direct result of information theory, and cannot be circumvented by any
amount of wizardry or genius.
Even if you found that information theory is palpably inconsistent, the
definition of a one-time-pad (as defined by Shannon in his second most
famous 1949 paper) is in terms of information theory, and therefore, the
end of the theory is also the end of the definition of a one-time-pad.

@_date: 1995-10-12 06:24:18
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Internet holes 
I am writing a series of atricles - one per month - for Network Security
Magazine, and am putting lat month's article up as they publish the next
one.  Probably 20% have appeared on bugtraq, etc.
All I am doing is going through the TCP/IP protocols (and other such
stuf) one at a time, writing a short piece on each, describing the most
obvious holes, giving some ideas of how they have been/can be exploited,
and describing in general terms what we might do to fix them.  Next
issue covers NNTP - then comes a 2-month (I think) issue on TCP as a
protocol (lots of holes there) - then whatever strikes my fancy next.  I
figure it will take a few years at this rate to get through the most
important protocols and services.

@_date: 1995-10-12 07:18:09
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] was Re: java security concerns 
and Perry responds:
Hence comes my response:
I think that both formal methods and defense-in-depth are important
in building an effective protection program.
The most secure (and often highest quality) systems combine fault
intollerance with fault tollerance to produce high quality parts and a
system that continues operating safely even when those high quality
parts fail.

@_date: 1995-10-13 04:03:17
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: looking for anti-tamper software 
You are aware that there is a generic attack against all such defenses -
aren't you? It has been published for 7+ years.  For details see:

@_date: 1995-10-13 04:14:19
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: NYT Markoff Article and one person's response 
I sent the following letter to the editor of the NYT expressing my
personal view of the article.  Perhaps others on this list should send
letters expressing their viewpoints as well.
Dear Sir/Madam:
security experts all over the Internet to John Markoff's October 11
article titled "Discovery of Internet Flaws Is Setback for On-Line
Trade", and I thought your readers might like to know what real experts
in the field think about Mr.  Markoff's article. generally taken as a positive step from American academia in catching up
to the rest of the information security world, it is hardly a
breakthrough, or even a novelty. vulnerabilities of this magnitude or larger are discussed on Internet
forums every month.  The "CERT" team at Carnegie-Mellon University
has published more than 10 similar types of attacks so far this year,
the Internet forum "8lgm" publishes an average of more than one per
month, the "BugTraq" Internet forum tracks and shows fixes for about
two similar holes per month, and the "cypherpunks" forum uncovers
several holes in cryptographic and other systems each month.
the Internet are largely unaware of these risks is also quite naive.  A
recent Computer Security Institute study showed that one in every five
enterprises has reported suffering an Internet security incident.  Most
experts believe the reality is much worse and that many who responded
"no" either refuse to admit it or simply don't know.  Over 50 percent of
companies connected to the Internet provide high-risk features such as
FTP and WWW to all employees, and 39 percent have no firewall to limit
attacks from the Internet.  According to several published papers, about
10 times as many attempted attacks are detected when firewalls are in
place than are detected when they are not in place. Universities that have been so active in developing information
technology have essentially ignored the security issues.  Their
ignorance of these issues has produced literally hundreds of protocols
that are now in use by millions of computers from all over the globe and
which, because of their insecure designs, are inherently difficult to
secure. their spare time, often on nights and weekends, helping other people by
developing and freely distributing new security technologies.  They have
been finding security problems and solving them for many years, most
often without recognition or renumeration.  They have been trying to
tell the people developing these protocols about protection problems and
have been widely ignored, with a few notable exceptions, by the American
Universities. contribution by a few people at Berkeley gets front page headlines while
the ongoing contributions of thousands of volunteers goes largely
unrecognized.  If you want the real story about electronic commerce and
security issues on the Internet, listen to the people who are doing the
work every day.

@_date: 1995-10-14 04:56:18
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Netscape rewards are an insult 
testing services from all over the net by real experts just by offerring
a tee shirt is down right offensive.
software.  We crack Netscape and offer the crack code to the highest
bidder.  Bids start at US$25K per hole.  For the insult, Netscape has to
outbid the competition by a factor of 2 to get the details of the hole.
Here's how it works:
competent programmers with real security expertise, adds in some good
change controls, a serious internal testing program, quality control ala
ISO-9000, internal IT auditors, external IT auditors, training and
education for their employees, and everything else it takes to be in the
software business in a serious way.
for a lawsuit.  After all, they are a public company now and are responsible
to the shareholders for the value of their stock.  If it goes down because
they aren't doing an adequate job of software quality control, the officers
may be personally liable.

@_date: 1995-10-14 11:04:05
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
Phil typed:
It's one thing to do good for the sake of doing good.  Most of us do that
every day by participating in this list.  It's quite another thing to be
insulted in the process.  I think that Netscape's reward is an insult,
If they think you can find major security bugs in Netscape for as little
as $1000, they should take the product off the market, or at least stop
claiming that it offers security.
They do far worse.  They claim security when they don't have it, and
when the cypherpunks demonstrate the false claims, Netscape offer
insulting future tribute.  I think that if they are sincere, they should
reward the individuals who found the last few holes with $25,000 each,
and show that they really mean business.
I'm not greedy, and I have never found a novel security hole and told
the affected people they had to pay to find out about it.  I just don't
like seeing sincere people who volunteer their efforts being insulted or
trivialized or taken advantage of by the big-money people - and make no
mistake about it - that is what the Netscape offer is really all about.
The $25K is a trivial amount for finding such a hole in a product that
is supposed to secure billions of dollars worth of electronic funds
transfers.  If the bad guys find a hole, it could easily cost millions. If you don't believe me, look at the statistics for other holes in the
credit card and telecommunications businesses.  They losses are in the
billions each year. should their clients bet millions that the bad guys won't find and
exploit one. It's not my attitude that's changing the Internet.  It's the nature of
any technology that it can be used for both good and evil.  The Internet
is no longer a research tool, and there are plenty of people using it
for criminal purposes.  If we don't start seriously rewarding people who
find and help fix the holes, we are dooming the Internet. And, oh yeah, the reason the Internet became so popular so fast had
nothing to do with free distribution of information.  It had to do with
the Vice President making public announcements about the NII, enormous
public relations efforts, and lots of national advertising.  The free
information has been there for 25 years or so.  The advertising and the
enormous growth started when the marketing people got going.
The ironic part is that a company that claims to have a "secure" method
for using credit cards on the Internet thinks that their security is so
weak that it only takes $1000 to find a major hole.

@_date: 1995-10-15 08:59:06
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: I am looking for a way to create a zombie process 
I am writing a paper that, among other things, talks about detecting
zombie processes.  I find that, due to my systematic hunting down and
eliminating of these processes, I no longer have any hanging around for
demonstration purposes.  How embarassing - I don't know how to create
Is there anyone who can give me a simple program or set of commands that
creates a zombie process? Thanks in advance.

@_date: 1995-10-17 09:15:06
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: java flaw 
To be more precise, if there is programming, sharing, and transitive
information flow, viruses can reproduce and spread (as proven
mathematically in the mid-1980s).  Sice Java offers sharing of
programs and (for not at least) transitive information flow, viruses
are possible.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-10-18 04:59:14
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Postscript in Netscape 
Jeff Weinstein - Electronic Munitions Specialist Wrote:
WRONG!!! Netscape claims to be "secure" - hence it is Netscape's job to
be secure - regardless of the user's use of their product.  Otherwise,
the ads should read:

@_date: 1995-10-18 05:35:41
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Postscript in Netscape 
Is it Netscape's position that when people call them on their statements
they make irrelevant comments and inflamatory remarks toward legitimate
researchers who are freely helping them understand the security issues
they apparently don't understand?
You claim that you provide secure net access for the purposes of
transactions - which you don't - and you have gotten an enormous amount
of money from people who don't understand these issues based, at least
in part, on your false claims.  Some people might interpret that as fraud.
Now instead of trying to insult and put down people who have legitimate
security concerns, you personally attack individuals, try to redirect the
discussion away from the security flaws in Netscape, and try to hush the
discussion with:
I think that you should give a copy of this and the other messages on
this topic to someone at Netscape who is responsible for protection and
ask them to speak for the company and address these issues head on. Regardless of your disclaimer, when you speak on the net, we hear
Netscape, and the sounds are starting to sound more and more like
Microsoft to me.

@_date: 1995-10-18 15:16:28
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: 50 attacks on Netscape - please send the check 
50 Attacks: a.k.a. Why Not to Run Hot Java in your netscape (or other) browser:
Concept 1 - Hot Java code that, once started, takes and retains control
of the viewer.  It includes hot buttons, etc.  that let you use common
resources on the net, store favorite places, etc.  When you push any
button in this window, it simulates Hot Java within its own code, but
all reads and writes contain code to restart the program (such as the
"remember favorite places" button, etc.).
Concept 2 - Hot Java code that sends all of your messages through my computer
and gets the results back from my computer by rewriting URLs on-the-fly.
Concept 3 - There is a chosen plaintext attack against the RSA (published in the
1980s in a Crypto conference (IACR?).
Netscape: Please send your check for US$50,000 to the address below.

@_date: 1995-10-18 17:46:25
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: 50 attacks... [NOISE] 
Boy, you people just don't appreciate anything that has a little bit of
humor mixed with a little bit of reality. 1 - I can't believe that you failed to see any humor in the fifty ways
to leave your Netscape posting.  I would have thought some of you would
have noticed that a substantial number of these methods would work with
current W3 browsers! Do I really have to set up a URL to prove it to
you? If I do, what good will it do me?
2 - I can't believe that you all think that aplets (a.k.a.  downloadable
programs at the push of a button) will make you safe.  The "we will only
run trusted applets and they will all be secure" attitude is 180 degrees
off base from my view.
3 - I would have figured at least one of you would have looked up the
chosen plaintext attack and told me why Netscape keys can't be gotten
at this way.  I think there's an off change I could win a grand!
4 - If you just keep quiet, I may be able to get $50K out of Netscape
for a few minutes of typing.  If they can make a billion on hype, why
can't I make $50K?
5 - How much do you want to bet that within 12 months of my posting, at
least 10 of the 50 listed items will have happened in one form or
another? I got the same flaming 8 months ago when I mentioned that I
thought syslog could be gotten at because of the way it was designed.
I got piles of flames telling me to show code or stop smearing syslog.
Three months later, a syslog attack appeared, and three months later,
another one showed up.
6 - I think that it is the responsibility of the people who claim
"security" to tell us what they mean by it and to demonstrate why we
should believe them.  You may disagree, but I didn't see any flames when
I asked what they meant by secure only a few days ago.  I also didn't
see any answers.
7 - I got one assertion that the reason my earlier message was perceived
as malicious was because I started with the word WRONG!!!  It's probably
correct that that's why I got flamed for it, so from now on, I want you
all to design your mail filters to replace WRONG!!! in my postings with
I respectfully disagree.
8 - The first 50 flamers responding to this message get a free 1 Gigabyte
email message every day for the next week.  Anonymous remailers included.

@_date: 1995-10-18 19:35:07
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Postscript in Netscape 
The point is, Netscape CLAIMS to provide security - Miscrosoft doesn't.
On my machine, if you replace copy with delete, it will be detected
before it does the delete, and, unless you are very skilled, when I tell
it to copy, the corruption will be automatically corrected.  This is
because I use an "integrity shell" - something you guys at Netscape
probably never heard of. The point I have been trying to make that many on this list seem to ignore
again and again, is that Netscape makes the security claims.  If you don't
provide effective protection, don't make the claim.  If you want to make
the claim back it up with something other than media hype.
All of our opinions are our own, and my opinion is that Netscape (not you) is:
These things concern me, so I will stand my ground regardless of the
flames and ask, yet again, for someone at Netscape to tell us what you
mean by "security" when you make claims about it (I won't repost my
questions from a few days ago since you have already ignored them) and
why your claims are strong enough for a big chunk of the world economy
to rest on it.

@_date: 1995-10-19 02:46:37
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Postscript in Netscape 
I hadn't seen it - everything I said about Netscape (except the money)
applies doubly so to Microsoft - doubly because they have been putting
garbage out for years and should have fixed it long ago.
If you really want to know how this works, you might try reading the 5+
refereed journal articles on the subject, however, to replace the
Integrity shell undetected, you would have to bypass the hardware write
protection on a hard-disk.
"We" - I take it you are now speaking officially for Netscape?  So how come
Netscape doesn't even know how about Integrity shells and yet claims to
be able to design secure systems for money transfers?
So what IS Netscape's definition?
That's why the ?
Excellent - I appreciate the information and withdraw my aspersions relating
to fraud.
You must be unaware of Chaos theory.  Even a few hundred million screwed
up in the right way can have a major impact on the global economy. It has
something to dop with the fact that economies work on the basis of peples'
perceptions, not just facts.
It's a deal.

@_date: 1995-10-19 08:00:57
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Postscript in Netscape 
I tried to take this discussion off line with the Netscape employee, but
he brought it back by CCing the list.  The references are available on
my W3 server (see the URL below) and searchable along with 350+ other
references on information security, most of them annotated.
In terms of taking up space, your replies to the list take up space as
well.  If you want me to list references for you, send me email without
CCing the rest of the list, and I will send you more than you are likely
to want to read.
The people at Netscape STILL have not told those of us on the list what
is meant by "security" in their claims.  Does it include integrity?
Confidentiality?  Availabillity?  Reduced liability?  Something else?
I await an responsive answer.

@_date: 1995-10-19 08:32:30
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: 50 attacks... [NOISE] 
And how secure is the hash? It it possible to create values that will
hash to each prime (or something else that does the job)? Is the hash
something we can figure a way to precompute using massively parallel
processing so that we can then provide a set of codes which will produce
the desired results? (etc.)

@_date: 1995-10-19 10:21:18
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Postscript in Netscape 
So the PR department defines security at Netscape?

@_date: 1995-10-21 13:51:08
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Sun speaks out - but not to the cypherpunks 
This response came from Sun to Risks:
Read: We can't trust Java programs.
Read: The Java interpreter is supposed to be a TCB
Read: By default only - also note, none of this invalidates attacks 30-49
from the previously posted list.
Who here truly believes that the implementations of Java meet the
requirements of a TCB?

@_date: 1995-10-23 07:16:40
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF 
I don't agree.
Then you should support his point which is valid.
Being insulting and calling people names benefits nobody.
I strongly disagree.  If Netscape provided a way to execute shell
commands on your host from a remote computer, it would certainly be a
hole created by their product.  The fact that the default shell is
potentially dangerous means it's incumbant on those who provide access
to it to provide adequate protection.
If Netscape wants to claim their product doesn't degrade security, they
should provide a safe postscript interpreter or not provide hooks to
unsafe ones.

@_date: 1995-10-24 02:32:25
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF 
This is where the difference between your view and mine seem to part company.
I am not talking about some bug in postscript or the shell.  I am talking about
a program that grants remote access to run these programs in the normal manner,
which is unsafe.
To support the position you seem to be taking (and the one currently
taken by Netscape), you would have to say that the last several Sendmail
"bugs" were not sendmail problems but rather shell problems because all
sendmail did was allow you to execute a shell from the remote machine
(perhaps via a queue file).  You would also apparently say that it's
secure to allow a server to grant unlimited shell access to unknown,
unauthenticated remote users.  This seems foolhearty to me.
That's correct.  Secure software has to have secure distribution in
order to maintain its security when distributed through an untrusted
channel.  I think that Netscape uses an MD5 checksum which the members
of this list seem to place unlimited trust in (incorrectly in my view,
but that would be picking two nits with one keyboard entry).
That's not true.  Certain things in their .mailcap file can create
holes, but not just anything.  One of the standard things we do in
external audits is look for files such as this and examine their
contents to see if unsafe configurations are in use.

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:46:20
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: MD5 weakness ? [was Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF] 
I didn't say that there were any weaknesses in MD5, all I said was:
The lack of adequate demonstration of strength is not the same as a
weakness.  It represents only a lack of adequate assurance for placing
more than a certain amount of trust in MD5 for the purpose it is being
used to accomplish.
As to weaknesses, I seem to remember that someone managed to forge a
modification to a program used to observe networks on a Sun so that it
had the same MD5 checksum as the official trusted version.  But whether
this is real is not strictly the issue. In the case of the trust being placed in MD5 by Netscape, the assumption
being made (without adequate support as far as I can tell) is that an
MD5 checksum cannot be forced, through a chosen plaintext attack, to
yield checksums of 1, 2, 3, 5, 7, 9, ...  on up to enough primes to
allow the known plaintext attack that gets the RSA private key used to
authenticate messages.  As far as I am aware (and I may not be aware of
everything) there is no reference work to support this assumption.  If
the assumption is wrong, then the whole SSL can fall to a selected
plaintext attack launchable (presumably) through those general purpose
Java aplets we have heard so much about.
There has been no limit given by anyone on this list to the level of
trust they place in MD5.  Several people have posted (without
contention) that MD5 is sufficiently trustworthy to trust billions of
dollars in commerce to it's being able to prevent a selected plaintext
attack as eluded to above.  If you think we should trust it, and you
don't limit your assessment of trust, what other assumption should I
make? If several people proclaim that trust and nobody stands up in
disagreement, tacit agreement is my normal (although not necessarily
justified) assumption.

@_date: 1995-10-24 08:52:20
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Does your software? 
Aleph One / aleph1 typed:
How much do you owe me?
The differences between my secure http server and Netscape's browser
are quite dramatic, so I think you deserve a fairly comprehensive answer.
My get-only server cannot run outside applications, and hence does not
have the vulnerability of Netscape's browser.  Note also the distinction
between a server and a browser.
My get-only server is available in source form, is 80 lines long and
thus easily understood, has been shown to meet security properties, is
now in the process of being mathematically proven to meet those
properties, and is published in a refereed journal which can be used to
confirm its contents in detail.  Hence, I do provide secure distribution
through purely physical means.

@_date: 1995-10-24 10:50:17
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
A secure get-only server for those of us who want security and the
normal functions required by most Web users most of the time. That certainly increases the security.  Actually, we are now experimenting
with an execution server that allows some level of security while running
executables - have you tried using our secure forms interface?  Probably
Actually, it uses TCP wrappers, which provides a different sort of access
It is a secure, get-only server - as advertised.
Actually, it does redirect, but not in the way you are used to.
That's one of the ways it is made secure.  If you want to change
configurations, you have to recompile.  Otherwise, dangerous config
changes can easily be made - that would be risky.
It doesn't allow access to the whole file system, thus gaining
additional protection from configuration errors, misuse, mismanagement,
Get only - that's what it claims and that's what it does.
Get only - that's what it claims and that's what it does.
Get only - that's what it claims and that's what it does.
Get only - that's what it claims and that's what it does.
Actually, it's faster (I've clocked it) than the NCSA server.
The claim is that it does not weaken the security provided by the
operating system.  Nothing else.
Get only - that's what it claims and that's what it does.
Right.  It's a SECURE get only http server.  The usual sense of the word
means insecure.
I never boasted it was a prodigious feat at all.  In fact, I published
the fact that it was written in a few hours because I got tired of
worying about and fixing the insecure servers available over the net. It is in the process of being proven to meet the security requirements,
which is a prodigous feat (and which I am not doing).
Actually, not true.  The global fixed-length buffers, shared variables,
and lack of prototypes provide protection against allocation problems
which sould result in denial of service, corruptions at near-capacity
load, and other similar security problems.
The error checking on system call returns is quite thorough for the
purposes required.  Where no check is done, it is because the check
is not required.
I realize now that you think that all Ph.D.s program like you do, but in
this case, the style of the program is intended to meet the requirement
of the task.  Unlike many who learned in the "structured programming"
method, I believe that different program requirements call for different
programming styles.  This program is in a style suited to the
requirements which include, among other things, verifiability, small
size, ease of unsderstanding, controls on the flow of information,
integrity, availability, confidentiality, and redundancy.  But at any
rate, there's no accounting for taste.
If it doesn't, it's probably going to be very hard to demonstrate security.
Yet it services more than one request per minute, 24 hours, 7 days, and
has done so without denial of services, corruption, or leakage since its
first implementation.  It's so small it can be verified, it's faster
than the retail brand, and it doesn't have all the holes we keep finding
in tho other servers.  Different strokes for different folks.

@_date: 1995-10-24 13:04:15
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: MD5 weakness ? [was Re: Netscape Logic Bomb detailed by IETF] 
Since you asked:
It's a really complex issue.
be many-to-one, which means that, in practice, there are always large
numbers (2^large numbers) of sources for any given hash.  This means
that forgeries are always possible. the workload for creating) a forgery is hard for any "one-way" hash
function.  This seems to mean that we are always betting on faith about
these things. exponentiation in a modulus that's the product of two appropriate primes
(a.k.a.  RSA but throw out the private key when you create it); certain
classes of non-linear feedback shift registers of high degree; and some
general class of mixing algorithms like MD5. up tomorrow and lay waste to the whole thing.  Non-linear feedback shift
registers have the advantage that we don't know how to factor
high-degree equations, so we don't know how to make simple closed form
solutions to find output values.  MD5-type systems are good because they
combine diffusion and confusion and avoid a lot of the more well-known
flaws as far as we know. have to take a risk management approach.  So the ultimate question here
is, how much are we willing to bet that nobody can break one of these in
the intended application over a particular time frame. implemented, for a single short time-frame low-valued transaction.  For
example, pick a good pseudo-random number and create an RSA one-way hash
of 512 bits (the random number issue is of course another whole area),
encrypt the first bloack, Xor with the second block, encrypt the result,
etc.  till done, then Xor again with the original random seed, send the
file and the hash along with the one-way key, and get a confirmation
back within a few days. an economy over open communications links, and I especially don't trust
them when combined or when the security of one depends on another.  To
run an economy, I think you need more redundancy, more personnel
security, more stop-loss capabilities, physically secure devices,
independent checks and balances, etc.
the RSA and MD5, etc.  but this seems to me to be a mischaracterization. They trust these systems to an extent, but they have key change
requirements, regular audits, physical security, relatively secured
communications lines (when compared to the Internet), strong procedural
controls (most of the time), and other such protections, and they still
get hammered for a few million now and then.
getting tired of my posts and I have made the major points.

@_date: 1995-10-24 15:54:11
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
I wasn't advertising.  I was simply answering questions brought up about
my secure W3 server by another person who posted to the list.  For some
reason they thought that they should bring it into the discussion, so I
responded. As I have said many times to many others, please go ahead and do it.  I
only wrote the secure server to demonstrate that it was no big deal to
have a secure server and to ease my own fears about protecting all.net
from outside attacks like the ones with buffer overflows.  The source is
on-line and available to anyone, and I only ask a fee if you decide to
use it for commercial purposes.  Nobody has paid me yet, and I assume
they never will.
But how would you demonstrate the security properties?
It's a secure get-only server.  It only handles 99+% of the real uses of
web servers.
I agree, but rather than redesign their server, I wrote my own in a few
hours and made it available as an example.  I think that CERN should
make their server secure.
I now do handle forms (another separate 100 line server not yet released).
Please see the experimental version on-line at all.net.
My secure server includes the chroot  and setUID code in it.  Your C-wrapper
would be part of your code - that adds several lines.  And I don't need Perl
which I think makes it much more secure.  (There I go casting doubts on Perl
Pretty close, but you don't provide any protection against denial of
services (e.g.  by openning up 1024 simultaneous sessions and leaving
them open indefinately) against accessing files that aren't there (you
need an error message of some sort - mine does a redirect to the home
page), you don't enforce access controls on the host machine, there may
be buffer overflows associated with long requests, you don't handle some
possible URLs, you don't seem to handle the default URL, you don't
identify the kind of error that caused the failed access, and you don't
provide an audit trail.  Add those and I'll look again to see if there
are other possible problems.

@_date: 1995-10-25 03:52:48
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
It's detailed to some extent in the on-line paper about the server.
Right - that's why you have to have timeouts.  Unfortunately, I only
prevent denial of services attacks once things hit the server.  I think
the TCP wrapper also has a timeout on it's request for authentication. As I said, the system is not made less secure by the server.  It's very
common for other http servers to start a process, lose the link to the
calling host, and leave processes hung out to dry.  Even without an
intentional attack, servers end up with hundreds of processes hanging
around after a few weeks of uptime.  If you get 1024 hung channels, you
have denial of services on most http implementations.

@_date: 1995-10-25 04:22:42
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
Could it be that you are from IP addresses 198.95.250.69?
If so, your firewall (or other mechanism) is presenting an incomplete
falsehood about the mapping between your host name and your IP address.
Oct 24 21:19:15 all in.thttpd[20865]: warning: can't verify hostname: gethostbyname(unknown.netscape.com) failed
Oct 24 21:19:15 all in.thttpd[20865]: refused connect from 198.95.250.69
Oct 24 21:19:46 all in.thttpd[20919]: warning: can't verify hostname: gethostbyname(unknown.netscape.com) failed
Oct 24 21:19:46 all in.thttpd[20919]: refused connect from 198.95.250.69
Oct 24 21:19:58 all in.thttpd[20945]: warning: can't verify hostname: gethostbyname(unknown.netscape.com) failed
Oct 24 21:19:58 all in.thttpd[20945]: refused connect from 198.95.250.69
My server refuses connections from hosts when the IP address doesn't
match to the host name.  This is a common method for reducing the level
of address forgery on the Internet.  Please ask your firewall manager to
repair the firewall so we can authenticate you.

@_date: 1995-10-25 07:09:01
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
That's a policy decision, not a technical one.  The policy I have
decided to follow is that I don't support people with non-authenticable
IP addresses.  I feel it is in the best interest of the Internet and of
the organizations using the Internet (like Netscape) that I prevent
people from claiming to be from Netscape with possibly forged IP
addresses.  You should feel free to make your policy decisions as
you feel best, while I certainly exercize that freedom on my end.
That's not right.  My service requires authentication in the sense of
not allowing obviously forged IP addresses.  The audit trails generated
by the process allow me to my services, send mail (when people use the
ident daemon) about improvements.  For example, there was an
inaccessible file due to an error on my part - my automated error
detection system popped the error up on the screen within a few seconds,
I investigated, fixed the proteciton setting, and sent email to the
person letting them know that the file was now accessible and that it
way my fault.  This is also used as part of the identification process
used to assure that information is not sent to locations where I am
aware it is illegal to send it.  For example, Singapore has restrictions
that make it illegal to send them certain things, and I check for their
addresses as part of my access controls - made feasible via the IP
address verification process.
Because secure means more than "you can't harm me by using it".  It
implies integrity, availability, confidentiality, and redundancy to
provide assurance that those things are the case.  It implies not only
keeping my site from being attacked, but trying to obey the laws of
countries from all over the world, keeping my site from being use to
attack other sites, limiting legal liabilities, and on and on.  If
someone choses to use a non-verifiable network address, I choose to
not provide services.
It's wrong to make assumptions about what I care about when you haven't
asked me.  I care about you and everyone else using the Internet.  I
care enough to help prevent forgeries by not supporting them, and to
help people debug their (perhaps faulty) firewalls by identifying the
source of problems and helping them resolve them.  I think that
authentication at some level is appropriate for anyone who uses
computers, even anonymously.

@_date: 1995-10-25 10:25:00
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
The design of the server is documented in a white paper stored in our
W3 server.  Look under the URL below and select:

@_date: 1995-11-01 18:35:42
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: "Dr." Fred 
Most of then could still beat your chess game.
Sour grapes, and from an anonymous poster too.  Oooo - I'm insulted.
I have been thinking about the issues of anonymity for some time, and I
have been convinced for some time that you can't have both integrity and
anonymity.  I thought there might be ways to accomplish this, but the
cypherpunks have convinced me it isn't true.  Show some integrity and
tell us who you are.

@_date: 1995-11-02 10:38:22
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [FRED] Anonymity and Integrity 
Integrity:= 1) Steadfast adherence to a strict moral and ethical code.
In this context, I might be misinterpreted as having meant that it is
impossible to have both integrity and anonymity.  That is not what I
meant, although it is probably also true in a very strict sense.
To clarify, I don't think you can assure integrity when you have anonymity.
This follows from my earlier writings (circa 1984-89), which are fairly
extensive, and in which I made the only marginally supported claim that
you can't have (i.e., assure) both integrity and secrecy in a system
with sharing.  This came originally from the result that integrity +
secrecy = no sharing (ala the combination of Biba and Bell-LaPadula)
which was extended into a POset which characterizes the extent to which
integrity and secrecy can be maintained based on transitive information
The less mathematical reasoning is that in order to be able to verify
integrity, you have to be able to examine the information that is
secret, while having secrecy requires that you not be able to have
independent verification.  Thus the two limit each other. Anonymity, in this copntext, can be thought of as secrecy.

@_date: 1995-11-02 19:41:54
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [FRED] Anonymity and Integrity 
A typical quotation taken out of context.  You missed the part after "I
meant" where I explained that I meant you couldn't assure ...  - That
is, you could have both or not have both, but you couldn't be certain
that you had both.
If the message was not of any particular import to anyone, integrity
would not be a very big issue, but suppose you took quotes out of
context and cleverly tried to construct a picture of the other person
as not being reputable.  People who read the message might believe that
what you said was true, or at least had a grain of truth to it.  That
sort of message lacks integrity, and the reason it lacks integrity is
because it has anonymity, not just because it's false and misleading.
To clarify even further, I seem to recall a posting some months ago from
an anonymous source declaring a new on-line for-sale forum called the
Internet Security Newsletter (or some such thing).  The anonymity of the
poster in the context of asking for money and the fact that one of the
people who was claimed to be on the board of editors was not, in fact, a
participant, led to the question of who the person was.  It turned out
that this person had a substantial history of putting forth falsehoods
as well as other related things that might have been very helpful in
evaluating the credence of his statements.  It turned out that the
newsletter was, at least in some sense and without making value
judgements, legitimate; but the anonymity of the person making the posts
made it harder to assure the integrity of the statements made, which
exacerbated the assurance issue. I don't know you, which also means that I don't know your motives.  This
brings up the problem that, even though your postings may be true and
your motives honorable, they may not be, and there is no way to look
into your background and evaluate your history in order to assess your
statements.  In many cases, I believe statements because of their source
and my experience with that source.
I understand that over time, reputations can be built up for pseudonyms
(which are not necessarily anonyms) but then, with a pseudonym we might
reasonably ask what the motive is for hiding the real identity.  Is it
for fun? Because it's there? In solidarity for those who have legitimate
reasons for remaining anonymous? Or is it a means to influence others
for personal or national gain? Is it a way of spreading disinformation?
Is it a way to escape liability for slanderous statements? Is it a way
to keep people from finding out that there is a personal grudge being
played out? Without knowing the motive, how can we assess the
statements? In fact, how can we know that the original pseudonym still
applies? Someone could kill you and take over your pseudonym, and even
though we might hear of your death, the pseudonym might continue based
on your reputation but with another actual source.
It's an interesting concept that each statement should/could be taken on
its own and evaluated independently of the rest of a person's life
context, but in my experience, that has serious problems.
An important point.  The more we know, the more certain we can be.  With
computer-based anonymity as it is practiced today, and ignoring the
examples of the pseudonyms that were broken by legal warrant, we have
very little knowledge about the originator of a message, and thus we
have very little assurance of the integrity of their messages.  The
history built up over time for a given pseudonym certainly increases the
assurance associated with it, but there are other problems with this.
Example: I have two (N) pseudonyms that put forth different points of
view specifically directed to create different kinds of credence to
different audiences.  If the audiences knew that both (several) of the
pseudonyms were in fact the same person, they would have very different
beliefs about the individual given the combined picture than they might
get from any one of the pictures.
It's not only the True Name that's at issue.  It's the association of a
set of messages and historical information with a source.  For example,
if we knew you were a KGB agent working in the disinformation and
economic espionage branches, we might evaluate your postings differently
than if we knew you were a high-school student from Deluth whose father
taught her a lot about cryptography when she was young.

@_date: 1995-11-03 10:49:28
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Anonymity and integrity 
Futplex  opines:
... [example was here - saving bandwidth]...
You are correct in stating that it doesn't prove anything, but that, it
seems to me, is universally true.  Nothing you can ever do can prove
absolute integrity.  The issue then comes down to whether you get more
integrity by knowing (or having access to) the full body of informaiton
about a source.  I think you do.
But with the name, if you had chosen to, you could have done a great
deal to learn about the history of the individual - through his
published works, the many fine and not so fine things he has done in his
career, etc.  It is the availability of this reference material that
makes the identity that much more useful. It is interesting that you take this line, especially in a forum where
so many people trust so much that is posted without verifying it.  For
example, who on the cypher punks list verified the posting made by the
people from MIT regarding Java?  Was it simply the trusted MIT name that
caused you to take int on faith?
One of the underlying assumptions of the scientific establishment, and
in fact science itself, is that results be published and verifiable, but
in reality, almost all results are not verified, and even the most
startling results aren't verified before many people begin to place
trust in them.
Example of a relatively quick response to such an assertion was the Cold
Fusion situation a few years ago.  On the other hand, the professor at
the University of Pittsburgh who published results based on faked data
(this is a gross simplification, I know) was widely believed for many
The fact is that, today, there are simply too many results to verify
them all along with the underlying data they depend on, the software
used to generate them, etc.  As a result, we are increasingly left with
trusting the people rather than the results.  Another issue is that the
resources required to reproduce "big science" are not available to most
people.  Has anyone reproduced Adleman's experiments on bilogical
computation? I know of nobody that has, and would love to do it myself,
but I don't have the necessary equipment.  This is an Earthshaking
result with enormous long-term consequences, and I'm certain it's right
because I agree with the underlying theory and don't see any reason for
anyone to lie about it, but if Nostragnia of the Crydon Republic had
published it anonymously, I would be much more hesitant to accept it
and so would you (all).
The question is not whether the signature is right, but rather, are
there other reasons to believe or not believe - trust or not trust -
etc.  the sender.  The less anonymity, the better this is revealed.
The point of non-pseudonyms is that if you want to know you can try to
find out.  If others know additional relevant information and decide to
reveal it, you can tell that much the better.  It also reuces blatant
character assasination (which brings some level of civility) and forces
people to take personal responsibility for what they say and do.  All
of these things, in my opinion, increase integrity.

@_date: 1995-11-03 06:19:20
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Surviving DNS disruption 
Sten Drescher opined:
We all know that an alternative DNS structure would rapidly appear, and
perhaps even a second US (black) Internet - with links between the old
and new fully automatic and transparent.  However, perhaps a good
cypherpunks project would be to create and test a contingency plan and
start an alternative DNS system in parallel with the government run ones.

@_date: 1995-11-05 12:41:59
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Real randomness generators 
Two points:
On the the subject at hand:
EM waves (which is what video and radio noise are) for generating
randomness. As a side issue, you may find that once you start sending enough
information with truly random characteristics, you will be visited by
people that don't want you sending it.  I know people who have
experienced these visitations and felt highly constrained as a result.

@_date: 1995-11-05 20:13:30
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
I hope nobody would believe that either France or Israel would provide
secure communications.  France has a global reputation for industrial
espionage, and Israel almost certainly listens to all the traffic it
can.  That's probably true of most industrialized nations in today's world.

@_date: 1995-11-06 18:17:23
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: nym-compoop 
You're just fine.
Yes - and for other purposes as well.
Is this really him, or just a secretary with electronically generated
keyword search and reply capabilities?
Time zone differences.  I also wish my mailer understood GMT so it would
properly sort events in time order instead of sender time of day order.

@_date: 1995-11-06 19:02:23
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Java insecurity - long - argumentative - you are warned. 
WARNING - THIS MESSAGE CONTAINS INFORMATION THAT MIGHT BE CONSIDERED AS
A FLAME BY SOME READERS - IT IS LONG AND TEDIOUS - YOU ARE WARNED!
But not non-subversive code?  Sounds like a value judgement to me.
Subversive code is not otherwise defined in these documents.
Is incorrect code subversive?  Vica versa? Does Java provide defenses
against my code not properly calculating numbers?
Just because it is opaque, doesn't mean you can't happen across a valid
(but perhaps undesirable) handle.  Sounds like a good issue for attack
by crypto-types.  How do we guess the handle of the disk IO routines?
Is the language un-predictable? The same program executes differently
each time? A pseudo-random allocation? What is the technique used to
implement this, and why should we believe it is in fact secure in some
sense.  And if so, in what sense?
What are these "safety rules"?  No reference to them in this document!
Wait a minute.  If it's so safe, what code can possibly be sent in that
would cause a violation? If the prover is so simple, how can it show
things (e.g., program correctness) in real-time on a PC that the rest of
the world can't show with supercomputers over extended periods? What
EXACTLY are these things doing, and why should we believe they are safe?
So there are byte code sequences that can break the interpreter!
Not so easily proven, is it?
Huh? I thought you couldn't have incorrect types.  Do they mean that you
can have incorrect types but that they are detected by the verifier at
load time?
How about legal ones - like converting integers to pointers via case
What exactly does this mean?
Can computers actually "know" anything?
No runtime checking whatsoever.  Get past the supposed verifier, and you
have free run of the machine.  A single verifier bug or inadequacy, and
the world is unsafe for electronic commerce.  And has the Java code been
verified to prove the claimed properties?  Against what criteria?  Where's
the beef?
But they can explicitly reference each other? I can only explicitly open
a file called command.com on your PC?
Who wants to bet that 99+% of all users configure "Allow all network
accesses".  Hot Java today is defaulted to this state. In other words, it assumes the other three levels worked properly.
If they don't, you're screwed.
You're screwed.
By default - ask the user.  That's restrictive? Please press the OK
button to have our free Lotus update loaded into your computer.
So today, if the admin specifies the proper IP address ranges when
loading Java into each computer in the network, and if no user ever
installs Java on their own, "code" downloads from external machines
may be stopped - unless the user says OK.
How about the more than 99.99% of users who are not knowledgable of HotJava?
Unless that machine acts as a gateway for further processing.
The user dictates the security policy.  Any user in your site can
potentially, through error or omission or intent, open up a hole to your
entire network by accidentally pressing the OK button one time or by
setting a configuration parameter incorrectly.  And your firewall will
not save you.
ASBESTOS SUITS MAY NOW BE REMOVED - FLAME OFF.
When: Tuesday, November 7, 8AM
Where: The Hilton, Washington D.C. (the CSI conference)
The talk: 50 Ways to Attack Your World Wide Web Systems
If you want a chance to heckle - be there.

@_date: 1995-11-06 19:58:37
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Crypto++, Cpunk Icons, list noise 
In the United States, we have the right to express whatever view we
wish, so long as it doesn't endanger others (e.g., insight to riot,
scream "fire" in a crowded theater when there is no fire, etc.). Everyone has an inherent right to question why a person seeks moments of
anonymity or privacy. As far as people being placed on the defensive, if you want to be
defensive it's your choice.  In terms of understanding what you say,
without understanding the WHY, it's harder to understand and evaluate
the WHAT.
When people use the cover of anonymity to make attempts at character
assasination, they WHY certainly seems a central issue.  Is it that the
people who post such attacks are cowards? Do they have ulterior motives?
Or are they simply upset about something else in their life and taking
it out on others.  Are they using anonymity to prevent responsibility or
association? Are they afraid of retribution?  Without understanding the
motive, their postings cannot be truly understood.
You don't have to defend anything, but the debate is certainly advanced
by attaching reputation.  If you were an investment banker and making
major investment decisions on a daily basis without understanding the
issue, it would being a very different understanding to our reading than
if you were a high school student.  The reason is that content without
context is devoid of meaning.  The more context we have, the more
meaning we can attributed to your content. Why wait? We have a special on truth available only today.  Tell us who
you are and we will forgive all past sins (mortal sins not included,
void where prohibited).
Ah - probably void there.
Your privacy is yours, but the content of your messages continues to be
degraded by the lack of adequate context for their interpretation.
David had only a slingshot.  An anonymous remailer would have reduced
his risks too.

@_date: 1995-11-06 22:18:46
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Crypto++, Cpunk Icons, list noise 
s1113645 typed:
The anonymity will not protect you very well against libel laws.  The
provider will be suied for libel, and unless they reveal your identity,
they will likely lose in court.  If they cannot reveal the identity,
they will also likely lose the suit.  All the anonymous providers are
doing is giving you anonymity in exchange for their liability.  Even
international anonymity systems are not imune to such threats, as we have
been shown by the Church of whatever.
If it's just a license to slander people, I don't want to support
anonymity.  There are valid reasons for remaining anonymous, but being
able to avoid liability for slander is not one of them.
Slander is in the realm of the courts to decide - at least in the U.S.

@_date: 1995-11-17 08:23:04
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security (reply to misc. postings) 
It seems clear from this that Netscape, or at least Marianne who seems
to speak for Netscpe, doesn't understand the protection issues that my
clients face.  I will nevertheless forward this official Netscape line
to them so they can better understand why I tell them it is insecure.

@_date: 1995-11-17 13:04:14
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
But of course, the sendmail problems are all related to other problems with
Unix, and the common thread to all of the sendmail attacks is Unix, so many
people blame Unix, not sendmail (although I think there is enough blame to
go around).
Grabbing anything from anywhere isn't the problem.  The problem is how you
interpret it.  Information only has meaning in that it is interpreted.
I didn't say wrong, evil, or bad.  I only said insecure.  My complaints
against Netscape and Sun are not that their Web browsers are insecure -
it is that they are selling these browsers based on security.  The
general public, and most of the users in the world, don't percieve the
difference between SSL and Java and secure - they hear that SSL makes
them safe, that Java makes them safe, and they believe it. It's like selling me a gun and calling it safe because it has a safety on it.
The safety doesn't make a gun safe, it only makes it safer against particular
classes of problems.  Gun sellers don't call guns safe, and neither should
sellers of Web browsers.
If the user claims to provide safety, that should apply to the least
knowledgeable user, not only to the most knowledgeable.  Almost any
system can be operated securely by the most knowledgeable user.  That's
not the market Netscape and Java are aimed toward.
I said neither.  I said that people shouldn't claim that Web browsers
are safe just because they have some safety features.  The same applies
to guns. If that were true, I wouldn't have a real problem with it, but it's not
true.  Most people don't understand the risks.  In fact, even most
people on this list apparently don't understand the risks.  People see
benefits because they pop out at them on the screen.  People only see
risks when they get burned by them and are aware of it.
I think that very few people weigh the risks of Netscape/HotJava because
almost nobody is even aware of them.  Of the people that do weigh the
risks, many of them listen to people who say that Netscape/Java is
secure.  Very few of them pay real attention to the details of what is
actually claimed about security.
Then we have the people at Netscape/Sun and many of the people on this
list who keep telling people that these products are secure.  We hear
again and again that they should blame any negative results of using
these products on their users and the copy of ghostscript or postscript
they imported to make their browser read the files they want to read. If companies claim a secure browser, it should be secure regardless of
the typical errors and omissions made by the least sophistocated user.
Current Web browsers are unsafe - so are most current users.  Bullets
kill people, but for the most part, people pull the triggers, and a gun
is the enabling technology.  When you hand millions of people who know
nothing about guns with loaded oozies and put them into crowds, you can
hardly claim no responsibility when they start shooting each other.

@_date: 1995-11-21 07:08:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: "Dear Newt" Letter... 
*** FLAME ON ***
Quoted in complete context for your protection:
Whoa!  Clinton didn't start the Clipper initiative.  Try Ragan/Bush!
Administration's efforts - hardly.  They inherited and mostly agreed
computer users at home and abroad - not according to what I've seen and
read - they want to stop export of good crypto, not internal use thereof.
It's the FBI that wants to read all your email and tap your phones.  The
administration is just going along as far as I can tell, and so is Newt.
The vast majority of consumers don't care as far as I can tell.  Same
with most of the small business community (the vast majority of the
whole business community in the US).
Dead flat wrong.  What is required is an export license, and they are
What's your basis for this conclusion? They have not said so as far as I
can tell. Which ones said exactly what?
Finally something I agree on.
I don't think most consumers care at all unless and until it directly
affects them in a way they can see and understand the connection with. There already is a GII, America is in the lead in some areas, and the
privacy issue is not a very important one judging by the vast majority
of users who use it regardless of and in ignorance of privacy protection.
There is almost no consumer demand for encryption.  The demand that
exists is primarily business and government, and the government side
seems to think Clipper is a good idea.
It's not as good for American business as it could be, but Clipper might
be very good for American businesses currently being attacked by foreign
interests.  These hundred of foreign encryption products may contain the
same sorts of holes you fear in US products.  Your proposal might be
even worse for the US. History does not agree with you.  Progress has not histoprically been
generated by the availability of encryption.  It may be in the future,
but for now your claim seems unsupported to me.
I believe Newt is in favor of clipper and national defense and law
enforcement, all of which strongly support CLipper, wire tapping, etc. If the NRA has all that cash, why don't they support a much better
letter to Newt that is well supported by facts and has enough punch to
really sway him?

@_date: 1995-11-24 11:00:41
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Spam the Sign! 
What's important to the government is that the crypto not be exported.  If
Netscape did this, the government might try to take them to court to make
an example of them, or might leave them alone to support the information
superhighway, or might refuse to ever buy any Netscape, or whatever.  The
point for Netscape is than none of these are good for the corporation.
Maybe their executives don't want to deal with the possibility of going to
jail and are staying far from the edge of the law.  Maybe they are too busy
trying to find some way to make money.
But why would they want to risk this? As squeeky clean as it is, we now
all know that they know that making it available this way is exporting
it.  It's also possible that one of the people who took part in it would
turn State's evidence, or that this would result in a loss of
shareholder confidence, or that the people running Netscape support the
government position, or even that they just don't want the controversey.
This is illegal as well.  The programmer is exporting the cryptosystem,
and may even be guilty of treason (probably not).  If you really want
strong crypto, just buy it fom one of the hundreds of legitimate
overseas suppliers.  If you want to export strong crypto Netscape,
rewrite Netscape outside the US.  It's not that complex a program.

@_date: 1995-11-15 04:18:56
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
On a closely related vein, Sun has announced that they are severely
limiting some functions in HotJava - from Risks-17-45:
: The paper written by the two students at Princeton describes possible
: attacks on the alpha3 HotJava browser, which have all been fixed in JDK
: beta.  Granted, until this week, the source code for JDK beta wasn't
: available, so it's understandable that they analyzed the alpha3 source base.
: : We understand people need more information on the security model, and we're
: taking time right now to document the security story more rigorously.  A
: security FAQ, an updated whitepaper, detailed user documentation and
: detailed implementor's documentation are all being worked on.
: : ...
: : Access Control Lists are greatly restricted in beta,
:         as compared to the situation in the alpha3 HotJava browser. :         ACLs are initialized - only once - by the applet security
:         manager, and are not user configurable.
: :         For a file not on the access control list, an applet cannot
: :         - check for the existence of the file
:         - read the file :         - write the file :         - check the file type
:         - check if the file is a directory
:         - check the timestamp when the file was last modified
:         - check the file's size
:         - create a directory :         - rename the file
:         - list the files in this file (as if it were a directory)
: :         Applets cannot
: :         - create a FileInputStream :         - create a RandomAccessFile, either for reading or writing
:         - Open file descriptors
: :   2.  Sockets: : :         Applets cannot : :         - Create socket connections other than to its own host
:         - Create a socket factory
: :   3.  Loading/linking: : :         Applets cannot : :         - Create class loaders
:         - Access a package in the sun.* hierarchy
:         - Define a new class in the java.* hierarchy
:         - Link dynamic libraries using System.loadLibrary()
:         - Disable or override the AppletSecurityManager
: :   4.  Process control: : :         Applets cannot : :         - Define native methods
:         - Fork processes
:         - Manipulate threads or thread groups outside of the
:           applet's thread group
:         - Exit the virtual machine (e.g., the browser or the appletviewer)
: :   5.  awt: : :         Applets cannot
: :         - Create toplevel windows that don't have a warning banner
: : ...
I had a rather lengthy discussion with a gentleman from Sun at the CSI
conference last Tuesday night, and this announcement follows many of the
things we discussed very closely.  This kind of consistency between what
people say and what the company published is refreshing, and it restores
my faith in Sun's desire to do things well.  Of course there are still
some problems left unresolved:
: It's very difficult, if not impossible, for a web browser to completely
: prevent denial of service attacks.  The JDK applet API doesn't claim to
: prevent denial of service attacks.  A "denial of service" attack is where
: someone writes an applet whose goal is to consume all available resources on
: your computer, forcing you to kill the browser you're running.  For example,
: someone could write an applet that creates a million pop-up windows.  The
: windows don't do anything, but creating a million of them might use up all
: the virtual memory on your computer and you'd have to kill the web browser
: to reclaim the virtual memory.
: : Before people engage in too much wailing and gnashing of teeth about
: how applets have been too severely restricted - : : We want to enable applets to do interesting things, including making
: socket connections, and reading and writing to the file system.  One
: way to enable that is to used a signed class loader.  When a trusted
: applet is loaded, then the applet could be granted permission to do
: some of the things they are prevented from doing by default.
: : The goal is to ensure that untrusted applets can't steal or damage
: information on a computer running a Java-enabled browser.  Later, we can
: allow trusted applets to do things that untrusted applets are not allowed to
: do.  Since an implementation bug in a trusted applet could open a loophole
: that could be exploited by an untrusted applet, design matters.
Similarly, if your HotJava allows an insecure Postscript implementation
to interpret postscript files, you're still beat.
I do think that this response by Sun, regardless of the technical merits
of the particulars, demonstrates a desire to improve protection and a
willingness to listen.  My compliments for that.

@_date: 1995-11-16 16:09:54
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
I thought all Netscape and Sun communications come from their PR
departments.  You can't have it both ways.  Your position seems to be:
This is baloney.  When you work for Netscape or Sun and speak about your
company's products, you are representing the company whether you
disclaim it or not.
because without inetd, sendmail, ident daemon, HTTP daemons, syslogd,
and all those other add-on software pieces, if your users act perfectly
and nobody ever makes a mistake, you are safe from known attacks. When syslog has a bug, most Unix systems become insecure.  These are
commonly called Unix insecurities.
become insecure - including Netscape, including HotJava.  If the only
commonly available postscript programs are insecure, the products have
hooks designed to allow postscript to be used automatically to interpret
programs from over the net, and servers commonly provide information in
postscript format, the enabling technology (i.e., Netscape and Hot Java)
is responsible for the vulnerability.
vulnerability, but since it works under Windows and OS/2 and every other
system that runs Netscape or HotJava, it is a Netscape and HotJava
HotJava and Netscape ALSO provide hooks to command interpreters and
other insecure software, so we can't just pin it on the add-ons.  The
common thread is the Web browser, and that's where the blame belongs. Not with the millions of users, not with the tens of add-ons, not with
the various operating environment, but with the one common thread, the
Web browser.

@_date: 1995-11-23 06:00:43
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security [NOISE] 
This is not correct, at least according to legal precident.  If someone who
is from Sun representes themselves as being from Sun (i.e., a Sun.Com email
address in their signature line), then when they speak (or email) about Sun,
its products, its policies, etc., they represent Sun.
There is indeed a difference, but it's not as big as you might seem to
think.  Even more importantly, there is a difference between the person
from Amalgamated Widget speaking on strong crypto and the person from
Sun speaking on Java.
In fact, employees represent the company any time they use company
names, symbols, stationary, return addresses, etc.
If the Netscape legal staff and corporate security board haven't made
this clear to management and employees, that's pretty bad.  If the
officers of Netscape haven't taken appropriate policy measures to notify
employees of this potential liability (it appears that at least they
haven't notified Phillip), then negative consequences could result in
personal liability to the officers (a shareholder lawsuit would be the
most common cause of such liability).  As a Netscape employee, you
should immediately point this out to the corporate person you report to,
and do so in writing.
This sort of lapse is a strong indicator that inadequate IT audit has
been done in Netscape.  In a comprehensive IT audit, such policy lapses
should be identified quickly and changes in corporate policies should
follow very closely. You are still speaking for Netscape, but hopefully after reading this
message, you and your company will realize it.

@_date: 1995-12-02 02:40:22
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Getting a copy of the Jim Clark speech 
How about a LiveScript bathing suit that covers up the interesting parts
of the picture and replaces them with a statement that because they are
supporting Netscape's (whatever), this part of the picture has been
blanked along with indformation on where they can get an alternative
free browser that will show the rest of the picture. -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-02 17:53:41
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: John Gage's comments at Computer Security Day in Cleveland 
John Gave gave an interesting pitch for Java at the CSSI Computer
Security Day sessions in Cl;evelan yesterday (November 30).  Among
his comments were:
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-02 21:26:48
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Netscape, Mosaic, and other goodies. 
Isn't it strange that the same people on this list who have been giving
abuse to those of us who have been warning you about Netscape - are now
coming to see that we were right all along?
My point is NOT what you may think it is (i.e., that we were right and
you were wrong).  My point is that people on this list are a little bit
too quick to jump to conclusions.  Some of you are now marching off in
opposition to Netscape based on a rumor about what someone from Netscape
said and a report of a grant by the NSA.  This sort of knee jerk reaction
is often inappropriate.
As to the idea of going with NCSA's mosaic, I'm all for it.  In fact,
that's the browser I've been using all along - mostly because it comes
in source form so I can modify it for my less-popular operating
environment, because there's no fee for its use, and because it's not a
hyped up commercial venture with a stock having a price to earnings ratio
of 7,000.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-02 21:30:58
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Info on Netscape's key escrow position 
The point Netscape seems to miss is that by refusing to go with weak
crypto and having the best product on the market, Netscape may be able
to force these governments into a position of accepting it.
Suppose Netscape took the position that it was 512 bit RSA, and that it
was for sale to anyone who wanted to buy it? The result would either be
a billion dollars of market impact and a collapse of the high-tech stock
bubble we are now building, or the government backing down.
If the US government backed down, and Netscape became the best product
around and maintained that lead for a long time, other countries would
either have to allow Netscape in, or suffer the consequences of falling
behind in the IT curve.
The right move for Netscape is to improve crypto-security, to refuse to
give in to government, and to publicly vilify the people in government
who stand in their way.  When billions of dollars are at stake and the
blame is placed squarely on the shoulders of a politician trying to
claim economic improvements based on their policies, the politician is
likely to yield.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-14 12:50:52
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
The timing of cryptosystems to get keys is a special case of covert
channels, and it is not correct to claim that trusted systems (ala the
TCSEC) fail to account for this.
The problem with covert channels (including timing channels such as the
one that gets key material) runs pretty deep.  For example, Shannon's
theory says that for any finite amount of noise, we can always send
information through such a channel at a bandwidth dictated by the signal
to noise ratio.  Furthermore, any time a computational resource with
known characteristics is shared in a way that depends on a secret in any
way, that secret is leaked through the covert channel associated with
the shared resource. So the difference between processing a one and a zero even in many forms
of multiplication can be used to determine characteristics of many secret
If you are willing to spend enough effort charactierizing these things,
no system with information-dependent shared resources (e.g., the
Internet) can hold its secrets (a bit of poetic license there). -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-13 02:06:25
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Random time won't save you - it just increases the noise, thus reducing
the effective bandwidth of the covert channel.  To get the time, I only
need to do enough repetitions of the same computation to eliminate the
effect of the randomness and I have the same resulting information about
the key.
The only way to completely remove covert channels is by making the
measurable time completely independent of the actual time.
One way with the RSA might be to do the encryption with the key and the
inverse of the key (hence all 0s become 1s and 1s become 0s).
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-13 13:49:58
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Time-based cryptanalysis: How to defeat it? 
I think that a lot of chosen plaintext attacks work regardless of timing
analysis.  For example, there is a well known chosen plaintext attack
against the RSA.  The deeper issue is that all of the efficient
algorithms for modular exponentiation take more time for 1s than for 0s. So the way to get security is to sacrifice efficiency (a widely known
but rarely proven reality).
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-13 15:17:37
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: The Elevator Problem (a.k.a. build a private key in public) 
Alice: tell Bob your public key
Bob: use Alice's public key to encrypt a random number and tell it to everyone
Now: start communicating using the random number as a private key.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-16 13:55:30
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: .PWL spin 
I think your impression of the corporate work environment is a bit naive,
just as most people in the commercial environment have misimpressions about
university environments.
In universities, the faculty rules - sort of.  The administration also
has a great deal of power as is usually wielded by the deans.  In
corporations there are often several levels of management, each with
control and responsibility.
Just as a university president has little chance of success in ordering
something that is viewed by the faculty as a breach of privacy or heavy
handed action, the CEO of most companies is similarly constrained.  In
fact, it would be rare that either would get involved is this level of
decision. If Ford IS said "Thou Shalt Not turn on SAP advertisement" and someone
in Ford's engineering department had a requirement for SAP advertisement
in order to service a major customer, the IS department would fail (and
the person responsible for making the decision might be surprised at how
fast the human resources department can act).
In my experience, it is rarely the case that eaither a university or a
business is well protected.  Comparing one to the other is probably not
very useful.
One thing is for certain, however.  The vast majority of the professors
in computer science don't understand anything of substance about
information protection.  If you tried to tell them about it, chances are
they would rebuff you for your attempt.  Furthermore, professors of
computer science almost never perform systems administration duties for
the university computer center.  The computer center is almost always
run by professional staff not affiliated with the computer science
department. -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 04:25:53
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Navy hacked by Air Force? 
Credible? No.  Accurate? Yes.  We all make mistakes, and whenever I find
one that I've made, I try to admit it and fix it ASAP.  What's not
credible is people who don't correct mistakes when they find them. -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 03:58:39
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Air Force hacks Navy? Eeeek! 
Am I reading a different article? What I read was that the IW person
talked to several inside sources and found out and reported facts.  S/He
made a mistake in saying Navy instead of AF somewhere in his posting to
Risks and fixed it before sending it to the IW list (which is where I
got it).  From what I read, s/he found out the truth from people who
knew the truth and tried to get the word out.
I thought the ET article indicated an exaguration, but if it's true that
there are no Battleships in the US Navy anymore and that the attack was
run using DoD crypto equipment and networks, it's a heck of a lot
different than buying an off-the-shelf Internet package and taking down
the fleet.
I have no doubt that someone with enough expertise, classified knowledge
and equipment, access, and assistance can get some limited control over
some US Navy ships for some period of time - but I seriously doubt that
a computer whizzkid can take over the fleet from a PC via Email.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 05:17:09
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Navy hacked by Air Force? 
Not my mistake - iw mistake - only my correction.  And it
wasn't a correction to an error in this forum - the error appeared in
the Risks forum - the Cypherpunks posting (which I posted) was the
corrected one.  Am I supposed to correct mistakes in other forums made
by other people when I post to Cypherpunks?  (let me see... in 1928, a
mistake was made on page 73 of the New York Times related to cryptography, ...)
Even with only 4 years of service (after graduating from College), 25-27
years old is no longer whizzkid age in my book.  But even more
importantly, the readers who commented on this one error ignored the
main body of facts in the posting in favor of creating a conspiracy
theory.  Next we find out from yet another story that at least part of
the original story posted to Risks was in error.  According to the
second independent source, the Captain was working with the Navy's
support and knowledge.  How much do you want to bet that the story
changes again by Tuesday?
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 06:46:40
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Navy hacked by Air Force? 
Not to be picky, but...
I agree that the change was important, but...
We don't yet know how old he or she was - let's wait and see before we
jump the gun. My text was the one published in the IW forum - Risks published first,
the error was apparently found and corrected, and thus the IW forum had
the corrected text.  I will ask iw to inform Risks of the correction -
however, I did post the actual text that I got from IW!  This IT is
so complex, isn't it?
They were to different forums, hence the "I goofed" tag would seem
inappropriate in IW.  Perhaps the next risks will include an 'I goofed'
let's wait and see.
I must be getting old.  When I was growing up, all Wiz kids had to be 21
or less.  I guess the media is running out of 18-year olds making a big
I must have read it differently.  I thought that IW said something like
not all email messages, and email messages did not reproduce, not that
there were no email messages involved.  I guess we both have to start
reading more carefully.
I think that the whole issue is still pretty questionable - whether the
experiment was authorized - whether it was a wiz kid - whether they
actually took control - whether it came from the Internet or a Mil net -
whether there was insider knowledge - etc.  One thing I am becoming more
certain of though - that there are no active battleships.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 08:50:20
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: IW Mailing List iw/951222 (fwd) 
The following is forwarded from Risks [...s indicate missing regions of text]
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-23 12:25:08
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: AWARD: CHRISTMAS NET SCROOGE - AT&T & NETSCAPE?? 
I hope you don't think I'm Alice - and I don't think Alice's first name
is Fred.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-25 07:50:21
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: corporate bashing 
In that sense, many cypherpunks are not extremists, but in another
sense, many (most?) cypherpunks are.  They seem to believe that in the
Intenet, slander is acceptable behavior and that anonymity should be
used as an escape from responsibility for what they do and say.  If you
want to remain free to speak your mind, you have to become responsible
in at least two ways:
When I say must, I am not intending to mean anything less.  If the
cypherpunks continue to do these two things, they will rapidly find that
they are doing more to destroy all of our rights to free speech in the
Internet than they ever did to encourage freedom of expression.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-25 08:27:22
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: bashing (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 1253      I'm all for believing or not believing based on your understandings, but
this is not the same as slander or irresponsible behavior hidden behind
false identity.
I'm also in favor of anonymity, but not for the purpose of slander. There are a lot of good and valid reasons for anonymity, and I believe
that it is a basic requirement of freedom, but we will lose the ability
to be anonymous if enough of us abuse the freedom.
I don't and didn't blam anonymity for this.  I blame people who hide
behind anonymity as a way to be irresponsible without apparent recourse. Evaluating statements and giving your opinion is not the same as making
insluting, untrue, and crude remarks about individuals.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-25 20:56:50
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: [Rant] Flame threads and factual accuracy 
Sorry to post this to the list.  I would normally only post it in
private to the sender, but since the sender has decided to speak without
listening I guess the only way to get the message back to them is by
indirect communication.  Will someone on the list please forward this
reply to the original sender on my behalf?
I know it's a lot to ask - being responsible - but I think it's the only way
cypherpunks will survive in the coming environment.
With rights come responsibilities.  If you want the right of free speech, you
have to use it responsibly - otherwise, you will lose the right - and quite
possible lose it for me as well.
Since you don't know me, you have no idea of whether these statements
are true.  Put yourself in my place.  I posted no messages to the net
and yet I was publicly accused without any cause of doing things I did
not do by someone who knew that I didn't do them.  When I complained to
that person *in private* he published my personal mail to the list.  As
a result, you and others on the list are publicly calling me names like
a whacko with a faschist control complex.
It's not a matter of flames - it's a matter of intentionally and
maliciously perpetrating a falsehood about me in a manner and fashion
designed to damage my reputation.  That's different than voicing your
honest opinion and different than frivolous speech.  It's within your
freedom of speech to say a lot of senseless things - but it's not within
your freedom of speech to intentionally perpetrate damaging falsehoods
about other people.
Your name calling is so outrageous that nobody is likely to take you
seriously, and for that reason probably is not libelous - at least not
at the level you do it today, but what Perry did was something quite
different.  His statement could well be taken seriously - he has not
denied knowing that it was a falsehood - and it was clearly intended
to damage my reputation.
I have a better idea.  I have as much right to be here or anywhere else
as anyone in the world.  Anyone who says I don't could easily be accused
of being a "whacko with a faschist control complex", but I won't make
such accusations in public against you.  It is you who can't stand the
heat of openly discussing one of the central issues of cypherpunks -
responsibility and freedom relating to speech.  The reason you can't
stand serious conversation is because your position is unsupportable.
People who close their minds to communication and choose to make one-way
proclamations doom themseleves to ignorance.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-26 09:37:22
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: anonther anonymous poster afraid to even tell us who they are 
Another anonymous poster tells the cypherpunks to abandon liberty by
abusing it.  When will the cypherpunks learn stand up to these people.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-28 14:07:40
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: another anonymous poster helping to destroy our rights 
We just heard from another anonymous poster trying to destroy our rights
to free speech.  How long will the cypherpunks put up with this?
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-29 02:43:06
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Reputation capital: FIBS case study 
It seems to me that not finishing a game is the same as knocking over
the board.  It's a loss for the player waiting to move, and a non-game
for the other player.  This should solve the not-finishing-a-game
problem in short order.
For the problem of playing a fake unrated player, try variations on this
scheme.  Track the players each player plays and reevaluate all players
scores in relative terms.  To get a rating, players must engage in games
with enough other players to form a valid statistical basis - at least
100 games with rated players for 10% accuracy. -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-31 06:47:42
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Is Dr Fred Cohen a Loon??? 
People who call me a "false expert" are so afraid of damaging their own
reputation by doing so that they have to do it anonymously. -> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1996-01-01 02:46:01
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Fred Cohen, PhD 
Apparently you have a reading disability.  I haven't used Ph.D. next to my
name on this forum for some time.
When you insult me, that's one thing, but insulting my school is
something quite different.  The University of Southern California is one
of the finest educational institutions in the world, and is widely
recognized as such.  The engineering school at USC (from which I earned
my Ph.D.) is commonly ranked in the top 10 in the US, and in the year
that I graduated, my department was ranked in the top 5 in the US.
USC, in addition to having a fine athletic tradition, also has many
unique benefits that sets it apart from many other excellent schools. But I wouldn't want to advertise in this forum - you'll have to contact
them directly for more extensive information.
Some people are ignorant because they haven't had a chance to learn, but
other people are ignorant because they choose to be.  In your case, it is
apparently the latter.  But I will answer your questions nonetheless:
How many people have read it, or any of his writings, or know anything
about his ideas beyond a single word?
How far did he carry this work?
Where are the conference and journal papers?
So, now that we have a very brief history of my work, let us all know
where you went to school, how many journal and conference papers you
have published, how many books you have written.
We already know that you won't tell people your name because you are
afraid to have it associated with you personally, but maybe you can help
us all understand how expert you are and what you have contributed to
the world so we can appreciate your point of view.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-21 04:39:15
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Gates history 
Not that this subject matter is relevent to cypherounks, but...
I respectfully disagree with the analogy.  In a competitive market
economy, you can indeed grow larger by killing off the competition.  In
fact, that's the whole idea of unfettered capitolism.  This was tried
100 years ago and the result was monopolies which in the end eliminated
competition and ended up reducing innovation and productivity while
increasing prices.  Then the US government decided to end this by
introducing laws to limit monopolies.  The broke up AT+T and essentially
forced IBM to become weak in the name of fairness, but when Bill Gates
brought Microsoft into the same position, the government failed to act
(and is continuing to do so).  This is (in my opinion) because Ron
Raegan was so influential as president and heavily favored unfettered
free trade. Inuendo or not, there are clear facts that have been widely documented
regarding Microsoft (Bill Gates doesn't run it alone you know!).  Among
them are:
Nobody is disagreeing with this.  That is the desirable part of what
Gates and Microsoft did - 20 years ago.  But the standards we hold and
the requirements we place on companies increase with their size and
market dominance.  This is done in the name of keeping a thriving
competitive environment.  In today's environment, Microsoft is
dominating the market and thus reducing innovation (or so the theory
goes) by using anticompetitive methods, and that is the issue.
This is factually inaccurate.
It's just not accurate.  IBM, until recently, was barred from selling more than
a certain dollar value worth of units.  Bill Gates didn't build Microsoft alone
either.  He has thousands of employees.  Admitidly he was a driving force, but
his team members are largely responsible for his success, and I think he would
readily agree to this if you asked him.
That's not what people are saying.  They are saying that Microsoft is
breaking the law of the land and has been for a long time and that is
why they have market dominance.  Whether the law has been broken or not,
you are mischaracterizing what has been said about Microsoft.
Enough of this - sorry for the noise, and let's get back to what
cypherpunks are about - cyphers.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-22 03:51:43
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: ex encrypted script 
There is another technique by which the source is obscured by an
automatic rewrite mechanism.  This provides for both obscuration of the
source and the ability to determine who originated illicit copies.  I
believe it was first implemented by Gimbel Software as part of their
C-terp system (unpublished).  A paper on techniques for doing this has
also been published:
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-22 04:06:16
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Navy hacked by Air Force? 
Following is the actual text extracted from iw - I doubt if the
U.S. DoD will want to release all the details, but we can ask!
Moderator's Note:
I talked to some people I know about the perported IW attack on a
battleship by the Air Force, and I thought I would help debunk this
story, which my contacts tell me is "wildly inaccurate", but looking
at a few facts.  Let's start with the title:
There are NO active US battleships!!! And there weren't any last
September.  So, at a minimum, there are factual errors.
According to my sources this was not "SIMPLY dialing the Internet and
entering some well-judged keystrokes".  It was a controlled experiment
with participation of both Navy and Air Force, and involved a great deal
of planning by a large number of people.  It was performed using DoD
owned and properly keyed cryptographic devices designed to be allowed to
communicate with the systems being attacked.
100% wrong - he was an insider, he had a great deal of assitance, he had
cryptographic devices and keys, and he had special insider knowledge. If he was an Air Force captain, he could not have been all that young. Whizzkids are usually considered teenagers.  Anyone know of any teenaged
AF captains these days?
Not quite.  This was not an email sent from some Internet site and email
messages did not multiply inside the ships' computers.  Furthermore, the
total bandwidth of a phone line is nowhere near enough to "run" a naval
battle group, or probably even a naval kitchen for that matter.
The first (only?) really true part of the story.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-03 04:08:07
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Suggestion for CP browser 
I think a CP browser is just the ticket to change the way the world works.
How about this:
I think the CP browser should include an embedded language (not Java -
maybe a version of LISP) that does a far better job than Java of assuring
limitations on what programs can do.  It should also support faking the
source of a browser request (for privacy of the user), all forms of digital
cash, firewall-type forwarding, pseudonyms, and all of the other things that
CPs fight for.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-03 13:49:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Globally legal Netscape 
If Netscape wants a global product that is completely legal anywhere,
all they have to do is eliminate all encryption.  The deal they are
cutting now is to claim that they provied privacy when they do not. The saddest part is that many people will believe they are secure:
-> the credit card companies and ecash banks will charge interest
   on every transaction to pay for the fraud rates,
-> the government will close its grip even tighter on individual
   freedom and get an even tighter stranglehold on free speech,
-> politicians and right wing demogogues will begin to expose
   individuals for having abortions and reading smut and thinking
   the "wrong" way.
I'm not asking you to believe this - only to look at history and see the
parallels throughout time.
These are just four examples of selected from this century! There are
many more in each century.
Personal privacy - freedom from unreasonable search and seizure - the
right to bear arms - all of these tell me that the US constitution
secures the ability of Americans to have secure personal encryption in
the information age.
The president of the United States, each member of congress, and each
CIA and NSA and FBI agent swears to God that they will protect and
defend these rights as a condition of taking their offices.  Those that
fail to support the constitution in this way should be tried as traitors.
But instead, we see these people coercing Netscape into breaking the law
on their behalf. Breaking the law by cooperating with the government in
illegal search and seizure, breaking the law in preventing Americans from
attaining privacy, and breaking the law by defrauding the public with false
claims of privacy protection.
This is the time for Netscape to prove itself to the public by taking a
stand for the Constitution, for the law of the land, and for the people
of the United Stated and the world.
If Jeff the Netscape munitions expert sees this, I hope he forwards it
to his boss, and I hope his boss considers seriously that he may be the
instrument of a totalitarian state arising in the US and throughout the
It's easy to say that you're not responsible and that it's the
government's fault, and that you're just following orders.  But there is
an old saying - evil flourishes when good people do nothing.
If money is what you worship, you can get it by standing on the dead
bones of your fellow human beings.  Hitler did it, it was done in the
Russian revolution, it was done in the Soviet Union, it was done in
China, and it will be done again and again, as long as the Netscapes of
the world fail to make a stand when it counts.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-03 16:20:16
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Globally legal Netscape 
The problem is that there is no master plan to uphold it.  Freedoms are
rarely lost all at once.  Rather they are nibbled away in the name of
crime control, keeping people from hurting themselves, religious beliefs,
and the like.
Nobody in power saw the threat of Hitler even after he invaded Poland. In the early days, the Jews thought that being identified as Jews was no
big deal.  The Chinese cameras were portrayed as a way to reduce crime. The files kept by Iraq on the Kurds were supposedly used to track
criminals.  Law enforcement is almost universally used as an excuse to
collect information on individuals in the name of helping society, but
this power is easily abused.
Just like in the 50s and the 60s, the FBI is the one pushing for more
wiretaps and less privacy, and just like the 50s and 60s, people are
buying the anti-crime claim when in fact, this is about political power
over the rights of individual citizens.
Now I don't necessarily support more than one of these three causes, but
I do know that when one person loses their right of privacy, we all lose
our rights as well.
I haven't had any Caffine lately, but I did go for a nice hike this morning.
It's a natural high.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:27:24
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: more examples of privacy invasion as a prelude to oppresion desired 
I think it would be a very good idea to collect a great deal more data
in support of the correlation between the reduction in privacy and the
removal of other rights - eventually resulting in bad things -
throughout history.  I would be happy to collect as much data as
possible on this from the cypherpunks (and others) and to post the
information in a more complete form when the examples start to slow
The more facts and citations you can provide, the better it will be
for the purposes of making this point clear, accurate, and hard to
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-07 19:33:00
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Strange Unix behavior dealing with utmp - anyone recognize this? 
I was sending out a few hundred 25K emails over a period of a minute or so
when my systemn encountered this thrilling sequence:
Dec  7 22:11:56 all vmunix: file:<3>zs1: silo overflow
Dec  7 22:11:57 all syslogd: /etc/utmp: File table overflow
Dec  7 22:11:56 all vmunix:  table is ful<3>zs1: silo overflow
It appears to be some sort of file table overflow related to the syslog
daemon.  The message repeats numerous times and I think it has to do
with the number of messages sent over a short time, however:
Does anyone recognize the symptom, and does this open a potential for
attack by stress?  (e.g., if you can get something to fail in this way
can the failure cause something to be missed?)
Just thought I'd mention it.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-08 03:55:56
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Java musings 
Excellent musings.  I just wanted to add something here.  There is a
fundamental issue with Java, and that is control:
on within them.  Without proper controls, it's impossible to carry out
that responsibility.
control over the programs run by our computers.  They tell us to trust
them because they say they have come up with a nearly fool-proof system
for doing this safely.
widespread introduction of Java would make it unacceptable to business. The use of Java as it exists today violates the policies of many
businesses, and if their policies are ignored or changed to permit this
to happen, it weakens the overall control structure of the organization.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1995-12-19 13:05:48
@_author: Dr. Frederick B. Cohen 
@_subject: Forged email to sway congress 
It seems like a trivial thing to do, but if email to Congress works to
sway opinion, it should be fairly easy to create thousands of email
messages from different apparent sources each hour, all supporting a
point of view, and to suppliment this effort with a small telephone room
full of people to fill congressional switchboards with supportive phone
calls.  Interesting PM attack.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1996-01-04 01:41:13
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Re: Foiling Traffic Analysis 
You seem to be missing an important point about foiling traffic
analysis.  It is essentially the same problem as the covert channel
problem and its solution has the same challenges - it consumes a great
in the way of resources.  In order to eliminate traffic analysis, you
essentially have to always use the full bandwidth available (although
you can have pseudo-random burst behaviors).  This in turn means that
instead of gaining the low cost resulting from sharing bandwidth, you
end up having far more utilization and (depending on what portion of the
world does this) increasing the price of the resource.  So it costs a
lot more and uses a great deal of bandwidth.
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1996-01-30 01:00:56
@_author: Fred Cohen 
@_subject: Slip over non-slip ports 
(please respond directly to fc and not to the list)
I am looking for a way to run slip over a telnet connection on a local
Ethernet.  Does anyone know of any freely available software that allows
me to start a SLIP connection over a telnet channel?
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236
