
@_date: 1993-07-17 01:28:15
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: PGP 2.3 for Mac 
Is anyone working on the Mac port of PGP 2.3? I read about the bug fixes of
PGP 2.3 DOS. Do the same bugs exists in the Mac version?

@_date: 1993-08-21 00:11:25
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: Key Mgmt GUI 
I'm designing a (public) key managament utility. I have no experiense with
cryptography, but I have worked much with GUI design. Please let me know
your opinion on the following questions.
1 - Is the key/keyring methaphor the easiest one to understand (both
respect to encryption and signatures)? Is there another better methaphor,
such as users (instead of keys) having a public and a secret id. For
example, Apple OCE uses the notation of signer objects instead of keys.
2 - Each keyring is naturally stored as a file. The obvious way to view a
keyring is to show a list of all keys in it. How much information should be
visible in the list, and how should it be presented (so that the user can
navigate thru very large keyrings)? Should the list include certificates?
If not, how are they managed.
3 - How should key pairs be treated? Should a user's public key be
"associated" with his secret key (and maybe stored together)? Should it be
possible to mix public and secrets keys in a keyring? Is it neccesary to
have a secret key ring when there's only one secret key?

@_date: 1993-09-02 08:26:56
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: ViaCrypt export? 
Will ViaCrypt consider exporting pgp? (well, I think I can guess the answer
;-) However, pgp is already widely used outside USA (at least as many as
the US users, I suspect). It would be interesting to know what they're
going to do about it. There exists no country boundaries in cyberspace, you

@_date: 1993-10-30 05:39:14
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: Re: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
It doesn't have to be random. You could have a neural network style
translation of sentences. You would train the network by having a known
pre-written sentence as output, and a sentence with the same meaning, but
with your personal syntactic style. It would also be possible to do lexical
or paragraphical translation.
With this scheme, you can have as many writing styles as you want (e.g. one
for each poster). If you want to look like Shakespeare, just train the
network with a couple of (pair of) sentences of Hamlet.

@_date: 1993-11-05 02:32:28
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: Re: Macintosh PGP CDEV Idea 
I have some ideas I've been working on (a modular approach). To be
sucessfull, a cryptographic utility for the Mac has to fit nicely into the
Here's my proposal (divided into five layers):
1 - CryptoModules
To do encryption we need cryptographic algorithms. These are written as
small modules (code resources) and are put into the Extensions folder. They
contain algorithms but no user interaction. It's easy for the user to install and upgrade CryptoModules. It's also easy
to write new modules, as you don't need to worry about user interfacing,
and can concentrate on the algorithms.
2 - CryptoAccess
This module is the interface to the CryptoModules. It provides c/pascal
routine interface and scripting abilities (AppleEvents). Contains no user
interaction, and is key oriented (it looks up the right algorithm for a
given key).
3 - CryptoAPI
This module handles the user interaction. Provides the dialogs and menus
neccesarry for encrypting/signing data. Accessed by c/pascal routines or
4 - Applications/Utilities
With the CryptoAPI it's easy to write encryption capable programs. Very
little code has to be added to existing applications. A nice utility would
be encryption of text in TextEdit.
5 - Integration with System 7 Pro
Patching the Digital Signature Manager will extend the system in a
consistent way. All neat features (like signing in the Finder, etc) will
also work with PGP.
Unfortunately, I haven't enough spare time to do all this myself. The layer
model makes it possible to divide the work that has to be done.

@_date: 1994-01-17 05:28:27
@_author: Felix Ungman 
@_subject: Re: PGP posting validation 
My ten ears (Swedish coins) in the list filter/authentication topic:
List software filtering/authentication does NOT protect against fake posts.
If I don't use PGP and receive a signed letter from cypherpunks I
can't do a damn to check if it really is a posting or a forgery. To forge a
post, just send mail from cypherpunks to all known posters on the
Conclusion: The only purpose of list software filtering is to reduce
traffic. All checks of signatures (by poster or by list software) must
still be made by the list reader.
Opinion: What we need is better client software (intelligent mail sorting,
automatic checking of signatures, powerful browsing capabilities, etc).
When I have that I don't mind a few extra K's of mail (it doesn't cost
much, and I don't want to miss any information, even fake information).
Most of the noise isn't Detweiler, but replies to Detweiler (which isn't on
the list anyway).
BTW, What happend to MacPGP w/ AppleEvents?
