
@_date: 1993-01-22 10:22:09
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
So do I!
I get the feeling that MT is attempting to display some of the dangers of
crypto-anarchy via sarcasm.  (I really can't be sure, as such intonations
are really difficult to convey or pick up on in ascii.)
While it is true that in a free society, someone could buy a gun and kill
all their neighbors and possible even get away without a trace, I would rather
live in that free society than one that disallows the purchase of the gun
to begin with.  (The fact that I support strong gun control measures is not
contradictory to this.)
In the same way, I would like to encourage everyone, even the Ollie Norths,
to encrypt their communications.  Sure, there will be conspiracies that
take their toll upon society, but I feel that one of the biggest causes
of violence is the feeling of dis-empowerment caused by conventional laws.
Note, for example, that the countries that are less uptight about nudity
generally have less sex crimes.
Laws take power away from people.  Encryption affords people the capability
to gain access to the information they want and disseminate it to those
they want to without fear of recrimination.  This empowering technology
will, imho, empower the many to cause less harm to the few, and empower the
few to get what they want while protecting themselves from the wrath of the
Hope that you find some of these ideas worthwhile...

@_date: 1993-02-10 21:55:23
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: Tagging copyrighted text 
I agree, too.  But there are many things here to look at.  Economics is
a strange bird, indeed, and I pretend to know little of it.  But here
are some points that the future may bring into focus...
1) It is easy to copy software (music, programs, video, etc.)
2) No matter what copy protection is developed, it will always be easy.
3) People will always pay for the *production* of software
   (a program that needs to be written, or live music, or...)
   (note that the Grateful Dead, top money maker, invites tapers)
4) People will always pay for support, maintenance, storage, etc.
   (note cygnus)
5) Storage and indexing become more valuable as info-quantity grows.
6) Likewise, effecient and accurate filtering (access)
7) People will pay for access to the info they want *now*.
8) Human editors will team with electronic filters to provide this service.
In conclusion, there will always be money to be made.  In (one of) the more
radical futures (that I happen to ascribe to) there will be less income
from past works (ala software patents) and more for storage and timely access.
But the developer of good software (the musician) will always be in demand.

@_date: 1993-03-01 11:37:02
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: CFP Costs Too Much! 
One note on the other side of the coin:
Email announcements of the conference began in December of '92, including
the complete pricing schedule:
Note that there was over a month's time to get registered at $300, and the
price of registration is currently $355, *not* $405.
Now I have to pay the $355 out of my own pocket (as Magic decided not to
pay my way) and I understand the pain you feel with having to shell out
such big bucks.  But, for one reason or another, I believe that CFP has not
done incredibly well financially, and they've got to cover their ass.  One
way to do that is by encouraging early registration, which smooths the
planning process.
So get your registration in now!
On the other hand, Glenn Tenney has done a remarkable job in keeping the
price of Hackers down...

@_date: 1993-03-01 15:28:40
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
In response to this, let me first quote Eric Hughes:
I believe that this is the true question being asked.  I believe that in
the not-so-far-off future there will be an immense quantity of anonymous
traffic on the nets, and I will set my filters to ignore the large
percentage of it (though perhaps I may want to see notes with my name in
them, or perhaps not).
This doesn't mean I won't see *any* anonymous messages, as my positive
reputation system will work to counter-balance the effect of the filter,
and allow messages from anonymous sources that are connected to me via a
"line of trust", that is, through a set of anonymous keys and signatures
that prove to me that the source of the information is from someone that I
trust, or that they trust, or...
Further, pseudonymous posters may gain quite a bit of respect.  As was
earlier pointed out on this list, most posters to net news are today
pseudonymous, for I know not if their real name is what their From: line
states, but I learn to recognize and differentiate names (pseudonyms)
bearing good info from those that know not what they say or those that just
It is from this last set of anonymous publishers that we may have the
problem being discussed.  For example, "NBC" may as well be an anonymous
pseudonym, but we (well, a lot of the general public, anyway) have decided
to place a fair amount of trust into them.  This problem stems from people
being too ready to abdicate their responsibility from having to think
critically about the world around them, and the information they receive.
In other words, the big problem, as we all know, is one of education.
Just say "know"!

@_date: 1993-03-02 13:35:42
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
Don't most news readers have "kill files" (sometimes known as "bozo
filters")?  I definately prefer decentralized solutions.  Anyone mandating
what I can and cannot read is slime (synonomous with censor), imo.
I want to make that choice myself, thank you very nice.

@_date: 1993-03-03 11:20:06
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: Handling Abuses of Remailers 
Geeez, Eric!  I'd think a penny a hop would be a pretty high price...  And
given that most messages go through two hops, then you'd really be giving
your 2 cents worth!
Note that there can be about 50 cypherpunks messages a day -- if each went
through 2 hops at $0.10 / hop, as you proposed, that would be $10 / day in
revenues for the remailers.  Seems like a lot to me.
I would support the idea if I felt that the system would quiet the flame
wars, but I think rather it would simply quiet the poor...

@_date: 1993-03-03 11:24:03
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Re: Let's look at this .... 
Me too.  It's not the only topic of interest to me, but one that I feel
strongly about.  Is there any suggested action that we can take?

@_date: 1993-03-08 18:52:19
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: Fwd: cyberspace, congressional hearings 
The following is quoted/paraphrased from a column by Brian Robinson on page 26
of the 1 March 93 Electronic Engineering Times. By passing it on I imply no
specific attitude of my own. I don't know the date of the hearings, but if
someone finds out if/when it will be viewable on C-Span, I'd like to know.
Feel free to pass the following info to individuals, mailing lists, or
The House Telecommunications Subcommittee, chaired by Edward Markey (D-Mass),
will soon be holding hearings on the relationship of future communications
technologies to modern culture. In particular, it will be looking at the
not-so-far-off universe of cyberspace. Some of the issues the panel will be
considering are (in Markey's own words):
+ Are the fundamental values of our society so universal and enduring that they
will not be threatened by the advent of new technologies or any new subcultures
such technologies produce?
+ Will cyberspace instead become some lawless place, where the Constitution is
cracked open by fiber fissures created when trying to convert a 200-year-old
parchment document into a binary world of 0s and 1s? Can it continue to be a
"living, breathing document"?
+ Will cyberspace develop its own distinct laws? Will it develop "digital
vigilantes" to patrol and police the electronic bulletin boards and electronic

@_date: 1993-04-07 12:04:16
@_author: Fen Labalme 
@_subject: FLAME: Perry M. vs. taking action (was: Re: PHRACK...) 
Perry -
I, too, aspire towards anarchy, but I don't ignore the tools around me. Not voting in today's society is a cop out.  It is most certainly not
perfect, and the choices suck, but it remains one of the major voices you
have today in the world.
Anarchy works best when people are informed.  Education is key.  Simply
bad-mouthing other's works is not giving people a choice to decide which of
two views they feel are better.  Rather, it just fuels the fires of apathy
(that the governemnt have been fanning for so long).
Cypherpunks are trying to change the world.  Sounds like you're just going
to whine about it.  Positive action will always be more effective.  And
better received.
PS:  I must say that with your lack of content in your posts,
     if I had a filter on my email, it would filter out yours.
