
@_date: 1993-08-27 12:45:58
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Another "fan" 
Anonymous  wrote -
You must not follow the Usenet nesgoups sci.crypt, alt.privacy, alt.privacy.clipper, comp.eff.org.talk (etc, etc, ad nauseam)
which Sternlight frequents. He even has a news.group named for him (by his detractors), alt.fan.david.sternlight.  ,-)
Paul

@_date: 1993-10-07 19:39:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: The ungalvanized understanding 
Maybe. ,-)
I've wanted to "cut loose" and post a gut-load before this moment,
but perhaps it just wasn't appropriate at the time. Now that I've
seen all the puking about excessive posts etc., I've got to reiterate
why it is that list is important.
It is certainly not a community bulletin board for folks to just happen-in
and check out what's going on -- the traffic has always been too high for
I've been here and will remain here through the mail-bombs (remember
our friend George?) and implicit/oblivious core dumps that result
in 5 mb mail sorties. ,-)
I live in an agenda called technology. Tim understands the implications
on the development of governments, cultures and history. I can only hope
that theose of you that tag along understand the extreme importance
that goes hand in hand, mano a mano. Peter Honeyman, John Draper,
John Gilmore, Eric Hughes, and the list of luminaries (no pun intended)
that DO hang on should clue you folks on the situation. We're here. We're shifting -- forever, to secure our foundation in
cypherspace. Where we were two or six or twelve months ago is no longer sufficient.
We move into positions which galvanize our foothold and grip on the
platforms which propel us.
From pauper to pawn. From knight to provocatuer.
The keepers of the keep. ,-)

@_date: 1993-10-07 19:49:22
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
I strongly agree with Jim -- if you don't like the surf, get the fuck
out of the water. Sorry.

@_date: 1993-10-08 12:59:23
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
Ditto.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-08 19:35:48
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
No, not necessarily. I think that you're missing the mechanics behind
the list. In any case, I think you can pretty much forget about shifting this
list anywhere from where it is now -- it (we) are doing _exactly_
what the recipe calls for....
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-08 20:09:30
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: The core definitive 
Bill's right as rain -- how else would you explain engineers from
(normally) competitive companies coming together on this list?
Of course, I work for peanuts, so who cares? ,-)
I think you _should_ see the point by now...
Paul Ferguson                         |
Sprint Managed Router Network Group   |                 tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                |              e-mail: ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-09 19:30:59
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Cause (tm) 
No, but it really should have sounded more like this:
   Cypherpunks assume privacy is a good thing and wish there were more
of it.  Cypherpunks acknowledge that those who want privacy must
create it for themselves and not expect governments, corporations, or
other large, faceless organizations to grant them privacy out of
beneficence.  Cypherpunks know that people have been creating their
own privacy for centuries with whispers, envelopes, closed doors, and
couriers.  Cypherpunks do not seek to prevent other people from
speaking about their experiences or their opinions.
   The most important means to the defense of privacy is encryption. To
encrypt is to indicate the desire for privacy.  But to encrypt with
weak cryptography is to indicate not too much desire for privacy.
Cypherpunks hope that all people desiring privacy will learn how best
to defend it.
   Cypherpunks are therefore devoted to cryptography.  Cypherpunks wish
to learn about it, to teach it, to implement it, and to make more of
it.  Cypherpunks know that cryptographic protocols make social
structures.  Cypherpunks know how to attack a system and how to
defend it.  Cypherpunks know just how hard it is to make good
   Cypherpunks love to practice.  They love to play with public key
cryptography.  They love to play with anonymous and pseudonymous mail
forwarding and delivery.  They love to play with DC-nets.  They love
to play with secure communications of all kinds.
   Cypherpunks write code.  They know that someone has to write code to
defend privacy, and since it's their privacy, they're going to write
it.  Cypherpunks publish their code so that their fellow cypherpunks
may practice and play with it.  Cypherpunks realize that security is
not built in a day and are patient with incremental progress.
   Cypherpunks don't care if you don't like the software they write.
Cypherpunks know that software can't be destroyed.  Cypherpunks know
that a widely dispersed system can't be shut down.
   Cypherpunks will make the networks safe for privacy.
   If the government (or any other oppressor that behaves like one) can
effectively monitor communications, it can control or suppress them.  And
it will do so, because the natural tendency of controllers is always to
seek more control.
   The government cannot be relied on to protect your privacy rights.
Nor can anyone else --- certainly not your employer, or the corporations
that want to know all about you so they can sell you things.
   Given half the chance, governments and corporations will always push
for security standards that protect *them*, but not *you*.
   Computer technology can help protect you against would-be snoopers,
but only if somebody is sufficiently smart and dedicated to build the
   The Cypherpunks list exists to build and propagate privacy software.
Our aim is to give you the tools to keep your private information
private, and to communicate with other people and computers in ways
snoopers cannot tap.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-10 19:31:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: The rubber and the road 
If this is a silly question, then chastise me later -- but when do
you actually appear in court? I noticed PRZ's statement dated 12 Oct.
Does your appearance fall shortly?
Cheers and Support.

@_date: 1993-10-17 17:06:59
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: EFF servers down? 
I noticed that the EFF FTP server (FTP.EFF.ORG/KRAGAR.EFF.ORG) appears
to be down. Is this a scheduled outage (servicing, etc.) or are they
having problems.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-18 15:12:30
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Dan Rather, et al. (WAS: Leisure Suit Larry) 
I've been sitting back, watching the signal-to-noise on the list
fluctuate with a smidgeon of a grin on my face.
"Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain!"
Personally, I think that the list is just going through a few minor changes, the worst of which are new people checking into "something that they had heard about."
Face it -- the net grows a bit more "open" every day.
As far as Dan Rather goes, I'd bet he wouldn't even understand.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-18 16:22:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: A valid, practical point 
Hal writes -
.... And THAT is perhaps the most cognizant, practical and lucid
suggestion I have heard to date (not as an aside to those who have
proposed technical solutions, et al).
Let's face it -- the net will do nothing less than become larger, more
accessible, more complex and even easier to spoof, if a cryptographic
stop-gap does not materialize which provides a comfortable buffer for
those desire anonymity and those who are afraid of it.
We can do more than bicker amongst ourselves, cypherzoids.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-19 10:02:23
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) ViaCrypt CW Announcement 
From the "For What It's Worth" department -
Forwarded message:
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-19 10:07:31
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) Australians dump DES (from RISKS) 
Can anyone provide ant detailed information on 'Seneca'?
Forwarded message:
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-20 09:27:50
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Error in RFC1 321 (MD5)? 
I thought (perhaps) this may be of interest -
Forwarded message:
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:57:56
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Perry, I think its foolish to refute it simply on a literal basis, but then again, that's just lil' ole me. One could reasonably argue that you simply can't walk into the
corner 7-Eleven with a pound of gold and purchase 475 Big Gulps (tm),
but then again, there's an advocate for each point of view (ie,
I personally like the gold/silicon comparison, if taken from a philosophical viewpoint. Information is arguably the gold of the future, and strong crypto
helps broaden the spectrum for each and every one of us.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-22 04:48:14
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: respond to: cypherpunks-request@toad.com 
Pay no attention to the thug-man, he seems to get a little irritable
when he hasn't had his daily enima.
For all new subscribers, send a message to .

@_date: 1993-10-23 12:58:26
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
Then the messages that I compose on this host will simply have to
be delayed, as I still refuse to keep my private key on an "open" system. In fact, the _only_ time in which I attach a digital
signature to any of my messages is from my PC at home.
Call me a prude, but this is a fact of life I'm sure you will
encounter with other folks as well.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-10-31 08:53:40
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) Getting a Copy of APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY 
I thought some of you folks might find this of interest. Forwarded message:
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-11-06 12:47:59
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) ViaCrypt PGP ships today 
I realize that this is a few days old, but I've been up to my eye-teeth with other network problems and using this dreary
Saturday afternoon to catch up on Net News.
Forwarded message:
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-11-06 13:22:45
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Mark Abene (Phiber Optik) sentenced 
forwarded message follows:
8<--------- cut here ------------
Newsgroups: comp.risks
Sender: daemon
Reply-To: risks
  Mark Abene, 21, widely known as Phiber Optik, was sentenced to a year and a
  day in prison.  He will serve 600 hours of community service.  He pleaded
  guilty last July to conspiracy, wire fraud and other federal charges
  relating to his activities as one of five Masters of Disaster indicted for
  breaking into telephone, educational, and commercial computer systems.
  [Perhaps in a few years more, they will be Doctors of Disaster?]  [PGN
  Excerpting Service, drawn from the Associated Press and Reuters, both on 3
  November 1993]
The Reuter article give background information, including
o the charges against MoD marked the first use of wiretaps to record both
  conversations and datacomm by accused hackers.
o the hackers attacked phone switching computers belonging to Southwestern
  Bell, New York Telephone, Pacific Bell, U.S. West and Martin Marietta
  Electronics Information and Missile Group.
o they broke into credit-status reporting companies including TRW, Trans
  Union and Information America, stealing at least 176 TRW credit reports.
o the young men were apparently competing with each other and other
  hacker groups for "rep" (reputation) and were also interested in
  harassing people they didn't like.
o the Reuter article mentions that "they wiped out almost all of the
  information contained on a system operated by the Public Broadcasting
  System affiliate in New York, WNET, that provided educational
  materials to schools in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut" and
  left the message, ""Happy Thanksgiving you turkeys, from all of us at MOD."
Michel E. Kabay, Ph.D., Director of Education, National Computer Security Assn
8<---------- cut here ---------
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-11-09 16:09:07
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Let "Common Sense" (tm) dictate the in-roads for NII 
Good point.
Another good point to bear in mind is that networking technologies are
"empowering" people to voice their opinions in a fashion previously
unknown. Once the "empowerment" issue is _really_ discovered by "the
masses" (tm), the need and desire for networking services will virtually
be driven by this simple factor. The cart and the horse.
Paul Ferguson                                                               Mindbank Consulting Group                                    fergp   Fairfax, Virginia  USA                                       ferguson

@_date: 1993-11-11 05:39:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Government Accounting Office Report on Communications Privacy 
Not to pick nits, but the GAO is the General Accounting Office, not
"Government" Accounting Office.
Paul Ferguson                         Sprint Managed Router Network Engineering              tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                              e-mail: ferguson

@_date: 1993-11-17 05:44:19
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: The "s.boxx" Syndrome 
A visionary called s.boxx wrote -
    (I jest, of course)
How long must this bullshit go on? Someone pull this guys plug,
for God's sake....

@_date: 1993-11-27 20:34:19
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Mykotoxin, er, Mykotronx, er ... 
Eric (ah) Hughes writes -
Oh, and don't forget that infamous, bandwagon-jumping announcement
by another major telecommunications giant on April 16, 1993 ...
Cheers.  ,-)

@_date: 1993-11-27 21:29:19
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Subscriber encapsulation 
Eric  Hughes writes -
This is an interesting point within itself. Anon messages from
remailers such as  continually have the
same banner/header information, regardless of user (which in my
ideal anonymous environment is a GOO THING (tm)). Anon mail from
penet is account -ized and assigned -- not an ideal anonymous environment from my viewpoint.
The Net is still in its infancy, as far as I can assess. We will
all be much the historians, if the soothsayers are to be believed.
- Paul

@_date: 1993-11-27 21:34:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Subscriber encapsulation 
Remeber "Vinegar and Honey..."
Remember "Medusa, The Executioner and (now) The Pervert?"
Lions and tigers and bears (oh my)....
- Paul

@_date: 1993-11-27 21:44:19
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: 900 Mhz phones 
No, its not your imagination, nor a case of over-active paranoia.
It's a fact that the FBI (among other three letter entities) have
previously asked cellular encryption developers to "scale back" their
implementations for ease of access to communications for law enforcement
purposes. In a word (or two), it bites.
The Digital Telephony proposal espoused mnay desired options which the
gummint couldn't previously weasel in earlier attempts to backdoor
- Paul

@_date: 1993-11-27 21:55:38
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: CHAOS gopher maintenance 
Who's in charge of the chaos.bsu.edu gopher? I was just browsing the contents
and it is not very up-to-date with cypherpunk information...
- Paul

@_date: 1993-11-29 04:56:58
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Real People 
S.Boxx writes -
Not that it makes any difference, but:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-11-29 12:17:14
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Anarchy, the Government, and the National Information Infrastructure 
Mike Godwin writes -
In a _truly_ Open telecommunications architecture, yes; a thousand schools
of thought can flourish. I am not, however, convinced that the NII vision equates to something
that is benefitial for one and all. EFF's vision, on the other hand, is
an admirable one nonetheless. My sentiment remains steadfast: the government should stay out of
networking altogether.
- Paul

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:43:06
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Keyserver going down 
In light of the recent closure of the .toxicwaste keyserver, I thought
that this message from Vess was rather timely.
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1993-12-09 16:51:04
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: Internet Backbone Traffic 
John Blair  writes -
 Vint Cerf, President of the Internet Society, projected some
 interesting figures at ONE BBSCON in Colorado recently. According
 to an article in the October BoardWatch magazine, ".....by December,
 1993, there will be over 2 million ping-able hosts on some 46,000
 registered IP networks in 22,000 registered domains strewn across some
 91 countries. As of June, 1991, it is NOT primarily academic use, but
 actually that was the crossover point where commercial use applications
 exceeded academic use. Over 137 countries are now reachable via the
 Internet domain name e-mail system via UUCP, and the NSFNet backbone
 is now carrying some 7 TERABYTES of traffic per month. The Internet
 overall is growing at a rate of 12% per MONTH."
 You do the math.  ,-)
 Cheers.

@_date: 1993-12-19 15:29:05
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: No Subject 
MACC (NET-UWMSN-NET)
   University of Wisconsin - Madison
   1210 West Dayton Street
   Madison, WI 53706
   Netname: UWMSN-NET
   Netnumber: 144.92.0.0
   Coordinator:
      Dorl, Michael  (MD40)  dorl
      (608) 262-0466
   Domain System inverse mapping provided by:
   DOGIE.MACC.WISC.EDU		128.104.30.17
   TELGATE.ADP.WISC.EDU		144.92.104.20
   Record last updated on 16-Dec-93.
Nice try, Willy.

@_date: 1993-12-20 17:04:51
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: EFF Quote of the Week (#2) 
forwarded message content: "Society has recognized over time that certain kinds of scientific inquiry
can endanger society as a whole and has applied either directly, or through
scientific/ethical constraints, restrictions on the kind and amount of
research that can be done in those areas."

@_date: 1993-12-23 09:56:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Encryption and Self-Incrimination 
Brian Williams writes -
That's a good question, Bryan, and one I'm sure we'd all like
to explore further. Can one be legally compelled to divulge the
secret key(s) to encrypted data? Or does it fly in the face of
I CC:'d Mike Godwin on this because I'd value his views on this
topic, if he'd care to express them. Being an attorney with
considerable experience in digital matters, he may have an insight
into this that we may be overlooking.
Paul Ferguson                         Sprint Managed Router Network Engineering              tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                              e-mail: ferguson

@_date: 1993-12-23 10:36:01
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: eavesdropping detection 
Tim May writes -
hee hee..  You deserve an extra drumstick from the Christmas goose for that one,
Tim. ,-)
- Paul

@_date: 1993-12-23 16:49:48
@_author: Paul Ferguson x2044 
@_subject: Re: mail-to-news gateway 
Eric writes -
Personally, I'd prefer to see it operate in a fashion that required
a user to pass it (mail) through an anon mailer before-hand to make
it anonymous. I think this would help to ensure that abuses would be
kept to a minimum, and that neophytes would have to become a bit more
knowledgeable before they could use it for its intended purpose.
But, hey, this is just me sparkin'....   ,-)
(please send explicit instructions to the  line above;
 I'd like to test it out...)

@_date: 1994-01-01 08:54:22
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: All of this Death Threat Shit. 
Dan Lieberman wrote - Lighten up, Dan. There's still many of us who don't take this entire
fiasco very seriously, so take it with a grain of salt, amigo.
Happy New Year,
- Paul

@_date: 1994-01-02 07:08:43
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: _The_Hacker_Crackdown_, _Three_Years_Later_ 
I bought Bruce Sterling's book, _The_Hacker_Crackdown_ when it
was first published in November 1992. A lot of us followed along with
the events outlined in the book in real time, so it was genuinely
refreshing to see Bruce author an afterward, "...Three Years Later",
in the electronic freeware release, which made its debut on The Well's
gopher yesterday.
The remainder of the book is available via gopher:
        gopher.well.sf.ca.us 70
follow the menu options to:
        /Publications/authors/Sterling/hc
8<--------------------- cut here --------------------------
Bruce Sterling
Literary Freeware:  Not for Commercial Use
                   THE HACKER CRACKDOWN
         Law and Disorder on the Electronic Frontier
Afterword:  The Hacker Crackdown Three Years Later
     Three years in cyberspace is like thirty years anyplace
real.  It feels as if a generation has passed since I wrote
this book.  In terms of the generations of computing machinery
involved, that's pretty much the case.
     The basic shape of cyberspace has changed drastically
since 1990.  A new U.S. Administration is in power whose
personnel are, if anything, only too aware of the nature and
potential of electronic networks.  It's now clear to all
players concerned that the status quo is dead-and-gone in American
media and telecommunications, and almost any territory on
the electronic frontier is up for grabs.  Interactive
multimedia, cable-phone alliances, the Information Superhighway, fiber-
to-the-curb, laptops and palmtops, the explosive growth of
cellular and the Internet -- the earth trembles visibly.
     The year 1990 was not a pleasant one for AT&T.  By
1993, however, AT&T had successfully devoured the computer
company NCR in an unfriendly takeover, finally giving the
pole-climbers a major piece of the digital action.  AT&T
managed to rid itself of ownership of the troublesome UNIX
operating system, selling it to Novell, a netware company,
which was itself preparing for a savage market dust-up with
operating-system titan Microsoft.  Furthermore, AT&T
acquired McCaw Cellular in a gigantic merger, giving AT&T a
potential wireless whip-hand over its former progeny, the
RBOCs.  The RBOCs themselves were now AT&T's clearest
potential rivals, as the Chinese firewalls between regulated
monopoly and frenzied digital entrepreneurism began to melt
and collapse headlong.
     AT&T, mocked by industry analysts in 1990, was reaping
awestruck praise by commentators in 1993.   AT&T had
managed to avoid any more major software crashes in its
switching stations.  AT&T's newfound reputation as "the
nimble giant" was all the sweeter, since AT&T's traditional
rival giant in the world of multinational computing, IBM,
was almost prostrate by 1993.  IBM's vision of the commercial
computer-network of the future, "Prodigy," had managed to
spend $900 million without a whole heck of a lot to show for
it, while AT&T, by contrast, was boldly speculating on the
possibilities of personal communicators and hedging its bets
with investments in handwritten interfaces.  In 1990 AT&T
had looked bad; but in 1993 AT&T looked like the future.
     At least, AT&T's *advertising* looked like the future.
Similar public attention was riveted on the massive $22
billion megamerger between RBOC Bell Atlantic and cable-TV giant
Tele-Communications Inc.   Nynex was buying into cable
company Viacom International.  BellSouth was buying stock in
Prime Management, Southwestern Bell acquiring a cable
company in Washington DC, and so forth.   By stark contrast,
the Internet, a noncommercial entity which officially did
not even exist, had no advertising budget at all.  And yet,
almost below the level of governmental and corporate awareness,
the Internet was stealthily devouring everything in its path,
growing at a rate that defied comprehension.  Kids who might
have been eager computer-intruders a mere five years earlier
were now surfing the Internet, where their natural urge to
explore led them into cyberspace landscapes of such
mindboggling vastness that the very idea of hacking
passwords seemed rather a waste of time.
     By 1993, there had not been a solid, knock 'em down,
panic-striking, teenage-hacker  computer-intrusion scandal
in many long months.  There had, of course, been some striking
and well-publicized acts of illicit computer access, but
they had been committed by adult white-collar industry insiders in
clear pursuit of personal or commercial advantage.  The kids, by
contrast, all seemed to be on IRC, Internet Relay Chat.
     Or, perhaps, frolicking out in the endless glass-roots
network of personal bulletin board systems.  In 1993, there
were an estimated 60,000 boards in America; the population
of boards had fully doubled since Operation Sundevil in 1990.
The hobby was transmuting fitfully into a genuine industry.  The
board community were no longer obscure hobbyists; many
were still hobbyists and proud of it, but board sysops and
advanced board users had become a far more cohesive and
politically aware community, no longer allowing themselves
to be obscure.
     The specter of cyberspace in the late 1980s, of
outwitted authorities trembling in fear before teenage hacker whiz-
kids, seemed downright antiquated by 1993.  Law enforcement
emphasis had changed, and the favorite electronic villain of
1993 was not the vandal child, but  the victimizer of
children, the digital child pornographer.  "Operation Longarm,"  a
child-pornography computer raid carried out by the previously
little-known cyberspace rangers of the U.S. Customs Service, was
almost the size of Operation Sundevil, but received very
little notice by comparison.
     The huge and well-organized "Operation Disconnect,"
an FBI strike against telephone rip-off con-artists, was
actually larger than Sundevil.  "Operation Disconnect" had
its brief moment in the sun of publicity, and then vanished
utterly. It was unfortunate that a law-enforcement affair as
apparently well-conducted as Operation Disconnect, which
pursued telecom adult career criminals a hundred times more
morally repugnant than teenage hackers, should have received
so little attention and fanfare, especially compared to the
abortive Sundevil and the basically disastrous efforts of
the Chicago Computer Fraud and Abuse Task Force.  But the life
of an electronic policeman is seldom easy.
     If any law enforcement event truly deserved full-scale
press coverage (while somehow managing to escape it), it was
the amazing saga of New York State Police Senior
Investigator Don Delaney Versus the Orchard Street Finger-
Hackers.  This story  probably represents the real future of
professional telecommunications crime in America.  The
finger-hackers sold, and still sell, stolen long-distance phone
service to a captive clientele of illegal aliens in New York City.
This clientele is desperate to call home, yet as a group, illegal
aliens have few legal means of obtaining standard phone service,
since their very presence in the United States is against
the law.  The finger-hackers of Orchard Street were very unusual
"hackers," with an astonishing lack of any kind of genuine
technological knowledge.  And yet these New York call-sell
thieves showed a street-level ingenuity appalling in its
single-minded sense of larceny.
     There was no dissident-hacker rhetoric about  freedom-
of-information among the finger-hackers.  Most of them came
out of the cocaine-dealing fraternity, and they retailed
stolen calls with the same street-crime techniques of lookouts and
bagholders that a crack gang would employ.  This was down-
and-dirty, urban, ethnic, organized crime, carried out by
crime families every day, for cash on the barrelhead, in the harsh
world of the streets.  The finger-hackers dominated certain
payphones in certain strikingly unsavory neighborhoods.
They provided a service no one else would give to a clientele
with little to lose.
     With such a vast supply of electronic crime  at hand,
Don Delaney rocketed from a background in homicide to teaching
telecom crime at FLETC in less than three years.  Few can
rival Delaney's hands-on, street-level experience in phone fraud.
Anyone in 1993 who still believes telecommunications crime
to be something rare and arcane should have a few words with
Mr Delaney.  Don Delaney has also written two fine essays,
on telecom fraud and computer crime, in Joseph Grau's *Criminal
and Civil Investigations Handbook* (McGraw Hill 1993).
     *Phrack* was still publishing in 1993, now under the
able editorship of Erik Bloodaxe.  Bloodaxe made a determined
attempt to get law enforcement and corporate security to pay
real money for their electronic copies of *Phrack,* but, as
usual, these stalwart defenders of intellectual property
preferred to pirate the magazine.  Bloodaxe has still not
gotten back any of his property from the seizure raids of March 1,
1990.  Neither has the Mentor, who is still the managing
editor of Steve Jackson Games.
     Nor has Robert Izenberg, who has suspended his court
struggle to get his machinery back.  Mr Izenberg has
calculated that his $20,000 of equipment seized in 1990 is, in 1993,
worth $4,000 at most.  The missing software, also gone out his
door, was long ago replaced.   He might, he says, sue for the sake
of principle, but he feels that the people who seized his
machinery have already been discredited, and won't be doing any more
seizures.  And even if his machinery were returned -- and in
good repair, which is doubtful -- it will  be essentially
worthless by 1995.  Robert Izenberg no longer works for IBM, but has a
job programming for a major telecommunications company in
     Steve Jackson won his case against the Secret Service
on March 12, 1993, just over three years after the federal raid
on his enterprise.   Thanks to the delaying tactics available
through the legal doctrine of "qualified immunity," Jackson
was tactically forced to drop his suit against the individuals
William Cook, Tim Foley, Barbara Golden and Henry Kluepfel.   (Cook,
Foley, Golden and Kluepfel did, however, testify during the
     The Secret Service fought vigorously in the case,
battling Jackson's lawyers right down the line, on the (mostly
previously untried) legal turf of the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act and the Privacy Protection Act of 1980.  The
Secret Service denied they were legally or morally responsible for
seizing the work of a publisher.   They claimed that (1)
Jackson's gaming "books" weren't real books anyhow, and (2)
the Secret Service didn't realize SJG Inc was a "publisher"
when they raided his offices, and (3) the books only
vanished by accident because they merely happened to be inside the
computers the agents were appropriating.
     The Secret Service also denied any wrongdoing in
reading and erasing all the supposedly "private" e-mail
inside Jackson's seized board, Illuminati.  The USSS attorneys
claimed the seizure did not violate the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act, because they weren't actually
"intercepting" electronic mail that was moving on a wire,
but only electronic mail that was quietly sitting on a disk
inside Jackson's computer.  They also claimed that USSS agents
hadn't read any of the private mail on Illuminati; and
anyway, even supposing that they had, they were allowed to do that
by the subpoena.
     The Jackson case became even more peculiar when the
Secret Service attorneys went so far as to allege that the
federal raid against the gaming company had actually
*improved Jackson's business*  thanks to the ensuing
nationwide publicity.
     It was a long and rather involved trial.  The judge
seemed most perturbed, not by the arcane matters of
electronic law, but by the fact that the Secret Service could have
avoided almost all the consequent trouble simply by giving Jackson
his computers back in short order.   The Secret Service easily
could have looked at everything in Jackson's computers, recorded
everything, and given the machinery back, and there would
have been no major scandal or federal court suit.  On the
contrary, everybody simply would have had a good laugh.
Unfortunately, it appeared that this idea had never entered
the heads of the Chicago-based investigators.  They seemed to
have concluded unilaterally, and without due course of law,
that the world would be better off if Steve Jackson didn't
have computers.  Golden and Foley claimed that they had both
never even heard of the Privacy Protection Act.  Cook had heard of
the Act, but he'd decided on his own that the Privacy
Protection Act had nothing to do with Steve Jackson.
     The Jackson case was also a very politicized trial,
both sides deliberately angling for a long-term legal precedent
that would stake-out big claims for their interests in
cyberspace. Jackson and his EFF advisors tried hard to establish that
the least e-mail remark of the lonely electronic pamphleteer
deserves the same somber civil-rights protection as that
afforded *The New York Times.*  By stark contrast, the
Secret Service's attorneys argued boldly that the contents of an
electronic bulletin board have no more expectation of
privacy than a heap of postcards.  In the final analysis, very
little was firmly nailed down.  Formally, the legal rulings in the
Jackson case apply only in the federal Western District of Texas.
It was, however, established that these were real civil-
liberties issues that powerful people were prepared to go to the
courthouse over; the seizure of bulletin board systems,
though it still goes on, can be a perilous act for the seizer.
The Secret Service owes Steve Jackson $50,000 in damages, and a
thousand dollars each to three of Jackson's angry and offended
board users.  And Steve Jackson, rather than owning the
single-line bulletin board system "Illuminati" seized in
1990, now rejoices in possession of a huge privately-owned
Internet node, "io.com," with dozens of phone-lines on its  own T-1
     Jackson has made the entire blow-by-blow narrative of
his case available electronically, for interested parties.
And yet, the Jackson case may still not be over; a Secret Service appeal
seems likely and the EFF is also gravely dissatisfied with the
ruling on electronic interception.
     The WELL, home of the American electronic civil
libertarian movement, added two thousand more users and
dropped its aging Sequent computer in favor of a snappy new
Sun Sparcstation.  Search-and-seizure dicussions on the WELL
are now taking a decided back-seat to the current hot topic
in digital civil liberties, unbreakable public-key encryption
for private citizens.
     The Electronic Frontier Foundation left its modest home
in Boston to move inside the Washington Beltway of the
Clinton Administration.  Its new executive director, ECPA
pioneer and longtime ACLU activist Jerry Berman, gained a
reputation of a man adept as dining with tigers, as the EFF
devoted its attention to networking at the highest levels of
the computer and telecommunications industry.  EFF's pro-
encryption lobby and anti-wiretapping initiative were
especially impressive, successfully assembling a herd of
highly variegated industry camels under the same EFF tent, in open
and powerful opposition to the electronic ambitions of the
FBI and the NSA.
     EFF had transmuted at light-speed from an insurrection
to an institution.  EFF Co-Founder Mitch Kapor once again
sidestepped the bureaucratic consequences of his own
success, by remaining in Boston and adapting the role of EFF guru and
gray eminence.   John Perry Barlow, for his part, left
Wyoming, quit the Republican Party, and moved to New York City,
accompanied by his swarm of cellular phones.   Mike Godwin
left Boston for Washington as EFF's official legal adviser
to the electronically afflicted.
     After the Neidorf trial, Dorothy Denning further proved
her firm scholastic independence-of-mind by speaking up
boldly on the usefulness and social value of federal
wiretapping.  Many civil libertarians, who regarded the
practice of wiretapping with deep occult horror,  were
crestfallen to the point of comedy when nationally known
"hacker sympathizer" Dorothy Denning sternly defended
police and public interests in official eavesdropping.
However, no amount of public uproar seemed to swerve the "quaint" Dr.
Denning in the slightest.  She not only made up her own
mind, she made it up in public and then stuck to her guns.
     In 1993, the stalwarts of the Masters of Deception,
Phiber Optik, Acid Phreak and Scorpion, finally fell afoul of the
machineries of legal prosecution.  Acid Phreak and Scorpion
were sent to prison for six months, six months of home
detention, 750 hours of community service, and, oddly, a $50
fine for conspiracy to commit computer crime.  Phiber Optik,
the computer intruder with perhaps the highest public
profile in the entire world, took the longest to plead guilty, but,
facing the possibility of ten years in jail, he finally did so.  He
was sentenced to a year and a day in prison.
     As for the Atlanta wing of the Legion of Doom, Prophet,
Leftist and Urvile...   Urvile now works for a software
company in Atlanta.  He is still on probation and still
repaying his enormous fine.  In fifteen months, he will once again be
allowed to own a personal computer.  He is still a convicted
federal felon, but has not had any legal difficulties since
leaving  prison.  He has lost contact with Prophet and Leftist.
Unfortunately, so have I, though not through lack of honest
     Knight Lightning, now 24,  is a technical writer for
the federal government in Washington DC.  He has still not
been accepted into law school, but having spent more than
his share of time in the company of attorneys, he's come to
think that maybe an MBA would be more to the point.   He still
owes his attorneys $30,000, but the sum is dwindling steadily
since he is manfully working two jobs.  Knight Lightning customarily
wears a suit and tie and carries a valise.  He has a federal
security clearance.
     Unindicted *Phrack* co-editor Taran King is also a
technical writer in Washington DC,  and recently got
     Terminus did his time, got out of prison, and currently
lives in Silicon Valley where he is running a full-scale
Internet node, "netsys.com."   He programs professionally for a
company specializing in satellite links for the Internet.
     Carlton Fitzpatrick still teaches at the Federal Law
Enforcement Training Center, but FLETC found that the issues
involved in sponsoring and running a bulletin board system
are rather more complex than they at first appear to be.
     Gail Thackeray  briefly considered going into private
security, but then changed tack, and joined the Maricopa
County District Attorney's Office (with a salary).  She is
still vigorously prosecuting electronic racketeering in Phoenix,
     The fourth consecutive Computers, Freedom and Privacy
Conference will take place in March 1994 in Chicago.
     As for Bruce Sterling... well *8-).  I thankfully
abandoned my brief career as  a true-crime journalist and wrote a new
science fiction novel, *Heavy Weather,* and assembled a new
collection of short stories, *Globalhead.*  I also write
nonfiction regularly,  for the popular-science column in
*The Magazine of  Fantasy and Science Fiction.*
     I like life better on the far side of the boundary
between fantasy and reality;  but I've come to recognize that
reality has an unfortunate  way of annexing fantasy for its own
purposes. That's why I'm on the Police Liaison Committee for  EFF-
Austin, a local electronic civil liberties group (eff-
austin  I don't think I will ever get over my
experience of the Hacker Crackdown, and I expect to be
involved in electronic civil liberties activism for the rest
of my life.
     It wouldn't be hard to find material for another book
on computer crime and civil liberties issues.   I truly believe
that I could write another book much like this one, every year.
Cyberspace is very big.  There's a lot going on out there,
far more than can be adequately covered by the tiny, though
growing, cadre of network-literate reporters.  I do wish I
could do more work on this topic, because the various people of
cyberspace are an element of our society that definitely
requires sustained study and attention.
     But there's only one of me, and I have a lot on my
mind, and, like most science fiction writers, I have a lot more
imagination than discipline.  Having done my stint as an
electronic-frontier reporter, my hat is off to those
stalwart few who do it every day.  I may return to this topic some day,
but I have no real plans to do so.  However, I didn't have any
real plans to write "Hacker Crackdown," either.  Things happen,
nowadays.  There are landslides in cyberspace.  I'll just
have to try and stay alert and on my feet.
     The electronic landscape changes with astounding speed.
We are living through the fastest technological transformation
in human history.  I was glad to have a chance to document
cyberspace during one moment in its long mutation; a kind of
strobe-flash of the maelstrom.  This book is already out-of-
date, though, and it will be quite obsolete in another five
years. It seems a pity.
     However, in about fifty years, I think this book might
seem quite interesting.  And in a hundred years, this book
should seem mind-bogglingly archaic and bizarre, and will
probably seem far weirder to an audience in 2092 than it
ever seemed to the contemporary readership.
     Keeping up in cyberspace requires a great deal of
sustained attention.   Personally, I keep tabs with the
milieu by reading the invaluable electronic magazine  Computer
underground Digest  (tk0jut2 with the
subject header: SUB CuD and a message that says:  SUB CuD your
name   your.full.internet  I also read Jack
Rickard's bracingly iconoclastic *Boardwatch  Magazine* for print news
of the BBS and online community.  And, needless to say, I
read *Wired,* the first magazine of the 1990s that actually looks
and  acts like it really belongs in this decade.  There are other
ways to learn, of course, but these three outlets will guide your
efforts very well.
     When I myself want to publish something electronically,
which I'm doing with increasing frequency, I generally put
it on the gopher at Texas Internet Consulting, who are my, well,
Texan Internet consultants  (tic.com).  This book can be
found there.  I think it is a worthwhile act to let this work go
     From thence, one's bread floats out onto the dark
waters of cyberspace, only to return someday, tenfold.  And of
course, thoroughly soggy, and riddled with an entire amazing
ecosystem of bizarre and gnawingly hungry cybermarine life-
forms.  For this author at least, that's all that really
     Thanks for your attention  *8-)
     Bruce Sterling  bruces  -- New Years' Day
1994, Austin Texas
8<----------------- cut here ---------------------------------
Paul Ferguson
Sprint Managed Router Network Engineering           tel: 703.904.2437
Herndon, Virginia  USA                         internet: ferguson

@_date: 1994-01-03 05:33:58
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Current Operational Status 
Mike McNally writes -
If you think that is bad, you should surf comp.org.eff.talk this morning.

@_date: 1994-01-03 16:18:58
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Sydex Support programs 
P. Baumbach wrote -
These two nifty programs have been around for a while -- they are considered
"must haves" in any competent hack's tool kit. .-)
They are produced by a company called Sydex Software (support bbs at
503.683.1385) and prune.exe is especially useful to clear out buffer garbage between the  marker and the sector boundary. Most folks know of their more popular programs, AnaDisk (a really
good floppy disk analytical tool) and TeleDisk (another nifty tool to
compress an entire diskette and its contents into a single, compressed
file for transport).

@_date: 1994-01-06 16:30:13
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: U.S. Sprint Using SSN as Passcode? 
I can, at least, assure you that we internet engineering types are not
as foolish as our voice counterparts. Also, marketing is an evil thing. ObCaveat: I speak for myself, my data brethren, and not for US Sprint.
Paul Ferguson                         Sprint Managed Router Network Engineering              tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                            internet: ferguson
