
@_date: 1997-09-20 01:28:35
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: sooner or later 
But eventually could be 2047 (or 2097)...  I'm 40 now.  I'd like to live
to see the day.  This situation starts to unpleasantly remind me of
Heinlein's "If This Goes On...".
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-09-25 00:59:42
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: The great GAK crack (making GAK economically impossible) (fwd) 
If domestic GAK is mandated, my recommendation to my employer will be to
not transmit anything via the Internet that we wouldn't want on the
cover of The New York Times (or EE Times).  As a U.S. subsidiary of a
foreign corporation, I would not be surprised if our communications were
decrypted and the contents passed along to our U.S. competitors if
domestic GAK is mandated.  (Can you say, "industrial espionage"?  I knew
you could.)
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-09-27 01:30:58
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Chutzpah! FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
Alas (according to my failing memory) it was legislator from my home
state of Indiana during the early part of this century, who had planned
to make a killing in textbooks if Pi == 3.0 was accepted.  Fortunately
he was called on it when it went before the whole legislature.
I just have to wonder, how much of what we hear from various LEAs is due
to the political desires of the people doing the talking -- I'd suspect
that a majority of line officers (or the majority of those who are
informed on the topic) would have something quite different to say.  "In
a confusing situation, follow the money.  If there isn't any money,
follow the power."  Domestic crypto controls just fall _way_ too easily
into the trap of increased state power (vs. the actual percentages of
crimes whose investigations are impeded by crypto) to make me think that
this is anything other than just a blatant political move on the part of
the LEA managers.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-09-30 02:38:09
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Remailers and ecash 
First, some axioms:
1) Remailers help defeat traffic analysis.
2) The remailer network is small, because there is no commercial
3) Traffic through remailers is politically and commercially sensitive.
These axioms lead me to argue that, in the current worldwide political
climate, the most that can be expected is that the remailer network will
expand only by commercial but underground remailers accepting anonymous
digital cash on a per-message basis.  Why?:
1) Commercial -- because most people don't have enough spare resources
to devote them to an effort of this magnitude.
2) Underground -- because in most of the world, there will be a category
of messages that the local government will find unacceptable.  If the
remailer is in the industrialized part of the world, these governments
will have the resources to crack down on the remailer, possibly
comprising the remailer system in the process.  (Remailers in
non-industrialized or semi-industrialized areas will not be stable
enough due to infrastructure problems.)
3) Anonymous digital cash on a per-message basis -- because anything
else is subject to government and/or commercial/organizational coercion.
Keeping accounts at several remailers will mark you as surely as if you
advertised the holding of these accounts on your Web.  Per-message
anonymity of payment is the only way to significantly increase the work
factor of those trying to break through your veil of anonymity.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-10-01 02:09:09
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: Re: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
anonymously are
have no
Well, maybe the avenue to pursue isn't the average consumer, but the
average employee.  I don't doubt that at least some companies are under
email traffic analysis by their competitors (and/or their competitor's
governments) to get a clue about future directions for their products.
I could see where many (eventually most) companies would send email to
each other using remailers, so that only the companies involved know
that they communicated with each other.  Internet email doesn't provide
the same level of privacy that snail mail, phones, and faxes do now.
With the use of remailers, Internet email could provide more privacy
than snail mail, phones, or faxes.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-10-22 01:52:21
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: PGP, CMR, and OpenPGP 
As a Corporate Security Officer, I personally would prefer a solution
like Adam Back's CDR that leaves the copy of the corporate data on the
user's hard drive to the current PGP CMR.  As long as the email data
didn't need to be encrypted during local storage (i.e. encrypted against
the possibility of industrial espionage), I wouldn't care whether the
copy of the corporate data was encrypted -- actually it would be a lot
easier to leave it in plain text (as I think Tim May suggested).  (A
single file in Unix mail(1) file format would make a nice
auditing/reporting tool, so you could remember what you had sent to whom
all in one place.)
Corporate keys as in PGP CMR just means another key to manage that
provides a single point of weakness in the company's security
architecture.  Without forcing everyone to run on a secure OS on
hardware they can't directly access (i.e. no desktop computers), any
additional security provided by a CMR system (as in providing
unalterable records of encrypted email that was sent) can be easily
OpenPGP, meanwhile, should work on non-GAK/CAK solutions, while PGP Inc.
should come up with a new product name (like 'BizSecure' only less
whimsical) for its line of corporate encryption programs.  (It might
even be better business for PGP to set up a wholly-owned subsidiary,
whose name does not even incorporate the term 'PGP' or its derivatives,
for marketing such products, as those products would not be tainted by
personal privacy reputation of the name 'PGP'.)  'BizSecure' and its
kindred would then interoperate with OpenPGP standards only to the
extent of the common non-GAK/CAK functionality of the two systems.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is 'Don't Tread on

@_date: 1997-10-22 02:01:52
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: Re: Remailers and ecash (fwd) 
Picking up a thread of a few weeks ago (sometimes life intervenes)...
What I propose is:
recipient -> decrypt
which forces the opponent to both monitor traffic much more closely (to
get around the traffic analysis-resistance of remailers) and to decrypt
the actual messages.  The point being to force the opponent to employ
other, less safe (more chance of discovery) techniques, like bribing
your employees or sending in agents as employees of the cleaning
company, etc., etc.   This use of remailers I think could be worth money
to corporations.
Unless you are a truly huge corporation, you are not going to be in a
position to set up private email links with everyone you need a private
email link to.  Using the Internet, while deploying security measures
appropriate to the application, is just too cost-effective.  My proposal
is just that using encryption and remailers together gives you more
security than either technique will alone, perhaps enough that
commercial remailers could flourish.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-10-24 02:34:57
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: PGP and CMR: Just a Few Lines... 
A point that I still feel gets lost by some participants in this issue
is that the changes to PGP for CMR/GMR are very minor -- all that needs
to occur is to get the CMR keys from wherever they are stored, and then
add them as additional recipients.  The political value of persuading
PGP to adopt CDR >> actual technical value, as the change to CMR should
involve < 10 lines of code (said, of course, without actually inspecting
the code :).
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-10-25 01:38:44
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: PGP Employee on MKR 
But the changes to add GAK/GMR/CMR to PGP (or any other crypto product
that permits multiple recipients) are close to trivial.  Don't be fooled
into thinking that if PGP takes this "feature" out (can't be a bug --
it's documented :) that that will make it a lot harder to add that
feature back in once the appropriate laws are passed.
Still, in retrospect, PGP's engineers and scientists should have thought
about all the security implications of CMR -- they might have
implemented CDR to begin with.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-10-28 02:21:15
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: PGP Employee on MKR 
Start your own business.  It will take sacrifice, but it can be done.
It doesn't even need to be in your day-job profession, for that matter

@_date: 1997-10-28 02:35:52
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Orthogonality and Disaster Recovery 
As someone who has witnessed recovering email (the icky task fell to
someone else), I can tell you it's not a pretty sight.  Employees leave,
sometimes under a cloud (sometimes under several tornadoes worth of bad
weather), sometimes people are assigned overseas, etc. -- sometimes file
recoveries need to be done, which implies that there may have been
encryption used on those files.  CDR (IMHO) would allow for these kind
of recoveries without compromising the security of the data en-route.
Personally, I would prefer a CDR system that did _not_ encrypt the
stored plaintext, just because that simplifies matters while also
preventing use of CDR for GAK, as there are _no_ general organization
keys for the government to desire.  Nothing prevents the employee from
encrypting the "recovery file" anyway, which should be done if the
information is "sensitive but unclassified" (like company financial data
that should only be viewable by the employees responsible for that
data).  (This should be done in most companies because any computer kept
at the desktop is inherently insecure.)  (Handling disk/file encryption
keys in a corporate setting is a separate matter.)
The ability to recover important documents is what _I_ want as an IS
member -- and CMR isn't the best way to do it.
(Personally, if IS has time to monitor everyone's email, I think they
are *way* overstaffed...)
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-10-29 03:21:11
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Source code obfuscation 
has 2 shareware
tools for C code.  I also know there is/was some kind of commercial
tool, that used to be used by Abraxas  for
their CodeCheck product in Unix configurations.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-01 01:52:02
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
I think you're overreacting here (or I am misreading the above '>>').
If the sentence is life, with a chance for parole after 15 years, or if
the sentence is death, that is what all those who practice civil
disobedience should face -- what the actual sentence is.  Applying
pepper spray directly to eyes of _non-violent_ demonstrators is "cruel
and unusual punishment", not just normal arrest procedures.  (Violent
demonstrators must deal with the consequences of their actions,
including death.)
[as usual -- just my own views...]
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-01 01:54:57
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: PGP Employee on MKR 
Or lots of encrypted old email that contains useful information.
Especially in a larger corporate environment, where an email system is
deployed that uses a proprietary message store (like Microsoft Mail or
Microsoft Exchange), people tend to use the mailboxes as storage
containers.  It gets worse if these isn't a way to get the messages out
of the vendor's message store conveniently -- if you want to keep old
messages around, they _have_ to be stored in the vendor's message store.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-01 02:02:45
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Protocols for Insurance to Maintain Privacy 
This is almost a necessity nowadays, as many employers don't start your
health coverage until you have been employed for 6 months.  A high
deductible makes self-insurance (at least for engineers) affordable when
in-between corporate health insurance policies.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-01 03:43:10
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: North CA cops skip preliminaries, get straight to torture 
Hmmm... must have missed the part about their trespassing.  If
demonstrators trespass (or break any other laws), then they must bear
the consequences of their actions.  To me, the only truly peaceful
demonstrator is one who does not break any laws while demonstrating
(other than laws that stipulate that no demonstrations are permitted
(First Amendment and all)).
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-08 01:55:35
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Hughes Markets? (Was Re: Copyright commerce and the street	 musician protocol) 
The short answer: you can't prevent theft of copyrighted data if the
user has physical control of the computer the data resides on.
The long answer: depending on the OS and the hardware, you can make it
difficult enough that it is not worth the effort for low-value data.  As
a veteran of the copy-protection wars (so, am I one of just 3 people on
this list approaching/into middle age? (hi Tim and William :))), I know
that it is impossible to protect unencrypted data if the user has
physical control of the system.  Unfortunately, in order to use the
data, you have to decrypt the darn stuff!!  Especially with the OSes
commonly in use on PCs (DOS, Win3.1, Win95, MacOS), there is very little
memory protection going on, so snarfing the data can be done entirely
through software by a determined cracker -- there is no need to resort
to hardware hacks.
Technological protection against theft of intellectual property is like
the search for the Philosopher's Stone during the Middle Ages -- many
are seduced by the promise, but it is a promise that cannot be kept by
personal computers.  If the display device is/incorporates a
general-purpose computer that can be physically accessed, then the data
in the display device is subject to compromise.  The very flexibility
and accessibility of a general-purpose computing device is its undoing
when it comes to protected unencrypted data -- and data has to be
unencrypted to be used.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-13 21:43:34
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
is in
end of
I think you are falling into the "map _is_ the territory" mistake here,
Bob.  Tim is just speaking his mind, lucidly and forcefully as usual.
(The same way you do, which is why I enjoy reading both your posts so
much, although your prose styles differ so greatly.)  Tim isn't "waving
your Glock at the local sherriff" -- he is talking about his actions if
law enforcement decides to violate the Constitution personally upon him.
Although it is certainly the case that all rights, at their boundaries,
may be observed more in the breech, I don't think the situation is so
bad _yet_ that Tim has to lay awake nights worrying about a no-knock.
Tim, I guess I see you as someone who has spotted a bunch of
thunderclouds on the horizon, so you have decided to stock up on
raingear before the deluge.  But, with a little luck and a lot of common
sense on the part of the populace, neither Tim nor anyone else will have
to go through that particular hell.  As one additional datapoint, when
our local "FAX Daily" (a daily FAXed paper) took a poll on GAK, 66% were
against government access to keys (and "FAX Daily" is aimed at the
general population).  (I have this suspicion that California is more
likely to develop "thunderclouds on the horizon" that don't turn into
local storms, due to the greater concentration of Democratic Party
members there -- Indiana, as a Republican state, certainly sees a lot of
posturing about family values and such, but with Republican
anti-government rhetoric, it is hard for Republicans to push too hard
for the massive increases of government regulation that would be
required to actually enforce family values by governmental fiat.)
Tim, from what I understand of what he said, is just getting prepared if
the worst comes.  One of the functions of this list as I see it is just
this sort of preparation, which can often stave off the actual worst.
If those who would desire this sort of power over the population are
made aware that the population won't stand for it, they are less likely
to continue to seek that level of power.
To close with a quote that I think (from my Midwest perception of the
situation) describes best how the near-term will actually work out:
"There's no way the federal government could oppress the citizens,
the populace is armed to the teeth, and the officials would just get
heads blown off."
   -- James Madison argues the pro-government position, Federalist
Papers Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-15 01:53:53
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Bob Hettinga writes in reply ('>'):
wit, Tim
a, um,
I think you're making a mountain out of a metaphor, here, Bob (sound of
language processor set on "puree"...)
In what seems to worry you about Tim, I see him just saying that if
things he thinks may come to pass, do come to pass, he isn't going to go
"quietly into that goodnight".  I suspect his view of what is coming is
influenced by where he lives (Corralitos, CA) just as yours is
influenced by your location (Boston, MA) and my viewpoint is necessarily
influenced by my location (Noblesville/Indianapolis, IN).  It seems to
me that a lot of social changes start on the West Coast, often including
those of a greater governmental powers nature -- Tim may actually have
more to worry about than you or me.  Or none of us may have these
worries *if* we make sure, in whatever ways we can, to influence others
to resist the continuing encroachment of governmental power upon
individual freedoms.  Plus I think (from what I can see):
* Tim likes to be prepared; and
* Tim finds weaponry intrinsically interesting;
so these elements enter his writing.
To make a long story short (too late!), when I read Tim saying that the
judge has committed a capital crime, I interpret that as he should be
tried, and if found guilty (as Tim thinks likely so), then he should
receive a severe punishment consistent with the nature of his crime.
Both Tim and you, Bob, write very clearly and coherently.  I have never
read anything that Tim has written that makes me think he is anywhere
near ready to make a "first strike" against government -- but if the
government chooses to act illegally and unconstitutionally against Tim,
he says he will defend himself as is his right.
I dunno... Sometimes, Bob, I think that you and Tim have so much trouble
because you are in such violent agreement about the importance of
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:27:32
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Search engines and https 
I suspect this is just a hangover from the earlier days of the Web
(1993-1994) when it seemed to me that a lot of Web content was
repurposed from other sources (gopher, FTP, Telnet -- the old "page
after page of links").  I suspect that  indexing occurred so
that the early search engines could manage the amount and types of data
The other aspects are that:
* https:// can be significantly slower to server off of a smaller server
(http:// giving OK performance, but https:// being a dog), which may
prevent some from serving more content via  and
* Many of us find being your own Certificate Authority makes for greater
security, as you never have to let your private keys out the door, but
only recently have the tools for creating and maintaining Certificate
Authorities and server certificates become really commercialized (i.e.
GUI front ends, available from Netscape and Microsoft, etc.)
These aspects, I think, have combined to reduce the number of pages
served by  such that the search engine vendors probably haven't
been bugged very much to index https:// pages.  I expect this to change.

@_date: 1997-12-19 02:36:12
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: IBM Abandons Cryptolopes 
CNET has the full story at
Apparently (IMHO), someone at IBM realized that Cryptolopes were
isomorphic to copy-protection -- and we all know how much
widely-available commercial software is copy-protected today (i.e. none
to speak of).  As a veteran of the copy-protection wars on the side of
the bad guys (the copy-protectors), it is just impossible to fully
copy-protect software given the current state of PC and workstation
hardware (though I expect most of you already know this).  I predict
that if someone tries to add features to computers to make
copy-protection more tamper-resistant, there will be a great groundswell
of protest by the mass of computer users, both private and corporate.
Only if such protection were mandated by government (a la Stallman's
"The Right to Read") would this even be close to feasible.
To close, a quote from Eugene Spafford:
"The only truly secure system is one that is powered off, cast in a
block of concrete and sealed in a lead-lined room with armed guards --
and even then I have my doubts."
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-12-19 02:44:37
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: Jim Bell and Why the Government Did What It Did 
I've been doing a lot of thinking on Jim Bell's plight, so based on my
experiences with government workers, this is how I think it happened:
(A little background -- my wife and I have a hobby of doing small
real-estate developments, so we have ended up dealing with the local
government employees quite a bit, so much so that they know us by name
and face by now.)  One big impression left with me by government
employees is that most of them are serious, nay even solemn, people.  I
think that they are the kind of people who never have perpetrated a
prank in their lives.  Couple that fact with the kind of prank Jim Bell
pulled (using mercaptan (sp?) to the level of making people vomit from
the smell), and I suspect that the IRS folks got incredibly bent out of
shape over it.  (As I myself would if I had an office that I
administered and someone did that to my employees and/or me.)
The incredible anger that was likely generated by that action (a prank
in Jim's eyes, but certainly not in the eyes of the IRS employees)
caused them to try everything legally within their power to "get" Jim
Bell.  His use of multiple SS to avoid paying taxes probably just
increased their fury, given that the job of the IRS (according to the
likely majority viewpoint of IRS employees) is to ensure the compliance
of their fellow citizens with the tax code so that the burden may be
shared fairly.  Jim's AP writings added fuel to the IRS employee's
fires, most likely causing them to think that Jim was going to be up to
more serious deeds in the future -- but that was not the likely the
initial cause of their furor, it was the attack on their offices and the
attack on their livelihood and the government that they all work for.
If Mr. Bell had not made his attack on their office, and had not tried
to illegally evade taxes, we would still likely be reading his musings
and rantings on AP as he would be walking around a free man.  AP, of
course, made for wonderful :) publicity for the IRS in Jim Bell's case,
as it is something that the media could really sink its teeth into.
So, in short -- Jim Bell, IMHO, is in jail because he vandalized IRS
offices and prevented them from doing their legally-appointed duties --
not because of AP.  AP just gave the IRS and the media a lot of good,
juicy tidbits to feed to the public about Mr. Bell.
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1997-12-31 02:14:31
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: RE: Word Processors and GUIs 
This is why I started using Windows 3.0 along with the MKS Toolkit Shell
back when.  Sometimes a CLI interface is the right tool -- sometimes a
GUI is the right tool.  It especially seems the case that graphical
activities (like word processing (vs. text editing)) gain much from a
GUI interface.  I also have several CLI utilities for manipulating GUI
objects (believe it or not, you can't tell Exchange Mail Client to use
'>' (or any other) as the reply character).
Nowadays, I run NT 4.0 with an MKS Toolkit Korn Shell loaded at startup
as one of my apps.  (Microsoft missed a chance when they didn't license
MKS Toolkit for NT 4.0 and Windows 95.)
secretary or
The "ctrl-alt-meta-cokebottle" syndrome was a major pain, one I was glad
to separate myself from.
(I started on Purdue MACE (a CDC 6000 Kronos derivative) with punched
cards, quickly graduated to Purdue MESA TTY access to MACE, then was one
of the first Unix users at Purdue around 1978.  I've created programs
for MACE, Unix, CP/M, MS-DOS, WicatOS, Windows 3.1/95/NT, VAX/VMS, and
Data General AOS.)
I started typing my own papers on Unix Version 6 in 1979, using NROFF.
Probably why I like styles in Word so much...
Although Windows NT 4.0 is around the quality of Unix circa 1981 or so,
that still makes it much superior to any other Microsoft OS.  With the
MKS Toolkit implementation of the Korn Shell + other Unix utilities, and
a recent version of Perl (5.004 or later), I don't feel like I'm
underpowered on NT 4.0 relative to when I work on a Sun under Solaris
How true.  Although the quality of Windows NT 4.0 is not up to what I
get under Solaris or HP-UX, I can use my machine as a light-duty
production server as well as a workstation.  It is good enough for me to
be able to concentrate on the hard work of creating quality prose and
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Their walls are built of cannon balls, their motto is
'Don't Tread on Me'"

@_date: 1998-01-29 05:01:56
@_author: Fisher Mark 
@_subject: Microsoft Internet Explorer: Request for Comments 
(taking a deep breath, and donning a flame-resistant Kevlar suit...)
We are meeting with Microsoft tomorrow (1/29, 10am EST) to discuss the
problems in and needed enhancements for Internet Explorer 4.x.  If
anyone would care to pass along their comments, I would welcome them.
Note that I would prefer serious comments, although any that are both
sufficiently humorous and not too defamatory towards Microsoft might
also be passed along.  (We currently have lists of 73 bugs and 27
enhancement requests...)
Mark Leighton Fisher          Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm          Indianapolis, IN
"Browser Torture Specialist, First Class"
