
@_date: 1996-09-04 15:03:00
@_author: Florian Lengyel 
@_subject: Re: The Esther Dyson Flap 
Agreed. Otherwise, by a slipery slope argument, they can eventually
supress any form of speech whatsoever.

@_date: 1996-09-06 16:35:21
@_author: Florian Lengyel 
@_subject: Re: up 
Given the opportunity to construe something the wrong way, I will.
I take it this means we should call you now.
F Lengyel

@_date: 1996-09-07 23:25:51
@_author: Florian Lengyel 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
That seems to undermine the analogy that the Internet is like an immense
electronic postal service, which suggests a more public than private
I take issue with the assumption that a carrier of the "internet postal
service" has the status of a "private individual or organization." I
that a corporation providing a mail delivery service might not be as
free as
a private individual is to set arbitrary limits on the services they
provide to their customers. Unlike the people who donate their time and
resources to the Internet out of goodwill, and who may set arbitrary
limits on the services they provide, in my experience, out of bad will, and who cannot be so
easily removed, a corporation's business can suffer if it doesn't provide
One of the good things about the commercialization of the Internet is
you can fire those who, instead of providing a service, are busy
exercising arbitrary rights to refuse services unfairly or for no reason If the Internet is supposed to be some sort of postal service, and the
ISP's are supposed to be akin to carriers, who don't regulate content,
then I think its wrong for them to regulate the content of the mail
service that they provide, even in the case of junkmail. (Of course
ISP's may impose various network controls that may have the effect of
restricting mass mailings without discriminating against content per se.
However, it is naive to assume that many network controls will not have
some effect on content, simply because of a logical distinction between
network control and editorial control - how many times have you heard various thinkers complain that the TV network soundbite isn't enough to
sustain critical commentary, etc?)
Since I reject the flat assumption that corporate ISP's have the same
freedom as private individuals to set limits on the internet services they provide  - in this case their freedom to act is limited by business constraints - it's fair to ask why it's morally OK for ISP's to censor junkmail, but if the government wants to step in, that's another matter entirely.
I'm not in favor of the government stepping in, but I am in favor of
some consequences of the commercialization of the internet. A bad
consequence is the increased volume of junkmail. A good consequence is the possibility of removing people who act as arbirary censors of other people's mail or speech, who invoke their rights as private individuals to regulate the services they provide for any reason whatsoever, while they hold their government to a higher standard of conduct, and even seek the protection of their government to act like petty dictators. F Lengyel	flengyel

@_date: 1996-09-08 01:44:06
@_author: Florian Lengyel 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
My point exactly
I fail to see why charging money
Do you feel
You provide the answer that I had in mind:
Non sequiteur. You're not responding to my point, which is a moral criticism of the tone of statements like which seem to oversimplify matters for corporations like AOL. Of course
can repeat statements like these to its customers until it was blue in
the face, but the good news is that their customers could vote with their
feet. My criticism of your statement is that it an aethetically ugly and
hippocritical position to take, if one purports to provide mail services to hundreds of thousands of customers, or purports not to engage in editorial control, or purports to promote free speech. If ISP's want
to provide services subject to arbitary limitations fine ... I am
stating that
I find this practice deplorable, and I have not implied that I favor
regulation to correct such situations, as much as you want to believe
that I have.
That's an overinterpretation of my words.
Non sequiteur.
What dictionary do you use?
I see you've looked in the mirror recently :) F Lengyel	flengyel
