
@_date: 1992-11-17 08:16:02
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Hackers, Crackers 
Well, I don't know about this guy, but there's something similar that occurred to me during the hackers conference.  Some of the people on this
list heard me express it badly, and I wanted to clarify.
We always used to distinguish hackers from crackers.
But cracking reveals the cracks in a way that nothing else does.  It makes them real, sometimes laughably or painfully so.
Electronic privacy is currently a joke.  It's bad.
You need to know what kinds of attacks you're trying to defend against.
I used to think those arguments were rationalizations.  Now I'm glad there are people who know this stuff, who are actually doing it.
Some of "them" are on what I think of as the good side, and "we" need that
kind of knowledge, if only as an occasional splash of cold water, a spur
(to switch metaphorical, er, horses in mid, um, stream).
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-11-23 14:40:40
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Hackers, Crackers 
Well, I don't know about this guy, but there's something similar that occurred to me during the hackers conference.  Some of the people on this
list heard me express it badly, and I wanted to clarify.
We always used to distinguish hackers from crackers.
But cracking reveals the cracks in a way that nothing else does.  It makes them real, sometimes laughably or painfully so.
Electronic privacy is currently a joke.  It's bad.
You need to know what kinds of attacks you're trying to defend against.
I used to think those arguments were rationalizations.  Now I'm glad there are people who know this stuff, who are actually doing it.
Some of "them" are on what I think of as the good side, and "we" need that
kind of knowledge, if only as an occasional splash of cold water, a spur
(to switch metaphorical, er, horses in mid, um, stream).
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-11-24 11:06:50
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Remailer ideas 
Tom.Jennings sez
Okay, here's something easy to implement: a "From: stripper" specifically
for the cypherpunks address, like,         cypherpunks-anon .
The point is that all you have to do to use it is to have the address.
The same for the following ideas:
Harder: something that takes mail to arbitrary "user ids" at its machine and
remails based on them, so you could send to me at, say,
        sw%%smds.com .
Harder: take a long encrypted address as the user id.  Do mail systems
allow arbitrary length user ids?  Anyway, you'd be mailing to things like:
        wjefa248hap94ghs39p8g4s9perspe98b9p08serhg9p8serh9sherp9hse9rp89sper898psexrg99p8ser989regp9ser9pys98per9pse8ry9p8sxyer9p8yser9p8ys9per8p9se8ry9pseyr8sezrpahw4pwa49nw84th9w8y34w456yuvw05536vue4w5vw38064vw306uw45
I realize these things have weaknesses beyond the kazoo, but wadaya think?
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-11-25 09:17:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re:  Random Numbers Boxes and Cypher Processers 
A point that hasn't been made painfully clear yet: "DSP--Digital
Signal Processor" chips are really just fast processors for repetitious arithmetic--just what RSA needs.  Maybe some experience in
programming them for that sort of purpose would be useful.
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-01 10:17:44
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Lazy man's PGP key collection 
I collect PGP keys with a PGP keys mailbox.
Instead of trashing a message when I'm through reading it, if it has
a PGP key, I transfer it to the PGP keys mailbox.  In Eudora that means
pulling down the Transfer menu to the "-> PGP keys" entry.
These are, of course, only play keys.  They could be from people who aren't
who they say they are, or they could have been tampered with on the way to
me.  Unless they've been signed by someone I trust and have a trustworthy
key for.  (Just a standard disclaimer anytime I mention public keys.)
only her cryptographer knows for sure
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-01 10:17:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: How far is to far? 
Mark (mark sed
Seems on topic to me.
Tim May and Fen Labalme have given good replies.
I hate the sloppy setup of the internet/usenet/netnews/mailing-lists
in general.  The way things are gives anarchy a bad name, and I think they could use a good hosing off--if only that would mean they would
get cleaned.  Unfortunately the way people react to abuses is often just to add extra patches.
Take "kill files," which Tim mentions.  The thing I hate about that term
(even more than that they're lists of people to "kill,") is that they're
after-the-fact.  Here's this mail that keeps pouring into my mailbox, and
every day my robot has to find and burn the 90% that even a robot can be
taught to recognize as junk.  Prompt, temporary STUPID relief of symptoms.
(I mean, while I'm at it, I hate the broadcast-and-filter model of netnews,
CD ROMs, and cable TV.  I want things available for me to go fetch.)
That kind of filtering has a place, but I like more positive-reputation,
positive-interest models.  Like subscription mail groups.  Also, I
understand that Fido users have to pay their own transport charges.  I
don't know if that applies to the "echo" groups, but it should...Mr. Jennings?...because that's another natural kind of filtering against
network hosing.  You can flood my mailbox if you pay me enough.
I guess these won't happen much, just judging from how much they happen now
even though they're not that hard to do.  But sure, they'll happen.
It would be nice if people learned information-hygene lessons like
skepticism and protecting privacy, and accepting-life lessons like accepting
what does get revealed about oneself and others...(whistful grin).
More like, people will learn if we teach; things will change if we change
them.  Scary issues are good educational material when used right, especially when you can say, "This is stupid and it can be *fixed* and
we can use your help."
quote me...within *reason* of course
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-03 15:36:23
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: understandable cypher software 
A paragraph of philosophy and then some technical PGP questions.
I should be able to verify with my own eyes how cypher technology works.  Otherwise I'm trusting my security to somebody's black box.
I should be able to write my own and test that it interacts with someone else's the way it's supposed to.  I should be able to monitor the communications between my copy of a cypher product and some other, and verify that they're doing the things people say they are. Besides, I'd like to carry the crypto basics in my head "just in case."
To these ends, I'd like cypher software that is as easy to read and
understand and trust as possible.  I'd like to start with a distilled PGP.  Does this list cover the heart chambers of PGP? (Not to devalue the rest):
        RSA
        IDEA
        The signature algorithm (MD5?)
                128 bits?
                Is that based on RSA?
        A cryptostrong pseudorandom # generator?
                Is this based on RSA?
        Something that takes keystroke delays (real, but not so good,                 random numbers) and makes real good random numbers?
                Is this based on RSA?
        A data compression algorithm (some variation of LZW?)
        A binary<-->ascii translator
RSA seems to depend on doing modulo-multiply on big integers.  What are the relative speeds of the different modmults in PGP (modulo processor speed)...
        the simplest C version
        the fastest C version
        the fastest assembler version on the processor where it matters least
        the fastest assembler version on the processor where it matters most?
Given the time to do modmult, couldn't all the rest (including modexp) be
done in an interpreter that had big ints and modmult as a primitive?
What's the formula for RSA again?
        out = in * something ^ somethingelse mod yetanother??
        I know it can't be, because the key is only one number.
What is/are the basic primitive(s) for IDEA?
"Computer software must not only work, it must also appear to work."
                           --Carl Hewitt
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-04 17:46:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: getting .hqx files with ftpmail 
A note for fools like me trying to get Mac .hqx files through "ftpmail"...
USE ASCII MODE!  Otherwise it defaults to adding an extra layer of "btoa"
encoding on the file (or you can switch it to uuencode, but why uuencode
an .hqx file--it's already plain text).  "btoa" files start like this:
        xbtoa begin
        wef9a87eg8a9wery8s7arg87gae8g7waeo87rwe8r(garbage)...
as opposed to uuencoded files like:
        begin fred.txt
        aewhgp9ergu90ser890syuer98gse98r(garbage)...
or .hqx files (this is from memory):
        (This file has to be decoded with BinHex 2.0)
        k9wegesz9p8rgy89serg9oser98ser98(garbage)...
I don't know where to find "btoa," and ftpmail's help message just says
to ask my local wizard.  He never heard of it.
--- Example request to ftpmail ---
        connect mac.archive.umich.edu
        cd mac/util/encryption
        ascii
        get macpgp2.0.sit.hqx
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-07 08:26:16
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: CHATTER Re: Broadcast/Filter vs. "Fetching" 
(I put "CHATTER" in the subject line as a clue that this is general talk
off the subject of directly implementing crypto stuff.)
Yanek Martinson     sent an interesting message
to me--I think he meant to post it--in response to my gripe:
Perhaps our company could make room for a couple days worth of the complete
netnews.  But,
  o  That's hardly all the information there is.
  o  I could never read it all, and I don't trust computer filters much.
  o  I don't want to be a slave to the newsfeed/use-it-or-lose-it deal;
     I want to follow threads into the past, at my leisure.  I want to let
     some discussions cook and then come back to them.
This is what I found interesting.  You would really like the network (some
network) to support distributed redundant archives, preferably with cross-
checking.  It would be even nicer if information could be stored, with
storage cost charged to the owner and/or readers, and yet not have it knowable where the information was.  Somehow a backwards mix setup.  Put on your crypto thinking caps, kids.
Yes.  But, say, tens of untraceable sites would be okay.  The flip side of
100K x redundancy is the little emily postnews handslap--"ARE YOU SURE?"--
and the rigamarole over creating new groups, and whether all the machines
between you and the center of the universe get all the groups, etc.
Plus the fact that most sites delete the stuff after a week or two, and
all the effects on people's writing that has.
My brain filters my mail!  Boy do I pay for it!
??  I don't want machine filtering at all.  Mostly I want references I can
follow up easily.  That's what fetching means.
Hope it's clearer.
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-08 09:53:58
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: peasant_multiply question 
I got out my copy of the original RSA paper, and I'm comparing it to the
PGP 2.0 code.  I have a question about the peasant_modmult routine (the
simplest modmult in PGP).  Here's pseudocode of what I think it's doing:
    /* Inputs: modulus, multiplier, multiplicand */
    /* Output: prod */
    prod = 0;
    set sniffer to most significant bit of multiplier;
    nbits = number of significant bits in multiplier;
    while( nbits-- )
        {
        shift prod left 1;
        prod = prod - modulus;
        if( the bit of the multiplier being sniffed = 1 )
            {
            prod = prod + multiplicand;
            prod = prod - modulus;
            }
        move the sniffer to the next bit of the multiplier;
        }
My question is (assuming I'm understanding the code right), how can it
work subtracting modulus unconditionally all the time?  Won't it make
prod negative sometimes, and then keep multiplying the negative number
by two until it overflows?   Isn't that a problem??
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-08 11:38:37
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: PGP questions 
Thanks for the answers, Hal.  I have been digging into the original
RSA paper and the PGP 2.0 sources.  By the way, sorry if my response
time is long; I've been traveling for work lately.
I suggested leaving the minimum set of compute-intensive routines
in C and implementing the higher-level stuff in some higher-level language ("HLL"), possibly interpreted.  Hal pointed out some of the crunching jobs other than modmult.  Using an HLL has cons as well as pros to it.
The main advantage (for my purpose here) is that C code has a lot of noise that gets in the way of understanding.  This could also be improved by some coding style changes--for instance, using some object-oriented stuff (data structures that handle more of their own details) and, ahem, fewer Another advantage of an HLL is ease of trying out different, er, schemes.
If I used an HLL, I think it would be one that had very C-like syntax.
The main drawback of an HLL is that it's another program that you
have to trust.  Sometimes inner parts of interpreters and compilers are hard to write so that they are correct *and seem* correct when you look at them.  A couple of things they can do are automatic space allocation, garbage collection and "burning" data that's no longer in use ("garbage quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-10 12:26:02
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: CHATTER Broadcast/Filter vs. "Fetching" 
Yanek Martinson basically says that the information that comes over the netnews right now is small enough that you could archive a couple weeks' worth on a gigabyte disk and put the rest on four DAT tapes per year.
True, but that's only the current rate of this particular channel.
Plus, most of the time I'd have to go back to tape.  But the real problem
here is that I haven't explained what I want instead.
I want all the archives of all the information in all media that have ever
been published and stored electronically (including on video and audio tape)
available at a second's notice.  That's the volume and access-time part of
it.  The other part is, how do I find what I want?  Yanek responds to me:
Because I read one thing, and it says "in response to your article number
so-and-so," or, "Hey, folks, there's a great book on this over here."
In other words, following mentions in other things I see--things written
mostly by humans, at least at this point, but also published indexes
(manual or automatic) and guides.
That plus maybe a couple of low-bandwidth subscription setups like
magazines, and maybe one or two discussion groups like this one that I
would give full time attention to.
That when I requested something, automatically a couple of storage sites
would be asked for its MD5 checksum, and my machine would check them against
each other and the actual data I got.
The DAT system you describe has all the potential readers pay for the storage.
If they want to, then fine, but if not, and you don't want to either, that's fine, let your answer evaporate.  Someone always *is* paying.
What's that cost, including electronics, modem, etc?  Also, you didn't answer about the difficulty of creating groups.
store me now and quote me later
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-10 12:26:15
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: crypto credits 
How about "crypto credits" or "quatloos?"
(And you're right about David Chaum, Dining Cryptographers and Digi Cash.)
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1992-12-10 12:24:49
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Tapes of Cypherpunks meeting? 
Would it be possible to pay someone to video (or at least audio)
tape this meeting (& others)--or at least the scheduled speakers?  I can imagine privacy concerns...  Maybe someone could
get ready to do it and then ask the attendees whether it's okay,
or under what arrangement.  There will definitely be people there
with somewhat informed opinions on whether to trust me.
This brings up a fun concept: encrypted digital video and audio.
Would it be hard to do IDEA encryption at the standard CD rate?
There are schemes to compress video to that rate--how available
are they?  How much investment in equipment and crunch time do you need?  How easy is it to interrupt the bit streams in and out
of a DAT recorder?  How cheap is the decoder?
At present I would prefer VHS.
from out of nowhere
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-01-26 08:59:23
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Hash Cash and Ripped Checks 
Here's a form of digital cash and checks that takes off from Tim May's
and Hal's ideas, and might have advantages, but uses crypto.  I find it easier to understand than Chaum's method (but maybe the complexity
vs. benefits make it the worst of all possible worlds...lemme know).
        This message can be exchanged for $x at Fred's Bank
        by the first person to present it along with a message whose
        MD5 hash is: h
        (Serial number: n)
        Digitally Signed,
                Fred's Bank
Think of this as the right half of a $x bill that's been ripped in half.  The hash is the shape of the rip.  The bill is valid if you're the first
one with both matching halves.  The left half is blank (a random message
that hashes to h).
TO VERIFY: take a new piece of paper, rip it in half (generate a random number, take its hash).  Send both halves of the old bill, plus the right half of the piece of paper (the new hash), to the bank.  The bank either says the old bill was spent*, or sends back the right half with the same amount and their signature.  Now only you have the whole new bill.
CHECKS: ask the payee to give you a blank right half.  Pay the bank to fill it in.  The payee can verify that it's good without taking it to the bank.
STAMPS/TOKENS/GIFT CERTIFICATES: The payee gives you a pack of right halves.  You turn them to checks later.  They might include a serial
number with each one and ask you to give it back with the check so they
can look up (or regenerate!) the left halves easily.  They might even insist that you use the hash/serial # pairs in sequence!  (Or is crypto-
strong hashing of serial numbers too much to ask?)
There are even more compromises of anonymity here than with Tim and Hal's
ideas--I assume some compensation with remailers, as Hal suggested.
I was thinking you could launder money by buying checks from Bank B with checks to Bank B that are drawn on Bank A, etc.
A similar form would be something that said:
        This message can be exchanged for $x at Fred's Bank
        by the first person to present it         signed with the private key that matches this public key: k
        (Serial number: n)
        (pad)
        Digitally Signed,
                Fred's Bank
This would let you buy checks to random strangers without having to
transact anything with them first, but it's sure obvious who the check is to.
*Maybe you'd send the right half, then the bank would either
prove that it already had the left half, or you'd proceed as above.
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-02-03 07:52:54
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: psEUDORAndom 
While searching (in Eudora) for the word "eudora", I found instead
the word "pseudorandom."  One more property of "living at the P.O.?"
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-02-03 14:32:39
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: CFP '93 roommates? 
Fellow Extropians, Cypherpunks, and Computer Freedom and Privacy seekers--
Is anyone else hoping to share a room at the SF Airport Marriot for CFP '93?
The rates are $99 per room, single or multiple occupancy, for
conference attendees, with a limited block of rooms available, offer
expires Feb 9.
Please respond to
NOT to fnerd.  Thanks.  (My fnerd mail goes through a two-day-long pipeline.)
--Steve Witham

@_date: 1993-02-08 21:03:21
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: SunExpress to expand "unlockable" software distribution 
gnu (John Gilmore) says:
I was in a meeting where the license manager technology was explained from
a semi-technical, semi-business point of view.
 o  There's a standard that many companies are using.  It's for the rpc
    interface between licensed programs and license managers.  The
    program calls the manager, tells it a couple things, and asks,
    is it okay for me to run?
 o  License managers vary in the kinds of licenses they can support.
    There's enough variety of license possibilities to make your
    head swim.
 o  License managers generally work from "licenses," which are text files
    on your computer that describe the terms of particular licenses in a     license-manager-specific language.
 o  I think they use RSA, MD5, etc., for instance in signing logs that they
    keep.
 o  License-managers are themselves expensive and licensed, with a variety
    of up-front/per platform/per site/per end user/per developer license     combinations as well as the feature variety I mentioned.
I could probably find out what public documents exist if nobody else on the
list knows.
quote me
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-02-13 17:45:13
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Gold code? 
Could someone tell me (privately) what a Gold code is?
Or, could someone resend me the message that described it?
(I think it was in a thread about digital cellular phones.)

@_date: 1993-02-23 21:33:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Crypto goals 
Encrypted computing.  This is even harder than non-disassemblable code.
The idea is that you couldn't even tell what happened to the data if you
watched it compute, tried again with slightly different inputs, etc.
I've heard that some restricted sort of encrypted computing is possible
with an exponential time cost!
The main application I have in mind is a mix that would be trustworthy
even if it was run by your worst enemies with the best computers in the
This seems impossible but I don't have proof.
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-03-22 15:20:11
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted computing questions 
Timothy Newsham  asks a lot of questions
about my "crypto goal" of encrypted computing.  Rather than answer his
questions one at a time, I'll try to clarify what I meant.  Also, below
I ask about a related crypto goal of "trans-cryption."
The idea is that you have a program and maybe some initial state information.
The program accepts data in some encrypted form.  It does the equivalent of
decrypting it and processing it.  EXCEPT...
  o  It never turns any part of it into plaintext (unless the output is
     plaintext, in which case it only shows up after the computing is done).
  o  It's impossible by analyzing the code or watching it run to figure out
     what it did, or which bits went where.
  o  In particular, you can't figure out the decrypting key by analyzing
     the program or watching it run.
  o  If there's state information left over, it has to be in some      encrypted form.
Working backward from these goals, I figure that the program is somehow combined with its private key when it is turned into a crypto-program.
How do you convince users that this is what you've done, that your program
is actually a crypto program that never reveals its private key or plaintext of its inputs--that it doesn't just decrypt and then process the
plaintext--and that you've thrown away the private key used to make it?
When it runs, it has to process all its data in encrypted form!  What sort
of encryption could this be?  The data has to be shuffled all around
continuously, and it would seem you'd have to have lots of "if" statements
to make sure it behaved very differently with small input changes, so
that no one could tell what any input bit affected.
If the program were an interpreter for a general-purpose language, you could send it encrypted programs to run.
A related idea is trans-cryption.  Is it possible to do the equivalent
of two RSA encryption steps (e.g., decrypt with one key, then encrypt
with another), without storing information that would let you deduce either of the keys or the data between the two steps?
fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-04-19 12:14:30
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Mad Musings/Sneath 
ld231782 sez> Cypherpunks do it with Sneath.  (Sneath is a road near San Francisco.)
Hey, did anybody think to just mail the people on that Clipper chip announcements list and ask them how they got on it?
quote me

@_date: 1993-04-19 13:18:00
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: AT&T Announcement? 
Does someone know how to get an official-looking printed form of this
announcement?  I want something to xerox and send in when I switch long
distance service.
quote me

@_date: 1993-04-19 19:01:07
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: The Wing-Clipper 
It's the Wing-Clipper chip.
Great emblem: a bald eagle with its wings clipped.
quote me

@_date: 1993-04-23 18:29:05
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Family key is symmetric 
As I understand it, the Skipjack system is symmetric, i.e., decrypt key=
encrypt key.  Also, the unit serial number seems to only get encrypted
with the family key.
So, once the family key and the algorithm are known, it will be
possible to create messages with any unit serial number you want, right?
Wouldn't this be enough to foil the casual traffic-analysis feature
of the crippler?
the keyhole chip
the wing clipper
co-intel inside
as seen on whitehouse stationery
only open a crack
the taped lock
"Daffy, you quack me up." --Elmer

@_date: 1993-04-26 15:17:49
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Report on Adi Shamir talk 
Last Friday, the 23rd, Adi Shamir (the S of RSA) gave a talk at
MIT about some recent crypto results of his.  (He was introduced by
Ron Rivest, the R of RSA.)
Shamir is in the country to give a talk about the history of crypto, in Washington DC, I think.
It was actually two related talks, one on each of two papers of his:
and	"Efficient Signature Schemes Based on Birational Any misrepresentations and misunderstandings here are mine.
The first paper is about factoring polynomials that are products
of two polynomials, where all these polynomials are on numbers that are mod the product
of two primes.
There are a lot of cases where F is easy to factor, and sometimes
the easy cases seem to be only slightly different from the hard
cases, but Shamir has found a large, easy-to-specify class of
forms of (P, Q) where factoring their product is as hard as
factoring n (the notorious hard problem that's the basis for the
supposed strength of RSA).
The second paper is about looking for public key crypto methods that are as strong as RSA but don't require such large amounts of
computing on one end.  In regular RSA, for instance, the number
of multiplications for decrypting (for the legitimate key owner)
goes up with key size, and so does the difficulty of multiplication.
Shamir has found a scheme that takes about 20 multiplies on each
side, period.  However, it would be easily breakable as a crypto
scheme, so he shows a variation that doesn't give as much info
to an attacker, but works as a signature scheme.  It *looks*
secure to him and others he's shown it to, but it isn't proven
as hard as factoring big numbers.
The tie between the two papers is that the keys used in the scheme in the second paper are polynomials of the form discussed in the first paper.
--fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-04-28 11:29:14
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Liddy; There's a Chip in the Middle of the Phone 
cp (Serrzna Penvt Cerffba) [!Is that real rot13!?] replies:
Isn't Liddy the guy who wanted to be able to get at someone's private
information later, and so he... he... wait, I hear a melody... There's some Dems at the Watergate Hotel,
There's some Dems at the Watergate Hotel,
There's some Dems,
There's some Dems,
There's some Dems at the Watergate Hotel.
There's a suite for the the Dems at the Watergate Hotel,
There's a door on the suite of the Dems at the Watergate Hotel,
There's a lock on the door on the suite of the Dems at the Watergate Hotel,
There's a tape on the lock on the door of the suite There's a finger on the tape on the lock on the door of the suite
There's a chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a chip,
There's a chip,
There's a chip in the middle of the phone.
There's a lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a key in the lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a crack in the key in the lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a tap on the crack in the key                            in the lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
There's a speaker on the tap on the crack in the key                            in the lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
There's an ear at the speaker on the tap on the crack in the key                            in the lock on the chip in the middle of the phone,
keep your oxides dry
--fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)
quote me

@_date: 1993-04-30 12:44:40
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: PGP vs. RSADSI--what conflict? 
Neither abandoning PGP nor antagonizing RSADSI seem necessary to me.
This letter makes a 3/4 page summary of that belief after which I mention some interesting side issues.
Eric Hughes' understanding of the situation confirms my intuitions--
and	They seem agreeable to a technically good PGP/RSAREF connection.
but	That's work.
On the middle point, in particular I don't think they'll insist we use
DES or a slow engine.  For people who don't get why those restriction seem to be there but aren't, I suggest rereading Eric's article.
Although I have strong feelings about the patent issue, and although it
affects the privacy issue, I definitely put the privacy issue first.
Given that it seems we can separate the two issues, I don't see why we
shouldn't.  Although I agree with Tim that being non-confrontative with RSADSI is
smart, I don't see PGP and RSADSI as quite so hard to reconcile as he
seems to:
And PGP per se is not outlaw.  Only the current version and lack of license.
Let's conceptually separate PGP, Phil's RSA/MD5 engine (PGRE?), and using/
distributing PGRE in the USA.  Only the third is a problem with RSADSI.
Pshaw.  Until it's worked out.  No "sudden caving in" is needed.  Tim, you were the one who reported that Jim Bidzos was sounding agreeable.
                                     ^^^^ PGRE
Phil could finally solicit shareware fees.
Now the side issues:
There could conceivably be an issue in the future for people working with RSAREF--who have SEEN THE CODE--and then wanting to develop other crypto
stuff later.  People have attempted to avoid this legal hassle in the past
by setting up a "clean room" where only specs and interfaces are known...
RSAREF is copyrighted stuff, right?, which puts you in a slightly different legal position when you have it/distribute it.  Assuming PGP gets a license to be shareware, I see this being less of a problem than the current situation.
But even if PGP gets some kind of license, would individuals still have
to sign agreements with RSADSI?  I feel more serious about personal
agreements than copyrights or patents.  Will it be the standard RSAREF individual license?  Does it require you to *act as if* they had rights
some of us care about them not having?  (Rights to the specific code don't bother me too much.)
At the CFP conference that Tim missed ~{;o), Cliff Stoll was remarking that
eventually all sorts of nasty things happen related to the net--except
lawsuits.  We guessed that the availability of the quick, public response might have a lot to do with that.  Here we have a threat; can anyone think of an example of an email-related suit that was carried through?
-phnerd, er, fnerd
quote me
--fnerd (FutureNerd Steve Witham)

@_date: 1993-05-03 16:44:15
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Shamir papers in postscript 
I have the postscript versions of the papers of the two Adi Shamir
talks I summarized last week.  Shamir gives permission to distribute
them freely.  If anyone's interested, please mail to me, and depending on how many ask for them,
I'll either mail directly or post to the list.
Titles:  ``On The Generation of Multivariate Polynomials Which Are Hard
          To Factor''
           ``Cryptographic Applications of Birational Permutations''                                    FIRST ABSTRACT: In this talk we consider the difficulty of factoring multivariate
polynomials F(x,y,z,...) modulo n. We consider in particular the case
in which F is the product of two randomly chosen polynomials P and Q
with algebraically specified coefficients, and n is the product of two
randomly chosen primes p and q. The main result of this talk is that
(with one trivial exception), the problem of factoring F is at least
as hard as the factorization of n whenever P and Q are chosen from the
same sample space, regardless of what may be known about its form.
                           SECOND ABSTRACT:
Many public key cryptographic schemes (such as cubic RSA) are based
on low degree polynomials whose inverses are high degree polynomials.
These functions are very easy to compute, but time consuming to invert
even by their legitimate users. To make such schemes more efficient,
we consider in this talk the class of birational permutations f over
k-tuples of numbers, in which both f and f^-1 are low degree
multivariate rational functions. We develop new families of birational
permutations, and describe how to use them in new cryptographic
schemes which are faster than the known schemes.

@_date: 1993-05-07 13:59:15
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Swaine Flames Denning 
Nice editorial on the back page of the June Dr. Dobb's:
"Pay No Attention to the Man Behind the Curtain, Dorothy"
I won't quote the whole thing, but the first paragraph reads:
"The debate on digital-telephony legislation in the March 1993 issue
of *Communications of the ACM* was a fraud and a dissappointment."
It's by Michael Swaine.  More serious than "Swaine's Flames" sometimes are.
Cypherpunks reminds me of the very first issues of "Dr. Dobb's
Journal of TINY BASIC Calisthenics and Orthodontia: Running
Light without Overbyte."  Those days, when it seemed we all
had a chance to steer the future, were over fast.

@_date: 1993-05-09 16:22:05
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Shamir papers are available 
The Adi Shamir papers are available by anonymous ftp from
in pub/cypherpunks/papers/
        shamir.abstracts
        shamir.birational
        shamir.hard.poly
Thanks to Eric Hughes.

@_date: 1993-05-20 12:59:13
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Huffman and Crypto 
Sorry if these questions have been answered in posts I recently
deleted, but...
1) Instead of modifying Huffman coding, isn't it more sensible to
   just use arithmetic coding, which is more efficient anyway, and
   doesn't use fixed bit patterns?
2) I would assume there's a branch of cryptography devoted to studying
   the protections or lack thereof, afforded by compression schemes, both
   by themselves and in addition to other types of cryptography.  I would
   guess that Huffman and LZ-family codes have been studied a lot...right??
   But also more general studies of the weakness of (even secret)    compression algorithms as crypto methods?  I mean, compression methods
   would tend to use methods (like table lookup) that simpler cyphers
   have used for a long time, only without having been designed with
   crypto expertise...right??
3) Does anyone know of an easy-to-get-sources, easy-to-use arithmetic
   coding compression program?
quote me

@_date: 1993-05-26 13:47:03
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash issues... 
Yes, but we would like to steer towards a world where no one you do business with knows or can reconstruct who you are or where you live.  "Collection"--
the whole idea of "billing," in fact--is a way of doing business that's rooted in non-privacy.  But also it's based on wanting to make transactions easier
for people in a world without easy electronic transactions, accounting, budgeting, negotiation, reputations, etc.  So maybe with these sorts of things,
billing would be unnecessary.
Anyway, thinking up variations on offline payment systems is a passtime of mine.  Situations where people can't be online with the bank are special cases, so you can make up special-case solutions, like
  o  "Tokens" or gift certificates that you buy in advance, or
  o  Annonymous checks that expire and are refundable if the (specific,
     annonymous) payees don't cash them in a certain amount of time.
Credit as it exists often seems like a trade with the devil of privacy
invasion.  Jeez, what would the world be like without *credit cards* and
*junk mail*!?

@_date: 1993-06-01 12:38:04
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Verifying Privacy as an Upload/AI? 
(Posted to both extropians and cypherpunks.)
Is there any way for a process running in a computer to verify
that it has privacy?  How could an AI, for instance, ever know
that it had privacy?  How could a person preparing to be
uploaded provide for their continuing privacy?
Assume these things, for the sake of argument:
You might even assume that...
Can you prevent the bad guys from copying you and torturing
information out of the copy?  Can you be secure even if they
can do that?
Even with the best assumptions, I find this question tough.
But then I'm dense sometimes.

@_date: 1993-06-01 15:05:54
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Verifying Privacy as an Upload/AI? 
Just want to reinforce that my question is not how can an AI or upload
BE secure, but how can they KNOW that they are secure.  That is,
given that you SEEM to be inside a secure system, how can you know
that you are not inside a simulation that actually has a trap door?

@_date: 1993-06-02 10:05:56
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Clipper replacement chip 
RYAN Alan Porter  sez
Well, there's an easier end-run: a piggyback board.  This would plug into
the Clipper's slot, and the Clipper would plug into it.  Then it could either
run in Clipper or PGP/DH-IDEA/Whatever mode.  I don't understand enough
about the Clipper protocols and interface to know whether there's room to
squeeze in bits to signal which of these two modes, unbeknownst to the
rest of the phone, but you could certainly attach a Clip vs. Secure switch.

@_date: 1993-06-03 19:31:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Secure transport layer paper 
There's a paper in the Feb. '93 _IEEE Transactions on Software "Trust Requirements and Performance of a Fast Subtransport-Level
Protocol for Secure Communication" by P. Venkat Rangan
It's about a protocol called Authenticated Datagram Protocol,
and issues about using it in a "subtransport level."  He's
tried it on Suns.
The work was done at Berkeley in 1990, the guy's at UCSD now.

@_date: 1993-06-07 19:43:29
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: ALERT / My email address is... 
Hi, folks.
Just in case at any point in the near or far future,
cypherpunks has any extended mail problems,
and anyone wants to get in touch with me
as a person who was on the cypherpunks list,
feel free to send to
        fnerd
or	...uunet!smds.com!fnerd
I know there are hacks to find out who the subscribers are,
(or are they plugged?)
but I'd just like to publicly say that it's okay to
take down my address, whoever you are.  What's yours?
I think publishing the raw list might be construed as
impolite and disrespectful of privacy, but a compilation
of willing addressees might be nice.
It would be interesting to see how close we could reconstruct
the list by skimming private archives and communicating with
It would be interesting to have list software that worked
the way those exponential-spreading, redundant, church-closing-
because-of-snow phone call networks work (i.e., Usenet with
even more emphasis on decentralization and redundancy).  Also, a virtual archive server on the same model would be cool.
quote me

@_date: 1993-06-08 16:07:40
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: CERT and us 
hey folks
a poem by fnerd
It looks like CERT may have a habit
of sending accusatory-looking form letters
without doing much checking of their own
based on who knows what tips.
Looks like they need to polish their policies and their prose a little bit.
We, too, are a group formed to look into problems We, too, respond to security emergencies.
We, too, distribute patches to help people improve
We, too, send messages--even rumors--back and forth about Sure, our style and emphasis are different,
but our charter is very similar to theirs.
Let's not let our name or style distract us from our mission or blind us to potential allies.
Instead of thinking of them as the heavies and us as the rebels, WHY NOT
us as the net-wise older brothers,
and them as the enthusiastic amateurs
who need some advice and calming down?
Eric can write one of his authoritative letters,
and we become
the voice of reason,
the watchers of the watchers,
Liberty's eyes.
Gentlemen and ladies (I reproach you),
remember who we are.
quote me

@_date: 1993-06-09 11:22:49
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Encrypting the list 
On encrypting the list, mostly I vote NO.
The idea of "known non-spies" is, to say the least,
a shakey one.  Not the kind of concept you base security on.
Also not the kind of psychological attitude and atmosphere
that I want to be part of.  "Are you one of US?"
Stewart Brand says in the latest Whole Earth Review, that
as soon as you become one of the people
who knows the kinds of things
that THEY want to know,
then how do other people
know that YOU aren't one of THEM?
We're all prime suspects for being spies.
I'd feel the most secure if everybody kept the content (not
necessarily their true names) out in the open.
Of course there's the fact that we want to be as inviting and
easy-to-connect-to as possible to serious newcomers and potential friends.  I count true spies and near-spies among the potential friends.  I just don't want this to be, or seem like, a clique.
It would be nice, however, to set up crypto I/O connection
OPTIONS to the list, as an incentive for lazy people like me to
figure out how to get PGP and mail filters set up.
quote me

@_date: 1993-06-17 15:29:16
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Stegosaurs 
Hal Finney <74076.1041 sez
No, silly!  They were hiding behind treetrunks and disguising themselves
as tourguides!  Don't you know the first thing about stegosaurs?
quote me
time to recycle some elephant jokes

@_date: 1993-06-18 08:14:48
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: My recent flame at Stanton 
Stanton McCandlish  recently quoted a rant of mine
directed at him.  I really thought directed it to him literally--that I mailed it to his address, not the list's.  Stanton, I didn't mean to flame you in public.  I apologize.
This is the second time this has happened this week.  I'm starting to
think that when I created this "fnerd" mail account I accidentally created an alter ego--my evil twin who posts personal insults to
mailing lists...
I will try to be triply, not just doubly sure of what I'm doing and
put lots of warnings on any such personal grouch mail: "I DIDN'T
POST THIS; BETWEEN YOU AND ME; PLEASE DON'T QUOTE ME," etc.
in control now--SEIG HEIL!--down! down!...
--Steve Witham (aka fnerd)
quote me, this WAS posted

@_date: 1993-06-18 13:47:27
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re:  Blasting Bidzos Blather 
I'm a libertarian.  I happen to be a type of libertarian who doesn't believe
in patents.  So I think nobody has a "right" to use government (or any force)
to enforce their patents.
BUT, many people believe patents are okay, and many feel they do have a right to enforce their patents.  I think the RSADSI/PKP people are like
this.  It's a perfectly common belief.  So except for the whole patent issue,
(including the validity of their particular patents), I think they have a
right to sell or not sell licenses to anyone they choose.
BUT, to libertarians there's a big distinction between "You have a
right to..." and "It's right for you to..."  It's possible they're acting
within their rights (with the exception noted above) and yet doing something
wrong or evil.
BUT, in this case I'm not sure whether what they're doing is particularly
wrong, although I haven't seen a good case one way or the other.
quote me

@_date: 1993-06-18 13:58:25
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Blasting Bidzos Blather 
Let's see if I understand L. Detweiler's recent comments:
1) PKP licensed key exchange for use with Clipper and DSS.
   Clipper and DSS are bad.
   Therefore PKP is "supporting, nay, *promoting* and *profiting*    from" DSS and Clipper.
   a) "supporting, nay, *promoting*"--this is not good publicity       against Clipper and DSS.  Therefore PKP is our enemy.
   b) "*profiting from*"--this is dirty money, therefore PKP is
      dirty and we can't trust them.
2) They did it "at no additional charge."
   (Someone please explain relation to 1b, above.)
   Therefore they must be receiving some other compensation
   behind our backs.
   Therefore they're bad guys and we shouldn't trust them.
3) Bidzos says they don't dictate terms, yet their licenses
   DO have terms.  Therefore he is lying, should not be trusted,
   etc.
4) They should have refused to license bad uses of "their"
   technology, but they didn't.  Therefore they're bad, etc.
Have I got that right?
quote me

@_date: 1993-07-01 13:29:19
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Boston cpunx mtg Jul 10? 
A good time for the Next Boston area Cypherpunks meeting would be
the second saturday of July--july 10, at 6 PM EDT.
At least that would be good for me, and easy to remember since it's
the canonical time...
quote me

@_date: 1993-07-13 17:52:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: PGP 2.3 now avail for Intergraph Clipper CPU 
paul (Paul Robichaux) says:
Bravo!  Cypherpunk makes moral statement and scores rhetorical point with code!
Except, I wish the targets of the joke could decode it.
quote me

@_date: 1993-07-23 16:20:47
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Macpgp 2.2 
Thanks, but
I do mean the thanks.  Just wondering.
quote me

@_date: 1993-07-27 15:57:50
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: logo 
For a logo...how about a fist holding a key?
just a thot
quote me

@_date: 1993-07-28 09:01:45
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: RE: A few more slogan ideas 
Products of two big prime numbers.  Show the multiplication of two
300-digit numbers!
factor me

@_date: 1993-08-07 18:29:07
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: voluntary compliance 
An interesting statement from the Skipjack proponents is that
its use will be voluntary, and there's nothing that the citizen
using it will be required to divulge (he doesn't even know the
key and they do), and therefore no one's rights are being violated.  Assume for the moment that that will remain true.
They just want to encourage voluntary compliance.
This is an interesting point.  How much encouragement counts as
coercion?  Is it okay if they tax a dollar from a million people
and offer the million to you for your information?  Is it okay if they make it illegal to sell non-compromised phones (i.e., you
don't have to use Skipjack, you can go unencrypted or roll your
These people are purposely, avowedly, trying to "encourage" us
to do something they have no legal right to require.  Why is that
okay?  Other than asking us as "good citizens" to do something,
how is slanting the incentives okay?  Do we have the right not
to be nudged?
quote me

@_date: 1993-08-11 15:47:27
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice software issues 
karn (Phil Karn) sez-
Maybe this is a good service for a key server to perform.
Are there cases where you would want to endorse a key *privately*?
I.e., tell certain people only that you've met someone?
What if you prepare RSA key pairs in advance in your computer's (phone's) spare time, then use one per conversation (at least for the initializing)?  You would encode your public key with the session private key, and a conventional key with your private key, in advance.
That would save time at the start of the conversation (although, to decode his keys would take two regular RSA steps.)
Am I wrong, or is Diffie-Helman only useful when you *don't* have
a way of verifying who each other are?
quote me

@_date: 1993-08-12 08:48:12
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Or 
gtoal sez-
What it is is PRNGs that can synchronize without publishing their
states.  If this could be done with strong PRNGs, you'd have something.
quote me

@_date: 1993-08-12 18:48:17
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Democracy 
A procedural point about this democracy debate,
and then a substantive (hah! didn't think I knew that
word, did you?) one.
It's in line with the idea of this list to keep up with possibilities
and developments like electronic direct democracy ideas, and to
serve as a way for people who are into things like that to get in
touch with each other.  But at some point the purely political
aspect of the disagreement isn't especially a cypherpunk issue.
I hope everybody cools off or takes it elsewhere (I don't know where) before that point.  Robin Hanson's Alternative Institutions
list seems like a good place for that.
That said, I want to throw in my bic lighter...
Democracy is bad; smarter democracy would be worse.
The system we have is ravenous and stupid, but we're adapted to
it.  There's nothing "good" about representative democracy
except that it's relatively slow-changing and we know some ways
of dealing with it.  If we made democracy able to respond to events more quickly, it might be smarter and better at what it does best--
prey on us.  It might break past our defenses.  I feel the same way about calls for efficient government.  No-o-o-o-o thanks!
This has nothing to do with respect for the common man.  I think people are basically decent and reasonably smart.  But no one has a right to take part in the crime called government, including the parts people are playing right now, much less more active parts.
I think democracy evolved from standoffs in multi-way wars.  Wars
used to be won by body count, and at some point someone said,
"Okay, we'll compromise and make peace for now, but I'm still
keeping track of who's on my side, just so you don't get out of
line."  Voting is a way of predicting who would win a war.
Which is nicer than real war, and all respect and rights are
ultimately based on what other people can do, but there's nothing
inherently right about democracy, and it keeps people
in a sort of tense standoff, unable to trust each other.
Nothing in democracy itself lets the sides make agreements and structurally keeps them from changing their minds the next day.
Cumbersome, procedure-bound setups like we have actually allow
those sorts of things somewhat, but not in an up-front and
reliable way.  Democracy doesn't hold individual voters responsible for the effects and costs of their votes.  Even in our "unresponsive" democracy there's little reason for the statistical
will of the people not to be flighty and untrustworthy.
Technology can help somewhat in replacing the systems we have
with better systems.  Better would be anarchic.  To me, anarchy means shifting from overarching systems for regulating and taking care of people, to ways for people to take care of their own interests.  Democracy sounds like the latter, but instead of
taking care of your own life, you have a sort of metaphorical surrogate--a minute influence on what happens to everybody.
As usual, I would have stopped, but I thought some things I hadn't
I'll post the body of this to AltInst and then shut up about it
on this list.
quote me

@_date: 1993-09-21 15:32:45
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Subjects in anon msgs 
Isn't it okay to have the subject appear in the last hop,
according to a :: field in the second-to-last message?
::Remail-with-Subject: All Right Bugsy Lets Get Down To Brass Tacks
With remailers that unencrypt at each hop, this doesn't seem a
problem to me.
With remailers that accept unencrypted input, this is no more of a
steganoweakness than the body of the message already is.

@_date: 1993-09-29 16:46:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: ATM info? 
Pardon the off-topic post, but I thought people here would know.
Does anyone know of a good, technical but readable summary of ATM? (Asomething Transfer Mode)  How are things addressed?
How do you request a channel?  What is the format of the
headers?  How do switches work?  Etc.

@_date: 1993-10-26 13:16:25
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I want to publicly support the proposal to delay unsigned messages.
Of course, it's easy to fake a signature, so the sigs would have to
be verified against some list of public keys--perhaps automatically
This is despite the fact that signing securely would be very tough
for people like me.

@_date: 1993-10-26 16:20:26
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: h 
Sorry for the premature post on signatures in Mush.
I looked at the sources to figure out how to use it.
If you want to append a multiline signature to your
messages without adding the gratuitous "\n--\n", do something like this in your .mushrc:
set autosign='\-fnerd\n\
quote me'
I'll pass on any other relevant tidbits I receive
by email.
And thanks to Eric Hughes for getting me off my butt for a bit.
quote me

@_date: 1993-10-27 22:39:39
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: I'm leaving cypherpunks 
Mr. Wells--
Goodbye, best wishes.  I'm guessing, but I think you're making a mistake in leaving, both for yourself and about us.
We are not being irresponsible.  We have a
different, serious, view of how the world should be made into a good place.  We can only "set the tone," as you say, if what we are saying is founded in truth and competence.  The personal part of this letter continues after the philosophy.

@_date: 1993-11-10 13:48:59
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Deconstructing DH/NII (was: Should we oppose...?) 
Mike Godwin asks what Tim May is against when he says he's against the
NII ("National Information Infrastructure"), or DH ("Data Superhigh-
way.")  Mike also points out that EFF is not into government funding or
regulation, but (I paraphrase) as long as the govt is going to be involved, why not try to convince them to be involved in the right
way?  One way he mentions is providing incentives to steer the industry in good directions since we're going to [future tense] have *some* kind of data superhighway anyway.  Mike is certainly right that there are directions it would be nice to steer the government in in these issues, and I'm sure grateful for his (and EFF's) efforts on that front.
I think this "that's not what we meant...but why not..." situation that Mike finds himself in is due to the nature of "initiatives" like NII.  We are afloat in connotations, suggestions and perverse pep.
The phrases "National Information Infrastructure" and "Data Super-
highway" do not conjure an anarchist vision.  They do not suggest companies and people working independently in parallel, free from centralized interference.  They do not convey the idea that the net
is what you make of it, what your exploring and connecting bring together for you, out of a hodgepodge of methods, links, databases
and groups of friends.  The fact that NII and DH are new terms, and that they are talked about as future goals, does not convey the fact that the data superhighway is here today. I'm understating, of course.  These terms connote all the opposite
things.  Centralization, government funding, premature standar-
dization, regulation--and finally a decent data network as a result.
I'm not being unfair.  These connotations are there because that's exactly what many of the people using these terms mean.  They want all the wrong things, and all the wrong ideas attach themselves to
national project proposals like this.
There's an additional misleading connotation, that there is some
watershed mark that we're all talking about, some point--in the
future--when we'll finally have "enough" or the "right" communi-
cations underpinning*.  This is partly just boosterism--Clinton and Gore wanting to be JFK going to the moon--but also there's the
hint that once the big guys implement the right way to do things,
we consumers shouldn't complain.  I mean there's an implication
in terms like "infrastructure" of experts knowing what is needed.
And of course this discounts the efforts of the people who have
brought us to where we are.  There's a hint that what we've got is
fine for hackers, but it's not, well, *organized* enough to be
suitable for the real world.  (Partly true but still an insult
and a backhanded dismissal of the purposefulness of our anarchy.)
(*There is no watershed.  You can get a T1 line now.  Prices will go down, bandwith up, ubiquity and commonness up, standardization and ease of use up, complication down, I hope--continuously for the forseeable future as they have been doing so far.)
Still it's all only connotations and impressions, and anyone
in particular may not mean this or that.  But given that there
are lots of people who really *do* intend the bad ideas, I wish people who come from a whole different point of view would
make that really really clear.  Starting by not using the same
slogans.  So, we need some alternatives.
Slogans for how the real network is:
Hmm, the anarchic data backroad (adb--nope, taken)...
Or, "The Network's Fine" (as in, "Come on in...")--TNF.
You Are Here---YAH...
Or we can invent slogans for what the DH/NII really mean:
Or, "Drag The Government Kicking and Screaming Into The Eighties"
(or do I mean the seventies, a la ethernet and UUCP?)--DG8.
The Federal Technical Catchup (FTC--oops, another one taken)...
No, I know--the Federal Communications Catchup...
Big Brother with a Human Face...
Work with me on this, folks.
quote me

@_date: 1993-11-10 17:59:35
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin sez
As I understand it, for both telephones and cable TV, it is still common
for local governments to "grant" "franchises" to single companies for
phone and cable wires.  If there were one thing to change, that would be
In other words, the "market failure" you're talking about is in a situation where the law forbids a market.  And the change required is that the government not be involved.  It would be nice if that were
how EFF stated its NII policy: Yankee Go Home.
Also, isn't the FCC is somehow involved in defining cable and telephone services, and what combinations of services companies are allowed to offer?  Or am I thinking of "information
providers" vs....something?  Here again, the limitation is merely in
what's legal.
quote me

@_date: 1993-11-29 19:47:17
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Knights who say NII (was Crypto(A), govt & NII) 
Tim May writes (1):
Mike Godwin replies (2):
A rotated view on each of these.
1) NII is not "about" anything in particular.  You can look at what each person talking about it means in each instance, or you can look at
what effect the ideas will have when they become incarnated in government organizations and rules, and take on lives of their own.
Or you can look at the process that keeps the topic alive as a
popular issue.  I'm not sure what kind of "about" Tim was talking.
2) It doesn't matter so much what interpretations can be read into
EFF's, or anyone's papers.  What matters is the effect they'll have.
Giving the government savvy advice, telling them they should do whatever
will promote, say, competition or open forums...what effects will these
have?  They may provide justifications, expertise and targeting info for interventions, for instance.  New ways to get involved...
There's a dynamic to things like this involving momentum and
snowballs and chaos theory; government; media; punks; the public; policy orgs, tanks and wonks; and regulated industries.
I can't think of one positive thing (as opposed to the negative thing,
disengagement) government can contribute to the goals of EFF.  I wonder if the EFF folks are sure there are some.  Mitch Kapor talks of "decentralists" who want to use government to promote decentralization--
thwart centralization effects that happen in capitalism, I suppose.  (You may have missed Mitch's post as it was forwarded by Ell Dee.)
The government can stop all the things it does that produce centralization (it produces centralized capitalists, for instance), but the most centralized organization in the world as the decentralist's tool or ally doesn't seem workable to me.  The
means clashes against the ends.
Telling a bull that he should make whatever positive contributions he can to the china shop...is worse than just not mentioning that there are none.  To the bull it suggests, well, a fact-finding tour at least...  "But we didn't say that."
Of course not.  The good guys just tag along and advise against what's
*specifically* happening, while gesturing in a forward direction.  I'm sure anyone in CPSR or EFF who's even heard the word libertarian has weighed similar arguments.
I've seen Mitch and Mike (for instance) talk.  Both energetic yet eminently rational and calm.  The perfect people to talk someone down from a contemplated harmful act.  I hope that's what they end up spending their time doing, in this NII business, (although it's not a positive- or creative-sounding or pleasant thing to wish
on someone).
And sure, of course I hope sane heads prevail everywhere, that
everything everyone says is taken in the right spirit by everyone
involved and no terrible travesty of "Open Platform" comes to pass,
unlike the rest of the history of such things.  Times are
changing...  I just don't like the whole country waiting for the
government to "do better this time, we promise," when it's not
helpful for the government to do anything except put down the
blunderbus and come out.
quote me

@_date: 1993-11-29 20:32:07
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Crypto-dongle protocols? 
I know there was talk of making little crypto
boxes that attach to the back of bigger computers.
"Crypto-dongles," they were called.  Did anyone go and
build one?  Did anyone think up a protocol for talking
to one?
It occurs to me that pocket computers like the Psion
might make nice crypto-dongles, especially for people
who use Unix for mail.  The little computer could show
you the text you were signing or that it had decrypted.
All safe from Unix hacks--but is there a good protocol?
Integration with PGP functions would be nice and might
even ease the implementation.  So, once again,
Has anyone got a crypto-dongle protocol?
quote me

@_date: 1993-11-30 15:02:48
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Knights who say NII (was Crypto(A), govt & NII) 
Mike Godwin replies:
Sure, I agree.  It's just, will the process-that-be have a tendency to be
encouraged to intervention in general, by positive-sounding things in
what you say.
On being true police, see below.
Private business can be nasty, slow and unhelpful, but short of physical sabotage and threats, they can't do nearly the kind of
harm and prevention of alternatives that government does.
Yes, you're right.  I wasn't thinking about that because I assumed there's a minimum of physical crime in the communications industry.  But now that I think about it, there's one thing State governments could limit: local governments' interference (franchises) in communications.
But other than real basic policing like that, the means clash with the
ends.  Government is okay at nabbing true bad guys, not at trying to steer people in good directions.
Well, sure, I'm talking from my view of how things are.  Mostly I'm
just saying that the *need* for positive government involvement is
dubious while the *danger* is obvious in the current state of things,
and if you aren't always saying that, then your well-informed comments and laudible goal statements can be misconstrued more easily, because
in certain circles, radical deregulation is not assumed.
That's my not-so-humble-but-trying (IMNSHBTO?) point in a nutshell.  Your participation without this particular sternness, may, as one side-effect, encourage and assist where we all won't be happy it did--and maybe it'll
fail to push through the single most helpful idea.
I know, it's not your particular hobbyhorse.  It's just what I'm afraid
will happen.
Although the FCC is smaller than AT&T, there's nothing
in private industry with the momentum, power and difficulty of
correcting that our layers of government have.  Business without
the power of government behind it (which status-quo businesses
do have right now) faces much more immediate corrective pressure
than government.  Even combinations of big nasty companies are less of a problem.  Throw me in that briar patch, puh-*leeze*, it's better
than this one.
quote me

@_date: 1993-12-06 11:30:04
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: VOTE: Proposition desist: no 
Shut Detweiler out of the cpunx list?
I have no problem skipping his posts; presently I'm not
worried about the bandwidth through the modem into /dev/null.
He posts interesting things once in a while (most recently, that
piece by Kapor about libertarians vs. "decentralists.")
I wouldn't mind the creation of a special "Detweiler free" filtered version of the list, as long as it was just a postprocessor on the true list.
quote me

@_date: 1993-12-17 20:31:28
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: QUOTE from Gerald M. Weinberg 
"Having said all that, I do not shrink from personal responsibility for
what I have done in writing this book.  We stand at the brink of a new age,
an age made possible by the revolution that is embodied in the computer.
Standing on the brink, we could totter either way--to a golden age of
liberty or a dark age of tyranny, either of which would surpass anything
the world has ever known.  Perhaps no individual's efforts will make any
difference in the result, but we must never cease trying, for then the
result is sure to be tyranny.  This book is my effort against the tyranny,
the enslavement of men by other men and by their own ignorance.  Would
that it not be adopted by the forces of tyranny themselves, as no doubt
it will be.  Lacking that hope, I can only hope that its use to the other
forces will, in the balance, be greater."
--Gerald M. Weinberg, _The Psychology of Computer Programming_, 1971

@_date: 1993-12-28 06:02:31
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: The Cyber Lexicon of 2030 AD 
*Fuse*: (n) 1) Software or hardware to isolate a net, system or  subsystem in the event of detection of a security or resource
 use problem.  2) reputation.
 *Crowbar*: (n) Type of _cannibal_ that, on detecting a
 security or resource use problem, blows _fuses_ in outside  systems by flooding communications channels with noise,
 triggering security checks in other systems, and/or exhausting
 bank accounts, credit lines and stores of _e-cash_.  The effect
 of a crowbar is harder to reset by a presumed intruder than
 that of an internal fuse.  A countermeasure to _mug shots_.
 *Mug Shots*: (n) Backups of the state of a system to allow
 repeated attempts at cracking it.  A countermeasure to  _cannibals_.
 *Runaway*: (n) Endless echoing of messages caused by bugs
 in routing software.  Usually refers to a bug that exacerbates
 its own trigger conditions, such as traffic level or lack of
 storage space.

@_date: 1994-01-03 16:49:00
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Here come the data fascists 
Brad Dolan  fwds (thanks, Brad)-
I love this resurgence of the idea of "just a little" regulation.
How to be a plausible policy wonk straight out of the box.
As if it were a new idea.  As if that weren't how it always starts.
Oh boy, a new field for everyone to propose their two cents worth of
regulation on.
!  "We must make positive noises about small business while protecting the status quo."
I heard snippets of what must have been Gore, on NPR, talking to the
National Press Club.  Snippets because I would switch back to TV when
the commercials were over or...  Well, for instance (I paraphrase):
"I want to start with a story...
 Why did the Titanic fail to hear all the warnings about ice fields
 at their latitude?  Why did other ships fail to hear their distress
 calls?  Because the radio telegraph business was run *as* a business in
 those days.  No one was required to be listening"
I know I should have let Star Trek tape and kept listening to this Guy; I just wimped.  Maybe he somehow completed his thought reasonably.
I hope things work out.  Gore and policy wonks and industry reps have all said good things, but also all those great short turning radius waffle words.
Brad comments:
Like watchin' 'em spray the primer.
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication
                 is indistinguishable from noise

@_date: 1994-01-03 17:48:58
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: io.com 
Paul Ferguson  fwds from
Bruce Sterling  who says-
Oh, I...was confusing IO with EO.  Can someone say more about what io.com does and how Steve Jackson got to this point?
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication
                 is indistinguishable from noise

@_date: 1994-01-05 17:34:26
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Non-techie Crypto book? 
Is there a good not-very-technical, but up-to-date book on
An acquaintance asks.
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-01-06 19:30:15
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Non-techie Crypto book? 
Maybe there's a book on "Privacy" out there that gives reasonably up-to-date
coverage of crypto.  I would love a book that covered all the sociopolitical
cypherpunk issues like    reputations and anonymity;    agorics and pay-per-use;    copyright, left and not;    Chaum's distinction between Identification and Authentication;    traceable vs. non-traceable emoney;    smart cards and wallets;    history of privacy invasion;    history of public-key crypto and non-government cryptology;    accelleration of technology that can be used for spying;
   the sorry present state of cellular phone privacy, Qualcomm's initiative;
   "digital license plates" as likely implied in various government proposals;
   etc.
Has anyone read the Michael Marotta book?
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-01-17 17:33:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Too Many Rats 
Here's a nice double-meaning phrase for certain times:
        "Too Many Rats"
1) Without crypto, you have too much contact with your neighbors,
   like the rats in those overcrowding experiments.
2) There are too many people who will take personal information
   about you and pass it on to curious strangers.
Example of use:
Alice: "I was having a conversation with a friend of mine and realized that my encryption script was broken and it was going out in plaintext!"
Bob: (shivers) "Brr, too many rats!"
quote me
ben, you're always crawling here and there...
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-01-21 10:16:55
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: RSA 'weak link' in PGP? 
I just got (what I think is) the alt.security.pgp faq.
I quote:
    ...the IDEA encryption algorithm used in PGP is actually
    MUCH stronger than RSA given the same key length.  Even with a 1024 bit
    RSA key, it is believed that IDEA encryption is still stronger, and,
    since a chain is no stronger than it's weakest link, it is believed that
    RSA is actually the weakest part of the RSA - IDEA approach.
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-01-21 18:06:57
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: RSA weak link II 
Thanks to the folks who answered my first question about the relative
strengths of RSA and IDEA.
Okay, 1024-bit RSA keys are easier to brute-force than 128-bit IDEA keys.
Currently.  We think.
That's what I should have stressed in the first place.
Aren't people more sure of what they think about the toughness of RSA,
than they are of what they think about IDEA?
(Less important question: how many RSA keys are there, as a function of
size?  I'm getting ln(2^(number of bits))^2, which can't be right.)
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-02-02 20:15:34
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: RE: fwd: Canadian gov't eavesdropping 
Mike Markley says-
I remember a story from a conference in the sixties where someone wanted to prove the point that it's much easier to make a recognizer for all voices if you're only looking for a certain word.  So he built a "watermelon" box.  He sits this up on the podium with him and gives his talk, which naturally at some point gets to...
"...a single word, for instance 'watermelon.'" *beep!*
Then later there's a Q&A period, of course...
A: Please step up to the microphone...
Q: You mean all this thing does is recognize the word "watermelon,"
   *beep!* and that it can recognize the word "watermelon" *beep!*
   no matter who says it?
A: That's right, it's an any-speaker, "watermelon" *beep!* recognizer.
Q2: Why the word... "watermelon" *beep!* exactly?
-fnerd *BZZZT! AAAAARRRRROOOOGAH!*
quote me
- -
cryptocosmology- sufficiently advanced communication is indistinguishable
                 from noise - god is in the least significant bits

@_date: 1994-02-04 15:45:17
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: STEG: a real-life use for steganography 
Eric talks about a hypothetical system S which he discussed with
real acquaintance X of country C (with repressive government G), for stegging information I in through exogenously-produced CDs of indigenous music M.
One problem is that S is proposed for use by lots of people in C.
That means the whole system won't be a secret for long.  Soon
G will know not only which records and which equipment to ban, but
also the passphrases for the records--so why encrypt or even
camoflage it?
Maybe making copies of existing popular records would help.
Classics that lots of people already have.  Are there already records produced for C but manufactured outside of C?  Do they import music popular outside C?
Maybe the newsgroup you mention is just the thing for the second-to-
last step in the chain.  It can combine efforts of people who don't have to know each other.
There's also the problem of recovering from errors on the CD.
Can most CR ROM drives read the raw music format?  Many?
If not, can the bit stream to the ADC in a CD player be intercepted?
Maybe the best hardware from a physical camoflage standpoint would be those little CDROM drives that double as "walkmen".
Isn't it good enough to always start with sentences invented by people and encode into bits?
I think when they're not giving you exactly what you put in, they're
doing desparate things like repeating the last few milliseconds.  So
about all you can do is put CRCs and IDs on blocks (maybe small blocks?) and be able to deal with lost and misplaced blocks.
It might be useful to have signatures on block boundaries so you could
recognize them out of continuous streams.  Maybe you would just take
two blocks worth of data and slide your buffer along one byte at a
time till you got a good CRC...but by then you would have received
a lot more data.  Better have a long buffer.
Here, too, you need to deal with lost blocks.  Having one copy of the
root of the index might not be great.  Also, assuming you're using
modified CD players instead of CDROM drives, you might want to take
advantage of the music track structure.
quote me
- -
skip sweet sweetbacks badass skipjack song, jack.  3x, fast.

@_date: 1994-02-11 18:20:40
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: decrencr or crypdec? 
Bob Cain says-
How about crypdec (pron. "cryptic")?
quote me
- -
I am the sea of permutations
I live beyond interpretation
I scramble all the names and the combinations --Eno

@_date: 1994-02-23 16:27:30
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Digitally Signing Physical Objects 
This seems to have a tricky dependence on the tolerance.  The forger can
get a valid plaintext and signed feature vector.  So, if the tolerance for error is too low, you get false positives, but if it's too high, a forger could create something starting from the feature vector.  An
interesting CAD/CAM problem.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We shall have to evolve
Problem solvers galore
As each problem they solve
Creates ten problems more. --Piet Hein

@_date: 1994-02-24 16:13:48
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Digitally Signing Physical Objects 
i wrote-
Allen J. Baum replied-
I don't see how you factor out the variables of the resolution, what
physical property is scanned, etc.  For some combinations, it would be easy to forge 100% matches.  For others, it would be hard to get a 30% match on
the original object...  Maybe the whole scheme could be improved by a
trap-door function that has built-in error-tolerance.  (By the way, if anybody knows about fuzzy hash functions, please write me; I'm curious for
other reasons.)
Isn't Great Art overpriced by thousands of times, in terms of reproduction
cost?  Anyway, a 2/3 rejection rate would be tough.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We shall have to evolve
Problem solvers galore
As each problem they solve
Creates ten problems more. --Piet Hein

@_date: 1994-03-01 12:43:48
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Security is TWO Rubber Stamps 
Ludwig R. Vogel's letter to New York Newsday makes the point,
"...Government intercept procedures involving Clipper technology offer users no more protection from wrongful government surveillance than plain text."
FBI guys say they only want to keep the abilities they already have.
Vogel turns it around: they want to make sure we have no more
protection against them than we already have...except for key       America's Bulwark Against Corruption!
 Every citizen has the right to the protection of               Two Rubber Stamps!*
   So wear your rubber stamps today, America!
+---------------------++      N.I.S.T.       |
                      +----------------------+
*Offer void under certain circumstances that cannot be discussed.
did i get the two agencies right?
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We shall have to evolve
Problem solvers galore
As each problem they solve
Creates ten problems more. --Piet Hein

@_date: 1994-03-01 16:43:10
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Fax / Modem question 
(Please respond to this question by private email.)
Is it possible to set up most fax/data modems to
be ready to receive calls from either fax machines or
data modems?  If so, in this mode, does it make the
beep that sets a calling fax machine going, or does
the caller have to push a button to initiate the
connection from his or her side?  Ditto for data.
Doesn't the answer side usually put out the first
please reply to: fnerd
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
blue mass, Pharm. a preparation of metallic mercury
with other ingredients, used for making blue pills.

@_date: 1994-03-14 23:57:31
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Good article on NII 
The April '94 "Special All-Fabio" issue of Software Development magazine
has a good article on the NII: "Highway to Hell?" by Alex Lane.  (He means
as in "paved with good intentions.")  Analysis of where it's likely to lead
given wording of various agenda documents and bills, statements of proponents,
and the history of various analogous developments (Interstates, space shuttles,
telephones, the census, the War on Poverty, ARPANET-->NREN-->NII...)
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
blue pill, Pharm. a pill of blue mass, used as an alterative...
alterative, adj.  tending to alter...

@_date: 1994-03-22 16:44:53
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Parker on Clipper PAGE 20? 
In my copy it's on page 20, in the article, "Users blast government
encryption plan," by Gary H. Anthes.
Maybe I've got an east coast edition or something, it doesn't say so
as far as I can tell.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
blue pill, Pharm. a pill of blue mass, used as an alterative...
alterative, adj.  tending to alter...

@_date: 1994-03-23 13:57:57
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Government by Sysadmin 
Maybe people like Dot and Don think of government as a systems-administration
sort of job.  So here they are, security experts advising the sys admins on
things like...
setting permissions
allocating quotas
registering users and giving them passwords
  (we used to put the encrypted passwords in /etc/passwd, but now we put them
   in /etc/shadow, with no read permission, so they're safe)
deciding what utilities are and aren't available
deciding what software the users need, and installing it
  (grudgingly, based on who's yelling the loudest)
setting up connections to other machines
deciding who's allowed to log in from "foreign hosts"
getting mail set up and running
buying new hardware from vendors
specifying the hardware to the vendors
These are the things computer security experts advise on.  Maybe hammer experts see things as nails.
Only a country is not a host system owned and administered by the government,
and citizens are not guests or users.
Maybe we Unix mavens are partly at fault for propogating systems that are
such good models for dictatorships.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
blue pill, Pharm. a pill of blue mass, used as an alterative...
alterative, adj.  tending to alter...

@_date: 1994-03-29 16:29:26
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Crypto and new computing strategies 
On Seth Lloyd's grain-of-salt computer, actually.  I didn't know he was
going to build one.  Anyway, his technique *may* be useful to make quantum
computers, but it's more likely to be useful for making regular deterministic massive single-instruction-multiple-data computers out of fairly simple crystals--"maybe even a grain of salt."
His technique would make every repeating unit of the 3D crystal into a
computing unit.  You lose a couple factors of 10 for addressing,
making higher-level modules, and error-correction.  Still, that's a lot
of compute power.
Tim May says-
Right.  This is just a large power increase using deterministic stuff.
It's based on electrons in the shells of atoms in crystals responding
to different frequencies of photons depending on their own and neighboring atoms' shells' states.
Which is what a naive guess would have said about 129-digit numbers.
I would love to see some sort of curve of factoring algorithm
efficiencies over time.  You could show the log of the difficulty for
a selection of number sizes over the past hundred years, say.  The experts say it's flattening out and will probably stay that way.
A sudden jump in the high end of computer power would mean that we
would need to use larger keys sooner than we thought.  A key length
requiring a little bit more work on the user's part means a lot more work on the cracker's part, but I don't know how many more
bits of key compensate for a 10^9 increase in cracking power, say.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
blue pill, Pharm. a pill of blue mass, used as an alterative...
alterative, adj.  tending to alter...

@_date: 1994-04-04 12:56:05
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Economic assumptions 
Eric says-
There's a piece by Kevin Kelly called "Network Economics" in the latest
Whole Earth Review, about how better communications tech and changed business practices lower transaction costs and (along with
competition and the pace of things these days) are pushing down the
optimum size of businesses.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
`We want information.'
`You won't get it!'
`By hook or by crook, we will.'

@_date: 1994-04-11 18:42:51
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Wandering Seniors 
I saw something scary on our "public access" cable channel,
just a one-screen announcement, and please forgive my memory:
        WANDERING SENIORS PROGRAM
        Help find Alzheimers patients who have gotten lost.
        New program gives people identification for life.
        [I didn't catch the program's phone number.]
Seems like it just keeps oozing down those slippery slopes,
don't it?
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
`We want information.'
`You won't get it!'
`By hook or by crook, we will.'

@_date: 1994-04-18 12:30:34
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: FBI Cost-Benefit 
Dave Banisar forwards something aparently from CPSR-
Wonder what the value is of the right of everyone to conduct their
business as they see fit, and the value of safety from government
peeping, and what figures I should cite to justify them.  Not to undercut the point, just needed some air.  There should be a
catalog, maybe a science, of slippery slopes.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
hah.  i can do that with my eyes tied behind my hands.

@_date: 1994-04-20 12:44:24
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: What the heck is this? Optical noise encryption? 
While dousing yet another "chaos encryption" rumor, Perry says-
I think that's a very clear handle on chaos for people who know about
PRNGs, or vice-versa.  Chaos = PRNG.  I wonder if there's any good
cross-fertilization of the two fields beyond the obvious.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Gradually, I become aware of a presence.
Between me and sustenance stands a woman in a suit. --Michael Swaine

@_date: 1994-04-25 16:12:17
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: "Information-Hiding" in Crypto Programs 
Tim about raising the programming language level for crypto
applications.  He Orients toward Objects...
There are a couple different issues you could hide in a language for
Obviously you can abstract bignums, numbers with a modulus, matrices, ...mathematical objects, and that would get a lot of cobwebs out of
the way in many crypto algorithms.  Even a Bignum Basic that could do
fast modmult would be nice.
Or you could make objects out of the data structures, like keys,
message blocks, key rings, etc., and their operations.  That would
be nice because you could separate the layer of calculation from
the layer of protocol.  But the protocol programming would still be in an imperative style.
Which has its good points.  I do a lot of work in a scripting
language that has procedures and lists and strings and that's
about it.  But the rules are understandable and it ends up the
language is *readable* in the sense that you can look at a procedure and get a good idea of what it's doing without stretching your concepts too much.  Which I think would be a good
feature for a crypto language, especially one for experimentation,
teaching and tossing ideas around.  I think the language I work in
gets readability by its plodding, structured-programming, imperative style (it also uses plodding long names for things).
But of course protocols and transactions are big things in crypto, and they take place in time, which leads to thoughts about special
control structures to handle them.
Structures in time are actually one of the nifty things to implement
with objects.  You can have an object that stands for a whole conversation in a protocol--sort of like a file handle.  So you have
operations like (in no particular language):
        conversation.send( message );
        conversation.end();
You can also use objects to implement protocol layers, like:
        conversation1.send( message );
        ...
(Some amazing things can be done with operations on objects that represent sequences in time.  In the book _The Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs_, one chapter develops a Prolog interpreter as a bunch of layered stream filters.  Oops, I digress.)
Another area you might want to separate out of the heart of crypto programs is I/O, both with the user and with the rest of
the system--the mail system, for instance.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Gradually, I become aware of a presence.
Between me and sustenance stands a woman in a suit. --Michael Swaine

@_date: 1994-04-27 17:42:54
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler 
Sounds like a good bumper sticker, T-shirt or grafito--
along the lines of "Who is John Galt?"
don't quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Gradually, I become aware of a presence.
Between me and sustenance stands a woman in a suit. --Michael Swaine

@_date: 1994-04-28 14:48:59
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Revenge of the Nerds who Missed Woodstock 
Anonymous quotes Stevens Miller paraphrasing Stuart Baker of the NSA:
Focusing on his spin rather than his content is a good idea, let's
spin a little more.
Yes, between authoritarians and libertarians who are aware of the issue.
Some things won in the 60s have suffered wear, tear, disrespect, distortion and retreat.  Other changes that happened then
were wrong.  If Mr. Baker is saying that we're a later generation
carrying on the work, I'm honored.
I was a natural in trig and didn't do my homework, but I did extra reading
in political topics in high school.  George Orwell's essays come to mind.
Jes' patriotic citizens payin' our eternal vigilance dues.
Mr. Miller continues:
Or he may have that little confidence in the substance of his own position.
Or he may have that little respect for reasoned public debate in general.
Or he may be that clueless about his opposition.
In any case I wouldn't assume (and Mr. Miller doesn't seem to) that Mr. Baker actually believes his own public statements.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Gradually, I become aware of a presence.
Between me and sustenance stands a woman in a suit. --Michael Swaine

@_date: 1994-05-11 12:57:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Patents on RSA will expire soon.... 
If that rate of speedup held long term, and no significantly better
factoring algorithms showed up, it would be 60 years until
a 1024 bit number were as easy to factor as RSA129 was this year.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and i dreamed i was flying
high up above my eyes could clearly see
the statue of liberty
sailing away to sea        --Paul Simon

@_date: 1994-05-11 12:57:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: NIST Good Intentions 
Paving the superhighway to Hell, of course.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and i dreamed i was flying
high up above my eyes could clearly see
the statue of liberty
sailing away to sea        --Paul Simon

@_date: 1994-05-17 16:13:03
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: possible anti-mandatory-clipper constitutional angle? 
R. David Murry suggests-
One of (Michael) "Swaine's Flames" in a recent Dr. Dobb's had this angle.  It was an imaginary trial about a government-mandated
Zeke Palmer says-
I'm not sure the unwashed will be wildly enthusiastic about this idea,
but then they did seem to be against Clipper in that Newsweek poll.
In any case it's a good principle: people and businesses shouldn't
be required or even asked to install government peacekeeping or
law-enforcing equipment in their homes.  It also applies to the proposals that telephone companies be required to put provisions for wiretaps into their equipment.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and i dreamed i was flying
high up above my eyes could clearly see
the statue of liberty
sailing away to sea        --Paul Simon

@_date: 1994-05-18 15:42:10
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Caller ID info... 
In this report...
...FCC apparently decides that per-line blocking should be prohibited since people might forget to unblock it when calling 911.
John Levine says,
To me the question is, why can't the phone company provide options
for blocking-on-all-but-911-calls, and unlisted-except-for-911?
More precisely, why can't the FCC allow for this simple possibility?
The reasoning seems to be, "since we can't understand why people want this, we must prohibit its even being an option:"
"...We find" it "is not the best... thus, carriers may not offer" it.
What about what the customers and consumer groups have found and fought
for?  What is wrong with letting this be decided on a regional, if not
provider, if not local, if not personal level?  Why must FCC impose least-
common-denominator reduction of services?
That's today.  I'm faxing this ill-prepared complaint to 202-632-6975.
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
and i dreamed i was flying
high up above my eyes could clearly see
the statue of liberty
sailing away to sea        --Paul Simon

@_date: 1994-05-19 09:27:21
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: AOL for Acronym OverLoading 
And the current worst AOL (acronym overload):
ATM Network -- Automatic Teller Machine, Asynchronous Transfer Mode
Recently saw an employment ad for an "ATM Network Administrator".
The whole job description was ambiguous ("you will oversee the operation of our ATM network...") until you got to the name of the - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To auditors without the code, calls seem
indistinguishable from noise.  --George Gilder

@_date: 1994-05-23 10:13:13
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Charge for Internet, Please. 
Re: the latest "Taxpayer Assets Project" pettition against
    charges for internet use.
Personally, internet charges, combined with dropping of NSF
involvement, can't come too quickly for me.  I want to sign
the counter-pettition:    To whom it may concern:    I'm willing to pay, just get out of the way.
I don't mind if schools subsidize their students' accounts
(tuitions pay for it already and would still do so),
or if whoever funds research would subsidize researchers'
accounts.  But then I believe in the separation of school and state, science and state, art and state.
If a charge of $20/month (and falling) gets rid of the whiners, charge on.  Fat chance, of course, but they don't bother me
as long as no one takes their advice.
- -Steve Witham
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To auditors without the code, calls seem
indistinguishable from noise.  --George Gilder

@_date: 1994-05-25 13:27:44
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Orthogonal Checksums? 
Bob is storing a file for Alice.
Once in a while Alice wants to check that Bob still has it.
The first time, she can ask him to take the MD5 of the file.  What about the second time?  (A single MD5 he could just store).
I've looked it up in Schneier.  There doesn't seem to be
anything about this exact situation; will the following work?
Alice makes a 128-bit random string and asks Bob to take the MD5 of the file with her random string prepended.  This is
impossible for Bob to compute without the file.  Right?
Alice, however, can precompute as many of these as she wants
(as long as she keeps them secret) so she doesn't have to
actually keep the file.
ps.  MD5 of a file with a random string appended to the *end*
     *can* be computed after having discarded the file.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To auditors without the code, calls seem
indistinguishable from noise.  --George Gilder

@_date: 1994-05-25 16:03:00
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Another AOL 
CDMA -- Carrier (Collision?) Detect Multiple Access,
        Code Division Multiple Access.  Grr.  Tim has me started.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To auditors without the code, calls seem
indistinguishable from noise.  --George Gilder

@_date: 1994-05-27 10:27:34
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: well 
i wrote-
Matt Thomlinson asked-
MD5 and similar hash functions work from the beginning of a file to the
end, in blocks.  For each block, you take the output of the
calculation on the previous block (or initiation constants, if it's
the first block), combine it with the current block, and get the output
for this block.
So, you can calculate the output of the second-to-the-last block,
and store that and the last block, and throw away the rest of the
file.  Then you can append anything you want to the last block (doing
it right, see next paragraph) and calculate the MD5 of the whole file
plus the appendage, even though you don't have the whole file any more.
This trick doesn't work for adding stuff at the beginning.  (*This*
trick doesn't...)
(About appending "right"--MD5 and sisters append some special stuff
at the end of the last block, including the total file length.
You'd have to insert at the right point and adjust.)
But the shortcut for appended-to files wasn't obvious to me at first
I agree with Perry that MD5 isn't necessarily the one to use, and
certainly won't always be.
A couple people agree that my trick *sounds* safe.
Somebody (sorry!) suggested some other methods:
 - Hash of ( file xor'd with repetitions of the same random string)
   --sounds a little safer to me.
 - Xor of specific bits in the file.  Sounds okay if you do a 128-
   bit-wide xor.  Except it doesn't test for bit-decay in the bits
   you didn't ask about.  A hash of the whole file does.
Anyway, I get the feeling cryptographers haven't studied this problem
long and hard.  Meanwhile a method that's about as cheap to compute
and as simple to explain, but seems less likely to be weak is:
 - hash( IDEA( file, random password ) )
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
To auditors without the code, calls seem
indistinguishable from noise.  --George Gilder

@_date: 1994-05-31 12:27:25
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: I back your scratch... 
So, the reason I asked about "orthogonal checksums" was this:
If you can check the integrity of a copy of a file remotely, then
people can trade storage space and have remote backups.  Or have more complicated schemes where, say, a group of users pay for a common storage service by backing up some of the files (or other files) for the provider.
The nice thing about this is that storage space is something that's
immediately valuable and electronically tradable.  And its value
can increase by trading.  In other words, we can trade one meg for
one meg and both come out ahead in terms of safety.  "I back your scratch and you back mine."
I'm not sure storage space makes a good unit of value for anything
else, since the cost of storage keeps going down.  On the other hand, trading space for space is immune to that inflation.
Some concrete applications:
    o  Making bulletin boards' data safe from loss by vandalism
    o  Archiving a mailing list
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nowhere man has gone before

@_date: 1994-06-09 11:57:33
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Signatures for Credit Cards? 
Stuart Baker, of all people, (in his recent Wired article) mentions
that digital signatures will mean never having to give out your credit
card number over the phone or the net.
Did we go over this one?  Were any of those recent press releases about
acceptable(*) crypto, over-the-phone credit cards?
(*)By acceptable, I mean, okay, it's not cash and I still have to trust the
issuing bank, but at least it's secure otherwise.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the snack that eats like a food

@_date: 1994-06-10 17:30:47
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Remailer REORDER not DELAY 
I waited for a good reply to this and didn't see one.  Smart people have commented on this before and no one in this round seems to be remembering.
Delay--time--isn't what matters.  It's confusion about which message is
which that matters.  So if I get 10 messages in one minute, I can scramble
the order and send them out the next minute, and I've done my job--at
least the order-scrambling part.  (You also need to pad or packetize
So use serial numbers, not times!  Send a message for every one you get, keep a fixed number of messages queued, and add dummies if necessary
to keep things moving.
Why not have the dummy message forwarded in a long enough chain and back to you?  Then you could swallow it or turn it into another dummy, depending on
whether you need to hurry your queue right now.
I don't think the amount of dummy traffic is a big problem.  You only need
enough to keep your queue flowing.  Plus, if the remailers only generate
dummies when necessary, the total dummy traffic is self-regulating, since
multi-hop dummies are x-lax for every remailer they pass through.
I like thinking about the traffic pattern with get-one-send-one remailers:
A user sends a message, and it seems to bounce from remailer to remailer
to remailer...to a final recipient--but no, it was all a shell game!
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the snack that eats like a food

@_date: 1994-06-13 14:12:21
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Remailer REORDER not DELAY 
i wrote-
Jim replies.
Okay, first I'll go over the case where delay without dummies does NOT
reorder.  Then I'll go over the case where delay simply adds needless,
well, delay.  Then I'll talk about the cost of dummy messages.
Assumption: Your remailer assigns each message a number from 0 to 59 and             remails it at that minute of the hour.  Whether it's hours in             the day, minutes in the hour or seconds in the minute only             changes which of the following two cases is more likely:
Case 1: The remailer receives no messages for 61 minutes, then one message,
        then no messages for 61 minutes.
Result: In the hour following receipt of that one message, only one         message is sent.  Guess which message it was.
Case 2: 60 messages arrive in one minute.
Result: The last one(s) go out about an hour later.  They could have
        all been sent in the next minute with equivalent reordering.
        P.s., if 60 messages arrive *every* minute, under the assumption
        above, you have to save an average of 3600 messages.
So, with this method, you can adjust the delay time down to guarantee
delivery time, or up to make reordering *more likely*, but you can't
guarantee reordering.  If you want 1/N reordering to be likely, you need to set the response time to N times the inter-arrival time for the *quietest* traffic periods.
To guarantee reordering you have to either wait indefinitely for enough
messages, or after a while insert some of your own.  To get over the
problem of needless delay, you either need to invent some kind of tricky variable-delay scheme, or turn your attention away from clock time and focus on ordering.
Say the worst turnaround you want is 24 hours, and you want to get 1-out-
of-10 reordering.  Then on a day where you receive only one message (for this you got a SLIP connection?) you would need to generate 9 dummies.
Assuming 10Kbyte messages, the bandwidth required is... 10.4 baud.
For a turnaround of 2.4 hours ... 104 baud.
                   15 minutes ... 1040 baud.
And remember, you generate only enough dummies to keep up the minimum
*total* traffic, so in reasonable-traffic periods, you generate no
dummies and the amount of real traffic you can handle isn't affected.
I guess this sentence, which you quote, wasn't clear:
In other words, in a world of communicating forwarders, a dummy message
from one just looks like regular traffic to any others it goes through,
and serves to keep their traffic levels up--the more remailers the
fewer dummy messages each remailer has to generate.
Traffic analysis is difficult when the order of messages is sufficiently
scrambled.  If you don't reorder, then delay doesn't help.  If you do
reorder, then added delay doesn't help.  Whether one message is
"synchronized" or not with a random other message isn't useful information to an outsider.
How might this information help analyze traffic?
Also, as I mentioned, if you send your dummies to yourself indirectly,
then pretty soon the level of input will match the level of output,
and the ratio of bogus to real messages *won't* be visible.
As far as I can see, dummy messages are simply necessary if you want to
guarantee both reordering and response time.  Please explain if you
believe differently.
Are you  charged per byte or just a flat rate?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the snack that eats like a food

@_date: 1994-06-28 20:12:09
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Moakley's real fax #? 
Does someone have the real fax number of Representative Moakley
(chairman of the House Rules Committee)?  (202)225-7304 says,
"You have reached a non-working number at the U.S. House of
Representatives," and doesn't seem to respond to a fax tickler
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the liquidy snack that drinks like a beverage!

@_date: 1994-06-29 09:57:16
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Got Rep. Moakley's fax # 
I called Representative Moakley's office and got their correct
fax number:
   (202) 225-3984
quote me
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the liquidy snack that drinks like a beverage!

@_date: 1994-06-30 17:25:12
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Chained Remailing Strategy and Tactics 
anonymous says-
The problem for someone trying to trace a message is, which of
some set of outgoing messages matches this incoming message?
(Or vice-versa.)  The size of the set of possibilities determines how much uncertainty is introduced.  If the remailer
works by delaying messages a random amount of time up to a
maximum, then the number of possibilities varies with the traffic.
But if the remailer works in terms of sequence instead of
time, it can hold the size of the set of possibilities
constant (which makes the maximum delay time vary as a side
So, sequence, not clock time, is what matters (or ought to),
all other things being equal, and there's no reason a remailer
should be any less effective in low traffic periods.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
the liquidy snack that drinks like a beverage!

@_date: 1994-07-01 21:11:46
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Credit-card PCs exist 
I'm looking at an ad for "CARDIO 386," a PC in a thick card a little bigger than a credit card.
It has a 236-pin connector with
   a full AT bus,
   VGA interface for video or LCD,
   IDE interface for hard disk,
   1 parallel, 2 serial, keyboard, mouse and floppy interfaces.
Up to 256K Rom and 4M DRAM.  I don't see built-in SRAM or battery,
but they have SRAM and flash cards as well as a PCMCIA interface.
The point is that it's what developers and their tools are used to.  You could run regular PGP on it, for instance.
(That reminds me: does anyone know whether automatic teller
machines are PCs inside?)
S-MOS Systems of San Jose, CA.  "A Seiko Epson Affiliate."
and of which i am not an affiliate,
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
spam is in the eye of the beholder (splat)

@_date: 1994-07-11 15:49:21
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Why to Care about Others' Security 
Tim May says-
I can think of a couple reasons to want other people to be more secure.
1) The more people protect their privacy, the less profit there is in
privacy invasion, so that there will be fewer people doing it and
the techniques and infrastructure of spying might develop more 2) The more people protect their privacy, the less privacy afficionados
will stand out from the crowd.
3) The more people buy privacy, the more developed the market for
privacy techniques and services, and the more private ways of doing
things will be available and easy to use.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
spam is in the eye of the beholder (splat)

@_date: 1994-07-13 13:51:27
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: RE: Why to Care about Others' Security 
i wrote-
& Mike Markley replied-
I think you're effectively looking at the profit in an individual act
of spying instead of the profit in the whole spying "industry."
(I'm using the word "spying" only because it's short.)
Another thing to remember is that we're talking about information
*collecting* technologies, like merging mailing lists, rather than code breaking.  Most "spying" is really cheap & easy nowadays.
There's always a distribution of valuable information at various levels of difficulty of access.  Privacy technology in common use would push masses of information from the easy-to-get category to
harder-to-get categories.
That means there's much more valuable information in the hard-to-get
category.  But that information *costs* much more to get, too.
The total information that can be collected at a given total cost
is less.
So less info would be espied, but I think we're discussing whether
spying technology would be stimulated or depressed overall.
Certainly there will be demand for info even after it becomes
expensive.  Sometimes people will be willing to pay higher costs.
That means good news for middlemen who specialize in hard spying.
But what about the spy industry overall?
There are two reasons I think it would be depressed.  One is
that espionage is synergystic.  You can make information more
useful by combining it with other information.  If less total
information is available then the average chunk of information
is less valuable--and so less worth collecting.
The other reason is that although some information will fetch
higher prices as it becomes more costly, much more information
will simply become not worth fetching.  So even though there
will be more high-priced spying going on, there will be less
money flowing in the spying industry overall.
This is my theory.  Which is mine.  (Actually I probably stole it
from Eric Hughes, but what do you expect from a punk.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nutritional information per serving:
   less than one (1) bit

@_date: 1994-07-22 12:57:35
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Small transaction amounts 
Eric speaks of the two kinds of electronic money systems--
closed ones where crypto doesn't have to be done because the system
guarantees security, and open ones where crypto has to be used.
Right...I think.  What has to scale is the "semantics of money."
Within a small area ("box"), security is guaranteed by how the enclosing
system works, and over a larger area it's done by crypto (*).  But
for the programs, the difference is transparent, except for a cost
that resembles communications cost.
(*) There's also an issue of, "Can that box over there guarantee me
that I can run programs securely within it?"  There are ways to
do this with tamperproof boxes and such.  Or looser ways to do it
with reputations.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nutritional information per serving:
   less than one (1) bit

@_date: 1994-07-26 12:57:49
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
I think Norm gets the prize for the best garage door opener:
But this raises an idle question: how much easier is it to break a DES key given a sequence of (n, DES(n)) where the n's are successive numbers, than it is if the n's are random (but still
known)?  I doubt this is a practical threat for garage doors.
- -Steve
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nutritional information per serving:
   less than one (1) bit

@_date: 1994-08-08 13:57:19
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Postal Inspection (was Common Carriers...) 
Tim May says-
That reminds me.  I once got a conference announcement from Europe
in the mail.  Printed on the envelope was a little icon showing a
profile of the head of a guy wearing a hat (like a policeman or mailman's hat), and an arrow pointing from about his eye level to a picture of an open envelope.  This looked like the original envelope, untouched, and the icon seemed to have been there from the start.
Anybody know what it means?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nutritional information per serving:
   less than one (1) bit

@_date: 1994-08-15 09:42:15
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: a fnerd by any other name 
Hi, folks.
I hope to be posting a lot less as "fnerd from now on.
I got a PPP account at The Internet Access Company (near Boston,
where I live).  I made sure my subscription to cypherpunks-digest
was working there, then cut off my cpunx subscription here.
THE NEW ADDRESS FOR ME:  sw (Steve Witham, former fnerd)
The fnerd address will still work, but I'm hoping to spend fewer hours at work reading mail!
Let me tell you, for someone who's never had direct internet
access before, having it at home with a Macintosh interface is
fun!  (Bostonians: $30 for 40 hours/month, $25 to Boston
Computer Society members.)  I particularly like sending reminders to myself between work and home.
By the way, I've never trusted my PGP key since I got it on my
hard disk once.  I should figure out how to produce an official
revocation notice.  The PGP signatures on my messages were
a fake.  So for now you'll have to wonder whether I'm just a
tentacle of myself.  Fractal personality disorder?
Nah, just good ol'
- -Steve
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Wake up, puppet boy!  --Devo
-----DISCONTINUE PGP SIGNATURE-----
Version: 2.3a

@_date: 1994-08-15 11:37:41
@_author: FutureNerd Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Liberation Technology 
Don't forget "Liberation Theology."
- -Steve
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Sometimes I sits and thinks
and sometimes I just sits.  --Anon.
