
@_date: 1996-01-07 07:00:50
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: RE: Revoking Old Lost Keys 
This is true, but the "old you" can be resurrected if you can get enough people to believe your new key using any out-of-band means available
to you.  You can also put a comment in your new key's uid explaining the
problem and how to verify the new key. You will find it very hard to use this new key for a while, though, during the transition period. Many people will take the existence of two keys with the same uid as suspicious in itself, since it at least indicates some kind of attack (even if only a denial of service attack).  This is really a usability flaw with current PGP.
The PGP formats do allow for a 'revocation' certificate, but PGP doesn't
implement it (yet, I guess).  In any case, it's not really strong enough, since what it says is "I retract all my previous statements that this key is related to this user".  This'd mean that you'd have to visit everyone who'd ever signed your key and get them to issue this retraction. What would be needed for this problem is either an "anti-certificate" ("This key does not belong to this user"), or else some convention. For example, if two _trusted_ keys are found for the same uid, the most recent one could be chosen, and the earlier one be purged from keyservers, etc.  This may be possible with current PGP.  I haven't tried it, but since I have some keys which have fallen into disuse, I will need to do so Frank O'Dwyer
fod

@_date: 1996-01-07 08:55:08
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: RE: Revoking Old Lost Keys 
I wasn't referring to revoking the old key, but to introducing a new one
and letting the old one fall into disuse. I think this can sometimes be done even if you've lost access to the old key, albeit in a painful out-of-band fashion.  It does depend on the application, though, and if the (relevant portion of the) web of trust was very large, you might find that the old key kept popping up and you kept getting mail (or whatever-it-is-you're-encrypting) that you couldn't read. (and/or some people wouldn't believe your signatures).
Basically, PGP's revocation model is broken unless you create a revocation
cert. at the time you make your key, and keep it safely somewhere in case
you need it.  Even then, as time goes by the keyring keeps accumulating all these extra packets and growing without bound.  It's not just PGP--all long-lived certificates are hard to revoke (for example X.509's revocation is also clunky).  It's just that PGP's certificates are particularly long-lived, and PGP's revocation is particularly broken. Luckily the data formats do allow for a validity time, and a revocation of a key's countersignature, so this can perhaps be fixed sometime.
Well, see above. The key is not revoked.  But a bunch of people _could_
attempt to introduce a key under the name of someone they just wanted to hassle.  The conspiracy doesn't have to be especially large. For example, it would be easy for me to invent a key for you and have _my_ friends believe it
even in spite of your real key being on their keyrings.  It wouldn't be so easy for me to get _your_ friends believe it.  In Bruce's case, he'd be trying to do
a similar thing, except that the key'd really be his, and more people'd be
likely to believe him (especially his friends, and their friends, and so on).
I think you're right.  The key will still be out there.
I don't think so.  At best, you might be able to convince the admins to
manually delete the old key from the server's rings (assuming the software is able
to do this).  Even then, the key might keep popping back up, for example
if you had countersigned other people's keys with your old key and they kept
uploading their key with additional signatures.  A practical solution
might be for the key servers to automatically remove keys older than X years (or some time limit related to the key size).  Ultimately though, what is needed is a new revocation model (maybe implementing the unused fields in the PGP certs is good enough to begin with).
Cheers,Frank O'Dwyer
fod

@_date: 1996-01-07 09:07:26
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: RE: "trust management" vs. "certified identity" 
This is an interesting idea.  I think, though, that there's
something to be said for keeping identity and privilege separate
things to be vouched for.  For one thing privileges and policy change
but identity doesn't.  Privilege is also relative, but identity is not (nyms
and that aside).  I'm Frank O'Dwyer anywhere I go, but I'm not "loyal bank customer" to all banks. Also, it's easier to securely determine that I'm Frank O'Dwyer than it is to securely determine (say) my credit limit.
So, a signator's job in signing for my identity is easier (and less risky) than signing for my trustworthiness.  And we still don't have many CAs signing
for identity!  Plus, given secure identity (which might be an anonymous id), you can layer the other stuff on top.  That's not to say that the certification approach can't be general, though.  It occurred to me that a very general certificate format would
simply be to sign some assertions (predicates), and then feed all available signed predicates plus some axioms (the analogue of root keys) into a theorem prover.  Sounds slow though.  More practically perhaps, you could sign some kind of (safe) interpreted code, and have the verifier execute it on some initial variable set to come up with
some access decision.  I haven't read your paper yet though!  I'll read it and get back to you.
There does seem to be something about current models of certification
that inhibits their take up, so it's good to hear something new in this area...
Frank O'Dwyer
fod

@_date: 1996-01-07 22:33:44
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: RE: "trust management" vs. "certified identity" 
Apologies - this mailer doesn't give me any indication
where the margin is.
I'm not saying that trust requires identity (it obviously doesn't,
since we all make trusted cash transactions all the time
without having to produce any id.).  But it is usually easier to
determine (and vouch for) who a stranger is than how trustworthy they are, if only because there are quick and easy real-world mechanisms for this (driver's licence, passport,etc.).   That's all I meant.
(BTW, can you lend me a few bucks? :-)
That's an extremely useful way of looking at it, I agree.
But the lifetime of a key is often less than that of some
attribute.  It's easy to imagine one email address having
a succession of keys.  But then again, one might
acquire and discard email address more often than
keys (I've gone through three addresses in the last year or so).  So perhaps a better model is just a loose assocation of attributes, with "key(s)" and "identity(s)"
being two very interesting ones, but no one attribute
being primary all the time.
(I'm thinking out loud here -- I'm actually trying to come
up with some C++ classes for this sort of stuff, so this
discussion is pretty interesting to me.  Thus far, I'd got to the model you describe - a key has a bunch of attributes, one them identity. But now I'm thinking that
this maybe isn't enough, and an 'identity-centric' view is
also needed.  Perhaps there should be multiple views
into the same data?).
Right.  I was only talking about 'verinyms', really.
Cheers,Frank O'Dwyer
fod

@_date: 1997-01-03 12:07:39
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
It would be nice if each user could install filters on Majordomo itself.
Not only would we not need to buy Eudora Pro, but we wouldn't have to
pay to download messages we didn't want to read, and without having
to employ a moderator (censor). The most serious drawback I can think of is the slight loss of privacy involved in revealing
one's filtering preferences to the server - however, the people who
get filtered are generally no secret.  You just told the list you
filter aga for example. In conjunction with your token scheme (maybe even without it), something like that could cut volume really nicely.  In conjunction with anonymous
subscription, people might be willing to run more powerful filters on the server end (positive filtering, keyword search, etc) [that would need some kind of token scheme, else spammers/mailbombers could just stuff their articles with keywords].  It might even be possible to implement a feature like 'subscribe cypherpunks-lite', where you get subscribed to a list minus the most filtered posters...
Frank O'Dwyer

@_date: 1997-01-03 18:04:10
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
I guess you're not paying for your mail then :-)  Just stand back from
this for a moment -  doesn't it seem just nonsensical to have a robot (majordomo) cranking out 10s of messages to 1000s of users, day in day out, just for other robots (filters) to delete them?  And to pay for the privilege?
I mean, is it really better to consume the cycles on _everybody's_ machine, _plus_ use all that bandwidth? I'd say that's not obvious.  Granted, it takes my creaking old 486 about 10 minutes for exmh to do a filtered 'inc' on the new mail. However I have to pay the phone bills to download all the cruft in the first place, just in order to get the rare nugget. And I can't use my mailer while the 'inc' is running. And if everyone else is paying and and waiting too, then maybe it turns out to be better for the messages to be filtered centrally, so we all waste less time and money, even if the server does heat up a little. (Hell, I might even chip in to upgrade the list server if that's what it took, and still save money.)
Besides, it's not necessarily true that filtering would make the server load
significantly worse (certainly not if PGP is the other option), or even that it makes it worse at all. For example, the overhead on doing a lookup on a short list of filtered users might well be more than offset by not having to send the message. (Having once seen a DEC alpha brought to its knees by 'sendmail', I can believe that...).  If processing turned
out to be a genuine problem then maybe the list could be split over several servers. (In an ideal world, of course, the filtering agents would be mobile, and would learn to back all the way up the pipe and would eventually run on the spammer's machines :-)
True, but I'd sure love not to have to download some of the cruft down the old 28.8 line in the first place...I suppose IMAP would have the same
thing going for it but it's not here yet (plus you still have all that
list cruft that 99% of people filter or delete going up and down the internet).  [ deletia ... The security issues you mention are real, but so are the solutions you mention :-) ]
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1997-01-04 05:00:56
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Hyperlink Spoofing: an attack on SSL server authentication 
I've written up an attack on SSL server authentication at
As far as I am aware, this attack hasn't been written about before.
It does not attack the SSL protocol or low-level cryptography, but works
at a higher level in order to persuade users to connect to fake servers, with the browser nonetheless giving all the usual appearances of a secure session.
Not much technical sophistication is required to carry off the attack,
and the impact is that a user may be persuaded to reveal information
such as credit card numbers, PINs, insurance or bank details, or other
private information to the fake server. Another risk is that the user
may download and run trojan Java applets or executables (e.g. banking or database clients) from the fake server, believing them to be from the real server and therefore safe. I am posting this announcement on comp.security.misc, ssl-talk and on cypherpunks. If you know of any other individuals who may be concerned
about this attack, but who do not read this group or those lists, please
forward this message to them.
Frank O'Dwyer

@_date: 1997-01-04 07:54:21
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Hyperlink Spoofing: an attack on SSL server authentication 
Jim Truitt just posted a link for their paper, which I've linked
off my page. Although it incorporates most of the same ground as my stuff, I think I have shown some additional
vulnerabilities and (more importantly) some new fixes.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1997-01-08 16:22:06
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: [IDEA] Cypherpunks Super Computer (was Re: The Upcoming DES Challenge) 
This .sig and the DES challenge gave me an idea that I'd like to bounce off the list.
One of the things about these screensaver style cracking/searching
programs is the hassle in downloading/installing the programs.
There's also the problem of maybe downloading some trojan.  And
they need to be changed any time there's a new problem or key
to work on (or a bug). The whole thing is so cumbersome that
it's easy to claim it's not really a practical attack, or that
it costs too much.
However, what if there was a safe scripting language with bignum
arithmetic and other cryptographic primitives, and what if
lots of people ran a service that would accept scripts in that language and respond with the answer?  Say, a Safe-TCL interface to Peter Gutmann's cryptlib, running at idle priority?  Sort of like a distributed batch queue, and also a bit like the way jobs are (were?) submitted to Crays.  The Cypherpunks Super Computer. It need not be significantly slower than raw code if the primitives are high level enough.
I think this would be technically quite interesting, and would
maybe play well in the media too.  In response to the "it would cost too much to be _really_ practical" claim, anyone could always note that there was this distributed cypherpunks supercomputer that anonymous people could use to break keys with for free.
I'd be happy to code something like this up if there's interest.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1997-01-09 17:24:13
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: [IDEA] Cypherpunks Super Computer (was Re: The Upcoming DES Challenge) 
[...] I like Java too, however it is getting to be a systems programming
language.  In my experience people are irrationally scared of it, too
(while happily tapping their secrets into MS-word, of course :-)
What I have in mind is more obviously restricted, and more like a programmable calculator (with bignums and buttons marked "DES") - no
sockets, no files, no system calls, etc.  Just number-crunching.
I take the point about Safe-TCL, but there must be some way of doing
this in a way that enough people think it's safe to run. Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-09-07 14:43:03
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: [Fwd: ISAKMP Key Recovery Extensions] 
Well, the attached draft is not designed for corporate recovery of
encrypted email, that's for sure.
Frank O'Dwyer.
Organization: HR13
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
    This document describes the proposed approach for negotiating and
    exchanging key recovery information within the Internet Security
    Association Key Management Protocol (ISAKMP).

@_date: 1998-10-08 03:47:45
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source   code) 
Agreed. For example, having SSLeay (say) used in some proprietary
program or other would achieve very little in the way of "cypherpunk
goals" (unless perhaps the company voluntarily published improvements
and bug fixes for SSLeay). Having it used in Mozilla is a different
matter, however. Ultimately what is needed is not good free crypto
(which already exists, pretty much) but good free *applications* that
use crypto, with available source that can be examined for good practice
and backdoors, and that can be fixed when they are broken.  But that's not to say that there is no point in trying to harness the
resources of proprietary software makers. One of way of looking at this
is that there is a limited number of people who know about this stuff,
and some of them work on proprietary software. Let's assume that it's
worth getting those people involved. Well, GPLing your code pretty much
ensures that they won't work on it. On the other hand, a very liberal
licence like BSD will mean that many of them won't or can't share their
results. The Mozilla licence looks to me like a good compromise in terms
of getting skilled people involved and maximising the return of
improvements. Additional licence terms like "no GAK" or whatever would
just turn some % of people off the code and would be superfluous
anyway--there's no need for the licence to demand "no GAK" if it demands
the source, and there's no point in demanding it otherwise.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-10-08 06:59:35
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source   code) 
No, it doesn't, because no crypto library gives any application "strong
crypto". It has to be used correctly and appropriately for one thing.
For another, it needs to be free of back doors, whether intentionally
placed there or otherwise. In the long run, full disclosure of source
code provides the best assurance that this is so. As the original poster commented, those two agendas may have more in
common than you might think. Microsoft is a good case in point; they are already using strong crypto,
yet as far as I can tell they have yet to produce a secure OS or a
secure product of any kind.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-10-08 20:42:54
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
[I agree with this point re GPL - hopefully that was clear from the rest
of what I wrote.]
I also agree that BSD licencing is better for SSLeay, and crypto
components in general, than GPL (false dichotomy, btw--there are other
licences). My interest in this issue is not so much in crypto
components, but in licensing of open-source "product quality" standalone
applications that employ crypto, since I am trying to write one. I think
the issues for such programs may be different than for components. None
of the freeware licences seem ideal to me, but the MozPL seems like a
good compromise between GPL and BSD-style. (The main sticking point for
me is that it states that disputes regarding the licence should be
resolved in the States.) But I think that BSD/'X' might be overly
liberal for a self-contained program, and GPL has the usual issues for
any useful components that might be in the program. Having said that I do question whether take-up of free crypto components
by commercial companies genuinely results in "strong cryptographic
products". I'm not meaning to denigrate Eric's work in any way, but in
my experience the likes of SSLeay is very often shovelled into products
by companies who don't understand crypto, don't understand SSL, and
barely understand SSLeay. Even those who do understand what they are
doing are typically working "on Internet time". Certainly merely linking
to SSLeay does NOT result in a "strong cryptographic product", not by
any stretch of the imagination. Well then, "Cypherpunks write code". Wide deployment of crypto
components in closed-source programs (especially by cluebags) is neither
necessary nor sufficient to achieve "more strong crypto" in the sense
that Cypherpunks mean it, in my opinion. (Yes, it's better than nothing,
but not much better.)
Well, it clearly isn't, as evidenced by the large number of fairly
bright people arguing about it. :)
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-10-09 00:39:32
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
Adam, in future please spare me your warrantless insults. Thanks.
I'm familiar with C2Net. If Stronghold is any good, that is because
C2net and/or the Apache team know what they are doing, not just because
they picked up a free SSL library on the net. It's easy to build
insecure products on good crypto, and many other companies are busy
doing just that. In fact, it's funny that you tout a "secure web server"
as "strong crypto" since in that context SSL is usually vulnerable to
being end-run by web spoofing. Oops. Oh well, it uses strong crypto, so
it must be good.
Then I guess you agree that closed-source deployment is neither
necessary nor sufficient to achieve "strong crypto". Not really sure why
you're arguing in that case.
That's condescending and irrelevant. Did anyone ever fix web spoofing?
Yes, and yes. (I don't think you understand the term "name dropped" btw.
But given the name-dropping and appeal-to-authority tone of your whole
post, I wonder if you understand the term "irony").
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-10-09 06:50:44
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) 
No, I am arguing that if deployment of privacy is your goal, then you
need _some_ base level of security before you've really deployed
privacy. Deploying crypto is not the same thing. I do agree that it's
important to get stuff "out there" in whatever form (partly to get it
fixed, but mainly so it can't be shut down). I just think the closed
source route is a dead end. I also think that the free crypto libraries
exist, and now it would be nice to see free crypto applications. By that
I mean turnkey stuff with Windows installation programs and GUIs that
normal people can use--and *source* (turnkey for developers too). Make
it easy to have privacy, basically.
Well, it's early days (I am just designing and prototyping now), but my
goal is to make a decentralised secure messaging client that ordinary
ISP users can use without any special resources. Something like icq, but
with crypto and without any central server, the intention being that it
would be easier to set up and harder to filter or shut down. I have in
mind an abstract messaging service that can be extended to use whatever
channel or drop-point happens to be available (e.g. irc, direct sockets,
email, remailers, ftp, usenet, intermediaries, icq). So for example you
could use irc just to rendezvous with someone (or meet them in the first
place), then use diffie-hellman to establish a private channel for a
real-time chat, then subsequently use an ftp site or a newsgroup to
exchange offline messages. The challenge is to make this easy. It's
something I want for myself, but I figure with the addition of a nice
GUI and an installer etc., it could be of wider interest. (And no, I
have no idea when I'll have some code to show, but I guess now I've
mentioned it I better finish it :)
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-10-11 09:27:43
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: "TCQ" (request for comments) 
Some people asked for more detail on the project I am working on, so I
have begun a quick write-up about it. A draft version is at the URL
below. This is just a sketch, and the document is fairly scrappy still,
but I thought it would be worth asking for comments at this stage
anyway. So, flame away.
   (Yes, it's an acrobat doc. Apologies for the somewhat awkward format
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-10 22:14:18
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
We do. News inherently has a 'sell-by' date. The most obvious example is
stock quotes where delayed quotes are provided for free whereas
real-time quotes are heavily charged for. The recipients of such
information care very much about latency, since it's possible to trade
on any differences that may exist. There's even some research on attacks
that simply delay packets in such networks.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-13 20:32:28
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
Under an "anarcho-whatever" people are left to their own devices. This
leaves them free to do anything, including institute governments, pass
laws, form unions, inject themselves with battery acid, shoot everyone
wearing glasses, and climb towers to pick off passers-by with a
high-velocity rifle. What people on both extremes seem to miss is that
the world is already, and always has been, an anarchy; the experiment is
ongoing, and so far "all of the above" is the outcome. Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-14 01:11:40
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the (fwd) 
You are missing the point completely -- there is no reason to suppose
that people, left to their own devices, would do anything other than
what people left to their own devices have already done, which is to put
in place all the present systems of law and government. The problem for
both your point of view and that of the "anarcho-whatevers" is that
there is no need to speculate about what an anarchy would look like, we
already have one. It's just that it doesn't resemble what either of you
thinks an anarchy should be. Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-23 21:49:11
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
Anyone can, but does anyone? Also be aware that most people don't
compile from source--it would be easy to doctor the source, compile a
binary, and ship the trojan binary alongside the unmodified source.
Yes it does, but not quite in the same way. For example, I believe that
in days of yore some attackers managed to insert a back door into some
DEC OS by breaking into the coding environment (I don't recall the
details, does anyone else?). So in other words, not only _could_ this
happen with non-OSS, it _has_ happened, and no doubt it happens
reasonably often.
In short, this is a real problem, but it seems to be that the likes of
Linux ought to be able to leverage its decentralised and parallel
development model to address it in a more comprehensive manner than any
closed centralised model could ever hope to achieve. "Many eyes"
_should_ make for defence in depth against this--but it does look like
some process is needed, and the Linux folk will need some kind of
argument to convince people that it works. Perhaps a start would be for individuals to essentially certify software
that they had personally checked, offering repositories with detached
signatures for specific versions of software compiled in a certain way.
Software that hadn't yet been certified or which didn't match sufficient
independent signatures could then be referred to a human for checking,
and if it was OK then that version of the software could also be signed.
This would also serve as a highly visible "yes, we have checked this for
back doors" statement..."and here are 1,000s of signatures to prove it"
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-24 03:55:39
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
No, that is a different incident. These were external attackers who
managed to patch the source, and as far as I know it did ship. Could be
an urban myth I guess, but it's clearly a plausible attack.
OK, "reasonably often" is overstating it, perhaps :) Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-24 03:59:32
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
Agreed, but that's a different issue. Here we're talking about
deliberately inserted back doors. Those can get extremely nasty, and may
be unpatchable. Examples include "data kidnap" (encrypting the target's
information in situ and demanding a ransom for the decryption key), and
"data cancer" (slow corruption of the target's information, ensuring
that the backups are also corrupted). Quickly patching the software that
delivers those attacks isn't anough--you need a defence against it being
introduced and activated in the first place. I haven't heard of any real
examples of such attacks, but that's not especially comforting.
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-11-29 07:51:16
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
If you had no hard drive why the hell would you worry about disk
Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-12-02 04:17:40
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Securing data in memory (was "Locking physical memory (fwd) 
Unless you're running NT. I have a box with NT server and 256MB RAM, and
I'm pretty sure about 100MB of that has never seen any data. The disk
still rattles away, even though the machine is typically left switched
on. For example, if you run Word, log out, then run Word again, it still
seems to go for the disk. Frank O'Dwyer.

@_date: 1998-12-15 02:53:23
@_author: "Frank O'Dwyer" 
@_subject: Re: Text of Wassenaar regulations, with comments 
Unfortunately, AFAIK copyrighted software is NOT public domain. GPL and
the like usually make a big song and dance to the effect of "this s/w is
copyrighted and not in the public domain". Even worse, I think the
original PGP is pretty clearly not in the public domain, since
commercial uses must be paid for. So does anyone know just how does
Wassenaar define the term "public domain", and is open source indeed
covered?
