
@_date: 1996-04-02 19:15:40
@_author: "FRank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: What backs up digital money? 
Quite a time to go on vacation and have the power supply to my laptop
first show wires then break!  A great series of rants about the
backing of ecash, and I missed most of it (at least in real time).  I'll add a few of my thoughts and see if it all goes any further.
Ecash is a means of transferring value, currently USD at Mark Twain,
betweeen parties.  Ecash, however denominated, is not a currency in
Any "currency" or other "value units", be it USD, DEM, gold, silver,
coupons, etc can be transferred by the ecash system.  The Mint
licensee must agree and then issue the units.  This is, after all,
The value unit or currency has value because people agree it has
value.  CyberBucks were (and still are) somewhat convertable to
tangible goods - they are for sure convertable to intrinsic goods as
demonstrated by the CyberBucks trial.  USD and DEM have value only
because we all accept them as payment - as fiat currencies there is no
formal backing.  Gold has value because ...
One of the keys in any system is that users feel comfortable about the
future value of the units or currency, be the units a national
currency, a commodity, or a coupon.  There are two components to this:
1)  The user must believe that they will receive the units back from
      someone at a later date - this is plain old fashion credit risk.  For
      example if  I am running an ecash system with gold then you have to
      believe that I will give you gold upon request - same for USD and this
      is why banks for the time being should be the primary issuer to avoid
      a general credit risk.  If users are unsure or unable to determine if
      the Mint operator will return the nominal value of the units then
      there is not enough confidence to run a system.  Consider pre-FDIC
      days in US banking.
2)  The user must believe that the units will have a value in the
      future.  We can agree that FOT Units are each worth US$1.0 million
      today, but how will their value be determined tomorrow?  Non-national
      currency, however attractive from a theoretical standpoint is weak
      under this guideline.  I am a strong believer that ecash will support many national
currencies, commodity based implementations such as gold and silver,
as well as coupons and commercial equivalents.  Use of ecash for
payments will depend only on the creative uses presented by someone
willing to sell at a profit a product that attracts customers.
There is likely some point where a non-national currency will become
attractive first to the internet community, then to the public at
large.  If done with low credit risk it can survive.  You should
consider that  two of the key elements to determine value are
precisely known in ecash and not in circulating money - money supply
and velocity.  One now has only to consider other factors like
purchasing power to obtain a base value.
Ecash puts banks back into the business of being banks - acting as a
storehouse of value, and as a means to transfer this value, all for a
fee.  The early bank models were exclusively along these lines, with
the various lending and investing functions added later.
All for now, a start anyway.
Disclaimer - Personal not corporate thoughts.
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-04-04 18:47:21
@_author: "FRank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: What backs up digital money? 
I think I tried to cover too many bases at once.  Ecash _is_ currency, it is not _a_ currency.
This means that outside of the formal definition acording to BSA which says that currency is the stuff we carry around and nothing else, that ecash generated coins function as a currency in that one can make purchases on a peer to peer basis, and appears to have the migration path necessary to exist in an offline world as well.  To me this makes it It is not a currency.  One sees many articles and posts (not yours) that refer to ecash as though it were not USD or some other store of value. In this case I mean that ecash is the software that moves and stores money like a check, or more precisely like a money order, but is not in itself _a_ currency.
Exactly - I agree.  Take a look at contracts like loans until Roosevelt closed the gold window in the early thirties.  They said things like "you owe $100 or the equivalent of X.xx ounces of gold.  With the revaluation of the US currency in terms of gold in the 30s there was a specific potion of the bill that disallowed these terms in contracts since the devaluation could not effectively take place otherwise (ref - Jim Grant).
No quarrel here - but I think it is easier to build a competing lending institution where the business gives you money and you promise toi give it back, than it is to build confidence in a deposit institution where you give money and hope to get it back.  I take my original commnet as a positive.
Sure, this is like free banking in the 1800 - Fed KC traded at a discount to Fed NY or vice versa depending on attitude at the time.
In the old days there was an automatic balance when a government inflated - the metal standard attached.  If inflation got out of hand people would show up at the window with bills asking for the gold or silver equivalent - when the government gave out too much metal it had to behave.
I would like to note that I am a big supported of private currencies.  We have had many discussions on the topic and I have had the academic side covered by folks who wrote papers as far back as the 50s on how to do it.  As ecash is accepted in the mainstream by multi-issuing interoperable banks I expect to spend more time on this topic - for now I need to get  on with the conventional version.
Great ideas!
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-04-08 17:33:17
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: the cost of untracability? 
There is a tax event that occurs when one converts from one currency to another (be it capital or current).  In your example the purchase of Yen and later sale may result in a gain if the Yen appreciates, or a loss if it drops.  This is a taxable event.
You actually refer to the method that was used in the 14th - 16th century in europo to pay interest when it was against church (really "Church") law.  Early banks would do currency or metals-to-currency trades with people and imply a rent or interest rate.  It was also the begining of the discount trade bill (I'll give you 90 cents today  and get your dollar in a year from the person you sold those chairs to).
I'll still cling to my Ecash is curency not a currency agument as well BTW.
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-04-09 16:48:29
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: Bulletin: Cypherpunks say no taxes owed by moneychangers! 
Lets state it simply, if you make a gain by holding a currency then
it must be included in your reported income.  At least one writer
correctly stated that the IRS likely does not care about small
amounts taken on a trip, but they are technically reportable.
Same goes for a loss, it is a deduction (with string attached of course) from taxable income.
Aside from ecash, helping people to exchange currency is my day job
so I see this all the time, especially this month each year.
Disclaimer: Personal not corporate thoughts....
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-04-10 22:32:09
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: Bulletin: Cypherpunks say no taxes owed by moneychanger 
I know Frankin and will see him next week.  His argument, which I have around here somewhere if I could get my paper life organized, realtes to gold and silver in certain situations.  If I find it I will reference it, otherwise I'll ask if he will post to this group.
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-05-19 09:49:13
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: marginal cost of ecash transaction 
Ecash Marginal Costs
Ecash transaction costs are a cost-accountants brain tease.  Here's
my take on the topic (this will likely display why I trade currency
and bonds and market payment systems and don't do cost accounting,
but since I do have overall responsibility for the cost and revenue of ecash it does matter quite a lot to me directly).
Hardware - We own and have paid for boxes to run the system.  Once
we run out of space or CPU power we have to buy more.  Thus we have
a step function that could be allocated across the transactions
being done  at a particular time,  but is in fact not really
marginal.  Our experience suggests that the steps are quite high.
Telco - Same as above to a degree - we pay for telco and a variety of connection "items".  If the volume goes off scale we have to upgrade, making this another step function.  It is a periodic bill, and can change, so it is not strictly a "sunk" cost like hardware.
People - Here is the likely marginal cost.  Bryce correctly notes that when we have to hire a variety of people to take care of more volume we have what can look like a marginal cost.  But this is not marginal by transaction, it is marginal by manual or semi-manual item like account set up, money transfer, email or phone conversations, etc.   It is entirely concievable that the one penny transactions
described in previous posts create no need for additional people,
and conversely a high dollar corporate transaction book might
suggest a lot of hand holding and manual costs.
You should look at most of this cost / benefit stuff on an account
basis, not on a transaction basis.  The regular banking costs of
mailing statements (still required), collecting desposits, producing payments outside of ecash, etc are in fact the bigger
parts of the cost.  There are also asssociated costs on accounts
of holding reserves with the Fed, paying FDIC insurance where
appropriate, and explaining the system and its implications to
our own executive staff, regulators, and accountants.
In all the system and the attending transactions are not considered marginal at this time by me.  In time, interbank clearing and currency stuff will generate genuine marginal costs.
We have sunk and ongoing hard costs, and perhaps someday some revenue and balances to offset the costs.  To my analysis the marginal costs revolve around the manual functions that could become a huge factor depending on the profile of customer that becomes the main user.  If they are substantially inactive in manual operations, we may have low marginal costs, if they all need a lot of handholding and manual transactions then each account will cost a lot to handle.
Hardware needs, of course, vary with the style of transaction.  Marcel made a quick pass at this in a recent post to the ecash list.
Just a start off the top of my head.
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906

@_date: 1996-07-22 13:36:39
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: Re: Credit Card to eCash 
Obviously this would be tremendous!  There are a variety of ways
that one can construct a purse to allow use of a purchased amount of
ecash(tm)  without being a customer of a particular bank -  a nifty
idea if the credit card part works.
The "credit card thing" has been much discussed but really hinges on
 a change in the MC or VISA rules that either doesn't allow someone
to cancel the transaction at a later date leaving the acceptor
holding the bag, or allowing the acceptor to charge a fee that
covers the default risk of the former.  Currently according to my reading both are precluded.
Curiously, a little bird told me that the VISA _cash_ cards for
Atlanta allow you to call up to order one paying with a credit card,
and that it appears on one's statement as merchandise.  I would be
curious to hear what VISA rule changed to allow a non-face-to-face
cash advance to occur and call it merchandise!  Whatever.
My own ideas, not my employer's.
Frank O. Trotter, III  -   fotiii
  - Fax: +1 314 569-4906
