
@_date: 1993-11-23 16:53:05
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: Re: Crays vs <?> 
Maybe he meant, you know, the Russians.
Ha ha.
They're supposed to be our friends now, right?
Now, the FRENCH on the other hand..

@_date: 1993-12-04 12:14:31
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: Re: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
I don't think encryption will go unnoticed for very long, one doesn't have
to have a very high IQ to understand that secrecy is important, and that
encruption is a technology which will help keep things secret.  In Escobar's
case, the thing to do would perhaps have been to hide an encrypted data
stream in a normal-sounding conversation?  This would be harder to detect
for the authorities.  The data would probably be text which would require
much less bandwith than voice.
Notice how our Prez referred to the killing of these two men as heroic
and brave?  It was two against THOUSANDS, I'm sure they shot him to pieces. :-)
(No, I don't think drug use is anything but destructive but it's easy to
see that TPTB speak with two (more more) tounges.)

@_date: 1994-01-13 20:42:42
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: Re: why govt's get bigger 
So you are saying that acting in one's own rational self-interest is
compatible with acting upon somone else by force?  Um, and how can you
epistemologically justify looking upon the government as being a
rational being, as having a consciousness?  It consists of many separate
individuals, does it not?
Finally, isn't self-interest nirvanna a contradiction in terms?  Nirvanna
means merging with something greater, extinction of the self etc.  But isn't
the only rational standard of value, the ultimate self-interest, the
preservation and flourishing of one's self, of one's life?
I'm very curious about why people think governments are allowed to grow so
oppressive - maybe this has something to do with whether people in a society
think big government is good.  It appears to me that most people these days
are of the opinion that government should 'help people' instead of protect
what our founding fathers saw as inalienable rights.  It also seems to me
like the whole concept of rights has been perverted, that political leaders
now believe that _needs_ make rights, such as the "need" for health care or
an information superhighway for all Americans.  For those who've forgotten,
this country was not founded as a democracy but as a republic.

@_date: 1994-01-13 23:07:45
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: re: why govts get bigger 
Um, I was referring to _initiation_ of force.  When the government taxes
you that is initiation of force.  When you fire a gun at a robber (or an
IRS agent attempting to steal your assets) that is self-defense.
But what is the philosophical premise behind government as it now stands?
I believe it is altruism - the ethics that tells man that action in his
own rational self-interest is immoral ("selfish") and that only self-
sacrifice, acting _against_ one's own interest for the benefit of the
people, one's neighbors, the state, or some random homeless person, is
morally good.
The ethical bases of laissez-fare capitalism is rational egoism, not
altruism.  According to altruism, productivity for one's own benefit
is a vice, suffering is a virtue.  This is why the "free market" isn't
free - it is ethically incompatible with the philosophical basis of
our so-called leaders (and many, many citizens.)
As long as we do not reject the moral code of altruism we will move
steadily towards fascism - the parallels between the Weimar developments
and those here in the United States are rather astonishing - I'll be
happy to elaborate on them if there is interest.

@_date: 1994-03-01 11:43:20
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: It's the philosophy, stupid! 
It's now quite a while since I promised to write something about how
the U.S. is starting to look more and more like the Weimar Republic
just before Hitler came to power.  However, I am simply out of band-
width, and will try to get away with recommending the book where I
first picked up this idea:
The book reveals the philosophical premises of today's Liberals *and*
Conservatives and shows how they would fit right into Weimar.  In the
end, Hitler was the man who promised to implement the ideals of both
the right (order, restraint of workers etc.) and the left (social
programs, restraint of businessmen.)  Both the Protestants and the
Catholics praised Hitler, for "increasing the moral standard" of
the country.
Finally, Ayn Rand's "Atlas Shrugged" is a novel which offers a
rather stunning commentary to the words of both Bush and Clinton.
Indeed, it was "Atlas Shrugged" which finally prompted me to abandon
the super-socialized Norway and move to the U.S.; and here I am
watching it grow ever-more statist. :-)   As for anyone already
aware of / curious about Rand's philosophy, Objectivism, I'll be
happy to (per email) answer questions, point them to discussion
lists and so on.
Frode Odegard

@_date: 1994-03-11 14:47:51
@_author: Frode Odegard 
@_subject: Re: ID Chips... 
Do you remember who the representative was?  (Or does anyone else?)  This
is good material to make sure the person does not get re-elected!
