
@_date: 1995-07-13 20:09:45
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Suing/Reputations (was: Root Causes) 
Correct, insofar as American jurisprudence is concerned (and a big hello
to all our friends in the rest of the world!).
A few citations, hopefully relevant:
"States and state officials acting officially are held not to be
'persons' subject to liability under 42 USCS section 1983." Wills v.
Michigan Dept. of State Police, 105 L.Ed. 2nd 45 (1989).
Title 42 of the United States Code is the section that describes
the process by which one may sue a government official. However:
"...an officer may be held liable in damages to any person injured in
consequence of a breach of any of the duties connected with his
office...The liability for nonfeasance, misfeasance, and for malfeasance
in office is in his 'individual', not his official capacity..." 70
AmJur2nd Sec. 50, VII Civil Liability.
So the trick is to sue the offender as an individual, and not as a
government official.
"A  plaintiff  who  seeks  damages for  violation  of  constitutional or
statutory   rights  may  overcome  the  defendant  official's  qualified
immunity  only by showing that those  rights were clearly established at
the time of the conduct at issue." Davis v. Scherer, 82 L.Ed.2d 139,151.
In summary: Failure to object timely is fatal. You must immediately let
someone know when they are violating your rights, and what the possible
penalties are, and give them the opportunity to stop, and be able to show
as evidence that they continued their actions despite your clear warning
of the consequences.
     Title 42 USC )1983:
     "Every   person  who,  under  color   of  any  statute,  ordinance,
regulation, custom, or usage, of any State or territory, or the District
of  Columbia, subjects,  or causes to  be subjected, any  citizen of the
United  States, or other person within  the jurisdiction thereof, to the
deprivation  of  any rights,  privileges, or  immunities secured  by the
Constitution  and laws,   shall  be liable  to the  party injured  in an
action at law, suit in equity or other proper proceedings for redress."
Notice that this statute recognizes that "statutes, ordinances, regulations
and customs" can violate your rights. Where they do so, it's up to you to
challenge the law's jurisdiction over you. Failure to challenge jurisdiction
at the first instance of a rights violation can be fatal to your case, and
will be seen as an admission that the law in question does indeed have lawful
jurisdiction over you.
     "To  maintain an action under  42 USC 1983, it  is not necessary to
allege or prove that the defendants intended to deprive plaintiff of his
Constitutional  rights or that they acted willfully, purposefully, or in
a  furtherance of a conspiracy.  . . it is  sufficient to establish that
the  deprivation. . . was the  natural consequences of defendants acting
under  color of law. . .  ."  Ethridge v. Rhodos,  DC Ohio 268 F Supp 83
(1967), Whirl v. Kern CA 5 Texas 407 F 2d 781 (1968)
     Further, United States Code, Title 18, section 242 provides for "one
or more persons who, under color of law, statute, ordinance, regulation,
or custom, willfully subjects any inhabitant of any state, territory, or
district to the deprivation of rights, privileges, or immunities secured
or protected by the Constitution or laws of the United States. . . shall
be  fined not more than  $1,000 or imprisoned not  more than one year or
both." This means you can sue for conspiracy if there's more than one
person involved, such as a magistrate acting in collusion with a police
officer. And you are able to sue them as individuals because:
"...an...officer who acts in violation of the Constitution ceases to
represent the government." Brookfield Co. v Stuart, (1964) 234 F. Supp
94, 99 (U.S.D.C., Wash.D.C.)
On a more relevant note:
Well, the Internet Advertisers Blacklist seems to be doing pretty well,
despite the obvious backlash by the likes of Marthe Siegel. The Idea
Futures market also seems to be doing a hot business. The recent focus
here on 'moderated' areas and whether the signal-to-noise ratio is worth
the added layer of 'authority' shows the need for individual choice.
I may choose to have person A forward me Cypherpunks excerpts, person B
specific rec.toys.lego postings, etc. Or I can use software (getting
better all the time) to act as an intelligent agent and find articles
for me. Or most likely, I'll use a combination of the two, and I suspect
most folks will choose this as well when they are made aware of the
respective advantages and disadvantages of each method.
In sum, "reputation markets" as Tim described are just starting to take
off. The need for strong security tools increases with it. What if some
big-name megacorp put up a page with all kinds of financial transaction
options - and suffered a mass boycott because they refused to use PGP?
If someone feels like creating an "Enemies of the Constitution" list, I'd
certainly be interested; even more so if there were competitors doing
similar projects.
Folks may think the pot's boiling now, but remember: We're the frogs
who, at the very least, know what's coming, even if we aren't able to
jump completely out. "Forwarned is forearmed." Every time government
does something stupid and outrageous, they piss off a few more people.
Mass disobedience (preferably nonviolent) will become more common, and
this is definitely a Good Thing.
(Blatant plug: My home page has links to both the Net Advertisers Blacklist
and the Idea Futures page, along with lots of other things. It's at:
All constructive comments are welcomed.)

@_date: 1995-07-18 16:48:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: SurfWatch for employees (ugh) 
I think there's a definite need here. If some obliging soul can "blow the
whistle" by posting to the net 1) Surfwatch's list of banned sites, and/or
2) the criteria Surfwatch uses when determining what sites to block, it
would certainly be beneficial. At the very least, it would allow everyone
to see what sort of information they believe is "harmful to minors".

@_date: 1995-07-19 17:19:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: 9th Amendment References 
You need LEXIS to look this up? Must have been published in one of
those legal journals that only the priests of the black robe are
allowed to subscribe to. :)
May I recommend Bennett B. Patterson: _The Forgotten Ninth Amendment: A Call
for Legislative and Judicial Recognition of Rights Under Social Conditions of
Today_. Originally published in 1955 by Bobbs-Merrill of Indianapolis and
authored by a member of the Texas Bar. Supposedly long out of print, the
master plates are rumored to have been destroyed. A reprinted edition was
being made available recently as part of a "9th Amendment Legal Defense Kit"
that a man named Conrad LeBeau was selling a few years ago (by all reports,
he was fighting the FDA with marginal success, since FDA jurisdiction is a
matter of contract law). At last report, you could reach Conrad at: Health
Freedom Reporter, PO Box 272, Hales Corner, WI, USA.
Another good one is Randy Barnett's _The Rights Retained by the People: The
History and Meaning of the Ninth Amendment_. The Web link at Book Stacks is:

@_date: 1995-07-21 18:42:27
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
Au contraire. I finally got the chance to use Netscape, and although I AM
impressed, I still prefer Lynx. Most folks will probably call this pointless
stubborness, elitism, I don't care. Graphics are too damn slow at any
speed and personally, I have no need (or desire) to have my net connection
slow to a snail's crawl just to make it "look nicer". Text mode looks just fine to me. It's the content that matters.

@_date: 1995-09-04 07:26:44
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Wearing RSA shirt to school 
"Printer's ink has been running a race against gunpowder these many, many
years. Ink is handicapped, in a way, because you can blow up a man with
gunpowder in half a second, while it may take twenty years to blow him up with a book. But the gunpowder destroys itself along with its victim, while
a book can keep on exploding for centuries."
  - Chistopher Morley, _The Haunted Bookshop_
Res ipsa loquitor.

@_date: 1995-09-19 19:10:33
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: WWW: Unabomber Manifesto 
The Unabomber Manifesto as published in the September 19th Washington Post Special Supplement is available in a slightly
HTML-ized version at
I welcome all comments on both the form and the content of this page.

@_date: 1995-09-27 00:12:22
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Lite 
I offer a similar service, with the following provisos:
 o There's no fee (unless you want to donate ecash)
 o No digest format available
 o Approximately the same statistics as Cpunks Lite (5-10% of
   all incoming messages, depending on content)
 o No archives of previous mailings available for public review
   to aid in consumer choice
I call it "Cpunks Frog Forwards". To be added or removed, send
a polite request to the human behind this address.

@_date: 1995-10-28 07:35:28
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: POINTER: The Money Laundromat 
J. Orlin Grabbe's essay, "The Money Laundromat", as published in the
November 1995 issue of Liberty, was sent to me via e-mail by someone
who prefers to remain anonymous. After checking for accuracy against
my own hard copy, I have posted it to the following Usenet newsgroups:
I will be making this article available on my Web page shortly as well.
The article covers both the threat and the promise of digicash, with
much detail devoted to electronic surveillance and financial tracking
via PROMIS software. This single paragraph summarizes rather well:
"...the coming battle over financial footprints is inevitable, and perhaps
inevitably bloody. But in the end it is the money laundering regulations that
will have to go. For one thing, advances in the technology of anonymity are
putting financial privacy within the reach of everyone. For another, there is
a growing awareness that the existing laundering statutes have little or no
effect on terrorism or drug-dealing, but instead are related to an upswing in
government-sponsored harassment of targeted political groups."

@_date: 1995-10-13 14:53:41
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks "Exposed" 
First, most of those on this list, rather easily discernible since most of
them make no attempt to conceal their views. Second, anyone who agrees
substantially that the universal deployment of strong cryptology tools will
increase individual freedom, and that this is desirable.
Since you're subscribed to this list, you can easily find out.
See a few web pages or FTP archives. "L. Detweiler's" page has plenty of
links to other places, although there are a few things I'd like him to
clarify (see below).
Tim May says there are none. LD repeatedly contends that May, and anyone else
who agrees with his statement, are either ignorant or deliberately lying. (By
virtue of this post, I'm sure I'm now on this list.) Neal Stephenson's *The
Diamond Age* description of "CryptNet" is remarkably similar to this whole
situation. I wonder if Neal used any aspects of the LD "phenomenon" as a
template. (Aside: If you haven't yet read Diamond Age, do so immediately. My
highest possible rating.)
See above. But individuals always differ.
Why don't you join the guild, get your barcode tattoo and find out?
Ulterior? I'd say it's right out in the open. The statists want the state to
have power over the individual. Most people on this list believe this would
be bad. Both are pretty well "represented" by a number of outspoken, public
individuals. It's reassuring to see the number of computer industry pros and
average folks alike who don't buy into the claim that freedom can be
preserved by outlawing it... or the equally likely claim that freedom itself
is bad, and people who advocate it are evil, right up there with violent
criminals (but see how many people who make these statements also advocate
"might makes right" rule of force by the creation and enforcement of coercive
laws, and the mass robbery of as many people as possible?). Best that these
people be as open and outspoken as those they disagree with, the better to
know their methods and goals.
I have, and I quote therefrom further below.
Now that's blatant advertising. Where were you when all these so-called
"journalists" descended on the net, desperately searching for people who
would tell them the Internet was a festering pool of child molesting, money
laundering slime? Will we soon see you defending organizations like FinCEN?
Perhaps if you were less pompous and self-aggrandizing in your presentation,
people would be more willing to seriously entertain your ideas. Anyway, for
those who wish to browse
go ahead, and make up your own mind. Your page doesn't have a mailto:
button, Lance. But I figured this was perfectly appropriate for public
consumption anyway:
The rest I'll let pass, but why is Raph an "outsider"? And what is "inside"?
Does agreeing with the above statements I've generalized make one "inside"?

@_date: 1995-11-07 12:00:44
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: DejaNews all over again 
My two cents: I've used Dejanews for almost a month now, and have been
consistently impressed with the results. The uses are many; the danger,
as others have noted, is that people forget (or never realize in the
first place) that you should never post anything to Usenet that you
wouldn't want to see plastered on the evening news.
Having said that, I'm greatly looking forward to the impending addition
of the alt.* groups to their archives. Everyone is indeed a Kibo now,
and the general public has become more aware of the need for reputations
as a result.
   ..for the best in unapproved information
  EmmaGoldmanCamillePagliaMarieCurieAynRandSapphoDianaToriAmosPJHarvey&Demona
 Living in dread with your fragile brain and the executioner's got your number
 I feel a groove comin' on                              Freedom...yeah, right.

@_date: 1995-12-15 22:57:41
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
My untrained brain sees two problems with this:
1) Cellular systems are inherently less secure than standard telephones,
as anyone who can afford a decent scanner can listen to your conversations
at will.
2) You're relying on someone other than yourself to protect your security,
which is always a bad idea. Cellular carriers, Ma Bell, anyone. Does anyone
on this list really believe that representatives of these organizations
would think twice about bending over and spewing out everything they know
about you? They do it all the time, without your permission and without
valid court orders.

@_date: 1995-12-16 11:57:56
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
I'm not familiar with this aspect - how do cellular services store and
make use of billing information, as opposed to traditional phone services?
Is this obligation incurred by the contract between the customer and the
cellular service, by statute, or otherwise? Contracts can always be
broken, and passing laws to guard the guardians generally amounts to
having the fox guard the henhouse...
This seems par for the course - the rise of ESS sounded the death knell for
traditional blue boxing. Conversion to digital makes everything easier,
including tracing. Therefore, it behooves us to recognize good and bad
aspects of technology, the better to "take what you can use, and let the
rest go by." (Ken Kesey)
(Whatever happened to Apple's bid to give away a huge chunk of the bandwidth
spectrum? Did the FCC ever get around to addressing their request? As Bill
Frezza said, *that* took cojones...)

@_date: 1995-12-10 17:27:21
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: [NOISE] REQ: "Markov" filter as recently posted in .shar form 
Apologies, but I already tried all standard net searches on this. Someone
recently posted a .shar archive for a program called Markov, which filters
input Usenet posts and outputs a reasonable facsimile of that person's
"style". (It was posted in one of the "Alice" threads, in response to the
claim that posting styles could be a unique form of identification.) I
also looked on the archives at hks.net, but had no luck there. If some
kind person will post it again, I'll give it a home on my page of WWW
resources. I have the binary, and am impressed and amused enough to keep
it for regular use.. anyone for alt.usenet.kooks.markov?

@_date: 1996-01-28 14:57:48
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: German service cuts Net access 
To momentarily flog a dead horse, banning content only makes it more
desirable. Fortunately, the economic aspect doesn't seem to hold true
for now; i.e., when real world objects are banned, they become more
expensive to access (cf. the artificially inflated prices of heroin,
cocaine, LSD, etc). Information, OTOH, so far does not seem subject
to this cause-and-effect rule. Italics: So Far. The less regulated
and more diverse the net becomes, the more the relative prices for
commodities (disk space, CPU cycles, bandwidth) will accurately
reflect their "true" value at any given moment. Anyway, my original
point was just to remind everyone of what they should already know:
namely, that people may not care about not doing something until
they are told that they cannot, at which point they will move heaven
and earth to Do the Deed. Statists (and a lot of child psychologists)
call it "obstinate" or "defiant". ObAside: If you haven't yet, read
the latest DSM (the holy writ of the so-called "mental health"
profession). Ugly stuff. Who is allowed to define "normal"? Who profits
from the creation of such definitions and labelling of individuals?

@_date: 1996-01-29 10:21:54
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: The Unintended Consequences of Suppression 
[visit behind curtain at the now-crowded-and-popular Nazi web-parlor]
On my Beginnings of Freedom page, I've had links to some similar sites
for a while now:
Banned Media and Organizations List
The Coming Fall of the American Empire
I keep them around as examples of laughable assumptions that shrivel at
the slightest sign of daylight. If I don't keep an eye on folks who espouse
bad ideas, they're more likely to pose a threat to me at some point in the
future; I'd rather know exactly what they believe, and what they want, and
how they hope to accomplish it, the better to protect myself and possibly
work against them in some manner. (It'll probably get worse; I don't see
David Brin's vision in _Earth_ of "every man a spy/Boy Scout/Neighborhood
Watcher" as being that far-fetched. And that's the least possible evil.. :-S
 ...for the best in unapproved information
"We think people like seeing somebody in a uniform on the porch."  -US Postal
spokeswoman, quoted in AP 1/27/96. I don't know about you, but the only folks
I know who'd enjoy seeing someone in uniform on their porch are leathermen...

@_date: 1996-02-11 03:51:57
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: WEB: Heterodoxy Bashes MIT and Internet 
Very little cpunk relevance. I bash Heterodoxy for bashing MIT and the
Internet at
Also available at alt.wired and talk.politics.libertarian.

@_date: 1996-03-03 01:13:36
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: PARTY PICTURES! 
Unfortunately, the images are all inlined, making it impossible for text
browsers to view them. Cross-platform compatibility, indeed. All the
compatibility in the world won't help you if you don't use the features.

@_date: 1996-03-11 03:42:45
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Petty Civil Disobedience 
Not much crypto relevance, but the CDA has had much more effect than we may
realize at first. I regularly read about 25 newsgroups with an extremely wide
range of subject matter, and over the last few weeks I have seen literally
hundreds of people with things in their .sigs like, "Please excuse this CDA-
required obscenity: FUCK."
Victimless crime laws (more accurately, "consensual crime laws") have this as
their primary effect, I've found, especially when the "crime" in question is
especially petty or harmless to others. When the public is treated like a
child, it will start acting more like one. The greater the penalty for any
transgressions, the more people will start transgressing. Naturally, this
doesn't mean a whole hell of a lot in the big picture -- as James Donald has
said, if just one out of a hundred tax serfs picked up their gun and said,
"I ain't payin'," the IRS would collapse. This hasn't happened because most
people aren't into civil disobedience -- or rather, NOT WHEN THEY FEEL THE
RISK IS TOO GREAT. But if they perceive little or no risk, they will happily
break the law regularly and openly, making no attempt to conceal their
activities. Childish, because there are far more meaningful laws they could
be ignoring. But the first reaction of a child when it's told it can't do
something is to go out and do it.
Obviously, very few people feel truly threatened by CDA penalties.

@_date: 1996-03-12 13:50:07
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Noise levels 
Once again I'd like to remind everyone that I run a customized filtering
service that drops off a single message in your inbox every day or two,
consisting of what I deem to be the most entertaining and informative posts.
I also remove any non-topical rants that don't include useful information.
This way, your overworked mail filters will never again have to deal with
the Perry and Tim show.
To subscribe, send a polite message to the human behind this address.

@_date: 1996-03-21 05:29:00
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: A MODEST PROPOSAL 
What the hell; it can't be any worse than being on Demopublican
mailing lists. Sign me an offended customer.
The word "gaijin" literally means "foreign person". Many Westerners like to
think that the Japanese use it in the same way as the Grand Dragon of the Ku
Klux Klan uses "nigger", but it ain't really true. They use it when they mean
"nigger", but they also sometimes use it to mean "honorable nigger".
 - Bill Lambert in soc.couples.intercultural

@_date: 1996-04-22 08:22:51
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Important new web site discusses risks of loss of domain names 
[Original article has been snipped to save space. The report will probably
be of particular interest to anarcho-capitalists, extropians, and other
followers of polylegal systems.]
Newsgroups: misc.news.internet.announce
Three graduate students at the George Washington University Law School (David Pauker, Stacey Halpern, and Jonathan Agmon) have prepared what is surely the definitive and comprehensive resource covering Internet domain name disputes provided, appropriately enough, in the form of a topic-specific web site.  The site, called "What's in a Name?", is located at .
*Who should visit this site*
For anybody who has a domain name ending in COM, ORG, GOV, EDU, or NET, this site is a must-read.  It illustrates vividly how vulnerable any domain name owner is to loss of a domain name on just 30 days' notice, without any of the usual legal safeguards against loss of a valuable property right.
*What's there*
It will be apparent to any visitor that the "What's in a Name?" web site is the result of a prodigious amount of effort.  The authors have drawn together nearly everything about the twenty-five publicly known domain name disputes, and provide a synopsis of each dispute as well as links to further information about them.  (Because Network Solutions Inc. (NSI) conducts its decisionmaking process regarding domain name disputes in secret, one can only speculate how many other domain name disputes have arisen and how NSI decided the disputes.  The authors can't be blamed for not knowing about all of the dispute decisions that NSI has made.)
The authors go on to provide helpful background to trademarks and domain names, they discuss in detail the present NSI domain name policy, and they review a number of proposed replacements for the present flawed NSI policy.
As counsel for Roadrunner Computer Systems Inc. in its lawsuit against NSI, I was particularly interested in the authors' comments on the present NSI policy, for example:
"In the United States, NSI's Dispute Resolution Policy does not take account of common law or state registered trademarks, unfair business practices, dilution, or conflicts with even well known marks.
"NSI's Dispute Resolution Policy is an imposed contract predicated on unequal bargaining power, failing to provide a proper mechanism for adjudicating disputes. "NSI, a private company, is acting in a quasi-judicial manner with limited mechanisms for judicial review."
frogfarm   free market anarchist, natural law advocate,
 s..O).... You hit the smurf! --More--         male, lesbian, polyamorous,
  You destroy the smurf! --More--       reader, atheist, chaotic,
 $$*...].. You feel cynical!         free and natural sovereign individual

@_date: 1996-04-22 11:40:50
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Scientology harassing anon.penet.fi again! 
I'm sure within hours of reading this message, you'll be inundated with
requests to have Phil "send me the stuff and I'll post it". The net is
full of people to whom a letter from Helena Kobrin [CoS attorney] is
like a Medal of Honor, who would be happy to relieve Phil of liability
by posting the material themselves.

@_date: 1996-06-15 15:36:21
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: WEB: Child molester database 
Along with the arms trafficker page, now we have a "child molester
Deadbeat Dads, Drug Dealers and more, coming soon according to blurb.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
"We think people like seeing somebody in a uniform on the porch."  -US Postal
spokeswoman, quoted in AP, 1/27/96. I don't know about you, but most people I
know who saw someone in uniform on their porch would pull out the shotgun...

@_date: 1996-06-21 16:33:05
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Bal's PKS; pgp.net? 
In addition to Bal's public key server being unavailable...
 yields University of Paderborn's Mathematics department in
Germany, with a link to a page in English which currently doesn't exist.
The word "gaijin" literally means "foreign person". Many Westerners like to
think that the Japanese use it in the same way as the Grand Dragon of the Ku
Klux Klan uses "nigger", but it ain't really true. They use it when they mean
"nigger", but they also sometimes use it to mean "honorable nigger".
 - Bill Lambert in soc.couples.intercultural

@_date: 1996-07-02 13:30:32
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Cookie problem here , cookie problem there ... 
[Given the recent upset here regarding cookies, of which I only have the
most cursory knowledge, I hope some will find this tidbit of use.]
Newsgroups: comp.infosystems.
Lines: 28
In article <4r8m92$4u
-} -} >You can disable the warnings, you cannot disable the cookies. I am -} >cancelling every cookie I encounter (I usually avoid sites heavy -} >with cookies), reason - I hate invasion of privacy and in particular, -} >junk email from direct marketing. -} -} -} I completely agree with your sentiment, by the way. I'm planning to
-} add an editorial to an online magazine I'm beginning. The article will
-} be full of server-side includes to demonstrate to the person reading
-} it that Big Brother definitely is watching.
I don't have any connection with these guys, except that I use
their software.  Check out  and the Internet Fast
Forward netscape plugin for Windows.  It can selectively filter
cookie transmissions to web servers as well as some other very
cool stuff like filter out unwanted images, including but not
limited to advertisements.  You will be amazed how much more
information you can get on your screen when you filter out the
useless images, like the one netscape puts at the top of their
home page.

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:58:32
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) krypt13i.zip Enkryptonator: Homonymous key encryption system, R. Newton 
[Anyone know more about this one? "Homonymous" in this context sounds a
tad oily.]
Newsgroups: comp.archives.msdos.announce
Lines: 82
Thank you for your contribution. This upload is now available as
 60605 Jul 2 22:10 ftp://garbo.uwasa.fi/pc/crypt/krypt13i.zip
: Date: Sun, 14 Jul 1996 15:10:55 -0500
: From: enkrypt (Enkryptonator)
: To: pc-up
: Subject: krypt13i.zip Homonymous key encryption uploaded
: : I mailed a previous Email today, but it contained a typo in the file name
: uploaded.
: this message contains no such typo.
: : File name:
:            KRYPT13i.ZIP
:                       Enkryptonator: Homonymous key encryption system.
: Replaces:
:         KRYPT12.ZIP
: Suggested Garbo directory:
:         crypt
: Uploader name & email:
:         Richard Newton, enkrypt
: Author or author company:
:         Richard Newton
: Email address:
:         enkrypt
: Surface address:
:         Box 866292 Plano Tx 75086 USA.
: Special requirements:
:         Developed on MS-DOS 386 platform.
:         Math co-processor recommended, but not required.
: Shareware payment required from private users:
:         Yes, but not from students.
: Shareware payment required from corporates:
:         Yes.
: Distribution limitations:
:         None
: Garbo CD-ROM distribution allowed without extra preconditions:
:         Yes.
: Demo:
:         No.
: Nagware:
:         No, Displays none of the behavior described in your
:         instructions.
: Self-documenting:
:         Yes.
: External documentation included:
:         Yes, about 70Kb (unzipped).
: Source included:
:         No.
: Size:
:         60kb zipped.
: 10 lines description:
: : Enkryptonator is a newly developed encryption system based on the
: principles of homonymous key cryptography invented by Enkryptonator Co.
: Homonymous key systems are an exiciting, new breakthrough, that solve
: the 'key management' problem without resorting to 'public key'
: cryptography. No more unwieldy, impossible to remember, binary keys.
: Enkryptonator is easy to use.  Because of Enkryptonator's unique design
: no one who intercepts your encryption in an unauthorized manner can
: decrypt your file -- even if he knows the key of encryption! Everyone
: has a right to privacy and Enkryptonator will provide you a means of
: securing your personal and private concerns from unwanted intruders.
: : Long description:
: : This is the 1.3 International Shareware version of Enkryptonator.
: The international version will only allow a single key of encryption
: in order prevent running a-foul of US export control regulations on
: the export of encryption technology.
: : Version 1.3 introduces a 5% speed improvement and minor changes in
: messaging.  Version 1.3 is incompatible with version 1.2 and version
: 1.1.  These are the only code changes.  The most significant reason for
: releasing 1.3 is to provide users with more comprehensive and updated
: user documentation.
Mika Koykka, mjk   Moderating at garbo.uwasa.fi  FTP archives
Computer Centre, University of Vaasa,  Box 700, FIN-65101 Finland
"Your wish is my command, if you know what's good for you, bitch."
  - William Shakespeare
(Or perhaps it was his brother Fred who said that.)

@_date: 1996-07-16 22:11:20
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Surf-filter lists 
Vlad: How can consumers make an informed decision as to which filter
they wish to purchase, if they are not told exactly what information
each product is filtering out?
Meeks et al may be guilty of flamboyant, emotionalistic prose, but I
find the concept that the public is expected to buy various filters
without knowing what they filter...frankly, ridiculous.
"Your wish is my command, if you know what's good for you, bitch."
  - William Shakespeare
(Or perhaps it was his brother Fred who said that.)

@_date: 1996-07-29 23:28:35
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Terrorists are adult Kids? 
"There are, in my opinion, three terrible ages of childhood -- one to
ten, ten to twenty, and twenty to thirty. And whatever age they are,
there are very few of them who are not careless and nowadays, at least
from my observation, are likely to remain so until they are
thirty and perhaps longer."
  -Cleveland Amory, _The Best Cat Ever_
As an aside, I read an article on a home-schooling web page that put
forth the theory that "teenagers" didn't really exist as a concept
until comparatively recently - you were either a child or an adult,
and "teenager" is a rather socially (and individually) destructive
idea that came about in this latter half of the 20th century, leading
to increased irresponsibility and a "childhood that never ends."
 in his third childhood.
 (and I thought most people were lucky to have a second...)
 ...for the best in unapproved information
"We think people like seeing somebody in a uniform on the porch."  -US Postal
spokeswoman, quoted in AP, 1/27/96. I don't know about you, but most people I
know who saw someone in uniform on their porch would pull out the shotgun...

@_date: 1996-07-30 09:54:47
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Parsing JYA; now others? 
Say, Duncan - you can do John Young, but can you make any sense of this?
Newsgroups: news.admin.net-abuse.misc,news.admin.misc
Organization: The Mighty Psyclone - Gonna Blow Yer Mind
Lines: 56
References: <4t59aq$3n0
Reply-To: doghead
NNTP-Posting-Host: 156.46.104.253
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent .99e/32.227
On Wed, 24 Jul 96 13:41:28 GMT, tonyb(remove this garbage to email
Farflung was the offense, easy is the time spent drinking salad
dressing.  Christian Dior, well-known parking ticket, adds his pickle
Wendigo spake in gruff pebbles, like unto a Timex!  Reginald Denny
left the room with scanners on full auto.
Freedom, paged in 4k chunks, permeates UDP.  There never was a
governor.  The double nickle blowed up good.
Approved for your convenience, in sterile jello molds.  The Lawnboy
nods assent.
The sun, a gaseous ball of tomato paste and model trains, is lost
among clouds of thankfullness.
OJ Simpson skirvined the net and was clarified.  When failed and not
sanguine, there was no response to the 'sturm und drang.'
Response time is minimal.  Lost among oceans of billiard balls made of
styrofoam - tiny marmots build complicated nests of velveeta.

@_date: 1996-08-23 10:36:50
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) ANNOUNCE: Free Little PGP Credit Card App 
Newsgroups: comp.infosystems.
Organization: Datamax Research corp.
Lines: 10
v2.08 of the iWinpak Internet Payment System is now available in
both freeware and shareware versions at

@_date: 1996-09-01 07:43:52
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: SNAKEOIL? Top Secret for Windows 
Newsgroups: comp.archives.ms-windows.announce
I have uploaded to Simtel.Net:
ftp://ftp.simtel.net/pub/simtelnet/win3/security/tsecret.zip     12070 bytes
tsecret.zip     TOPSECRET!: Easily encrypts any file
TOPSECRET is a program to encrypt your sensitive files.  This program
does not use the RSA standard (which is restricted for export).  This
program uses the aid of a "Catalyst" file (which can be any file) to
encrypt another file (any file).  The Catalyst acts as a key to code and
decode your sensitive files.  Of course you can even make your own
catalyst by encrypting one file with another.  A periodically changing
Catalyst can be made by combining 1-Registered mail file 2-Courier file
3-Last message file; This would ensure high security for the transmission
of your sensitive files.I am sure you will come up with your own methods.
Shareware.  Uploaded by the author.
Siva Krishna

@_date: 1996-09-02 13:36:10
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: It is good that anon.penet.fi has been closed! 
I've put up a list of remailer front ends, sorted by platform, at
I welcome all additions. Right now, I have links to Private Idaho (Windows),
Yet Another NewsWatcher (Mac), and PGPMR/2 for OS/2 (requires MailReader/2).
Nym servers and cpunk remailers are poised to take off, if those who wish to
use them are capable of learning. The rest of us can either try to teach 'em
in a non-condescending manner, or continue to work on front end utilities.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
"We think people like seeing somebody in a uniform on the porch."  -US Postal
spokeswoman, quoted in AP 1/27/96. I don't know about you, but the only folks
I know who'd enjoy seeing someone in uniform on their porch are leathermen...

@_date: 1996-09-03 01:05:42
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
And all these would certainly be excellent reasons to denounce her as an
enemy of liberty, now wouldn't they.
[CIA snip]
So what's wrong with her being an Evil Capitalist(tm) again?
 ...for the best in unapproved information
"We think people like seeing somebody in a uniform on the porch."  -US Postal
spokeswoman, quoted in AP, 1/27/96. I don't know about you, but most people I
know who saw someone in uniform on their porch would pull out the shotgun...

@_date: 1996-09-04 23:54:43
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Workers of the Web, UNITE! 
*This* sub-"minimum wage" worker does NOT want any "help" from unions, and
will resist any and all attempts to forcibly induct him into one. I love
how if I'm lucky and/or skilled enough to become a "boss", I am suddenly
become EEEEvil in their eyes. Fuck 'em.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
      Hey, Bill Clinton: You suck, and those boys died! I hope you die!
 I feel a groove comin' on             $              Freedom...yeah, right.

@_date: 1996-09-05 00:03:27
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Voting Monarchist? 
Would some kind soul out there be willing to instruct a novice in the
mysteries of procmail? I've finally decided to start killfiling my mail
as well as my news.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
      Hey, Bill Clinton: You suck, and those boys died! I hope you die!
 I feel a groove comin' on             $              Freedom...yeah, right.

@_date: 1996-09-07 14:11:02
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
This is utter horseshit. AOL, like any private individual or organization,
has the right to refuse service to anyone at any time for any reason, or
even for no reason at all. The gubmint isn't doing SQUAT, except forcing
AOL to allow the spammers access.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
      Hey, Bill Clinton: You suck, and those boys died! I hope you die!
 I feel a groove comin' on             $              Freedom...yeah, right.

@_date: 1996-09-08 00:00:58
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
I've never looked at the AOL terms of service. I imagine they are rewriting
them even as we speak. If enough people get pissed that the contract was
changed, they'll leave. I'm sure most folks won't give a damn. It may set a
bad precedent, but somehow I doubt AOL is going to start changing their
contract whenever it suits them simply to piss off customers. What they're
doing now, they're doing in order to remain on good terms with the rest of
the net.
"Spamming" is often a subjective term: Like "porn", we know it when we see
it. Which makes it crucial that people make up their own minds about it,
without gubmint interference. Some ISP's will tolerate spammers, others
won't. The ones that do will face an uphill battle, and possible eventual
Usenet Death Penalty if the spam is thick enough.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
why the dancing shouting   why the shrieks of pain  the lovely music  why the
smell of burning autumn leaves     working on the tiny blueprint of the angle
I must be silent must contain my secret smile  you my mirror you my iron bars

@_date: 1996-09-08 00:23:09
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
Perhaps that analogy held when the Internet was supported with money taken
at gunpoint from all us tax serfs. No more - you wanna play, you gotta pay.
Which is as it should be.
 >Unlike the people who donate their time and
If their business suffers because of a decision, they may reconsider that
decision. If they don't, they'll either survive, or they won't, depending
on if their customers will stand for it. I fail to see why charging money
for the services one provides suddenly transforms a person into a slave,
forced to provide service even if they do not wish to do so. Do you feel
that providing a service for free is more "noble", somehow, and therefore
more "worthy" of protection?
Who is going to "fire" a company that provides a service? The gubmint is
your only alternative; the gun of the law, your only tool.
If you don't like your ISP, get a different one. Spammers do it all the
time. People are whining all over the place about "exercising arbitrary
rights", as if it were eeeeevil when companies do it. Get a grip. It's
called DISCRIMINATION, and it's not a bad word; it's just been corrupted
beyond belief by the PC mindset. When I discriminate, I am exercising my
taste, my judgment, in deciding who I wish to associate with; who I wish
to give my money to in exchange for services; who I trust, and who I do
not. If a company kicks a spammer off their system, what recourse do you
want them to have, other than their right to "vote with their feet" and
find a different provider? It seems you would find it favorable for them
to go whining to the gubmint: "Waaah! He kicked us out of his treehouse!
You go beat 'em up and make 'em take us back!"
If they can seize John Adams' yacht, they can seize your beat-up old car.
If they can force XYZ Corp to provide access, they can force anyone to
do anything, and there is no grounds for complaint. After all, universal
access must be provided! A chicken in every pot, and a router in every
garage! Right?
Because only the gummint can "censor". Whatever anyone else does is NOT
censorship, unless you want to redefine words to suit your pleasure. It
is exercising judgment and taste. Whether you find that judgment acceptable
or not is not an excuse to impose your judgment on others at gunpoint.
Pot. Kettle. Black.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
why the dancing shouting   why the shrieks of pain  the lovely music  why the
smell of burning autumn leaves     working on the tiny blueprint of the angle
I must be silent must contain my secret smile  you my mirror you my iron bars

@_date: 1996-09-08 09:53:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
It may be because until the 14th amendment incorporated the BoR against
the states, only individuals enjoyed its protections -- the Slaughterhouse
cases extended the BoR to corporations. Or it may just be that CyberPromo
knew they probably didn't have a leg to stand on when it came to the BoR,
and decided to try a safer tack.
Agreed. Regardless of the outcome, this is a case to watch.
 ...for the best in unapproved information
      Hey, Bill Clinton: You suck, and those boys died! I hope you die!
 I feel a groove comin' on             $              Freedom...yeah, right.

@_date: 1996-09-09 10:52:44
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
Aren't spammers customers, by definition? If so, they have just as much
right to bring suit as any other customer. Less moral justification, yes,
but an equal standing in the law's eyes.
I let go of the law, and people become honest / I let go of economics, and
people become prosperous / I let go of religion, and people become serene /
I let go of all desire for the common good, and the good becomes common as
grass.   .oOo.    [Tao Te Ching, Chapter 57, Stephen Mitchell translation]

@_date: 1996-09-20 10:51:04
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Strange telephone call 
Newsgroups: alt.folklore.urban,alt.pagan,alt.revenge,alt.snowmobiles,ga.forsale,ga.general,misc.consumers.frugal-living,misc.rural
Organization: Tanglewood Farm
Lines: 59
This message is being cross posted to several groups that I read in an
effort to find an answer to my questions.  Please email replies, not
all posts make it to my server.  If you must answer on the net, please
trim headers.
Okay, this is the story.  I just received a strange telephone call.
My caller ID system shows only 'OUT_OF_AREA-----000-----'.  The female
voice claimed to be taking a survey for the Department of Defense and
that she was acting as a representative of my government.  She did not
say US Government or State Government, just 'your government'.  When I said that there was no way for me to verify she was what she
claimed, she gave me a business name, supervisor's name and an 800
telephone number.  She claimed this survey had to do with a Department
of Defense program named 'YATS' and told me that if my household did
not qualify, then our telephone number would be removed from the
calling list.  She then ask the same question three different ways.
The question was 'Is there anyone in your household between the ages
of 16 and 24?'.  When I said no for the third time, she said we did
not qualify and hung up.
So here are my questions.
Was this a legitimate call?  The government should already know
exactly how many people are in my household.  It is on my tax forms
every year and many other places.
Why would any government office or representative of a government
office be making cold calls to unknown telephone numbers for any kind
of survey?
Who or what is 'Westat'?  This is the name of the company this woman
supposedly represented.
The telephone number given to me is 1-800-638-8778.  The same woman
answered it as called me.  Seems like a company doing a survey for the
government would have more than one employee.  Her supervisor's name
is Chris Martin.  Is she Chris Martin?  In a single person office, I
guess you would be your own supervisor.  The woman never gave her
personal name.
This survey was supposed to be for the Department of Defense for a
program named 'YATS'.  What is YATS?
My biggest question is, Is this a new face on an old scam?  Instead of
posing as the local fire department looking for donations, are the
scam-artist now posing as the government?  What a way to case a home
in preparation for theft or running yet another scam of questionable
legality.  Yes, I am a very suspicious person.  I have seen too many
scams being run.
Thank you for taking the time to read this.  Please answer by email.
Please trim headers if answering on the net.  Thank you.
Any significantly advanced scam          vandy is indistinguishable from religion.                           Georgia, USA

@_date: 1996-09-20 10:52:10
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Strange telephone call 
Newsgroups: misc.consumers.frugal-living
Organization: NSTN
Lines: 159
X-No-Archive: Yes
I did an Altavista search on Westat with these results:
1.) Westat's Internet site
2.) A document from the DEFENCE LOGISTICS AGENCY on YATS
I guess that phone call wasn't a scam after all...
BTW, whenever in doubt, just run your Internet browser and use the
search engines. You'll be amazed at how much info you can get by just
typing in a word or two.
1.) Quoted from Westat's home page (
An Employee-Owned Research Corporation
Welcome to Westat Westat is an employee-owned corporation
headquartered in the greater Washington, DC,
metropolitan area. We conduct surveys and provide
statistical research and related services to the agencies
of the U.S. Government and a broad range of institutional
and business clients. Our diverse staff of 800 enables us
to assemble project teams to meet the challenges of
complex research projects. With a more than 30-year
history of technical and managerial excellence, Westat
has emerged as one of the foremost statistical research
and evaluation organizations in the United States. Additional Information about Westat:     Research Capabilities     Program Areas     Employee Ownership     How to Contact Westat     Opportunities for Systems Professionals     Statistical Software (WesVarPC) Last Modified: May 14, 1996 Site comments or problems: Webmaster Please note: Pages at this site have been designed for viewing with
Netscape 1.1X Navigator using monitors displaying at least 256
colors. Use of a different HTML viewer or a display with less than 256
colors may result in the loss of page layout information and/or poor
quality images. 2.) Document on 'YATS' (the following lines as they appeared on
Altavista's search)
No Title
    May 1, 1996. DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY. Environmental Research
Institute of Michigan, Ann Arbor, Michigan, is being awarded an
estimated $44,425,774...   - size
8K - 29 May 96
Westat, Incorporated, Rockville, Maryland, is being awarded a $1,630,647
increment as part
of a $15,155,183 firm fixed price contract for a Communications
Enlistment Decisions - Youth
Attitude Tracking Study (YATS). This effort requires the contractor to
administer half-hour
computer assisted telephone interviews (CATIs) in an annual survey of
10,000 16-24 year-old
men and women that evaluates their attitudes toward the military. The
purpose of this survey
is to provide the Armed Services with market data that enables them to
more accurately target
advertising and recruiting activities to appeal to potential recruit
populations. The project
includes design and selection of the sample, modification of the survey
questionnaire administration, compilation and weighting of the data,
production of preliminary
and public use data tapes and preparation of documentation and
analytical reports. Work will
be performed in Rockville, Maryland, and is expected to be completed by
July 31, 2001.
Contract funds will not expire at the end of the current fiscal year.
There were 45 bids solicited
on January 26, 1996, and two bids received. The contracting activity is
the Defense Supply
Service-Washington, Washington, D.C. (DASW01-96-C-0041).

@_date: 1996-11-18 06:37:40
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Cpunks Frog Forwards discontinuation 
I will be discontinuing my "Cpunks Frog Forwards" filtering service within
one week of the announcement of Perry Metzger's new crypto list, and possibly
sooner if my patience runs out, because 1) I have too many other things to
take care of in my life, 2) there really isn't as great a need for it anymore
due to the number and variety of other filtering services, and 3) my sanity
is being stretched to its limits having to wade through the mountains of
bullshit that now infest my inbox, even with procmail's kindly assistance.
Perry was right: Cypherpunks has become a sewer. As Robert Anton Wilson said,
"Only a sewer accepts everything."
Here is a list of the other filtering services I am currently aware of:
 o Alan Clegg runs an UNMODERATED cypherpunks digest, which only reduces the
   the volume of separate messages. Subscribe by mailing to
    majordomo
    (Standard majordomo list -- send "help" in the body for information.)
 o Eric Blossom runs a commercial "Cypherpunks Lite" for a modest fee,
   approximately 20.00US/year. Mail eb for more info. For a
   sample, read the archive at
   ftp://ftp.crl.com/users/co/comsec/cp-lite
 o Ray Arachelian runs a free filtering service, sticking mostly to news
   and technical stuff with a few other tidbits thrown in. Mail
   sunder
   for more info, or to be added.
See you all on the other side.
"Cypherpunks write code."
I let go of the law, and people become honest /  I let go of economics, and
people become prosperous / I let go of religion, and people become serene /
I let go of all desire for the common good,  and the good becomes common as
grass.    .oOo.    [Tao Te Ching, Chapter 57, Stephen Mitchell translation]

@_date: 1997-01-24 15:29:20
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: PGP implementation source code 
[The discussion started with Pretty Safe Mail, the recent "PGP-compatible"
Mac program, and whether or not it was safe. Source code is not available.
Some authors noted that PSM was much slower than PGP, but so far lives up
to its promise of user-friendliness. A Win95 version is in the works.]
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.discuss,comp.security.pgp.resources
Lines: 66
In article <5c2kap$1tu
The IDEA initialisation vector could also be used as a subliminal channel,
it is only 8 bytes but it could (for example) leak a random 60 bits of one
prime in your secret key with the remain 4 bits saying which set of 60
bits. Worse is the possibility that the program could put a back door into RSA
key generation to make the modulus trivially factorisable by someone in the
know.  There are a number of mechanisms for this of varying detectability
up to detectable only by reverse-engineering.
Here are some of the (endless) possibilities in order of increasing
1) Make one of the primes a constant.  Factorise by dividing by this
number.  Detectable by inspection of public keys alone.  (For more details,
see my article "There are no common factors in the Public keyring", 13th
Jan in comp.security.pgp.announce.)
2) Select the first prime P at random but make second prime Q the smallest
prime larger than PK where K is a constant.  Factorise by searching from
root(N/K).  Probably detectable by suitable inspection of several secret
keys generated by the product, but (I think) undetectable from public keys
3) Select a random seed and using a good PRNG, make the rest of generation
process deterministic based on the seed.  Use the "deadbeef" technique to
select a modulus that has this seed as its least significant bytes. Factorise by extracting the seed from the modulus and repeating the
deterministic key generation.  This is detectable only by reverse
4) Select a random seed and use a short key PKE key exchange system (e.g.
Elliptic curve) to generate a session key and a key exchange cyphertext. Use a key generation similar to (3) except that you seed the PRNG with the
session key and deadbeef to make a key ending in the key exchange
cyphertext.  Factorise by extracting and decrypting the session key (requires a secret
key), and repeating the key generation.  Again this is only detectable by
reverse engineering, but even after executing the reverse engineering you
still cannot factor the keys generated because the program only contains
the public key not the secret key.
Method (4) is an interesting example of a "locked back-door".  There is
often an unstated assumption that back-doors have to be open.  i.e. If you
can find them you can get in.  It isn't always true.  Whereas it seems
intuitively unlikely, it is not inconceivable that there is a way of
putting a locked back-door into some forms of Feistel ciphers.  The NSA
would have been reluctant to put an open back-door into DES, but they would
not have hesitated to put in a locked back-door.  In my opinion the only
safe assumption is that they could and they did.
In cryptography you shouldn't trust your intuition, code with source or
unexplained algorithm components.
Ian_Miller    FAI-D10204
PGP key 1024/FCE97719 FP: 2A 20 46 10 E5 96 27 40  91 B1 95 BA CA D3 BC 14
Antworten auf Deutsch waeren mir angenehm.

@_date: 1997-01-24 16:10:56
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) New keyserver available 
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.tech
Lines: 12
A new PGP keyserver, still _very_ experimental, is available at
host dslab1.cs.uit.no at port 24162, use telnet(1).  In general it will find a key in a few seconds.  Your comments and suggestions are

@_date: 1997-01-10 16:15:03
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: USENET: Critique of PGP Key Generation 
Summary: The key generation process seems to be safe, but not so easily shown
Lines: 325
Key generation is probably the weakest link in PGP, or indeed within any RSA
system. Specifically, it is the one place where a supplier of a binary
version of the system could insert a Trojan Horse that could not be detected
by any feasible tests run on it.
For this reason, having just acquired a copy of PGP 2.6.3ia (that is 2.6.3
with Stale's patch) and being of a paranoid disposition (just as Phil
recommends we should be), I decided to inspect the source code for the Key
Generation part to see if it contained anything that might compromise the
security of the keys that are generated. For the record, I found nothing of
the sort. The code makes strenuous (even paranoid) attempts to be utterly
fair. However, I did uncover a few features which, under a false pretence of
adding extra security, actually made my task of finding the true security much
harder. So I thought it might be useful to document the whole process,
pointing out the (mis-)features that caused me concern.
Overview of key generation
But the whole system is only as good as its random number generator. It is no
use using a pseudo-random number generator starting from some simple 32-bit
seed (derived from the time of day, perhaps). That could generate, at most,
2**32 different keys (since pseudo-random sequences are deterministic and
hence reproducible). You need 512 genuinely random bits to meet the criterion
of being able to generate all possible 512-bit keys.
The system uses an array of (currently) 96 32-bit words (i.e. 384 bytes or
3072 bits) known as randPool, initially set to zero. The '96' is required for
technical reasons to be a multiple of 4; otherwise I should much have
preferred a prime number (such as 97). It proceeds by XOR-ing supposedly
random bytes into successive positions; in practice always a multiple of 4
bytes at a time (this is a Bad Thing) derived from some 32-bit word. Some of
these words are quite predictable, some are well correlated with other such
words, and some are more-or-less independent. THE CRUCIAL QUESTION IS WHETHER
A SUFFICIENT NUMBER OF THEM ARE TRULY INDEPENDENT, so as to ensure the required
number of truly random bits.
A certain pattern of such words (examined in detail below) is XOR-ed in
repeatedly (typically for 73 cycles when generating a 512-bit key). When
randPool has been filled in it wraps around. But this could mean that the same
positions in the pattern are being XOR-ed on top of themselves, which is why I
would have preferred a prime number for the size of randPool, and why I would
have preferred the pattern itself not to have been a multiple of 4 bytes. Now
actually this problem should not matter, because the randPool is "stirred"
between each cycle, and if the stirring is as effective as claimed it makes
all the bits totally "forget" where they were. But I believe that this is a
case where "not only should security be achieved, but security should be SEEN
to be achieved". Stirring is described below.  Typically, in a UNIX system,
the randPool will be stirred and wrapped 11 times when generating a 512-bit
Sources of randomness
At this stage, the system tells you to type at random on your keyboard,
informing you that it is going to "measure the time intervals between your
keystrokes". This is not quite true. The actual behaviour is somewhat complex
but you do get, for each keystroke, a cycle of words XOR-ed into randPool, as
described above. It would be a good idea to vary your rate of typing in a
random manner - following the rhythm of a tune such as the William Tell
Overture should generate plenty of randomness (but now I have said that,
please choose your own tune in case some wily eavesdropper now does a
statistical analysis of William Tell).
Different systems behave differently at this point, but they all assume that
some form of "tick" is generated by the operating system for use for timing
processes, giving the time-of-day, etc. In UNIX systems, there are two ticks:
one fine tick (possibly every microsecond) derived from the real-time quartz
clock for time-of-day purposes and one coarse tick (typically every 10
milliseconds) for timing processes (each time this tick occurs there is an
interrupt, and whatever process is running at that moment is credited with
10msec of CPU time - or something like that). Since the random number
generation works by counting ticks, it is important to know how coarse the
ticks are.
All systems start off the same way (see noise,c):
A.  A call of clock(). Gives (supposedly) the number of microseconds of CPU
    used in this process. But it usually relies on a coarse tick (in Solaris
    it is always a multiple 0f 10000). Moreover it increases monotonically
    with successive calls, and successive calls frequently return the same
    value (this part of the process is not CPU-intensive). NOT a good source
    of randomness.
B.  A call of time(). Gives the number of seconds since Jan. 1st 1970. Even if
    the wily eavesdropper is not online to know the exact time you generated
    your key, the date on which you generated it is indeed public knowledge.
    Again, it increases monotonically and slowly (this phase of the process
    should take no more than half a minute all told). NOT a good source of
    randomness.
Now we need to distinguish between different systems.
1) MSDOS
C.  A call of pctimer0(). Seemingly this gives an unsigned (hopefully 32 bits)
    taken from a clock ticking every .84 usec (but you will not get .84 usec
    resolution).  But, apart from being monotonic, the values returned should
    be as random as your typing.
2) MAC
C.  A call of TMTicks(). Again an unsigned long and presumably as random as
    your typing.
3) Win32 with the Microsoft compiler
C.  A call of QueryPerformanceCounter(). An unsigned (hopefully 32 bits) and
    presumably as random as your typing.
4) VMS
C. A call of SYS$GETTIM(). A unsigned long divided by 100000 (supposedly the
    ticks per update). Presumably as random as your typing, but you will not
    get much randomness unless you type rather slowly.
5) AMIGA
C.  A call of either ReadEClock() (the low-order 32 bits) or am_GetSysTime()
    (32 bits of seconds - presumably since 1970 - and 32 bits of
    microseconds). With am_GetSysTime() the seconds since 1970 is pretty
    useless, since we already had those bits under 'A.'. I could believe the
    microseconds or the output of ReadEClock().
D.  16 bits of additional noise from the video beam position. Neat!
E.  The ExecBase dispatch count, whatever that is.
6) ATARI
C.  A system call giving the 32-bit output from a 200Hz counter and 32 bits
    from a 50/60/70Hz Vertical BLank counter. Under the Pure C compiler, only
    the second of these is taken (the first is said to give the same as the
    earlier call of clock()). Coarse as these ticks are, they can still give
    true randomness if called often enough.
7) UNIX
This is the system I have studied most intensively. It calls every system call
it can think of (and would have called the kitchen sink too, had it been
available). As I will show, this just creates FUD rather than randomness.
C.  A call of gettimeofday(). This returns two 32-bit words. The first is just
    the seconds since 1970 which we have already had, so it adds nothing new.
    The second is the number of microseconds since the last full second. This
    should be based on a fine tick size, and is therefore as random as your
    typing, but it is the only source of true randomness that I would trust
    from the UNIX systems.
D.  A call of times(). This gives 4 32-bit words:
    D1. The number of coarse ticks in this process. Typically this is one byte
        increasing monotonically but slowly. Useless as a source of
        randomness.
    D2. The number of coarse system ticks on behalf of this process. Increases
        perhaps twice as fast as the previous, but still useless.
    D3. The number of coarse ticks by children of this process. Always zero,
        because PGP never forks.
    D4. The number of coarse system ticks by children of this process. Also
        zero.
E.  Also from the same call of times(), the number of elapsed coarse ticks
    since boot time. The bottom byte changes somewhat faster than in the
    previous case (it is measuring elapsed rather than process time), but it
    is totally correlated with the call of clock() already made, so it adds
    nothing new.
At the end of all this, in all the systems, it XOR-es in the actual key you
typed. This is good, but you likely only typed all lower-case letters, and
probably not many punctuation or control counters, but every little helps. The
bad news is that it still adds 4 bytes to randPool, even though only one byte
is provided (see trueRandEvent()). Surely it would have been better to add
just one byte here, at least to overcome the deficiency arising from the size
of the randPool not being a prime number. Alternatively, the procedure
randPoolAddBytes could have been made to discount any zero bytes at its most
significant end.
It will be seen that the only source of true randomness in all the systems
described above is the call labeled 'C.' in each case (also the actual key
struck). Everything else is more-or-less predictable FUD. This call measures
the instant at which each keystroke occurred (possibly modulo 1000000
microseconds) using as fine a tick size as the system affords. Where the call
gives a time in microseconds rather than a tick count (systems AMIGA and UNIX)
it endeavours to determine the ticksize by experiment. It usually
overestimates it (which is safe) because the length of the measuring loop is
longer that the ticksize (for example, on a SPARC1+ running Solaris2 it
computes a ticksize of 11 microseconds, whereas the true value is believed to
be 1 microsecond).
It now computes a time delta, modulo any computed ticksize, between this call
and the previous one. Now this is a truly random estimate of the time between
keystrokes but, oddly, this value is not incorporated into randPool (but it is
represented by the absolute time of the keystroke which is so included). Since
some systems (e.g. VMS and the ATARI) use an extremely coarse tick, this delta
may contain only a few bits; so the bits in the delta are counted, and it
carries on looking at keystrokes until the cumulative value of these bits is
equal to the length of the key being generated (plus a few extra random bits
needed for other purposes). But the maximum number of bits taken from any one
keystroke is 8, so with fast systems it always demands more keystrokes than it
truly needs.
I believe that when counting the bits in delta it counts one more than it
should (the most significant bit should not be included in the count in my
opinion, since it is by definition always '1', and only serves to tell how many
bits there are). Note also that the value of delta will have a minimum (it is
impossible for the time between two keystrokes to be absolutely zero), which
is a further reason to discount one bit when counting the bits of delta (see
Each time the randPool wraps around, and again at the end, it is "stirred"
(see randPoolStir()). Note that stirring is a completely deterministic
process, exactly repeatable on different systems (it even converts the entire
randPool to big-endian format and back again afterwards in order to ensure
Its modus operandi is to encrypt the whole randPool using the MD5 algorithm
(that's the one used for generating signatures). That is why the length of the
randPool had to be a multiple of 128 bits. It starts from a zero key (I told
you it was going to be deterministic). By the time it has got to the end of
the randPool, the last bit deposited is a function of every preceding bit. It
then encrypts it all again, so that every bit in the new randPool now
potentially depends on every bit in the original randPool. If you start with
an empty randPool, it will now appear (to the naked eye) as a complete random
mess. If you start with a randPool containing just one bit, it will appear as
a different random mess.
Finally, it takes the first 128 bits of the new randPool as the starting key
for the next stirring.
Note that the purpose of stirring is not to generate extra randomness. It is
merely to redistribute the randomness that is already there (derived from your
keystrokes). So it matters not whether the randPool is completely filled by
your keystroking, nor that the two sets of 256 bits that you extract from it
in order to make your 512-bit key are not the actual bits that you randomly
generated. Every bit that you take out is affected by every random bit that
you put in (as well as by the many non-random, predictable bits that the UNIX
systems in particular insert). So it is still possible to generate each and
every one of the possible keys, even when starting from a known time of day
and a known number of ticks since boot time.
So is it safe? The answer seems to be Yes.
But I would have been much happier to see a more straightforward system. It
took me three days and much work examining the operation of the program with a
debugger to convince myself that most of the information being put into
randPool was mere FUD, and to identify exactly where the true required number
of random bits was actually coming from. In view of the excellent performance
of randPoolStir(), I cannot see that any of the FUD serves any useful purpose.
Well, I can see a little merit in including the time and date just once, in
case any extremely regular typist manages to get EXACTLY the same intervals
between each keystroke during her interpretation of William Tell, or unless
some other flaw is found in the system (which is also why I would like to see
the wrap-around of the randPool a little less regular, as already mentioned).
So I have at last felt it safe to generate my PGP key. And as a final check
against any wily eavesdropper who may have been compiling a complete set of
all the popular 1024-bit keys (will the universe last long enough for him to
complete his task?) I have set my key length to 820 bits. How's that for

@_date: 1997-01-15 13:57:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) MISC> ISPs to be hit with fees 
Path: wmich-news!gumby!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!ncar!newsxfer.itd.umich.edu!newsxfer3.itd.umich.edu!howland.erols.net!feed1.news.erols.com!arclight.uoregon.edu!mr.net!news.mid.net!news.mid.net!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: comp.internet.net-happenings
Organization: Global Internet, Peace of Mind is finally Online!
Lines: 80
Sender: infoserv
Approved: ralphie
NNTP-Posting-Host: shocker.gi.net
ISPs to be hit with fees
By CNET STAFF
January 10, 1997, 6:45 p.m. PT
The cost of getting online looks like it's going up again.
Network Solutions, the InterNIC subcontractor that assigns Internet domain
names for a fee, has proposed tacking on more fees to the numeric addresses
behind those names, addresses that are now free.
For example, the domain name "cnet.com" masks a numeric Internet Protocol
address. The domain name system makes it simpler to send email or locate a
Web site by name, rather than by a number up to 12 digits long, such as
Under Network Solutions' plan, a new nonprofit organization called the
American Registry for Internet Numbers would replace the
government-subsidized InterNIC IP group. North American ISPs would be hit
with fees ranging from $2,500 up to $20,000 for blocks of IP numbers that
they now receive for free and parcel out to their users.
The plan would not affect individual users unless the ISPs chose to pass
along the additional costs. But nonprofits, free community networks, and
others that do not charge for Internet access would have to pay. "They all
have operational fees today," said Jon Postel, head of the Internet
Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA), which oversees all three of the world's
Internet number assigning authorities, including the InterNIC IP group.
"It's just another operational expense."
It is the IANA as well as the National Science Foundation that would have
to approve Network Solutions' plan before it would go into effect.
The proposal is not clear about how the registry would spend the thousands
and possibly millions of dollars it would take in each year if the plan
goes through. The proposal did say that the executive director, chosen by
the board of trustees, would receive a salary determined by the board.
Network Solutions' representatives could not be reached for comment. But
IANA's Postel says that Net addresses must be treated like the airwaves.
"Address space is a kind of a public resource like the airwaves," he said.
"There are certain bands set aside for CB radio, but if you want to be a
powerful radio station, you have to go through a much more complicated
licensing procedure."
But unlike the airwaves, Internet address space is public resource that is
parceled out without any governmental oversight, whereas the Federal
Communications Commission oversees spectrum allocation.
Postel thinks the lack of such oversight is a good thing. "You think about
the FCC procedures and how long it takes to get a decision out of them on
anything," Postel said. "I'm not sure you'd want them involved."
Only companies and individuals capable of paying a $1,000 per year in fees
will be allowed to participate in forming American Registry's policies. By
contrast, any U.S. citizen has the right to file comments with the FCC
about communications policies.
The American Registry's five-member board of trustees would be initially
selected by Network Solutions. Future boards would in their turn be
selected by the board that Network Solutions had picked, giving the private
company an unprecedented influence over the assignment of increasingly
scarce IP numbers. The IP numbering system is reaching its limits and plans
are currently being considered to extend it.
* Jackson K. Windham              * CyberTracker Consulting Services *
* JAX            * Internet Consultant / Trainer    *
* ACE INTERNET CLUB - President   * Http://      *
*** Member of HTML Instructors Association and HTML Writer's Guild ***
******* May the Best of your Past, Be the Worst of your Future *******

@_date: 1997-01-24 14:44:49
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: PGP implementation source code 
[The discussion started with Pretty Safe Mail, the recent "PGP-compatible"
Mac program, and whether or not it was safe. Source code is not available.
Some authors noted that PSM was much slower than PGP, but so far lives up
to its promise of user-friendliness. A Win95 version is in the works.]
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.discuss,comp.security.pgp.resources
Lines: 66
In article <5c2kap$1tu
The IDEA initialisation vector could also be used as a subliminal channel,
it is only 8 bytes but it could (for example) leak a random 60 bits of one
prime in your secret key with the remain 4 bits saying which set of 60
bits. Worse is the possibility that the program could put a back door into RSA
key generation to make the modulus trivially factorisable by someone in the
know.  There are a number of mechanisms for this of varying detectability
up to detectable only by reverse-engineering.
Here are some of the (endless) possibilities in order of increasing
1) Make one of the primes a constant.  Factorise by dividing by this
number.  Detectable by inspection of public keys alone.  (For more details,
see my article "There are no common factors in the Public keyring", 13th
Jan in comp.security.pgp.announce.)
2) Select the first prime P at random but make second prime Q the smallest
prime larger than PK where K is a constant.  Factorise by searching from
root(N/K).  Probably detectable by suitable inspection of several secret
keys generated by the product, but (I think) undetectable from public keys
3) Select a random seed and using a good PRNG, make the rest of generation
process deterministic based on the seed.  Use the "deadbeef" technique to
select a modulus that has this seed as its least significant bytes. Factorise by extracting the seed from the modulus and repeating the
deterministic key generation.  This is detectable only by reverse
4) Select a random seed and use a short key PKE key exchange system (e.g.
Elliptic curve) to generate a session key and a key exchange cyphertext. Use a key generation similar to (3) except that you seed the PRNG with the
session key and deadbeef to make a key ending in the key exchange
cyphertext.  Factorise by extracting and decrypting the session key (requires a secret
key), and repeating the key generation.  Again this is only detectable by
reverse engineering, but even after executing the reverse engineering you
still cannot factor the keys generated because the program only contains
the public key not the secret key.
Method (4) is an interesting example of a "locked back-door".  There is
often an unstated assumption that back-doors have to be open.  i.e. If you
can find them you can get in.  It isn't always true.  Whereas it seems
intuitively unlikely, it is not inconceivable that there is a way of
putting a locked back-door into some forms of Feistel ciphers.  The NSA
would have been reluctant to put an open back-door into DES, but they would
not have hesitated to put in a locked back-door.  In my opinion the only
safe assumption is that they could and they did.
In cryptography you shouldn't trust your intuition, code with source or
unexplained algorithm components.
Ian_Miller    FAI-D10204
PGP key 1024/FCE97719 FP: 2A 20 46 10 E5 96 27 40  91 B1 95 BA CA D3 BC 14
Antworten auf Deutsch waeren mir angenehm.

@_date: 1997-01-24 15:20:37
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) New keyserver available 
Newsgroups: comp.security.pgp.tech
Lines: 12
A new PGP keyserver, still _very_ experimental, is available at
host dslab1.cs.uit.no at port 24162, use telnet(1).  In general it will find a key in a few seconds.  Your comments and suggestions are

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:41:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Metzger, Denninger square off 
[Forwarded from Wired news. Let's cut to the chase: Which side is in the
right? Who can tell me, in plain and simple language, who is fighting for
individual freedom and property rights, and who is not?]
   [LINK] Foes Vow to Take Domain Name Fight to FCC
   by Gene Koprowski
   5:01 pm PST 6 Feb 97 - A proposal by the International Ad Hoc
   Committee (IAHC) to expand the number of Internet top-level domain
   names is stirring opposition among alternative domain name providers.
   Opponents call the plan "unenforceable," and are considering filing a
   protest with the Federal Communications Commission, indicating that
   the IAHC policy might violate the 1996 Telecommunication Act's open
   access provisions.
   "We didn't want to have to get my guns, rifles, and bombs out - but
   now we have to," Carl Denninger, president of Macro Computer
   Solutions, Chicago, a long-time opponent of IACH, tells Wired News.
   "If someone doesn't point a revolver at them, they will be able to do
   whatever they want to do."
   On Tuesday, the intergovernmental body issued a proposal to expand the
   number of generic top-level domains (GTLDs), adding seven new listings
   in addition to the existing ones, which include the familiar .com,
   .net, and .org. The new GTLDs would include .firm, for businesses;
   .store, for retail businesses; .web, for Web-related companies; .arts,
   for cultural organizations; .rec, for recreation and entertainment
   facilities; .info, for information services; and .nom, for
   individuals.
   Perry Metzger, a member of the IAHC board, said that the organization,
   whose members include the International Telecommunications Union and
   the World Intellectual Property Organization, will likely formally
   approval the proposal very quickly. "This is not a done deal. The
   paperwork needs to be signed. An association to handle this has to be
   set up," says Metzger. "But it will go forward very soon. I'm sure
   plenty of people will not be in favor of it. But the question is: What
   can they do to stop it?"
   The answer is plenty, says Denninger. He and others, like Eugene
   Kashpureff of Alternic, have long fought the IAHC's attempts to expand
   the number of GTLDs. They think the creation of these new categories
   may lead to trademark infringement and other intellectual property
   problems. They also think the new domain names will "fragment" the
   Internet, leaving some users unable to communicate with others, if a
   server does not recognize the name request.
   Denninger said he received a leaked copy of the IACH proposal earlier
   this week, and he and his colleagues are considering bringing their
   protests to the FCC. "We're given open access under the telecom law,"
   says Denninger. "We might talk to the FCC or the Clinton
   administration about this." Barring that, Denninger will lobby
   Internet service providers around the country, asking them not to
   recognize the new GTLDs. "There is no reason to support it. We will do
   everything in our power to convince ISPs not to go along," he says.
   As part of that, he is launching a national public relations and
   lobbying campaign to alert the Internet community about the IACH
   proposal. [LINK]
        Copyright ) 1993-97 Wired Ventures, Inc. and affiliated companies.
        All rights reserved.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:11:22
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Humor in the oddest places... 
The February issue of the _Pinky and the Brain_ comic, based on the
animated television show of two lab mice constantly foiled in their
plans to take over the world, has a main story entitled "Mission:
Unpinkable". Our heroes intercept a stray piece of microfilm and
accept the mission to steal Microstomp's "prototype Internet computer
control chip, the 1286 GAK", with Brain plotting to reprogram the
chip so that...
"When the program is introduced on the Internet, every connected CPU
across the globe will download ME! My personality matrix will soon
control every computer in the world!"
Naturally, the plan goes awry.
One wonders if the writers have been following the "key escrow" debate
here on Cpunks.
Explain to me, slowly and carefully, why if person A, when screwed over on a
deal by B, is morally obligated to consult, pay, and defer to, person C for
the purpose of seeing justice done, and why person C has any legitimate gripe
if A just hauls off and smacks B around like a dead carp. (Michael Schneider)

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:27:12
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: ANON: anonymizer.com thru proxy server is bad news 
Newsgroups: comp.infosystems.
Lines: 43
THE CLAIM:
THE PROBLEM:
THE DATA:
HTTP_USER_AGENT=Mozilla/3.01 (via THE ANONYMIZER!)
HTTP_FORWARDED=by  (Squid/1.0.20) for 204.251.83.41
THE RESULT:
THE SUMMARY:
THE QUOTE:
== Josh McCormick             Galaxy Star Systems                  ==
== jmccorm        Providing Quality Internet Access    ==
== Systems Administrator      WWW:  ==
  ...for the best in unapproved information
 "Would I had phrases that are not known, utterances that are strange, in new
 language that has not been used, free from repetition, not an utterance which
 has grown stale, which men of old have spoken."  - inscribed on Egyptian tomb

@_date: 1997-02-20 22:26:11
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: user: cypherpunks, password: cypherpunks 
Content Sites Vexed By Password Abuse
  The high cost of subscribers sharing log-ons
     By Whit Andrews      Playboy magazine even has a term for it: "frat-house syndrome." Just
     as readers might pass around a magazine or a copy of a newsletter
     among themselves-- why buy multiple copies when you can see it
     after the guy down the hall is finished?-- Internet users often
     freely share access to their electronic subscriptions.
     The difference is that the number of people who can use a magazine
     or newsletter simultaneously is finite--limited to, say, a
     workgroup or the number of people who can comfortably fit onto a
     couch.
     On the Web, that expands to the number of people worldwide who can
     hunker in front of their monitors, printers, and personal digital
     assistants.
     "We did have one situation where a person posted a link to a story,
     and with it a user ID and password, on the Web, so people could get
     into it," said Tom Baker, business director of The Wall Street
     Journal Interactive edition. "He just thought it was an interesting
     story." Baker said that user seemed somewhat naive about the
     profound flouting of copyright law in which he was engaging, and
     several content providers have reported similar anecdotes involving
     clueless users.
     "I even have people we do business with say, 'Oh yeah, I got a
     password for our office,'" said Kenneth Dotson, vice president of
     marketing at SportsLine USA Inc., a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based
     sports site with members-only content areas. "I've had that happen
     two or three times now." The problem of subscribers treating their
     privileges as a commodity that they can give away is particularly
     vexing to Web content sites, which have in most cases crossed a
     difficult hurdle in graduating to a model supported at least to
     some extent by subscription fees.
     Losing those usually low fees to user abuse is thus doubly
     frustrating.
     "We're here trying to make money," said Jay Froscheiser, corporate
     Webmaster at Data Transmission Network Corp., an Omaha, Neb.,
     online service creating new products on the Web with prices ranging
     from $20 to $50 monthly for access. "Serving 10 people on an
     account, we can't make money." DTN's solution is to use cookies,
     the tidbits of information that sites can store in browser files to
     track users' preferences and identities. If subscribers want to
     change browsers or access information from a different computer,
     they have to call DTN and set up the switch.
     Froscheiser said some subscribers complain that the system is too
     Draconian. For example, while many of the farmers who use
     agricultural information services have only one computer to work
     with, others whose work situations make them more itinerant are
     frustrated by their inability to log on from home, work, and
     elsewhere.
     But without exact statistics, it's DTN that is inconvenienced,
     because its deals with content providers are generally based on the
     number of subscribers who access the providers' services through
     DTN, Froscheiser said. "We have to have 100 percent accountability
     for how many people per service there are." Other content
     providers, whose prices are generally lower and are often defrayed
     by advertising to generate revenues, have adopted innovative ways
     to lure subscription cheats into ponying up the price to join.
     SportsLine, for instance, automatically enters members in all
     giveaways and promotions, whereas casual users have to key in their
     information manually. Subscribers can personalize their pages to
     allow them to follow special sports and teams.
     Dotson said such gentle measures are intended to make it more
     attractive to be a member than to use someone else's account, and
     are the only step likely for the company, at least into the near
     future.
     "The environment of the Web doesn't really allow you to police it,"
     he said, and after all, the company has enough of a revenue stream
     from ads to make extra users less of a burden. "We say, 'Okay, not
     much we can do about it, we'll just enjoy the extra page views.' "
     sitewide licenses Other companies whose information is more likely
     to be passed among office workers who share business interests
     rather than sports conversations are aggressively pursuing sitewide
     licenses and lower prices.
     The Wall Street Journal Interactive offers deals to offices that
     allow users to sign up, not with a credit-card number, but with a
     company ID number. Lexis-Nexis does not allow individual licenses,
     but prices its Web services based on how many people there are in
     the office instead.
     All of the content providers agreed that they would prefer other
     methods of controlling distribution, but that barring technological
     advances of significant proportion, they're stuck with what they've
     got.
     "Our strategy is not to implement a solution that's worse than the
     problem," said Wall Street Journal Interactive's Baker of encrypted
     document schemes and micropayment models. "If there were a way to
     protect our information that didn't put an onerous restriction on
     our subscribers reading it, we'd do it." Eileen Kent, vice
     president, new media division of Playboy Enterprises Inc. in
     Chicago, echoed the sentiment. Until technology improves, she said,
     content providers need to assume that there will be some improper
     use of memberships.
     "I think the technology will find solutions," she said. "But until
     then, it's just a cost of doing business."
       ______________________________________________________________
     Reprinted from Web Week, Volume 3, Issue 4, February 17, 1997 )
     Mecklermedia Corp. All rights reserved. Keywords: content
     electronic_commerce Date: 19970217

@_date: 1997-02-07 10:22:03
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Metzger, Denninger square off 
[Forwarded from Wired news. Let's cut to the chase: Which side is in the
right? Who can tell me, in plain and simple language, who is fighting for
individual freedom and property rights, and who is not?]
   [LINK] Foes Vow to Take Domain Name Fight to FCC
   by Gene Koprowski
   5:01 pm PST 6 Feb 97 - A proposal by the International Ad Hoc
   Committee (IAHC) to expand the number of Internet top-level domain
   names is stirring opposition among alternative domain name providers.
   Opponents call the plan "unenforceable," and are considering filing a
   protest with the Federal Communications Commission, indicating that
   the IAHC policy might violate the 1996 Telecommunication Act's open
   access provisions.
   "We didn't want to have to get my guns, rifles, and bombs out - but
   now we have to," Carl Denninger, president of Macro Computer
   Solutions, Chicago, a long-time opponent of IACH, tells Wired News.
   "If someone doesn't point a revolver at them, they will be able to do
   whatever they want to do."
   On Tuesday, the intergovernmental body issued a proposal to expand the
   number of generic top-level domains (GTLDs), adding seven new listings
   in addition to the existing ones, which include the familiar .com,
   .net, and .org. The new GTLDs would include .firm, for businesses;
   .store, for retail businesses; .web, for Web-related companies; .arts,
   for cultural organizations; .rec, for recreation and entertainment
   facilities; .info, for information services; and .nom, for
   individuals.
   Perry Metzger, a member of the IAHC board, said that the organization,
   whose members include the International Telecommunications Union and
   the World Intellectual Property Organization, will likely formally
   approval the proposal very quickly. "This is not a done deal. The
   paperwork needs to be signed. An association to handle this has to be
   set up," says Metzger. "But it will go forward very soon. I'm sure
   plenty of people will not be in favor of it. But the question is: What
   can they do to stop it?"
   The answer is plenty, says Denninger. He and others, like Eugene
   Kashpureff of Alternic, have long fought the IAHC's attempts to expand
   the number of GTLDs. They think the creation of these new categories
   may lead to trademark infringement and other intellectual property
   problems. They also think the new domain names will "fragment" the
   Internet, leaving some users unable to communicate with others, if a
   server does not recognize the name request.
   Denninger said he received a leaked copy of the IACH proposal earlier
   this week, and he and his colleagues are considering bringing their
   protests to the FCC. "We're given open access under the telecom law,"
   says Denninger. "We might talk to the FCC or the Clinton
   administration about this." Barring that, Denninger will lobby
   Internet service providers around the country, asking them not to
   recognize the new GTLDs. "There is no reason to support it. We will do
   everything in our power to convince ISPs not to go along," he says.
   As part of that, he is launching a national public relations and
   lobbying campaign to alert the Internet community about the IACH
   proposal. [LINK]
        Copyright (c) 1993-97 Wired Ventures, Inc. and affiliated companies.
        All rights reserved.

@_date: 1997-02-08 13:12:56
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Humor in the oddest places... 
The February issue of the _Pinky and the Brain_ comic, based on the
animated television show of two lab mice constantly foiled in their
plans to take over the world, has a main story entitled "Mission:
Unpinkable". Our heroes intercept a stray piece of microfilm and
accept the mission to steal Microstomp's "prototype Internet computer
control chip, the 1286 GAK", with Brain plotting to reprogram the
chip so that...
"When the program is introduced on the Internet, every connected CPU
across the globe will download ME! My personality matrix will soon
control every computer in the world!"
Naturally, the plan goes awry.
One wonders if the writers have been following the "key escrow" debate
here on Cpunks.
Explain to me, slowly and carefully, why if person A, when screwed over on a
deal by B, is morally obligated to consult, pay, and defer to, person C for
the purpose of seeing justice done, and why person C has any legitimate gripe
if A just hauls off and smacks B around like a dead carp. (Michael Schneider)

@_date: 1997-02-09 12:12:53
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: ANON: anonymizer.com thru proxy server is bad news 
Newsgroups: comp.infosystems.
Lines: 43
THE CLAIM:
THE PROBLEM:
THE DATA:
HTTP_USER_AGENT=Mozilla/3.01 (via THE ANONYMIZER!)
HTTP_FORWARDED=by  (Squid/1.0.20) for 204.251.83.41
THE RESULT:
THE SUMMARY:
THE QUOTE:
== Josh McCormick             Galaxy Star Systems                  ==
== jmccorm        Providing Quality Internet Access    ==
== Systems Administrator      WWW:  ==
  ...for the best in unapproved information
 "Would I had phrases that are not known, utterances that are strange, in new
 language that has not been used, free from repetition, not an utterance which
 has grown stale, which men of old have spoken."  - inscribed on Egyptian tomb

@_date: 1997-02-20 20:27:08
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: user: cypherpunks, password: cypherpunks 
Content Sites Vexed By Password Abuse
  The high cost of subscribers sharing log-ons
     By Whit Andrews      Playboy magazine even has a term for it: "frat-house syndrome." Just
     as readers might pass around a magazine or a copy of a newsletter
     among themselves-- why buy multiple copies when you can see it
     after the guy down the hall is finished?-- Internet users often
     freely share access to their electronic subscriptions.
     The difference is that the number of people who can use a magazine
     or newsletter simultaneously is finite--limited to, say, a
     workgroup or the number of people who can comfortably fit onto a
     couch.
     On the Web, that expands to the number of people worldwide who can
     hunker in front of their monitors, printers, and personal digital
     assistants.
     "We did have one situation where a person posted a link to a story,
     and with it a user ID and password, on the Web, so people could get
     into it," said Tom Baker, business director of The Wall Street
     Journal Interactive edition. "He just thought it was an interesting
     story." Baker said that user seemed somewhat naive about the
     profound flouting of copyright law in which he was engaging, and
     several content providers have reported similar anecdotes involving
     clueless users.
     "I even have people we do business with say, 'Oh yeah, I got a
     password for our office,'" said Kenneth Dotson, vice president of
     marketing at SportsLine USA Inc., a Fort Lauderdale, Fla.-based
     sports site with members-only content areas. "I've had that happen
     two or three times now." The problem of subscribers treating their
     privileges as a commodity that they can give away is particularly
     vexing to Web content sites, which have in most cases crossed a
     difficult hurdle in graduating to a model supported at least to
     some extent by subscription fees.
     Losing those usually low fees to user abuse is thus doubly
     frustrating.
     "We're here trying to make money," said Jay Froscheiser, corporate
     Webmaster at Data Transmission Network Corp., an Omaha, Neb.,
     online service creating new products on the Web with prices ranging
     from $20 to $50 monthly for access. "Serving 10 people on an
     account, we can't make money." DTN's solution is to use cookies,
     the tidbits of information that sites can store in browser files to
     track users' preferences and identities. If subscribers want to
     change browsers or access information from a different computer,
     they have to call DTN and set up the switch.
     Froscheiser said some subscribers complain that the system is too
     Draconian. For example, while many of the farmers who use
     agricultural information services have only one computer to work
     with, others whose work situations make them more itinerant are
     frustrated by their inability to log on from home, work, and
     elsewhere.
     But without exact statistics, it's DTN that is inconvenienced,
     because its deals with content providers are generally based on the
     number of subscribers who access the providers' services through
     DTN, Froscheiser said. "We have to have 100 percent accountability
     for how many people per service there are." Other content
     providers, whose prices are generally lower and are often defrayed
     by advertising to generate revenues, have adopted innovative ways
     to lure subscription cheats into ponying up the price to join.
     SportsLine, for instance, automatically enters members in all
     giveaways and promotions, whereas casual users have to key in their
     information manually. Subscribers can personalize their pages to
     allow them to follow special sports and teams.
     Dotson said such gentle measures are intended to make it more
     attractive to be a member than to use someone else's account, and
     are the only step likely for the company, at least into the near
     future.
     "The environment of the Web doesn't really allow you to police it,"
     he said, and after all, the company has enough of a revenue stream
     from ads to make extra users less of a burden. "We say, 'Okay, not
     much we can do about it, we'll just enjoy the extra page views.' "
     sitewide licenses Other companies whose information is more likely
     to be passed among office workers who share business interests
     rather than sports conversations are aggressively pursuing sitewide
     licenses and lower prices.
     The Wall Street Journal Interactive offers deals to offices that
     allow users to sign up, not with a credit-card number, but with a
     company ID number. Lexis-Nexis does not allow individual licenses,
     but prices its Web services based on how many people there are in
     the office instead.
     All of the content providers agreed that they would prefer other
     methods of controlling distribution, but that barring technological
     advances of significant proportion, they're stuck with what they've
     got.
     "Our strategy is not to implement a solution that's worse than the
     problem," said Wall Street Journal Interactive's Baker of encrypted
     document schemes and micropayment models. "If there were a way to
     protect our information that didn't put an onerous restriction on
     our subscribers reading it, we'd do it." Eileen Kent, vice
     president, new media division of Playboy Enterprises Inc. in
     Chicago, echoed the sentiment. Until technology improves, she said,
     content providers need to assume that there will be some improper
     use of memberships.
     "I think the technology will find solutions," she said. "But until
     then, it's just a cost of doing business."
       ______________________________________________________________
     Reprinted from Web Week, Volume 3, Issue 4, February 17, 1997 (c)
     Mecklermedia Corp. All rights reserved. Keywords: content
     electronic_commerce Date: 19970217

@_date: 1997-05-08 06:26:44
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: (fwd) Elctronic Funds Transfer Expansion Act 
Congress recently passed a law making it mandatory to receive government
payments by direct deposit to a financial institution. It's called
"Electronic Funds Transfer Expansion Act," and it requires all federal
payments, except an IRS refund check to be issued by electronic funds
transfer (Direct Deposit).
It will affect anyone who receives veteran's benefits, Social Security,
federal government and military pensions and salaries, or any government
payment. Members who have their payments sent to Post Office Credit Union
will have _immediate access_ to their money.
So what are you waiting for? If you don't already have direct deposit,
consider signing up for it. It's not only easy, convenient, and safe, it
will soon be mandatory for all!
Give us a call at 244-3518 to take advantage of direct deposit today!
[The] "Electronic Funds Transfer Expansion Act".. requires all federal payments
except an IRS refund check to be issued by electronic funds transfer. So what
are you waiting for? If you don't already have direct deposit, consider signing
up for it. It's not only easy, convenient, and safe, it will soon be mandatory
for all! [Post Office Credit Union' Credit Union Post_, Spring 1997]

@_date: 1997-06-06 08:00:11
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 0,4,11276,00.html?dtn.head 
[1]HP Network ScanJet 5. Click here.
   [2][LINK]
   [3][LINK]
   [4]Join now FREE!
   MENU
   [5]Front Door
   [6]The Net
   [7]Computing
   [8]Intranets
   [9]Business
   [10]CNET Radio
   [11]Perspectives
   [12]Newsmakers
   [13]Rumor Mill
   RESOURCES
   [14]One Week View
   [15]Custom News
   [16]Subscribe
   [17]Member Services
   [18]Contact Us
   [19]Help
   [20]Search NEWS
   [21]Novell
   CNET SERVICES
   [22]CNET.COM
   [23]BUILDER.COM
   [24]BROWSERS.COM
   [25]GAMECENTER.COM
   [26]SEARCH.COM
   [27]DOWNLOAD.COM
   [28]SHAREWARE.COM
   [29]ACTIVEX.COM
   [30]MEDIADOME
   MARKETPLACE
   [31]CNET Store
   [32]Sponsorship Info
     [33]Category The Net
   Private dollars wanted for next Net
   By [34]Courtney Macavinta
   June 5, 1997, 3:20 p.m. PT
   SANTA CLARA, California--A White House official's call was dropped
   when he tried to patch into a high-tech industry powwow about the
   [35]Next Generation Internet (NGI) today--a timely demo of the
   network's need for a facelift.
   [36]NASA's Ames Research Center hosted the federal government's
   briefing today in hopes of roping in commercial technology partners to
   help build the Clinton Administration's three-year, $3 million NGI
   initiative.
   The NGI initiative aims to build a faster, smarter Internet, creating
   new applications and networking technologies to improve communication
   among the nation's academic and research centers. In some cases, NGI
   will route data at 1,000 times the speed of today's network, and will
   be able to store bandwidth for real-time data transmission.
   The audience laughed when the videoconferencing connection from
   Washington to the Techmart in Santa Clara crashed. But the White
   House's senior director of the National Economic Council, Thomas
   Kalil, spun the mishap into a plea for his cause.
   "This certainly shows why dependability and reliability need to be a
   priority for the Next Generation Internet," Kalil said when he finally
   got connected.
   Just as the private sector and universities assisted in creating
   ARPANET, the precursor to the Internet, Kalil and representatives from
   NASA and the [37]Energy Department want companies and the government
   to build the NGI as a team.
   Companies could benefit by receiving federal funds for research and
   development; they would be able to keep copyrights of their products
   in order to commercialize them, said Maylene Duenas of NASA Ames.
   In return the government will get input and expertise from industry
   without recreating existing private research or making the same
   mistakes. Federal agencies and research facilities also need NGI to
   shoot huge volumes of secure data across the country.
   "Past investments in this area have a high return on investment,"
   Kalil said. "We would like to see the United States maintain its
   position as a charter of innovation."
   California is already heading up a private/public Internet
   partnership.
   Dubbed the [38]Corporation for Network Education Initiatives in
   California (CENIC), the organization's goal is to oversee the
   development and operation of an improved data network between the
   state's university research centers.
   [39]Pacific Bell has already struck a deal to set aside some of its
   bandwidth for the project. "Private involvement is critical," Susan
   Astrada, executive director of CENIC said today. "There is no way the
   academic community could afford it."
   [40]Sun, [41]Cisco, [42]Silicon Graphics, [43]Novell, [44]Lucent
   Technologies, and [45]MCI have already endorsed NGI or plan to work on
   the project in various capacities.
   Although the general public won't be able use the infrastructure for
   five to ten years, the NGI initiative makes several promises that the
   White Hose says will trickle down to all Net surfers.
   For example, developers are working with the creators of [46]Internet
   2, a separate project funded by academia.
   More than 100 universities across the country are spearheading the
   project to develop new computer network applications to help improve
   their teaching and research facilities. The academic community will
   invest $50 million a year to connect the schools' students and faculty
   at speeds 100 times faster than the current network.
   Another component of NGI will connect just ten research facilities
   nationwide at speeds 1,000 times faster than the Internet.
   This means the Energy Department could send its reports of global
   climate changes over the NGI in 15 seconds. The data takes 15 minutes
   to send now, said Martha Krebs of the government agency.
   Not all are happy with Clinton's plan for the next Internet.
   Yesterday, senators from Alaska to Montana told the president's
   technical advisers that NGI was leaving out rural universities by
   turning only to well-known urban institutions for guidance.
    related news stories
     [47]Rural demands made for Internet 2 June 4, 1997
     [48]Internet: the Next Generation May 16, 1997
     [49]Schools seek Internet 2 funding April 9, 1997
     [50]Sites soon for Internet 2 January 29, 1997
     [51]Is Clinton's Net plan for real? October 17, 1996
     Latest Headlines
   [52]display on desktop
     The Net
     [53]Hong Kong exports raise concerns
     [54]AOL members threaten to walk
     [55]Private dollars wanted for next Net
     [56]Sun loses round in Java fight
     [57]Girls part of children's market, too
     [58]TotalNews, publishers settle suit
     [59]Domain planners dismiss critics
     [60]Faster Net access comes at a price
     Computing
     [61]For small vendors, a bizarre bazaar
     [62]NCI to compete with WebTV
     [63]Gateway, Compaq pitch low-cost PC-TVs
     [64]Nashville's  uses Motorola modems
     Intranets
     [65]Sun has agenda with Java server
     Business
     [66]Coast clear for Gateway shares
     [67]Gamer Electronic Arts buys rival
     [68]Micron chip prices edging up
     [69]Iomega trades on buyout rumors
     [70]Marengi ousted from Novell
     [71]Book publishers accused of piracy
     [72]HP exec wants Euro telco competition
     Hidden - SpRept Promo
     No new articles.
   [73][LINK] [74]Copyright (c) 1995-97 CNET, Inc. All rights reserved.
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.   33.   34. mailto:courtm
  35.   36.   37.   38.   39.   40.   41.   42.   43.   44. htpp://
  45.   46.   47.   48.   49.   50.   51.   52. javascript:OpenWindow();
  53.   54.   55.   56.   57.   58.   59.   60.   61.   62.   63.   64.   65.   66.   67.   68.   69.   70.   71.   72.   73.   74.

@_date: 1997-06-16 08:30:28
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: online-gamb.htm 
interactiveJumpstart Spotlight [1]Phillips Publishing International,
   Inc.
Online Gambling Exec Praises Shutdown of Gaming Site
   courtesy: Multimedia Wire
   The chairman of an online gambling industry ethics panel praised the
   effort of the Maryland attorney general to close down a gambling Web
   site as an early move to regulate the fledgling online casino
   industry.
   Attorney General J. Joseph Curran issued a cease-and-desist order
   against RealTIME Prizes Network for running Prizes.com, a site that
   offers a variety of pay-for-play sweepstakes through customers' credit
   cards or through CyberCash.
   Online gambling can be done legally and legitimately, but only by
   working with government regulators, said Kendell Lang, chairman of an
   Interactive Services Association panel devising ethics for online
   casino operators and CEO of CasinoWorld Holdings. RealTIME has "flown
   in the face of regulators and gives the industry a bad name," Lang
   said. "We want to support the attorneys general of each and every
   state to get control of the situation."
   Curran targeted RealTIME because its operations are in Silver Spring,
   Md., a spokesman said. The attorney general could take additional
   action if RealTIME were to move to another state and accept business
   from Maryland residents, he added.
   Despite the desist order, Prizes.com was still operational yesterday.
   RealTIME was not immediately available for comment.
       [2]Home | [3]Free Email Newsletters | [4]Membership Invitation
           [5]Daily Hot News | [6]Marketing & Research | [7]Deals
           [8]Spotlight | [9]Developers Corner | [10]Classifieds
     _________________________________________________________________
   (c) Copyrighted material 1997. It is unlawful to copy, reproduce or
   retransmit in any medium or format without written permission from
   Phillips Business Information, Inc.
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 1997-06-18 06:33:00
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 4471.html 
Web Anglais? Non, S'il Vous Plait --> Ashley Craddock -->
   [1]arrow Web Anglais? Non, S'il Vous Plait
   by [2]Ashley Craddock
   9:02am  17.Jun.97.PDT When Quebec computer-store owner Morty Grauer
   got a letter telling him to get rid of his Web page, change it, or
   else, he rolled over. But he wasn't happy about it.
   "I don't need subpoenas, fines, or going to court," Grauer told the
   [3]Montreal Gazette. "But what gets my goat is when they make me do
   something. I'm enraged right now. How can they tell you what to do on
   the Internet?"
   But according to the Quebec's Office de la Langue Francaise, they can
   do it pretty easily - jurisdictional issues notwithstanding. Because
   Grauer's Web site was in English, because it was on a Quebecois
   server, and because it had no French component, his [4]microbytes.com
   was illegal, plain and simple.
   "The Micro-Bytes Web page violated the Charter of the French
   Language," spokesman Gerald Paquette said Monday. So on 29 May, the
   OLF sent Grauer a letter, threatening to revoke his certificate of
   "francization," a legal necessity for businesses with 50-plus
   employees. Grauer has said he will comply as of 1 July.
   Crafted in the pre-Internet 1970s, Quebec's Charter of the French
   Language stipulates that commercial publications such as catalogs,
   brochures, leaflets, and commercial directories must be available in
   French. It also denies English-language education to immigrants, even
   those from English-speaking countries. (A separate Canadian federal
   law on bilingualism has a much more limited scope, requiring the
   government to publish information in both English and French.)
   In the separationist furor that has raged over Quebec for decades, the
   charter has been a highly controversial bulwark against anglicization
   and cultural dilution. In Montreal, large businesses are bilingual. On
   the streets, English words are no longer displayed. In homes and
   schools, the phrase, "le weekend," common parlance in France, is
   almost never heard.
   But whether or not the 20-year-old charter will have any teeth in the
   age of the Internet and free trade remains unclear.
   Although the charter has been relatively successful in terms of
   maintaining linguistic purity, its economic effects have been harsh:
   An estimated 300,000 residents and 1,000 businesses have left the
   province since the law was passed. And the Internet is expected to
   exact a high toll for such linguistic balkanization: An estimated 90
   percent of online communications are in English, only 2 percent in
   French.
   In France itself, where linguistic purity campaigns have recently
   taken on some degree of political chic, language activists have sued
   three sites under a 1994 law that bans single-language advertising in
   any language but French. The suits, which would have tested the law's
   application to Web sites for the first time, were dismissed last week
   on a technicality.
   In the free-speech-happy Internet, however, a four-year-old United
   Nations ruling may prove the most ominous indicator for attempts to
   enforce language purity: After reviewing the case of an
   English-speaking Canadian forced to call his funeral home a "salon
   funeraire," The UN's Human Rights Council found that the Canadian
   charter was in violation of the free-speech provision of the
   International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
   Still, the Office de la Langue Francaise is determined to hold the
   linguistic line.
   "Quebec wants to be a player in the global market, but there's a real
   chance it will erode our sense of language, of identity," Paquette
   said. "It's the same thing with the Internet: We feel threatened by
   it. It gives us the possibility of communicating with French speakers
   in France, Belgium, Switzerland, and North Africa, but English is the
   lingua franca of the Web. If we don't enforce this law, that'll only
   be more true in the future."
   Related Wired Links:
   [5]Web Sites Foil Canada's Election Poll Ban
   3.Jun.97
   [6]Canadian Election Law Prompts Web Site Battle
   27.May.97
   [7]arrow
   [8]Find Read a story in the Wired News archive.
   [9]Feedback Let us know how we're doing.
   [10]Tips Have a story or tip for Wired News? Send it.
        [11]Copyright (c) 1993-97 Wired Ventures, Inc. and affiliated companies.
        All rights reserved.
   1.    2. mailto:craddock
   3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9. mailto:newsfeedback
  10. mailto:tips
  11.

@_date: 1997-07-30 07:01:03
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 7-29_b8_EXTRA_Internet.html 
Tuesday
   July 29, 1997
   [1]ImageMap
   LA Fitness
                        Web gaming is 'ripe for fraud'
     _________________________________________________________________
   By Patrick Wilson
   Washington Bureau
     _________________________________________________________________
   WASHINGTON - Two senators toured Internet gambling sites Monday as
   they listened to warnings the growing online casino industry could be
   ripe for corruption and consumer fraud.
   Sens. Jon Kyl, R-Ariz., and Richard Bryan, D-Nev., looked on as
   Wisconsin Attorney General Jim Doyle presented what he characterized
   as questionable Web gambling sites.
   Doyle appeared before a Senate technology subcommittee studying a bill
   by Kyl to ban gaming on the World Wide Web.
   Doyle said Web gaming has grown from a "sleeping giant" to a developed
   industry that must be stopped. To demonstrate how easy it is to gamble
   online, he played a videotaped sample of online casinos such as the
   "Golden Palace," where Web surfers can use credit cards to play craps,
   keno, slots and blackjack, among other games.
   Doyle noted the Internet gambling industry even has its own online
   newsletter, "Rolling Good Times," which now is conducting an online
   poll where people can bet - for fun - on whether Congress will pass
   Kyl's bill.
   "Who knows what's on the other end of this screen?" Doyle said. "Who
   knows if those cards are fair? Who knows whether organized criminal
   activity is involved?"
   Bryan said he has "no confidence whatsoever that gaming on the
   Internet can be regulated now or at any time in the future."
   "Unlike the heavily regulated casinos in Nevada, Internet wagering is
   unregulated, and since many of these sites operate off-shore it is
   beyond the reach of U.S. authorities," he said. "Such a scenario is
   ripe for consumer fraud."
   Web gambling is catching on rapidly, with one estimate reporting 25
   gaming sites and 100 more in the works. Bryan called Internet betting
   "something that's kind of mushroomed."
   Internet users can gamble online with a credit card or by setting up
   an account. There is no way to stop children from gambling on the
   information superhighway, say supporters of the Kyl bill.
   "Bringing gaming directly into people's homes, as we are beginning to
   see through the Internet, is so full of potential problems and so far
   beyond the ability of any state to regulate that despite whatever
   business potential it may have it needs to be prohibited on a national
   level," Bryan said.
   Kyl's bill, backed by the National Association of Attorneys General,
   would punish those who set up Internet gaming Web sites with a fine of
   up to $10,000, two years in prison or both. Those who made an online
   wager would face one year in prison and a $5,000 fine.
   [2]| Top of page |    1. LYNXIMGMAP:
   2.

@_date: 1997-07-30 07:02:20
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 0728dod.html 
[1][ISMAP]
   [2]
   [LINK] [LINK]
   [1.][January..] ___Audio
                     ___Video __ [3][ISMAP]-[4][USEMAP]
                           [5][ISMAP]-[6][USEMAP]
                               July 29, 1997
                Internet Technology Invades Dept. Of Defense
                         (07/228/97; 4:00 p.m. EDT)
                By Saroja Girishankar, [7]CommunicationsWeek
    When it comes to embracing Web technologies, no organization in the
    world has mobilized its forces as extensively as the U.S. Department
                                of Defense.
    In what could become a textbook example for other nations and major
      businesses, the DOD's deployment of Web servers and browsers is
   expected to encompass 2 million users across an assortment of military
   and civilian agencies, making it the world's largest single community
    of Web users. To date, 1.5 million Web browsers have been installed
            across DOD's classified and nonclassified intranets.
   Already, Web servers at 16 major server sites, applications across 530
    military command sites and an additional 37 component command sites
   provide a secure environment for tens of thousands of high-level Army,
     Navy and Air Force personnel, plus the joint chiefs of staff. They
    will use it to plan military exercises, perform logistics for troop
      movement, ready medical services and other operations related to
                                  combat.
   The ultimate goal is to provide all military personnel in need with a
    single, multimedia view of military command, control, communications
    and intelligence information, regardless of where they are located,
    according to Frank Perry, technical director for the engineering and
      interoperability directorate and the joint interoperability and
                         engineering organization.
       Perry said Web technologies, from basic E-mail, newsgroups and
    Internet chat rooms to more advanced Java programs, are making that
                                 possible.
                           Extending DOD's Reach
    "The Web browser and applications have made a profound difference in
    getting more and more things to more and more people in the DOD, and
      basically have given us a broader, faster and simpler reach for
     various applications in a truly network-centric way," Perry said.
   One area where this plays out is managing the movement and deployment
                         of U.S. troops in Bosnia.
   According to Lt. General Albert Edmonds, who last month retired after
     a three-year stint as director of the Defense Information Systems
      Agency (DISA), and who oversaw the Web implementations, critical
     information related to the deployments were downloaded and easily
     replicated across secure Web servers that could be accessed by all
                             parties involved.
     Regardless of the different desktops and laptops, personnel could
    download and access information, and the distributed format reduced
    bandwidth congestion as well. Before the Web rollout, most databases
     were on mainframes and could be accessed only by a small group of
                                  people.
      The DOD, along with other government agencies, has for some time
   relied on commercial products and technologies for faster development
       and lower costs. DISA, which is responsible for operating four
     networks -- the Defense Information Systems Network (DISN), Global
   Command and Control System (GCCS), Global Combat Support System (GCCS)
        and the Defense Messaging System (DMS) -- under the umbrella
   organization called the Defense Information Infrastructure -- has been
       moving its antiquated mainframe-based networks to distributed
         [8]TCP/IP[LINK] networks and other emerging technologies.
      According to Perry, all GCCS users are being moved to Windows NT
   desktops outfitted with browsers from both Netscape Communications and
     Microsoft. This enables them to exchange E-mail and participate in
    newsgroups and Internet relay chat for planning military exercises.
   For GCCS and GCSS users who have real-time needs of even more reliable
    and secure access, existing Unix clients will be retained. Users who
   have traditionally been using Unix-client software are being gradually
   moved to thin clients that use browsers with Java applets. Over time,
            all GCSS users will also be given similar software.
   Lastly, both GCCS and GCSS are moving to Java-based applications with
     authentication and cryptographical capabilities required for high
     security. Perry said Microsoft's [9]ActiveX[LINK] has not been an
   option because it allows executable content to move around distributed
     environments in a mobile mode and raises security questions. Java
    Virtual Machine and its sandbox construction offer better assurance,
                                  he said.
    Perry said GCCS and GCSS operate over a high-security TCP/IP router
    network called the Secret Internet Protocol Router Network that has
   500 core routers as well as hundreds of routers at regional and local
    networks linked to a WAN using a [10]T3[LINK] line. A nonclassified
    network, called the Nonclassified Internet Protocol Router Network,
       which is made up of [11]ATM[LINK] switches and TCP/IP routers,
    provides the basic infrastructure for all of DOD. Although only data
    traffic now goes over ATM, plans are for future transmission of all
               voice, data and video over that cell network.
                      DMS Affected By Web Technologies
   The adoption of Web technologies is affecting plans for the DMS. Perry
      and Tom Clark, the DMS program manager, said they will adopt the
     emerging Internet Message Access Protocol 4 -- the Internet E-mail
     standard that promises to let disparate E-mail clients and servers
    talk to each other. DMS, which is expected to have 250,000 users by
      year's end and 2 million during the next few years, is an X.400
          electronic messaging backbone under construction at DOD.
   DISA said the GCCS, which replaced the older mainframe-based Worldwide
      Military Command and Control System, was completed in 21 months
    instead of the typical five years previously required. In addition,
   the agency said it expects savings of $260 million in the systems and
       operational costs of its networks during the next five years.
   "Using and adapting the commercial Web technologies permits [the DOD]
    not to spend 20 years building military-unique systems from scratch
    and it requires less training of our users," said Emmett Paige Jr.,
      president and COO at OAO, a Greenbelt, Md., systems integrator.
      Paige was the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Command, Control,
      Communications and Intelligence) until he retired last month. He
    headed the DOD's adoption of a common operating environment and the
                  move to TCP/IP and Web technologies. end
                           Related articles from:
                              [12]Techsearch                        Search TechWire & CMP Archives
                           [All CMP Publications]
                            ____________________
                                   ______
            [13]Get TechWeb Delivered -- Subscribe now for FREE!
                               Sponsored By:
     [14]In the time it takes to read this, SnapShot (TM) can duplicate
                        your enterprise data. (IBM)                                 [15]TechWire
                              + [16]Headlines
                             + [17]Top Stories
                               + [18]Industry
                              + [19]Financial
                            + [20]Internet Daily
                               + [21]Software
                              + [22]Networking
                              + [23]Components
                               + [24]Hardware
                            + [25]International
                    [26]Techsearch Search the archives:
                              _______________
                                ___ TechWire
                              ___ All CMP Pubs
                                   ______
                          [27][LINK] = Link to our
                           [28]tech encyclopedia
                               for more info.
                      [29]Click here to visit NetGuide
                          [30][ISMAP]-[31][USEMAP]
     _________________________________________________________________
                                [32][USEMAP]
   1.    2.    3.    4. LYNXIMGMAP:
   5.    6. LYNXIMGMAP:
   7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31. LYNXIMGMAP:
  32. LYNXIMGMAP:

@_date: 1997-07-31 07:28:26
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Get your house in order or we bulldoze it 
[1]CNN logo
   [2][ISMAP]-[3]Navigation
   [4]Infoseek/Big Yellow
   [5]Pathfinder/Warner Bros
   Tech banner [6]IBM RS/6000 Technology. From Deep Blue. To Deep Space.
                                    rule
              Internet groups seek consensus on domain name flap
     July 29, 1997
     Web posted at: 9:24 p.m. EDT (0124 GMT)
     WASHINGTON (Reuter) - A diverse array of Internet groups will meet
     Wednesday to try to hash out a consensus on the contentious issue
     of expanding Internet addresses.
     The online community has largely avoided government regulation on
     issues like privacy and indecency by forging broad agreements
     relying on private-sector solutions.
     But a red-hot feud has broken out over the seemingly mundane
     question of how best to expand the number of network addresses,
     like "cnn.com" or "whitehouse.gov," that direct e-mail, Web surfing
     and all other Internet activity.
     The mess is already drawing substantial attention from the
     government.
     The Clinton administration has formed an inter-agency task force to
     examine the address issue, and in June the Commerce Department
     asked for suggestions on how the system could be fixed. Earlier
     this month, the Justice Department confirmed it was conducting an
     antitrust probe into address registrations.
     The Commerce Department's comment period ends next month, so with
     further government involvement imminent, several Internet groups
     outside of the dispute arranged two days of meetings this week at a
     Washington hotel to bring together the warring factions.
     "If we can lower some of the divisiveness and get people talking in
     a constructive way, we'll feel we've accomplished something," said
     Harris Miller, president of the Information technology Association
     of America, which is co-sponsoring the meeting.
     "We hope at the end of the conference that there is a constructive
     dialogue under way," Miller said, noting that his group has no
     official position on the Internet address question.
     Currently, all Internet addresses end with two or three letter
     designation known as a "top-level domain."
     Although each country has its own top-level domain, many addresses
     are registered in a handful of generic domains including ".com" for
     commercial sites, ".edu" for schools and ".org" for non-profit
     groups.
     Network Solutions Inc. of Herndon, Virginia, has an exclusive
     contract from the National Science Foundation to register addresses
     in the most popular generic top-level domains. But the agreement
     expires in March 1998, and the science agency has said the contract
     will not be renewed.
     Available addresses in the popular domains are shrinking fast,
     leading to bidding wars over desirable names and, in some cases,
     lawsuits by trademark holders claiming infringement.
     Network Solutions has also been criticized for charging $100 for a
     two-year registration, and a recent computer error by the firm
     scrambled the 'Net for hours and highlighted the vulnerability of
     the current system.
     In February, a group of traditional Internet standards-setting
     bodies agreed on a plan to add seven new top-level domains and add
     up to 28 competing registries. The plan gained the support of some
     major players, including MCI Communications Corp, but failed to
     garner the backing of online services such as America Online Inc.
     The plan is still expected to form the basis of an eventual
     compromise, but Network Solutions has its own plan, as does a group
     of small Internet Service providers known as the Enhanced Domain
     Name Service.
     Copyright 1997 [7]Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.
   1.    2.    3. LYNXIMGMAP:
   4.    5.    6.    7.

@_date: 1997-08-01 16:52:35
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Self-imposed censorship 
"Arresting Katherine was the government's way of taping our mouths
shut. Yet they had to realize that beating heads was the last way to
tame minds. Benevolence was always the first choice of rule for our
ancient emperors. The goal was to make people obey with their hearts
instead of with their mouths."
 -_Katherine_, by Anchee Min
"Ye have locked yerselves up in cages of fear - and behold, do ye
now complain that ye lack FREEDOM!"
 - _Principia Discordia_
It is not enough to fear Big Brother. You must love him.
"There's no way the federal government could oppress the citizens, because
the populace is armed to the teeth, and the officials would just get their
heads blown off."
 - James Madison argues the pro-government position, Federalist Papers

@_date: 1997-08-05 09:19:22
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: cta983.htm 
[1]Score big with your contacts. Click here for ACT!3.0
  U.S. government stepping in to sort out Net domain names
   WASHINGTON - Concerns about the future of how Internet domain names
   will be managed got an airing during a two-day forum last week. But
   how those concerns may get addressed remains unresolved.
   The domain name issue has drawn a lot of attention lately. The company
   that has a virtual monopoly on popular names, Network Solutions Inc.
   (NSI), has been notified that it will not have its contract renewed in
   April 1998. Many say that will bring much needed competition.
   Recently, the Clinton administration has gotten involved in the issue
   on various levels. The Justice Department is investigating NSI's role
   as a primary domain name registrar.
   Beyond that, the Departments of Commerce and State are looking into a
   plan, issued three months ago by the Internet International Ad Hoc
   Committee (IAHC), that would increase the amount of domain names
   (designations such as .com and .org) used on the Internet. The plan
   also expands the worldwide management of those names so that up to 28
   new registrars may be added.
   The administration's involvement came after many businesses complained
   about the proposed plan's lack of protection for trademark and
   intellectual property rights.
   A two-day forum to address such concerns was held here Wednesday and
   Thursday. Sponsored by the Information Technology Association of
   America and other Internet groups, it was attended by representatives
   of the Clinton administration, businesses and advocates. "We have to
   keep the Internet community talking," says ITAA president Harris
   Miller.
   Domain names are essentially addresses for the Internet. Companies,
   agencies or groups apply for an individual address within such domains
   as .com, .gov, or .org. As use of the Internet has grown, companies
   have put increasing importance on obtaining and protecting domain
   names related to their companies.
   When entities apply to NSI, it charges $100 to register new addresses
   for two years and $50 annually to renew them. NSI then finds an
   Internet number, just like a telephone number, to correspond with the
   domain address.
   Many have complained about NSI's inability to quickly provide domain
   registrations. In its proposed stock offering, NSI says it is
   cooperating with the Justice Department inquiry. And at the forum, NSI
   CEO Gabe Battista said that sharing management of .com, .net and .org
   domains was "on the table."
   The U.S. government has nurtured the Internet to its present strapping
   status from its birth in 1969 as the Defense Department's Advanced
   Research Projects Agency network. "We're very anxious to support its
   transition to full-fledged adulthood," says Commerce Department
   spokesperson Becky Burr. "But we don't just let our children grow up
   and do whatever they want."
   The Internet community usually seeks to avoid government intervention,
   but so far, U.S. government's actions have been met with approval.
   Among complaints about the international plan is that it did not have
   adequate participation by Internet service providers or groups
   representing individual citizens, plus it gives too much power to the
   Geneva-based International Telecommunication Union.
   "Our customers are not well-served by (the plan's) rapid resolution,"
   says William Schrader, president of PSINet, a large commercial
   Internet service provider. "The government has held back on purpose.
   But there is a time governments can assist, and this is one of those
   times."
   The State Department has asked for more information on the Geneva
   agency's role in the management of proposed new domains, among them
   .firm, .rec and .web. The Commerce Department takes public comments
   until Aug. 18.
   The Ad-Hoc Committee continues its plan and is taking registrar
   applications. But, says committee member Dave Crocker, an Internet
   e-mail pioneer, "We'll all keep talking."
   By Mike Snider, USA TODAY
     _________________________________________________________________
     * [2]Go to High-tech index
     * [3]Go to Life Front
     * [4]Go to Lifeline
     * [5]Go to Money Front
     * [6]Go to Moneyline
     * [7]Go to News Front
     * [8]Go to Nationline
     _________________________________________________________________
     * [9]Go to Web Traveler
   [10][ISMAP]
08/04/97 - 09:58 AM ET - Click reload often for latest version
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 1997-08-08 17:29:26
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: arg8797.htm 
News Story
                          Thursday August 7, 1997
   ______________________________________________________________________
                                                     [1]Back to Tech News
                                                                [2][LINK]
   Government of Argentine not happy with the Net
   [3]Ken Rutkowski  Tech Talk News
   Argentina's coordinator for the Secretary of Communications has
   announced government plans to intervene in Internet service provision
   within the country in order to establish standards of cost and
   quality.
   "We are very dissatisfied with the degree of Internet diffusion," says
   Alejandro Garro. "The government is worried about the low level of
   penetration that the service has in Argentina both geographically and
   in terms of income classes."
   Garro is critical of the high cost of the service and the low number
   of Internet subscribers, estimated to around 75,000. He blames the low
   level of investment by national service providers and has announced
   that a public inquiry will deal with the issue.
   However, the Secretary of Communications official maintains that no
   government restrictions will be applied to the political, social,
   religious or educational content of the Internet, as has recently
   happened in the U.S.
   "In the government resolutions which paved the way for the Internet
   into Argentina, clear reference is made that there exists no way in
   which its contents can be regulated," Garro says.
   South America's current statistics shows Argentina's internet growth
   to be the second to Brazil.
   [4]Listen To Today's World Technology Round Up
          ________________________________________________________
                     [ [5]Welcome] [ [6]Mailing List ]
    [ [7]Inside Sources ] [ [8]What's New] [ [9]Cool Links ] [ [10]Audio
                                 Archives]
   1.    2.    3. mailto:ken
   4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 1997-08-08 17:03:46
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Whining for 'Accountability' 
Net crime begs questions: Who to call?
   By [38]Janet Kornblum
   August 5, 1997, 8:00 p.m. PT
   On June 10, out of the blue, Bruce Hovland's business phone started
   ringing off the hook. The people calling weren't happy.
   They all demanded to know the same thing: How did they get on his
   mailing list? They also insisted, not always nicely, that he not send
   them the pornography he had apparently promised them in an email. They
   didn't order any porn, they said.
   Hovland doesn't send out pornography for a living, and he hadn't sent
   angry callers any email, either.
   In fact, Hovland is a Florida businessman who rents out an inland
   marina and markets various products like construction materials, none
   of which have anything to do with porn, email, or the Internet. He
   surfs for educational reasons and sometimes sends mail, but that's
   about it.
   According to Hovland, he is a victim of a crime. Someone--he thinks he
   knows who--sent out an email to possibly thousands of people telling
   them that "in 48 hours your credit card will be charged $184.80" for
   three adult videos. Recipients were then told they could not reply by
   email but "If we do not hear from you within 48 hours, we will assume
   everything is correct and make the charge to your card."
   The email supplied contact numbers, all belonging to Hovland. Perhaps
   adding insult to injury, the email said "you may call collect you if
   you wish."
   Hovland estimates there were thousands of calls from everywhere. "I've
   been pretty much threatened from all corners of the world," he said.
   He added he reported the incident to the local sheriff's department
   and to the [39]FBI and Secret Service.
   "I think I've been internationally defamed. I'm known worldwide as a
   porn dealer."
   But that's not even the part that bothers him the most: Hovland said
   this incident alerted him to the fact that there's no place to deal
   specifically with Internet crimes. Now, he wants to do something about
   it.
   "I believe that the entity, the Internet, is accountable. The freedom
   of it is what makes it so great, but they need to police it. They need
   to have 911 [for the] Internet."
   He's already gotten support from one person: Philip Kirschner, a law
   student who received the spam and called Hovland to cancel the order.
   Kirschner is helping to mount a campaign for legislation or some sort
   of task force.
   Hovland said he and a friend started tracing the email spam. With some
   luck, he explained, he figured out that it came from a wanted man who
   had fled the country and left his boat and car at Hovland's marina
   without paying rent. Hovland eventually sold the goods, but catching
   the alleged culprit is a different story; suing him would be nearly
   impossible.
   Hovland said he's lost two weeks worth of work. But he noted it could
   have been a lot worse: Someone could have directed the spam victims to
   a hospital switchboard or some other business that counts on their
   phones to help save lives.
   "Anyone can be a victim, whether you're an Internet user or not. If a
   guy can be in a foreign country and pinpoint his harassment and maybe
   be unprosecutable, there's a major problem. International harassment
   via the Internet can be an extremely volatile thing. It's a lot more
   serious than some fat white guy in Florida getting harassed."
   Now he hopes the spam and his experience will lead to something
   bigger, maybe even a movement that speaks for the average person who
   winds up being a victim of a Net crime.
   "A regular businessman in this society can be victimized at the point
   of a mouse," Hovland said. "They could literally put me out of
   business if they continued. It's bizarre."
    related news stories
     [40]CNET Special Feature: Dark side of the Web July 18, 1997
     [41]Laws of cyberland April 25, 1997
     [42]CNET Special Report: Crime on the Net February 7, 1997
     [43]States mull harassment laws January 31, 1997
     [44]States fight harassment December 16, 1996
     [45]FBI in Net porn probe December 12, 1996
  38. mailto:janetk
  39.   40.   41.   42.   43.   44.   45.

@_date: 1997-08-12 19:27:43
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 5881.html 
[1][Masthead]
   []
   [2][Navigation bar]
   [3][Stocks] __________
   ______________
   [4][Search] [5][WIRED magazine]
   Matt Richtel -->
   []
   [6][Back] He Tries to Draw Legal Borders in Cyberspace
   by [7]Matt Richtel    5:04am  11.Aug.97.PDT In one of the first undercover stings ever run
   on the Internet, Missouri Attorney General Jeremiah "Jay" Nixon in
   late June handed an 18-year-old intern a credit card and sat her down
   in front of a computer terminal. According to court records, the
   intern visited the World Wide Web site of [8]Hog's Head Beer Cellars
   of Greensboro, North Carolina. She succeeded in ordering a 12-pack of
   microbrews, which were duly delivered.
   Then Nixon swung into action. He filed a lawsuit against Hog's Head,
   alleging that the company had not asked for a driver's license number
   from the intern or taken other steps to prevent a minor from
   purchasing alcohol.
   "There was no mention on the Web site that you have to be of age,"
   Nixon said. "It's safe to say that any establishment in the state of
   Missouri [that similarly served drinks to minors] would lose their
   license."
   Co-owner Jim Lowe concedes that Hog's Head lacked an age-checking
   mechanism when Nixon sicced the minor on him, and says that
   shortcoming has been remedied by requiring customers to fax a signed
   waiver form and copy of their drivers' license to get an order
   processed.
   Protecting sovereignty, defining borders
   Nixon's beef is not, however, merely about selling alcohol to minors.
   He speaks of protecting the sovereignty of states and of maintaining
   order in the increasingly borderless world created by the Net. His
   targets say, not surprisingly, that he has another agenda, too: waving
   the flag of supposed cyberspace lawlessness to win votes for his 1998
   US Senate campaign.
   "He's using this as a political springboard," said Lowe. "People are
   emailing us saying: Doesn't the AG have anything better to do than
   surf the Internet?"
   Over the past three months, Nixon has made an increasingly visible
   effort to crack down on what he alleges are illegal businesses run by
   Web-based firms. He has twice sued online gambling businesses, in one
   case winning a fine.
   Nixon said that he has taken a tough stand on the issues, particularly
   in the case of Internet gaming, because the federal government has
   dropped the ball on regulation.
   "We're going to have to, as 50 different states, get very, very active
   that the protections afforded our constituents continue," Nixon said,
   adding that in the case of gaming, "The federal government has
   basically been AWOL."
   Interference with commerce?
   Legal entanglements aside, Lowe said he has a bigger problem with
   Nixon's approach.
   Instead of trying to clarify how the law might operate in cyberspace,
   Nixon is actually interfering with Internet-based commerce. And Lowe
   numbers himself among the growing number of merchants that feel they
   need the Internet to compete.
   Meanwhile, Nixon finds himself fighting perhaps more visible cases
   with two gaming businesses on the Internet. In April, he filed a
   lawsuit against Interactive Gaming & Communications Corp., accusing
   the Pennsylvania company of setting up a casino that violates Missouri
   gaming laws and fails to caution citizens of the Show Me state that
   what the site promotes is against the law.
   Nixon won an initial victory in May, when a court ordered Interactive
   Gaming to pay $66,050 in penalties and costs. Nixon said the firm
   refused to pay or to back down. So in June, he asked the grand jury in
   Springfield to indict Interactive Gaming president Michael Simone. In
   what is believed to be the first criminal indictment of its kind in
   the nation, the grand jury handed down a charge of promoting gambling
   in the first degree, a Missouri Class D felony that could carry a
   five-year prison sentence and $5,000 fine for Simone and a $10,000
   fine for his company.
   Interactive Gaming's attorney, Lawrence Elliott Hirsch of
   Philadelphia, said in a statement that Missouri has no jurisdiction
   over them. "Michael Simone has never set foot within the state of
   Pennsylvania," said Hirsch. "Mr. Nixon should not be permitted to be a
   super-regulator/legislator of activities conducted lawfully on the
   Internet."
   Nixon's response was cool. "Missouri law makes only narrow exception
   for legal gambling, and the Internet is not one of those exceptions,"
   he said.
   Battling a tribal lottery
   Nixon is also embroiled in a dispute with Idaho's Coeur d'Alene
   Indians. Early this summer, he filed suit to prevent the tribe from
   offering its Web-based US Lottery game in Missouri. As in the
   Interactive Gaming case, Nixon alleges that the Coeur d'Alene are
   violating Missouri law - this time because they have not received
   permission to operate a lottery.
   Uncertainty about who really has jurisdiction over Indian gambling
   complicates the case. The 1988 federal Indian Gaming Regulatory Act
   permits tribes to establish casinos on their land, with the permission
   of their home-state governments. The Coeur d'Alene argue that since
   they have permission from Idaho, and since the Net lottery is run
   exclusively on their land, they should be able to offer it anywhere
   they please.
   "All the gaming is happening on Indian land - the server is there, the
   random drawing is there, the game itself is played there, the customer
   service is there, the cash account is there," said Mike Yacenda,
   president of Unistar Entertainment, a Connecticut company that manages
   the Coeur d'Alene lottery. "This is the only legal lottery site on the
   Internet."
   David Matheson, chief executive officer for gaming for the Coeur
   d'Alene, accuses Missouri of trying to keep the tribe down. "You can
   stand in their lines and buy their lottery tickets," he said. "They're
   trying to make us a poster child for their political games."
   The legal nature of the Net
   Nixon's stance on the Coeur d'Alene puts him at odds with the many who
   argue that efforts to legislate Net activity - whether the subject is
   gambling, pornography, spam, or taxation - is doomed to failure
   because of the network's diffuse global nature.
   But the attorney general doesn't buy any of that. He said there's a
   big difference between Missouri's legal gaming, such as on riverboats,
   and the intrusions from the outside. He argues that Internet-based
   casinos are merely trying to excuse unregulated activity on the
   specious basis that technology makes everything different. Or that
   when an activity is legal in one area - for example, a reservation -
   it should be universally legal because of the Internet.
   Nixon said if that's the case, other states or countries will use the
   Net to import activities or substances that are illegal in Missouri
   but legal in their place of origin. That gets to what Nixon said is
   his larger point: Some Internet businesses are threatening Missouri's
   sovereignty and someone needs to "draw a line."
   "If we don't draw these lines," he said, "then there are no lines."
   Find related stories from the Web's top news sites with [9]NewBot
   [10][Back] [11][Navigation strip]
   [12]Rants & Raves: Send your rants and raves to Wired News.
   [13]Tips: Have a story or tip for Wired News? Send it.
   [14]Copyright (c) 1993-97 Wired Ventures Inc. and affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.
   [15][HotWired and HotBot]
   [] []
   [16]Oracle
   [Politics]
   POLITICS
   Today's Headlines
   [17]Info Watchdogs Challenge FBI Wiretap Plan
   [18]Amid Cycling Uproar, Evidence Goes Online
   [19]He Tries to Draw Legal Borders in Cyberspace
   [20]ACLU: Labeling May Lead to Lost Liberty
   [21]Scans: Spinning the FCC
   [22]Invitation to a Beheading
   [23]Oracle
   1. LYNXIMGMAP:
   2. LYNXIMGMAP:
   3.    4. LYNXIMGMAP:
   5.    6.    7. mailto:matrichtel
   8.    9.   10.   11. LYNXIMGMAP:
  12.   13. mailto:tips
  14.   15. LYNXIMGMAP:
  16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:47:06
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 3.html 
[1]SIDEBAR                           [2]Newsbytes Advertising
China Internet Roaming Hit By Clampdown
   ****China Internet Roaming Hit By Clampdown 08/18/97 HONG KONG, CHINA,
   1997 AUG 18 (NB) -- By Neil Taylor, IT Daily. Business travelers in
   China have had their Internet access hit by severe restrictions placed
   on roaming services by authorities.
   The trouble began a month ago, after officials began examining access
   services provided by Equant, a division of international airline
   network service provider SITA.
   Sources within SITA were unable to confirm the precise circumstances,
   but it appears that officials from within China's Posts Telephone and
   Telegraphs administration were unhappy with the fact that the company
   was reselling access to third parties including iPass, CompuServe and
   America Online.
   As a result, Equant was forced to suspend much of its non-airline
   business, including Internet roaming services. "We had to basically
   cut back on non-airline users, so this could be a case of our having
   to cut off some of the dead wood to save the airline side," a SITA
   executive admitted.
   "Our relationship with China is kind of up and down. It's not with the
   government; we get along with them fine; it's with the local PTTs," he
   added.
   The restrictions meant that iPass lost its points of presence (POPs)
   in Guangzhou, Tianjin, Shanghai and Xiamen. Following the closures,
   iPass also suspended POPs in Brunei, Cuba, French Polynesia, India,
   Burma, Saudi Arabia, Thailand and Vietnam.
   Among iPass partners affected by the clampdown, Hong Kong ISPs are
   likely to be worst affected. But Abel Lau, president of Hong Kong ISP
   I-Wave, said his company had not been badly hit by the problem.
   "We do not have many users in China, and they've been using access in
   Beijing, so we haven't had many problems." I-Wave estimates that
   "maybe one percent" of its members use iPass roaming services in
   China.
   Chris Moore, president and CEO of iPass, said his company would soon
   announce solutions for affected customers. "We are actively working on
   expanding our access in China," he said." We have several access
   points in Beijing and anticipate coverage in Shanghai, southern China
   and other parts of the country very soon."
   "We know China is a very important market," Moore told Newsbytes. "We
   were working with providers there before this situation arose. We have
   always been committed to that market and want to develop strong and
   lasting relationships with the right organizations. Our relationship
   with Equant (SITA) remains strong, this is an issue we worked closely
   on."
   (19970819/ Reported By Newsbytes News Network:
   [3] /CHINASCREEN/PHOTO)
   [4]Copyright (c)Newsbytes News Network. All rightsreserved. For more
   Newsbytes see          [5]Home | [6]Daily | [7]Weekly | [8]Publishers | [9]Search
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:45:39
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: SL33spam2 
[1][LINK]
      [2]index [3]home [4]News [5]audio [6]search [7]help [8]techcity
                               computerworld
                   Spam attacks send angry firms to court
                       Stewart Deck and Matt Hamblen
                                  08/18/97
        Internet spam is no longer a joke to angry businesses. They
    increasingly are fighting back with civil and criminal lawsuits and
    offering rewards for information leading to arrests. In some cases,
                 users are even trying chargeback tactics.
    Driving the get-tough attitude is mounting frustration over crippled
      and lost business because of overloaded electronic-mail servers,
   trademark infringement and the nefarious combination of return address
       impersonation known as spoofing and blasts of spamming E-mail
        advertisements. Faced in some instances with death threats,
    exasperated and angry World Wide Web site administrators are trying
    anything and everything including offering bounties for the names of
           spammers and risking online vendettas in the process.
                               IMAGE AT STAKE
       Particularly vulnerable to spamming which some observers call
    ``Internet terrorism'' is a company's image, which businesses spend
            untold dollars building, maintaining and protecting.
    One high-profile example is Samsung America, Inc.'s nightmare, which
   began July 19 when a fake advertisement blasted across the Internet to
   millions of electronic mailboxes. The angry replies caught Samsung by
               surprise it hadn't sent out the advertisement.
        Other messages bearing Samsung's return address have swamped
     unsuspecting mailboxes since then, including a missive purportedly
        from a Samsung attorney claiming ``fraudulent and actionable
   transgressions'' on the recipient's part. Two of Samsung's Web-hosted
    clients La Costa Resorts and Big Dog Sportswear also had suggestive
       and misleading advertising messages sent out with their names
       attached. They, in turn, have been inundated with complaints.
    Samsung has been so hard hit getting 6,000 to 10,000 E-mail messages
     per day and hundreds of telephone calls worldwide that the FBI is
   looking into the matter. Samsung has spent millions of dollars on its
          brand image and desperately wants the spamming to stop.
   ``We assume whoever is doing this buys lists of E-mail addresses from
   someone,'' said Sang Cho, Samsung's in-house counsel, in an interview
   with Computerworld. But the company doesn't know why or who holds the
       grudge. It intends to file civil and criminal charges when the
                          perpetrator is unmasked.
      Fake ads are the latest twist in spoofing and spamming. The Dr.
   Seussian terms describe an underhanded sneak attack that tries to get
        ads in front of as many unsuspecting eyeballs as possible by
      impersonating a responsible sender. For example, Strong Capital
     Management, Inc., a financial services company in Menomonee Falls,
   Wis., is suing a spammer for allegedly stealing its address, thinking
    that recipients would be more likely to open mail from a prestigious
       firm than an ordinary Internet marketer. Such mail is hated by
          recipients and is a bane of Internet service providers.
                               FIGHTING BACK
   But now the impersonated legions are beginning to fight back. Although
   there are no results in any of these cases yet, here is a sampling of
            businesses going on the offensive with their beefs:
   Two operators at SFF Net, a commercial online service used by science
    fiction and fantasy writers, have filed suit in Kings County, N.Y.,
     against Carlos Lattin for sending out spamming E-mails with their
   forged return addresses. Their lawsuit claims trademark infringement,
    unfair competition, defamation and false designation of origin. The
      plaintiffs used New York laws to make the alleged impersonator's
              Internet service provider divulge Lattins name.
    A novice junk mailer was sued in May by an online floral information
    service run by Tracy LaQuey Parker, an Internet author and education
    market development manager at Cisco Systems, Inc. Parker opened the
    site's electronic mailbox one morning in March and saw what Samsung,
   La Costa and SFF Net have experienced: an avalanche of returned E-mail
    and angry letters. ``I was shocked by the onslaught,'' Parker said.
    Jon Tara, operator of San Diego's Live.Net site, has experienced the
      same problem, but he hasn't been able to track down the spoofing
      impersonator. He is offering a $100 reward for positive personal
   identification of the spoofer. A message on the site from Tara to the
    spamming perpetrator says, ``I am going to hound you to the ends of
    the earth once I find out who you are. You will regret having used a
    Live.Net return address. If you are lucky, I will never find out who
    you are. If you are unlucky, I will. It will be the worst luck that
     you've ever had.'' Tara has fought with a service provider who has
     stopped shutting down spammers and wont provide Tara with identity
    information, claiming privacy requirements. The provider has called
                      Taras bounty offer vigilantism.
     In February, Matthew Seidl, a Colorado University computer science
     student, filed a lawsuit against Greentree Mortgage and an unnamed
    bulk E-mailer for allegedly sending out a batch of spam with Seidl's
   ``nobody address in the From and Return-Path headers.
    Seidl said in an Internet posting that he decided to take ``whatever
   legal actions we have to take to restore our good name and recover the
   damages we suffered. We are doing our part to put an end to this type
                              of net abuse.''
                              UNLIMITED ACCESS
    Such attacks are difficult to deal with, said Nina Burns, an analyst
   at Creative Networks, Inc. in Palo Alto, Calif. ``Wackos have so much
    access to information that it becomes scary for an individual,'' she
     said. ``But until authentication and digital signature technology
         become more widespread, I'm not sure what the answer is.''
    ``We need some sort of digital Caller ID,'' said Jonathan Wheat, an
   analyst at the National Computer Security Association in Carlisle, Pa.
          Until then, Wheat said, this may be the price we pay for
                   ever-increasing Internet connectivity.
     _________________________________________________________________
                            See related stories:
     * [9]Service providers won't release names
     * [10]Internet providers fight back against spammers
   [11]index [12]home [13]News [14]audio [15]search [16]help [17]techcity
                               computerworld
                                 [18][LINK]
   Copyright (c) 1997  All rights reserved. Reproduction in
     whole or in part in any form or medium without express [19]written
       permission of  is prohibited. Computerworld and
          and the respective logos are trademarks of
                            Computerworld, Inc.
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:48:11
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 230_081897_112201_31203.html 
[1][ISMAP]
                                 [2][LINK]
               [3]Click here for Microsoft Intranet Solutions
                        [4]Content For Your Intranet
        [5]Click here for Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 Preview 2
         Commentary: In Japan, Moves to Regulate the Net [6][LINK]
                                 [7][LINK]
                              By TOMOKO SAITO
                         c.1997 Asahi News Service
     T he following commentary appears in Asahi Shimbun, one of Japan's
                            leading newspapers:
                                   -----
      Abusive uses of the Internet, such as the illegal posting of the
       photograph and name of a juvenile suspect in recent Kobe child
    killings, have spurred government officials to consider bringing the
                     Net under some kind of regulation.
    Violations of privacy and libel cases began increasing conspicuously
   last year, giving rise to calls for the companies that provide access
                to the Internet to adopt voluntary controls.
   In February last year, a Tokyo company employee who opened a home page
   with a Japanese provider was arrested by the Tokyo Metropolitan Police
      Department on charges of displaying obscene images. A series of
                        arrests was made elsewhere.
      This spring, advisory bodies to the Posts and Telecommunications
       Ministry and the Ministry of International Trade and Industry
                  recommended that some rules be drafted.
    The Telecom Services Association of Japan, a trade body having about
      400 providers as members, drew up draft guidelines for voluntary
      regulation. The guidelines call for providers to take action for
             improvement in response to complaints from users.
          Some providers have drafted manuals for self-regulation.
   The circulation of the Kobe student's photograph and his real name on
     the Net had a particularly strong impact, prompting authorities to
            think that voluntary regulations may be inadequate.
   But official regulation could deprive the Internet of its good points.
     The best thing about the Net is that it enables people to exchange
          information freely. That is why it has grown so rapidly.
   There are areas where new systems are needed to protect users, such as
      electronic financial transactions. But in areas relating to the
   freedom of expression, a cautious approach is required in dealing with
    abuses, so that the good points of the Internet will not suffer from
                                regulation.
    What is unique about the Net is that anyone, in addition to being a
      recipient of information through the system, can easily become a
    supplier of information. That becomes possible for anyone who owns a
       personal computer, a communications modem and has access to a
    telephone circuit. A contract signed with a provider enables him or
                 her to open a home page on the Net freely.
    Popular home pages have thousands of accesses a day, which gives an
             individual the influence of a publishing company.
   The Internet has the potential of transforming contemporary society in
       which those who send out information - such as newspapers and
   television stations - are separate from those who receive it - such as
                             people in general.
   In Europe, calls to bring the Net under control started to mount last
     year. In Germany, a so-called multimedia law was passed in July to
      stipulate the scope of providers' responsibility in dealing with
     troubles, such as human rights violations and libel cases. The law
    requires providers to appoint officials to handle complaints or give
    advice on the impact on juveniles of violent and obscene information
                                on the Net.
   Also in July, a working group set up by the Organization for Economic
       Cooperation and Development held its first meeting to discuss
    international cooperation to bring the Net under control. France and
        Belgium were particularly vocal in calling for such a group.
   Compared with the Europeans, the Americans are more inclined to leave
        the matter of regulation to private initiatives. The Clinton
   administration's proposal to regulate indecent images on the Net under
   the telecommunications act ran into objections on the grounds that it
    could infringe on the freedom of expression. The Supreme Court ruled
              in June that the proposal was unconstitutional.
    In Japan, the constitutional guarantee of the freedom of expression
       naturally extends to individuals who supply information on the
   Internet. It follows that any kind of censorship about Net information
    should not be tolerated. Whether a certain expression is appropriate
    or not should be left up to people to determine in the ''freedom of
                             thought'' market.
     Any attempt to force informal controls on providers should also be
   resisted, given the important role played by them as media in addition
                     to being ''communications'' firms.
   As for the question of controlling obscene images, efforts to dissolve
    the gaps that have developed between the law and reality should come
     first. Porn books that are brought back from abroad are seized by
     customs officers, and a Japanese who opens a home page that shows
       nudes can be punished. But it is easy to access a more radical
    American home page, and no legal punishment awaits those who look at
                   the images such a home page provides.
   The punitive provisions should be reexamined to determine whether they
     are really needed if people who do not want to see pornography are
                      assured that they can avoid it.
   Of course, young people must be protected. A system that blocks access
   to porn and violence on the Net, when mounted in personal computers at
     home or at school, is being introduced in Western countries. Japan
   should consider following their example, but I believe whether or not
   to use it should be left up to the judgment of each household that has
                                acquired it.
     ``Let us wait for the new media to mature by thoroughly educating
    information suppliers on their responsibility,'' said Jiro Makino, a
       lawyer familiar with Net troubles. What he has in mind is that
   suppliers who operate on the basis of the freedom of expression should
    have a high ethical standard and be prepared to take responsibility
                   for the consequences of their actions.
      I believe that is what it takes to head off state interference.
                                   -----
    (The author is a reporter for Asahi Shimbun's City News Department.)
                           NYT-08-18-97 1104EDT<
                            [8][LINK] [9][LINK]
    [10]More News | [11]Keyword Search | [12]Hot Topics | [13]Discussion
                     Groups | [14]Bill Gates | [15]Home
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.

@_date: 1997-08-25 08:30:19
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Re: Why Not to use PGP 5.0 
I think the best luck I could have would be if some kind soul were to
explain in a little detail why the claims on the above page are FUD, for
those of us not as technically advanced as the hardcoders.
I don't write 'em; I just forwards 'em...
Write your representatives and complain. Demand that they institute the death
penalty for all crimes, including jaywalking, tearing the tags off mattresses
and "thinking about possibly contemplating an action which may be considered a
crime at some point in the future."  ['TruthMonger', on the cypherpunks list]

@_date: 1997-08-30 06:49:55
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: tax_1.html 
[1]Reuters New Media
              [ [2]Yahoo | [3]Write Us | [4]Search | [5]Info ]
    [ [6]Index | [7]News | [8]World | [9]Biz | [10]Tech | [11]Politic |
         [12]Sport | [13]Scoreboard | [14]Entertain | [15]Health ]
                    [ Reuters | [16]Wired | [17]ZDNet ]
     _________________________________________________________________
   Previous Story: [18]SkyBridge Applies With U.S. For Satellite Network
   Next Story: [19]Altera Tumbles After Sales Warning, Others Follow
     _________________________________________________________________
   Friday August 29 9:52 AM EDT Report Says Net May Help Tax Dodgers
   CANBERRA - Increasing use of the Internet for electronic commerce may
   lead to a rise in tax avoidance and accidental non-compliance,
   according to an Australian Taxation Office report.
   However, the report found Internet use would have no immediate impact
   on Australian tax collections because issues such as bandwidth limits
   and electronic payment system immaturity were restricting the amount
   of electronic commerce.
   While the report finds that the impact on the tax base will vary
   according to industry, tax and income type, there is no immediate
   appreciable impact on tax collections," it said.
   (But) there are also concerns about the increased scope for tax
   planning, especially using tax havens, and for increased accidental
   non-compliance, as ... businesses engage in international trade and
   become subject to international taxation obligations with which they
   may not be familiar."
   The ATO said international co-operation would be needed to fully
   respond to these issues.
   In addition, the ATO was seeking to:
   -- have Australian Company Numbers (ACNs) displayed on commercial
   Internet sites;
   -- have proper registration procedures for Internet businesses;
   -- apply comparable regulations to electronic money as for physical
   cash;
   -- make use of the available technology to ensure the integrity of
   electronic records; and,
   -- examine the electronic commerce distribution chains for new
   intermediaries.
   The ATO said there was potential for the Internet to cause
   difficulties in identifying parties behind Internet businesses.
   It was also possible that businesses would be able to store tax
   records offshore or to alter them without trace.
   The Internet could also lead to the removal of tax collection points
   in the distribution chain from producer to consumer.
   The report said its recommendations were designed to help the ATO
   avoid these problems.
   Copyright, Reuters Ltd. All rights reserved
     _________________________________________________________________
               ________________________ ___________ [20]Help
     _________________________________________________________________
   Previous Story: [21]SkyBridge Applies With U.S. For Satellite Network
   Next Story: [22]Altera Tumbles After Sales Warning, Others Follow
     _________________________________________________________________
    [ [23]Index | [24]News | [25]World | [26]Biz | Tech | [27]Politic |
         [28]Sport | [29]Scoreboard | [30]Entertain | [31]Health ]
     _________________________________________________________________
                              Reuters Limited
    [32]Questions or Comments
   1. LYNXIMGMAP:
   2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.

@_date: 1997-09-03 09:44:04
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Missing Kids and Porn Links 
[Relevant for all recent discussions on "linking without permission", as
well as the usual childpornhysteriamongering.]
   [1]SIDEBAR                           [2]Newsbytes Advertising
Missing Children Pix On Websites Overpopular
   ****Missing Children Pix On Websites Overpopular 09/02/97 SEATTLE,
   WASHINGTON, U.S.A., 1997 AUG 29 (NB) -- By Bruce Miller. The National
   Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) encourages the
   owners of Web sites to add a link that will bring up the picture of a
   different missing child every ten minutes. According to Ruben
   Rodriguez, Supervisor of the Exploited Child Unit, the Center is
   getting 70 to 80 requests a day for information to create the link.
   Some sites, however, have taken the initiative themselves, including
   pornographic Web sites.
   "This is the kiss of death for us," said Rodriguez. "We want the
   public to help us find missing and exploited children. The Internet
   public is coming to us to display our banner on our sites.
   Unfortunately, there are some locations on the Internet that are
   inappropriate."
   One popular porn site proclaims on its home page that, "This Site
   Cares About Our Young Children! Please Take A Few Seconds To Look At
   The Pictures Of The Missing Children!! Every Ten Minutes When You
   Reload A Different Child's Picture Appears! If We Can Save Just ONE!
   Then Wouldn't That Be Worth It?" That particular site, said Rodriguez,
   will get a cease and desist letter from the Center's chief legal
   counsel.
   The popularity of linking to the rotating banner has added to another
   problem: load capacity on the Web server hosting the Center. With a
   million hits a day presently, and growing, the Center is looking
   around for a new site with greater capacity to eliminate congestion.
   For information about signing up with the banner program, send e-mail
   to banner Be patient, the popularity has put the staff a
   bit behind in responding.
   NCMEC's Web site is at [3] ; mirror site
   [4] .
   (19970902/Reported by Newsbytes News Network
   [5] /EXKIDS/PHOTO)
   "The Pulse of the Information Age" Newsbytes News Network
   [6] 24-hour computer, telecom and online news
   [7]Copyright (c)Newsbytes News Network. All rightsreserved. For more
   Newsbytes see        [8]Home | [9]Daily | [10]Weekly | [11]Publishers | [12]Search
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.

@_date: 1997-09-03 09:44:28
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: t0902mt01.html 
[1][LINK]
   Calgary Herald
   BUSINESS
     _________________________________________________________________
   Managing
   Your Money
   [2]Stock and Mutual Fund Quotes
   [3]Your Investments
   [4]Family Finance
   [5]Columns
   [6]Technology
   [7]Stock News
   [8]Search
   -->
                                 [9][LINK]
   [10]Calgary Herald Online Home Page
   [Main Menu............] __
   Press group refuses to join Internet rating scheme
   Amy Harmon
   The Ottawa Citizen
   A group of major news organizations took the digital high road last
   week. The group members -- which include Time, CNN, the New York
   Times, the Wall Street Journal and the Associated Press -- said they
   would allow their online editions to be rendered invisible to some
   Internet users rather than conform to a rating system that screens
   material dealing with sex or violence.
   "We support open access to information on the Internet," the group
   said in a statement. "And we will not rate our sites."
   That such a proclamation would be necessary, that it would be hashed
   out in a tense meeting that was closed -- oddly, given its agenda --
   to reporters and that it would be considered an important step forward
   by many of the executives participating is itself a commentary on the
   uncertain state of the free press on the Internet.
   But the electronic news publishers left unresolved the more baffling
   question of how to wedge such a seemingly routine commitment to the
   U.S. constitution's free-speech guarantees into the architecture of
   cyberspace and the cultural politics of the United States in the late
   1990s.
   The bind that Internet news providers find themselves in began with
   the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling earlier this summer that the
   Communications Decency Act was unconstitutional. The court found that
   the law, which banned the transmission of indecent material to minors
   over computer networks, was an overly broad restriction on speech --
   in part because existing technology would allow parents to control
   their children's access to such material.
   Eager to head off regulation, the online industry expressed enthusiasm
   for various rating systems at a meeting convened by the Clinton
   administration after the decision. Microsoft and Netscape, which
   together control the market for the browsers used to navigate the
   World Wide Web, agreed to incorporate a standard for ratings in the
   next release of their software.
   Theoretically, the standard (known awkwardly as the Platform for
   Internet Content Selection, or PICS) would allow any entity from Good
   Housekeeping to the Spice Girls to create a rating system. The browser
   would recognize all of them, and parents could choose the one that
   best fit their world view, or at least the lens they wanted their
   children to see through.
   But so far, the only major group to use PICS has essentially adapted
   to the Web a rating system designed for video games.
   Under the Recreational Software Advisory Council system, sites rate
   themselves on a scale of one to four for nudity, sex, violence and
   offensive language. The council, a non-profit association of
   entertainment and computer companies, performs random checks to make
   sure sites are representing themselves correctly. Parents can set the
   level of each category that they wish to screen for, and,
   significantly, unrated sites are blocked out.
   So far, about 40,000 of the Web's nearly one million sites have used
   the system.
   News sites, however, have for the most part found the ratings either
   inapplicable or abhorrent. "The rating of content, particularly in the
   area of violence -- to tell people whether they should or shouldn't
   read about war in Bosnia -- takes news and turns it into a form of
   entertainment," said Daniel Okrent, editor of new media at Time.
   It is perhaps not surprising that an entertainment-based rating system
   would be incapable of describing the vast quantities and qualities of
   information on the Internet. Religious organizations and government
   agencies are also reportedly unhappy with the Recreational Software
   Advisory Council's limitations.
   But the problem is more than just a given rating system. It is
   inherent in the technology -- or at least the purpose it is being used
   to achieve. Because to screen out certain material, like sexual
   images, every site has to be labelled in some fashion.
   "In the real world, you don't know what you're going to get before you
   get it," said Paul Resnick, one of the creators of PICS. "We're trying
   to create an online world where you do know what you're going to get,
   and once you set that as your priority, you have to start classifying
   things."
   To accommodate the concerns of news sites, the Recreational Software
   Advisory Council has proposed a "news" label that would rate by
   category, not by content. But that raises the question of how and who
   would define which sites would bear the designation.
   The ratings group had appealed to the Internet Content Coalition, a
   loose alliance of online news organizations that organized last week's
   meeting, to serve as a monitoring body.
   The idea was denounced by several attendees, but they did not offer a
   better one.
     _________________________________________________________________
   We welcome your suggestions; send e-mail to
   [11]online    This web site is a supplement to the Calgary Herald,
   a daily newspaper published in [12]Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
   Contents copyright 1996.
   [ [13]Calgary Herald Home Page ]
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11. mailto:online
  12.   13.

@_date: 1997-09-04 06:27:07
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Unlicensed net.psychotherapy 
[somewhat snipped from raw lynx dump]
   Daily Double Scoop Graphic
   Just enough Net news.
   By John Motavalli
   Is Psychotherapy On The Net Legal?
   HOW DOES ONE OFFER PSYCHOLOGICAL HELP ONLINE? Very cautiously.
   The issue of whether the practice of psychology or psychiatry online
   is legal still appears to be a bit unclear. Psychologists have to be
   licensed to practice in each state. If they're doing psychotherapy
   over the Internet, and they're offering therapy to people in states
   where they're not licensed, are they breaking the law?
   Sacramento psychologist Ronald L. Mann, Ph.D., has a [8]site, allowing
   a visitor to "e-mail a question (about anything from relationships to
   career changes)." This service costs you $20 a question. Dr. Mann, who
   is licensed in California only, said he's not breaking the law because
   he is not offering psychotherapy online.
   "Technically, psychotherapy is about exploring unconscious thoughts
   and feelings and making interpretations about these earlier memories,
   feelings, and linking them to present circumstances," Mann said. "I'm
   uncomfortable (professionally and personally) doing psychotherapy on
   the Internet. I think people need a personal face-to-face relationship
   that will provide emotional support when they get into intense
   powerful emotional material. I can't offer that through e-mail. What I
   can offer is good sound educational advice and point them in a good
   direction."
   Doug Fizel, deputy director of public affairs at the [9]American
   Psychological Association in Washington, D.C., said the question of
   the legality of online psychiatry is under study. "That really has not
   been worked out yet within the APA," he said. "It does really raise a
   lot of good questions, as to whether someone in California can legally
   offer therapy to someone in New York. You also have to ask whether
   someone can truly enter into a genuine therapeutic relationship
   online."
   Mann noted a recent correspondence he had with a young man who has
   some personal problems. "He is in college, and he has very poor
   self-esteem. He's really anxious in his relationships with other
   people, he has trouble sustaining relationships. We talked (by e-mail)
   about what it takes to have comfortable relationships with other
   people, and early childhood issues."
   I said this sounded like psychotherapy. "I know it's not
   psychotherapy," Mann replied. "I could have said, 'Why don't we do
   this [a treatment process]. I didn't. I actually think psychotherapy
   wouldn't work very well via e-mail."
   Adds Fizel, "It's more a question of ethical practice -- the
   difference between law (which a state would determine) and ethical
   practice (determined by an organization like ours)." He concludes that
   "So far, the questions have been raised, but the answers haven't been
   found."
   8.    9.

@_date: 1997-09-07 07:17:15
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: 076l-090597-idx.html 
[1][LINK]
     _________________________________________________________________
   [2]Business Section: the latest business headlines, company profiles
   and advice for managing your money.
   [3]Stocks Page: instant stock quotes, mutual fund quotes, market data
   and free personalized online portfolios.
   All Business stories and columns from [4]this morning's Washington
   Post and an image of the Business section front.
   [5][ISMAP]-[6][USEMAP]
     _________________________________________________________________
OTS Eyes Challenges of Rule-Making for `Virtual Banks'
   By Cindy Skrzycki
   Washington Post Staff Writer
   Friday, September 5, 1997; Page G01
   The Washington Post
   The advent of virtual banking -- in which customers may deal with
   their banks only through computers -- has prompted federal regulators
   to begin revamping existing rules regarding electronic transactions.
   Although banks have been dabbling in home banking and automated teller
   machines for more than a decade, only about 4 percent of U.S.
   households conduct their banking transactions online, and many of
   those may be doing such simple tasks as checking an account balance.
   Since 1995, two "cyberspace" banks have come online, offering services
   such as the electronic transfer of funds between accounts and bill
   paying on the Internet. Other more traditional banks are buying the
   same sorts of software to offer more electronic banking services to
   their customers, often as an adjunct to traditional services.
   Banking regulators expect electronic banking -- and the forms it will
   take -- to grow exponentially now that millions of Americans are
   hooked into the Internet.
   "We are examining whether there is anything in our rules that impedes
   electronic banking and the use of technology," said Nicholas Retsinas,
   director of the Office of Thrift Supervision, who is heading the
   agency on an interim basis. The OTS regulates 1,270 federally
   chartered savings banks and state-chartered savings and loans. "What
   can we do to facilitate the use of electronic banking?"
   Retsinas has written frequently about the expanding role of technology
   in banking, pointing out the profitability of using computers: A
   teller transaction can cost up to $2.93; an Internet transaction, 2
   cents.
   In April, the OTS began examining rules it has had on the books since
   the 1980s covering home banking, automated teller machines and data
   processing. "OTS is concerned that its current electronic banking
   regulations do not adequately address advances in technology and may
   impede prudent innovation by federal savings associations," the agency
   said, promising it will have a proposal ready next month.
   "We promulgated some rules where we wondered whether the language was
   appropriate, let alone the rule," Retinas said, referring to "data
   processing," a vintage term that hardly begins to capture the
   potential scope of electronic transactions.
   The agency also was confronted with an increasing number of questions
   by its banking constituency. Was it all right to offer Internet
   banking to depositors living abroad? Could savings and loans open
   accounts for customers or issue loans from remote electronic
   locations? What kinds of banking services could be offered over the
   Internet?
   These kinds of queries prompted the OTS to delve into several areas
   where current regulations are murky, or nonexistent. For example, the
   OTS is trying to figure out whether automated loan machines, which
   allow customers to apply and receive confirmation for a consumer loan
   at a site similar to an ATM, should be considered branches or
   something akin to an ATM -- though loans cannot now be originated at
   ATMs.
   The OTS also wonders whether its current regulation on home banking
   services covers transactions such as opening new accounts online or
   processing credit applications.
   The agency is considering the philosophical quandaries presented by
   the borderless nature of banking in cyberspace. How does a bank with
   no bricks and mortar define community for purposes of fulfilling
   mortgage-lending obligations to minority groups under federal laws
   such as the Community Reinvestment Act?
   "How does an institution demonstrate that is serving the credit needs
   of a widely dispersed customer base when there is little or no
   geographic proximity between its deposit customers and its loan
   customers?" the OTS asked.
   Then there are questions of security. The OTS wonders whether it
   should mandate a specific level of encryption to make transactions
   impenetrable or "rely on general safety and soundness principles to
   govern a safe system of operation?" Does it need separate regulations
   for various forms of electronic banking that might be done over the
   phone, with special software on a personal computer or on the
   Internet?
   Some of these questions the OTS has already had to answer.
   Since 1995, the OTS has approved two "Internet" banks -- Security
   First Network Bank (SFNB) in Atlanta and the Atlanta Internet Bank.
   Both offer an array of banking services and rates that are highly
   competitive with "real" banks.
   One of the first concerns that the OTS had was the security of systems
   used by the Internet banks. SFNB, for example, has about 12,000
   accounts and $44 million in deposits.
   To satisfy regulators that Security First could protect consumers'
   privacy and the sanctity of transactions being done via the Internet,
   the OTS asked Security First to "test the penetration capabilities,"
   of the bank, said Eric W. Hartz, president of SFNB. That's another way
   of saying the OTS wanted to make sure that Security First's Internet
   banking operations didn't become a playground for hackers. Atlanta
   Internet had to undergo a similar exercise to get approval from the
   OTS.
   Bankers, for the most part, think it's too early to write definitive
   rules for an area dominated by changing technology, although they
   would like some current OTS rules changed to accommodate different
   forms of electronic banking. They also said they hoped to see
   coordination between the OTS and other agencies that regulate banking,
   such as the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal
   Reserve Board.
   As Citibank noted in comments to the OTS, "We strongly encourage the
   adoption of broad enabling regulations and policy statements," but "we
   believe that the OTS should not at this time promulgate detailed
   presciptive or, worse yet, proscriptive rules affecting electronic
   banking activities."
                (c) Copyright 1997 The Washington Post Company
                             [7]Back to the top
     _________________________________________________________________
   WashingtonPost.com
   [8][ISMAP]-[9]Navigation image map [10][LINK]
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6. LYNXIMGMAP:
   7.    8.    9. LYNXIMGMAP:
  10.

@_date: 1997-09-07 07:20:15
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: tdc0997globe.html 
[2]COPYRIGHT
   [3][ISMAP]-[4][USEMAP] September
     _________________________________________________________________
World Wide Weight
     America's dominance of the Internet isn't just a cultural issue. It
     could pose an infrastructure nightmare.     By Andreas Evagora.
    Andreas Evagora is international editor for tele.com. He can be
    reached over the Internet at [5]aevagora
   The year is 1962. At a White House conference, aides warn President
   John F. Kennedy that the newly emerging global phone network isn't
   really global at all. Kennedy is told that almost every
   intercontinental phone call is funneled through the United Kingdom or
   one of the other former colonial powers, and that those countries
   control the lion's share of international cables. Fearing that the
   United States will be powerless in the new telecom era, the Kennedy
   administration decides to create Intelsat, an international satellite
   system that would quickly end the domination of the old powers over
   the global telecom network.
   Fast forward to 1997. International service providers find that the
   newly emerging global Internet isn't really global at all. Reports
   tell them that more than half of intra-European and intra-Asian
   traffic is funneled through the United States. Once predictable
   traffic patterns are going haywire, rendering established
   technological and economic models irrelevant.
   Right now, there is no Intelsat on the horizon to save the day for
   telecom providers outside the United States. In fact, far from
   globalizing, all the signs are that Internet backbone
   infrastructure--and the traffic running on it--will become even more
   U.S.-centric over the next few years. This isn't just about U.S.
   domination: Non-U.S. service providers are contributing greatly to the
   imbalance by hatching plans to add new capacity to the States rather
   than to other countries in their region. Underpinning that trend is
   the concentration of content in America (more than eight of 10 Web
   sites are in English) and the continued high price, poor quality, and
   lack of easily available infrastructure outside the United States.
   The increased concentration of infrastructure and traffic into the
   United States not only works against the distributed philosophy of the
   Internet but also threatens to endanger the 'Net's international
   growth and overwork the U.S. backbone to the point of exhaustion. "The
   Internet today is a hub-and-spoke system, with the U.S. at the center
   of the entire world," says Neil Tagare, chairman of CTR Group Ltd.
   (Woodcliff Lake, N.J.), which plans to build a new global fiber
   cabling network linking 175 countries. "That's not right,
   technologically or politically."
   Already, service providers report that Internet links to the U.S. are
   straining to stand up to growing traffic volumes, while demand for
   other regional and intercontinental links remains tepid. Around the
   globe, U.S.-bound capacity is at a premium, with developing nations
   clinging onto the 'Net by a thread. If they are lucky, Russia's 150
   million people will share 40 Mbit/s of international Internet capacity
   by next year. Today, India--a nation of 900 million--has just 10
   Mbit/s of Internet capacity to the U.S.--about as much available on a
   LAN supporting a few dozen workers in the United States. "The lack of
   non-U.S. infrastructure is holding back real growth of the 'Net in
   many regions," says Petri Ojala, technical director of the Finnish
   Commercial Internet Exchange (Helsinki, Finland). "If a regional
   Internet community is short of capacity, it simply cannot develop as
   it wants. Less capacity means less content, less innovation."
   If Internet infrastructure continues to be concentrated in the United
   States, some fear that the whole non-U.S. high-tech sector will be in
   grave danger. Because the 'Net is becoming a critical tool for
   software development, a concentration of capacity in the States might
   lead to a concentration of innovation there as well. To be sure, it's
   difficult to see how India's enormous software development industry
   can prosper with 'Net access that is far inferior to that of
   competitors in the United States.
   A few 'Net watchers warn that failure to address the Internet
   imbalance could put some nations at a political disadvantage as well.
   "What if a new U.S. government wanted to leverage its control of the
   Internet for political ends?" asks one executive at a non-U.S.
   Internet service provider. "If it wanted to embargo Cuba, it could use
   its influence to control Internet communications there."
   But the outlook for regional backbones is less than bright. Such
   networks are all but absent in Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and
   Africa, while backbones in Europe, where the World Wide Web was
   invented, offer no more than 2 Mbit/s of bandwidth (see
   [6]"Un-American Activities"). Compare that with backbone construction
   in the United States, where today's typical 622-Mbit/s backbones are
   expected to double in capacity next year.
   Interregional Internet connections also are sorely lacking. Almost
   every byte of traffic between continents passes through the United
   States, hopping over at least two backbone links on the way.
   Concurrently, non-U.S. network access points (NAPs), where Internet
   service providers exchange traffic, are small in both number and
   processing capacity. "If you were to squint at a map of the global
   Internet infrastructure, all lines would roll into the U.S.," says
   Robert Hagens, director of Internet engineering at MCI. "That's not a
   good way to build a network."
   Service providers have never quite faced anything like this before.
   Exponential demand for traffic to the United States is soaring, but
   investing more in these routes doesn't add significantly to the bottom
   line (some phone companies that are also Internet providers offer free
   local calling--and therefore free local access--to the Internet but
   still need to add extra capacity), and it only increases the
   dependency on the U.S. backbone. "Carriers are in a chicken-and-egg
   situation," says Chris Champion, senior consultant at The Yankee Group
   Europe (Watford, U.K.). "They only want to invest where there is a lot
   of traffic, but there won't be enough traffic until they upgrade the
   backbones."
   EUNet International B.V. (Amsterdam), the European backbone operator,
   this month is increasing its U.S.-bound capacity by 34 Mbit/s, to 72
   Mbit/s, to meet demand. But its intra-European backbone network, which
   comprises mainly 2-Mbit/s links, faces no capacity crunch. "We don't
   have any [intra-European] congestion problems whatsoever," says Wim
   Vink, the company's managing director.
   The problem is, the global Internet is running headlong into an
   international infrastructure regime that actually is causing
   congestion on intercontinental routes. Capacity planning and demand
   forecasts on these routes have been designed largely by monopolies
   around the predictable needs of a staid, 5 percent a year growth in
   traffic. Phone companies traditionally buy capacity on
   intercontintental cables 20 or 25 years ahead of time. That's not a
   strategy suited to the Internet; who knows what will happen when
   bandwidth-hungry voice and multimedia applications pile onto the 'Net,
   as they are expected to in coming years?
   Service providers already are feeling the tremors (see [7]"Borne in
   the U.S.A."). In the summer of last year, Internet traffic from Sweden
   to the United States was about half the volume of voice traffic
   between those two countries. By the end of 1996, data and voice
   traffic volumes on the Sweden- to-U.S. route were equal, and now data
   volume is double that of voice. Meanwhile, voice still accounts for
   the vast majority of traffic to neighboring Finland and Denmark.
   Traffic patterns between the world's two biggest economies also signal
   the changes that lie ahead. Kokusai Denshin Denwa Co. Ltd. (KDD,
   Tokyo), Japan's dominant international carrier, has 10 Mbit/s of
   Internet capacity to the United States and 15 Mbit/s to the rest of
   Asia. Yet the ratio of Internet traffic to the United States and to
   Asia is 8 to 1. "The situation is changing very quickly," says Hiroshi
   Kobayashi, the carrier's deputy director of Internet business. "Two
   years ago, the total ratio of traffic flow from the U.S. to Japan was
   4 to 1. Now, it is only 2 to 1." That means Japan is sending
   proportionally more traffic to the United States--a traffic shift
   directly attributable to the growth of the Internet.
   In Australia, Telstra Corp. Ltd. (Melbourne) is dealing with a
   U.S./Asia Internet traffic ratio of about 6.5 to 1. "I can deal with
   the 1--it's the 6.5 that is the problem," jokes John Hibbard, managing
   director of international carrier business. Telstra now has 130 Mbit/s
   of Internet capacity to the United States, compared with 2 Mbit/s to
   the rest of Asia. Still, Hibbard says of the U.S. route, "We will see
   a big squeeze in 1998." As a measure of just how high demand for
   bandwidth to the United States has been driven, Hibbard notes that
   bids for the 1,000 or so 2-Mbit/s circuits on the new transpacific
   TPC-5 cable, due to come into service at the end of this year, were
   oversubscribed by nearly four times. "The Asia-Pacific region must
   reduce its dependency on the United States to ensure that the quality
   of service is not dependent on the U.S. link, which is frequently
   congested," Hibbard says.
   That overdependency is creating an economic as well as a technical
   fallout. Non-U.S. carriers are investing in extra capacity to the
   United States, without seeing returns on that investment in terms of
   extra revenues. As a result, many international carriers--Telstra
   included--complain that in paying the full cost of circuits to the
   States, they are effectively subsidizing the U.S. Internet community.
   They argue that U.S. service providers should pay for at least a
   portion of those circuits.
   In the traditional telephony world, international circuits are
   provided on a shared-cost basis, with each carrier meeting costs to a
   theoretical midpoint between two countries. Telstra and its supporters
   want such principles to be looked at--although not necessarily applied
   fully--in discussions about the Internet.
   This year, Telstra will lose US$10 million on providing Internet
   circuits to the United States. By 2000, the total spending on
   U.S.-bound Internet circuits from all non-U.S. service providers will
   reach US$2.5 billion, Hibbard notes. "We are providing resources for
   which we are not adequately compensated," he says. "At the same time,
   I am offering U.S. users access to Australian databases without
   getting a brass razoo." Hibbard explains that traffic from the United
   States to Australia gets a free ride, as U.S. service providers aren't
   contributing to the international connection.
   International service providers are lobbying U.S. regulators for
   compensation. "When people first started connecting to the Internet,
   that normally meant they were connecting to America, and as a result
   had to pay for the connection," says Michael Behringer, senior network
   engineer at Dante (Cambridge, U.K.), which operates the EuropaNet
   Internet backbone. Until recently almost all Internet content has
   resided in the United States, so it was fair for overseas providers to
   pay the bill for access to that content, Behringer reasons. But for
   Internet content to become truly global, payments should be more
   equitable, and non-U.S. service providers should not have to bear 100
   percent of the payment burden, he says.
   A group of Asia-Pacific carriers, including KDD and Telstra, has
   already made a proposal to the U.S. Federal Communications Commission
   that such Internet circuit fees should at least be taken into
   consideration during discussions on accounting rates, the fees paid by
   one carrier to another for delivering an international telephone call.
   To give their argument on leased lines to the United States more
   ammunition, several Asian carriers recently agreed to share the cost
   of international leased circuits for Internet communications between
   their own countries. The matter has also been raised at meetings of
   the Group of Seven (G7) nations. But so far, U.S. officials have
   rejected the complaint, and international officials don't seem to hold
   out much hope of success. "The Americans are sympathetic, but I doubt
   if they'll do anything because they don't have to," Behringer says.
   Carriers that offer free local calls, such as Singapore Telecom Ltd.
   and Telstra, are the most eager for change as they recoup little or no
   revenue when users access local servers to tap the global Internet.
   They argue that the Internet needs to be put on a more commercial
   footing. In Singapore, 65 percent of all 'Net traffic passes through
   the United States. "Because of the high cost of international
   bandwidth, it actually would cost a user US$100 an hour to connect to
   the Internet with a 2-Mbit/s link if he was paying the real commercial
   rate to the U.S.," said Tan Boon Tiong, deputy director of network
   technology development at Singapore Telecom, speaking at the
   International Telecommunication Union's Asia Telecom conference in
   June.
   Service providers point to other factors holding back the
   globalization of Internet infrastructure, such as the high cost of
   maintenance, installation, and operation and a lack of human
   resources. But many independent Internet service providers say that
   old-line telecom operators are hardly covering themselves in glory as
   the 'Net spreads its tentacles. Independent service providers and
   builders of backbones say that high leased-line costs remain the
   single biggest factor holding back the expansion of regional backbones
   that could help keep more Internet communications away from the United
   States. Lack of competition and a scarcity of infrastructure,
   particularly cross-border links, continue to keep leased-line prices
   in Europe three to 10 times more expensive than equivalent lines in
   the United States. Service providers say that they must wait up to
   five months for a cross-border E3 (34-Mbit/s) line, where such service
   exists.
   Ironically, it's the traditional telcos, which set those high prices,
   that are gradually taking over the operation of pan-European Internet
   backbones. "European carriers are schizophrenic," concedes one
   official at an international carrier alliance. "They will cry about
   lack of liberalization in another country but do all they can to delay
   liberalization in their own market as long as possible. That's human
   nature."
   That human nature is only serving to encourage the flow of 'Net
   traffic and facilities to the United States. "Dante's backbone took 18
   months to organize and two years to turn into a reality," Behringer
   says. "That delay was far too long and was mostly caused by arguing
   with telcos."
   It's not just high leased-line prices that anger independent ISPs.
   Deutsche Telekom, now Europe's largest ISP, still refuses to peer its
   network at Frankfurt's commercial NAP, where more than 25 independent
   German ISPs exchange traffic. Instead, Deutsche Telekom maintains a
   single peering deal with Deutsches Forschungsnetz (DFN), a scientific
   and academic network. That lack of domestic peering means that all
   communications between Deutsche Telekom and other German ISPs must be
   routed via the United States.
   "Peering via the U.S. affects Deutsche Telekom customers and our
   customers because of the delays on U.S. lines, which are normally
   saturated," says Thomas Bastian, senior technical director at CERFnet
   Germany Inc. (Frankfurt), the German unit of U.S. ISP TCG CERFnet (San
   Diego). In response, he says, all independent ISPs have announced that
   they will cancel any private peerings with DFN as of this coming
   January.
   "We are confident that things will change, but everything takes so
   long in Europe," Bastian says. "Our U.S. operation connects into NAPs
   at 155 Mbit/s, but here in Germany it's at 2 Mbit/s. It's very
   expensive just to set up a system, and those costs are inevitably
   passed on to users, which slows market development."
   Until more capacity is made available, there's not much chance that
   the global Internet's dependency on the United States will fade away.
   CTR Group's Tagare, a former executive at Nynex Network Systems
   (Bermuda) Ltd.--one of the founders of the FiberOptic Link Around the
   Globe (FLAG) project building a new global undersea cable--says that a
   lot of capacity remains warehoused to block competition. "Active
   capacity is no more than 50 to 60 percent of the bandwidth out
   there--the rest is warehoused," he says. "The people who need capacity
   desperately can't buy it because none is available, while those that
   have it can't use it because they don't have sufficient demand for it.
   That's an extremely inefficient model."
   WorldCom International Inc. (New York), another company planning to
   lay new international cabling, also places much of the blame for the
   current malaise at the door of incumbent telcos, in particular for
   failing to spot the tide of demand for data communications. WorldCom
   International says that voice today accounts for 80 percent of
   international traffic, but will make up only 20 percent by the early
   part of next decade.
   "Terabyte requirements will soon be upon us, but carriers got caught
   asleep making cozy, 4 percent growth demand forecasts," says Colin
   Williams, the company's international executive vice president.
   "Today, 90 percent of Internet traffic goes to the U.S., but we
   haven't yet scratched the surface of bandwidth requirements across the
   Atlantic."
   Translation: Don't expect a truly global Internet anytime soon.
   Text Menu
     _________________________________________________________________
     [8]tele.com Home Page
     [9]This Month's Issue
     [10]The Business Angle
     [11]Technology Fare
     [12]The Supply Side
     [13]Soap Box
     [14]Getting to Know Us
     [15]Back Issues
     _________________________________________________________________
   All use of this service is subject to the [16]Terms and Conditions of
   Use.
   All Rights Reserved.
    Copyright (c) 1997 tele.com, The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
    All Rights Reserved.
    Website designed by [17]COMPUGRAPHIA
    Home page designed by Dennis Ahlgrim.
    Last Modified: 27-Aug-97
   1.    2.    3.    4. LYNXIMGMAP:
   5. mailto:aevagora
   6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17. mailto:msacca

@_date: 1997-09-08 17:07:40
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Miscellaneous Debris 
Our old pinko buddy Vigdor Schriebman is the latest to attack Old Media's
definitions of "journalist" at
Another self-contradicting bunch of viewpoints on net.telephony at
New technology being put to old tricks as students plaigarize at
"The Internet Ushers In New Age Of Personal Diplomacy" at           "Individuals around the globe can reach a consensus and make
          contact with others despite the differing political views of
          their governments. They can become "personal ambassadors" for
          their countries."
And the Infowarspooks are back for another round of "the Internet is so
important the government needs to do SOMETHING" at
Enjoy! All of the above links courtesy of Tell your friends 'n neighbors you read this on the evil pornographic Internet
"Where one burns books, one will also burn people eventually." -Heinrich Heine
People and books aren't for burning. No more Alexandrias, Auschwitzs or Wacos.

@_date: 1997-09-09 07:44:04
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: ctb196.htm 
[1]Marketplace Technology [2]Front page, [3]News, [4]Sports, [5]Money,
   [6]Life, [7]Weather, [8]Marketplace    Inside Tech
    [9]FAQ, Tips and
     [10]Tricks
    [11]Web Column
    [12]Hot Sites
    [13]Tech News
    [14]Tech Reviews
    [15]Answer Desk
    [16]Shareware Shelf
    [17]Web Potholes
    [18]Web Resources
    [19]Tech Front
   Resources
    [20]Index
    [21]Search
    [22]Feedback
    [23]What's hot
    [24]About us
    [25]Jobs at USA
     [26]TODAY
   09/08/97- Updated 09:34 AM ET
  PCs no longer needed to place Net calls
   Consumers can now make super-cheap, long-distance phone calls over the
   Internet without even touching a computer - creating a dangerous rival
   for long-distance companies.
   Monday, IDT unveils Net2Phone Direct, a service that lets a consumer
   pick up a phone, dial a number and send the call through the Internet
   to another phone anywhere in the world. The cost: 8 cents a minute
   within the USA; 18 cents to London; 29 cents to Japan - all cheaper
   than traditional long-distance calling.
   Net2Phone Direct is the broadest service yet. Versions are being tried
   by others, including units or partners of Deutsche Telekom and Japan's
   KDD. Says David Goodtree of Forrester Research, "Phone to phone is
   where the money is."
   "It's the natural evolution of voice over the Internet," says Yankee
   Group's Brian Adamik. Several software packages already let a PC user
   have a voice conversation with another PC user via the Internet.
   Vocaltec, the leading Internet phone company, offers a service that
   connects a PC user to regular phones. But phone-to-phone can reach the
   broadest number of consumers.
   Net2Phone Direct works like a long-distance, dial-around service. A
   user dials an 800 number or a local access number, punches in an
   account number, much like using a phone card, then dials the number to
   be called.
   IDT's system sends the call over the Internet to a computer in
   Hackensack, N.J., which dumps the call back into the regular phone
   network, through which the call connects to another phone. IDT plans
   to expand the system by placing its computers in more cities, so the
   calls travel more over the Net (which is free) and less distance over
   traditional phone lines (which cost money). Eventually, prices could
   fall "to under a nickel a minute to anyplace in the country," says CEO
   Howard Jonas.
   Until recently, major phone companies had all but ignored developments
   in Internet telephony. But that's changing. Big phone companies "are
   keeping a careful eye on it," Adamik says.
   Last week, Deutsche Telekom announced an investment in Vocaltec. Over
   the summer, AT&T and Vocaltec allied to fund an Internet telephony
   start-up run by former AT&T executive Tom Evslin.
   By Kevin Maney, USA TODAY
     _________________________________________________________________
     _________________________________________________________________
   [27]Front page, [28]News, [29]Sports, [30]Money, [31]Life,
   [32]Weather, [33]Marketplace
   (c)COPYRIGHT 1997 [34]USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc.    1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.   33.   34.

@_date: 1997-09-09 07:48:02
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: I see the Wells Fargo Wagon it's a-comin down... 
EU official proposes global Internet charter
      Copyright (c) 1997 Nando.net
      Copyright (c) 1997 Reuter Information Service
   BRUSSELS, Belgium (September 8, 1997 11:21 a.m. EDT) - The top
   telecommunications official of the European Union called Monday for an
   international charter to regulate the Internet and other electronic
   networks.
   EU Commissioner Martin Bangemann, in a speech prepared for a
   telecommunications conference in Geneva, said the charter should deal
   with questions such as technical standards, illegal content, licenses,
   encryption and data privacy.
   "The current situation may lead to the adoption of isolated global
   rules with different countries signing up to different rules agreed
   under the auspices of different international organizations," the
   German commissioner said.
   "An international charter would provide a suitable answer."
   The text of the speech was distributed in Brussels.
   Bangemann said industry should lead the effort to draw up a charter,
   which would be based mostly on self-regulation and mutual recognition
   of national licenses.
   "Its role would not be to impose detailed rules, except in particular
   circumstances (child pornography, terrorist networks)," he said.
   The charter would recognize existing pacts negotiated within the World
   Trade Organization and World Intellectual Property Organization and
   draw on principles agreed by other bodies such as the Group of Seven
   top industrial countries, he said.

@_date: 1997-09-10 09:18:18
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: With friends like these... 
...who needs enemas? (Administered by plunger, no doubt.)
   Internet Tax Plan Is Needed, Net Creator Says
   (09/09/97; 12:00 p.m. EDT)
   By [33]Douglas Hayward, [34]TechWire
   GENEVA -- Internet taxes are inevitable, according to the man dubbed
   the "Father of the Net." The only way to avoid global chaos is to
   create an international agreement on how to do it, added Vint Cerf at
   a meeting of the Internet Society here. Cerf co-developed the
   [35]TCP/IP[LINK] protocol on which all Web and Net transaction depend.
   Although proposals for taxing the Internet were rejected by both the
   Clinton administration and the European Commission earlier this year,
   there will be no way to avoid it, he said. "We need to be prepared for
   the day when there will be taxation as a consequence of Internet
   transactions," said Cerf, who is senior vice president for Internet
   architecture and engineering at MCI, in Washington.
   Taxation of the Internet, also called "bit taxes," must be
   well-planned, Cerf said. "And it must also be thought through on a
   global scale -- not parochially," he said. In the United States alone,
   there are 30,000 taxing authorities that might be interested in taxing
   transactions on the Internet, said Cerf, adding that right now, there
   is no way to determine which of those authorities should have
   jurisdiction over a particular transaction.
   "Imagine going through 30,000 tests for each transaction -- no
   transaction would ever go through," Cerf said. "If the Internet
   becomes a major tool for electronic commerce, every major taxing
   jurisdiction in the world will be interested in using that as a
   revenue stream."
   Although the rate of growth of visible Internet hosts appears to be
   slowing significantly, the growth of intranets is still on the rise,
   Cerf said. "Traffic is growing at such as rate that on [MCI's]
   backbone, we will have to consume as much fiber capacity for the
   Internet as for the telephone network by the third quarter of 2110,"
   he said.
   As Internet traffic grows, Cerf said, legislators will move to
   regulate it. "You cannot have a fully and totally unregulated
   environment," he said.
   "If something is becoming an infrastructure that is important for
   people's daily lives, then governments will have the right to be
   concerned about the public's safety and well-being," Cerf said. "When
   you build roads, you make rules about how people are to behave on
   these roads, in order to protect people." [36]TW
                            [37]Search Archives
                            ____________________
                           [All CMP Publications]
                                   ______
   Related Stories:
   [38]Europe Rejects "Bit Tax"
   [39]Congress To Take Byte Out Of Taxes
   [40]Clinton: Hands Off The Internet
  35.   36.   37.   38.   39.   40.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:13:41
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Internet putting truth in danger 
[1]Cable & Wireless
   [2]UK News [3]Electronic Telegraph
   Friday 19 September 1997
   Issue 847
   [4]See text menu at bottom of page
   Internet 'putting truth in danger'    By Alison Boshoff
   _________________________________________________________________
   External Links
   [5][LINK]
          Safe Surf's Proposal for a Safe internet Without Censorship
   [6][LINK]
          Campaign for Internet Freedom
   [7][LINK]
          Conspiracy Theory - Publisher's Rant
   [8][LINK]
          Dimitry's Save the Conspiracy Theories Campaign
   [9][LINK]
          Conspiracy Theory Land
   [10][LINK]
          Disinformation
   [11][LINK]
          Make your own conspiracy theory - Turn Left
     _________________________________________________________________
   THE generation that has grown up on The X-Files poses a threat to the
   future of journalism, Fergal Keane, the BBC's Asia Correspondent, said
   last night.
   Mr Keane, delivering the Huw Weldon Memorial Lecture at a television
   convention, said that he was worried about the growing influence of
   the Internet, and the conspiracy theories that are aired on it.
   He told the Royal Television Society's Cambridge Convention that the
   rash of rumours about the circumstances of the death of Diana,
   Princess of Wales showed that there was a public appetite for
   speculation and fantasy. He said: "Will the generation growing up on
   The X-Files really want to choose calm, considered reportage when they
   have science-fiction and fantasy?"
   He said that the trend threatened to plunge reporting into the
   "rumour-ridden gloom of the Middle Ages".
   Another danger, said Mr Keane, lay in the trend towards trivia and
   celebrity that was increasingly taking control of the journalistic
   agenda.
   He referred to the "beautiful airhead syndrome" and to stories about
   the "dumbing down of the BBC" but said that the corporation's rich
   history of quality reporting meant that it would not head in that
   direction.
   He said: "As someone who is neither pretty nor wise, I feel able to
   take the view that dumbing down will not happen at the BBC. If it did,
   it would desert the finest tradition of broadcasting professionalism
   in the world."
   Mr Keane said news organisations faced greater challenges than ever,
   with bigger and more diverse audiences who probably knew less about
   the world than their predecessors. He warned of a sacred journalistic
   duty to celebrate the truth.
   He said that there was a danger that some news organisations became
   little more than a "carnival of egos" because of a "star system"
   operating among their correspondents, and had to guard against
   employing anyone who was less than exceptional and less than
   dedicated.
   [12]3 December 1996: Conspiracy theories on the Internet
   [13]27 June 1997: Beware the Internet's first aid, say doctors
     _________________________________________________________________
   Next report: [14]Sleepwalker survives 60ft fall
     _________________________________________________________________
   [15]Front | [16]UK | [17]International | [18]City | [19]Sport |
   [20]Crossword | [21]Weather | [22]Matt | [23]Connected | [24]etcetera
 [25]A-Z | [26]Archive | [27]Shopping | [28]Classified | [29]Help |
   (c) [30]Copyright Telegraph Group Limited 1997. [31]Terms & Conditions
   of reading.
   Information about [32]Telegraph Group Limited and [33]Electronic
   Telegraph.
   "Electronic Telegraph" and "The Daily Telegraph" are [34]trademarks of
   Telegraph Group Limited. These marks may not be copied or used without
   permission. Information for [35]webmasters linking to Electronic
   Telegraph.
   [36]Email Electronic Telegraph.
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.   33.   34.   35.   36.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:13:27
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Assassination Politics of a sort 
[1]detnews.com home page
   [2]Editorials
   [3]Lottery
   [4]Weather
   [5]Search Engine
   [6]Accent
   [7]Autos
   [8]Business
   [9]Casino Guide
   [10]Comics
   [11]Cyberia
   [12]Discovery
   [13]Food
   [14]Golf Guide
   [15]Homestyle
   [16]Mail from the net
   [17]Metro
   [18]MetroLife
   [19]Money
   [20]Movie Finder
   [21]Nation/World
   [22]Obituaries
   [23]Outlook
   [24]On Detroit
   [25]Rearview Mirror
   [26]Screens
   [27]Showtime
   [28]Sports
   [29]Sports: College
   [30]Sports: Preps
   [31]TV Listings
   [32]Voices
   By e-mail
   [33]Post letters
   to The News
   Person
   -to-person
   [34]Staff
   addresses
   By phone
   [35]Departments
   and editors
   Advertising
   [36]Place an ad
   Circulation
   [37]Home delivery
   [38]Search
   [39][LINK]
   [40][LINK]
   [41][LINK]
   [42][LINK] Friday, September 19, 1997
   [43][LINK] [44]Index
                   Howe is 'sickened' by bounty on Internet
     By Ted Kulfan
     The Detroit News
        There's a bounty on Gordie Howe's head. And Gordie isn't
     laughing about it.
        Howe, 69, is planning to file a police complaint against a
     California radio personality who offered a bounty to have "the old
     fool pummeled back to reality."
        The bounty is a reaction to Howe coming out of retirement to
     play with the Detroit Vipers on Oct. 3 against the Kansas City
     Blades at The Palace. He will be playing in his sixth decade.
        Jim Rome, a Los Angeles-based sports radio host, is running a
     pledge drive on the Internet and offering the money to any player
     who "drops the gloves with Gordie and lands at least one punch."
        On his "Bitter Gordie Howe" web site, Rome called Howe's wish to
     extend his professional career to six decades an "asinine stunt."
     The web-site address is         Calls to Rome were not returned.
        Howe's wife and business manager, Colleen, said she and her
     husband are "absolutely sickened" by the web site.
        "We love the modern technology, but we're concerned about the
     kind of thing we're seeing here," Colleen Howe told the Toronto
     Globe and Mail in Thursday's editions. "There are rich people out
     there who may be enticed into ensuring that some harm is done to
     Gordie."
        The Howes could not be reached Thursday night.
        Vipers General Manager Rick Dudley said the team would have no
     comment until looking further into the situation.
        Wayne Logan, Howe's attorney, said he was in the process of
     filing a complaint with Los Angeles police to stop Rome's campaign,
     which had collected $5,071 as of Sunday at 10 p.m.
        "In a time when celebrities are worried about their safety,
     we're concerned about some crackpot who might take a shot at Gordie
     from the stands to collect the money," Logan said.
        Logan said the president of the Blades assured him the team
     would not single out Howe.
        Rome held a pledge drive last year, raising $6,645 when Howe
     attempted a comeback with the Syracuse Crunch of the American
     Hockey League. But Howe never played with Syracuse. The team, in
     the midst of a playoff chase, didn't want to lose a roster spot.
     Detroit News wire services contributed.    [45][LINK] Copyright (c) 1997, The Detroit News
   [46][LINK] We welcome your [47]comments. Check [48]NetMail for letters
   and responses
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.   30.   31.   32.   33.   34.   35.   36.   37.   38.   39.   40.   41.   42.   43.   44.   45.   46.   47.   48.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:54:14
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: FBI vs Silicon Valley: Guess Who's Winning? 
[1]The most expandable handheld PC just got bigger. [2]Click here to
   find out how the S/390 server is now providing superb scalability for
                       the hottest applications (ibm)
                                 [3][LINK]
                                 [4][LINK]
                                 [5][LINK]
                                 [6][LINK]
   [7]SIGNUP[8]ABOUT[9]BW_CONTENTS[10]BW_+![11]DAILY_BRIEFING[12]SEARCH[1
                                3]CONTACT_US
              THE FBI VS. SILICON VALLEY: GUESS WHO'S WINNING
   Just a few weeks ago, it looked as if High-Tech Land was near victory
      in a protracted war with Washington. Its objective: relax export
    controls on software and hardware that encrypt into unbreakable code
         everything from corporate secrets to personal diaries. An
    industry-backed bill to ease the curbs, pushed by Representative Bob
        Goodlatte (R-Va.), was sailing through key House committees.
   But with the doggedness of a gumshoe, Federal Bureau of Investigation
     Director Louis J. Freeh has handed the techies a stunning setback.
   Raising the specter of pedophiles, drug dealers, and terrorists hiding
      their dirty secrets in electronic code, Freeh has been pressing
       Congress to go beyond export controls and impose unprecedented
           restraints on encrypted products in the U.S., as well.
   He's winning. On Sept. 9, the House National Security Committee gutted
    the Goodlatte bill's provisions liberalizing encryption exports. Two
    days later, the House Intelligence Committee added domestic controls
   that guarantee law enforcement officials access to coded information.
    Curbs are vital so ''we do not plow into the Information Age having
       weakened our ability to protect the national security,'' says
                Committee Chairman Porter J. Goss (R-Fla.).
    Capitol Hill's about-face has high-tech execs and civil libertarians
      aghast. The issue has united the likes of Microsoft, Intel, auto
    makers, and phone companies with the American Civil Liberties Union
                  and religious broadcaster Pat Robertson.
    VIOLATING PRIVACY? They see Big Brother not only hampering commerce
   but also violating rights to privacy and free speech. Freeh's plan to
     guarantee police access to decoding ''keys'' would be technically
     impossible or hugely expensive, says Microsoft Corp. lobbyist Jack
   Krumholtz. ''We risk impeding the growth of electronic commerce,'' he
     warns. Adds Rhett Dawson, president of the Information Technology
      Industry Council, which represents computer producers and users:
    ''There is a sense on the Hill that this is a good time to run over
            Fourth Amendment'' limits on searches and seizures.
      Freeh's proposal would require everyone who encrypts data to use
      technology that permits law enforcers to break the code. In one
     approach, company or personal records would be encrypted in easily
     breakable code--or the decoding keys would be held by a designated
    party, such as a central repository in a company. Police could then
    get a court order and obtain the keys without the users' knowledge.
   ''Not only does the government have the right to break down your door,
   but your door can't be stronger than their battering ram--or you must
    leave a key at the police station,'' fumes Stephen D. Crocker, chief
     technology officer at Cybercash Inc. It's a dramatic expansion of
      police wiretap power, warns Donald Haines of the ACLU. ''It puts
                            everyone at risk.''
   Freeh counters that a world in which criminals have unbreakable codes
   poses a real threat to law enforcement. That argument has swayed many
                lawmakers, who fear appearing soft on crime.
      Just a few years ago, the campaign to curb encryption was waged
   largely by the super-secret National Security Agency. It aimed to keep
     state-of-the-art products out of the hands of foreign terrorists.
     Since the U.S. was the world leader in data-scrambling technology,
    that meant extending cold war export controls. ''It would have been
   very difficult for an agency no one ever heard of to fight Bill Gates
      and the entire software and hardware industry,'' says Washington
     attorney and former NSA official Stewart A. Baker. ''Freeh can.''
   Stung by their sudden defeat, industry and civil liberties groups are
     holding emergency meetings to plan an all-court press. Their first
     goal: prevent the House Commerce Committee, next in line to take a
   crack at the Goodlatte bill, from also adding domestic controls. After
       Commerce votes in September, lobbying will shift to the Rules
   Committee, which must sort out several radically different versions of
    the legislation and send one along for a vote. The coalition is also
              fighting a strict encryption bill in the Senate.
   Meanwhile, the industry is trying to figure out where the White House
   stands. Vice-President Al Gore and Commerce Under Secretary William A.
     Reinsch, who oversees export policy, say the Administration still
   doesn't support mandatory domestic curbs--and the FBI chief is merely
    expressing his own views. Opponents don't completely buy that. Freeh
       may be out on his own, but he's clearly got the backing of the
   Administration, says Rebecca Gould of the Business Software Alliance.
           ''There's no doubt there's been a change in policy.''
   The likely outcome: a tactical retreat by industry to avoid an all-out
     rout. The techies have long rejected a compromise, believing they
   would prevail. Now, pressure from the coalition of business and civil
     libertarians will probably prevent Congress from imposing domestic
     controls. But the price will be living with a modified version of
     export controls. ''For once, they are in a position where they may
   have to negotiate,'' says Reinsch. The electronic wizards seem to have
           met their match in a Washington cop named Louis Freeh.
                           EDITED BY OWEN ULLMANN
                               By John Carey
                                  Press __
            for more information from Business Week's Archive*.
     *There's no charge to see this list of stories. A small payment is
         required only if you decide to view any specific article.
   [14]SIGNUP[15]ABOUT[16]BW_CONTENTS[17]BW_+![18]DAILY_BRIEFING[19]SEARC
                              H[20]CONTACT_US
                                 [21][LINK]
                   Updated Sept. 18, 1997 by bwwebmaster
   Copyright 1997, by The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. All rights reserved.
                              [22]Terms of Use
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15.   16.   17.   18.   19.   20.   21.   22.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:13:29
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Network Solutions sued for antitrust violation 
[1]SIDEBAR                           [2]Newsbytes Advertising
Uncle Sam Sued Over Net Control
   ****Uncle Sam Sued Over Net Control 09/19/97 WASHINGTON, DC, U.S.A.,
   1997 SEP 19 (NB) -- By Bob Woods. First, New York City-based PGMedia
   took on Herndon, Virginia-based Network Solutions Inc. (NSI) over that
   company's control over Internet domain name registrations - now
   PGMedia said it is adding the US government to the defendant column of
   the suit, in the form of the National Science Foundation (NSF).
   PGMedia wants to compete with NSI in the domain name registration
   game.
   PGMedia, which is also known as "name.space," charges both defendants
   with violating US antitrust laws, saying that neither party has the
   authority "to restrict or forestall the complete opening of the Domain
   Name Registration market." Company officials said the NSF has
   "injected" itself into the domain name dispute by claiming on behalf
   of the US government that it controls the domain name system.
   PGMedia said it "steadfastly believes that the National Science
   Foundation has no authority to restrict or forestall the complete
   opening of the domain name registration market." Company officials
   said that even if the NSF did have control, its actions "have the
   clear effect of limiting freedom of expression in the first and
   foremost avenue of speech on the Internet -- the domain name."
   An NSF official told Newsbytes that the Foundation did not have an
   immediate comment on the suit or the situation.
   PGMedia first took legal action against NSI last March, after NSI
   refused PGMedia's request that reference to the name.space name
   servers be added to the root zone file, PGMedia officials said. That
   suit sought to, among other things, compel NSI to add the name.space
   top level domains (TLDs) and name servers to the root zone file. After
   several discussions with PGMedia and its counsel, PGMedia said NSI
   proposed allowing unlimited TLDs -- but only if the NSF had no
   objection.
   NSI is in a five-year contract with NSF to provide domain name
   services, Newsbytes notes.
   PGMedia said that the NSF has no more of a place in this debate than
   any other interested party, and should not act to arbitrarily limit
   speech in the top level name space even if it did.
   In June and August of this year, the NSF informed NSI that it
   controlled the root zone file, and that it could not let NSI comply
   with Federal and state antitrust laws in granting PGMedia's request,
   PGMedia said.
   PGMedia's goals in the case include bringing the US government's
   "arbitrary restriction" of the top level name space to an end, and to
   bring the issue of "who ultimately controls the global Internet" to a
   "court of competent jurisdiction," in the form of the US Federal
   District Court in the Southern District of New York.
   (19970919/Press Contacts: PGMedia, 212-219-1415; Bill Noxon, National
   Science Foundation, 703-306-1070/Reported By Newsbytes News Network:
   [3] /WWWDOME/PHOTO)
   "The Pulse of the Information Age" Newsbytes News Network
   [4] 24-hour computer, telecom and online news
   [5]Copyright (c)Newsbytes News Network. All rightsreserved. For more
   Newsbytes see         [6]Home | [7]Daily | [8]Weekly | [9]Publishers | [10]Search
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:14:21
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Trac[k]ing the Successful Drug User 
[1][Internet news from Wired News. Read the latest Internet news
   stories, scan technology news headlines. Wired News also provides
   cyber-culture and political news about the wired world]
   []
   [2][Navigation bar]
   [3][Stocks] ___________
   ______________
   [4][Search] [5][WIRED magazine]
   [6]______________
   ___________
   ______________
   Steve Silberman -->
   []
   [7][Back] Tracking the 'Successful' Drug User
   by [8]Steve Silberman    6:05pm  19.Sep.97.PDT If you fired up a bowl of Humboldt's finest to
   unwind last night, and still made it to the PTA meeting and your
   Fortune 500 job this morning, there's a new survey of recreational
   drug use on the Web that is targeting you.
   The survey, called [9]Drugnet, aims to track patterns of drug
   consumption among what researcher Tom Nicholson calls "the largest
   population of drug users in America - people who use drugs in a
   controlled, limited way, whose central focus is not drugs, but their
   families, friends and communities."
   By deploying their questionnaire on the Web, the researchers are
   hoping to use the relative anonymity of the Net to access a "hidden
   population" of drug users who would be disinclined to give accurate
   reports of illegal use to face-to-face interviewers, Nicholson says.
   Drugnet researcher John White, who, like Nicholson, is a professor of
   public health at Western Kentucky University, adds that the study aims
   to fill a gap in the available research literature created by the fact
   that many published studies focus on drug users who are in rehab or
   are students. In an era when national drug policy is based on
   prohibition and interdiction, says White, "It's an open secret that
   successful people do these drugs, but no one talks about it... There's
   a myth that all drug use is abuse."
   The third co-author of the study, David Duncan, author of the textbook
   Drugs and the Whole Person, admits that the group is being "really
   experimental" by drawing its respondents from the Net. While some
   studies in the past have relied on newspaper ads or word of mouth to
   cast a net around their sample population, the authors of Drugnet are
   using a modern, if crude, way of marshaling eyeballs to their site:
   spamming mailing lists and Usenet newsgroups. (The group's post to
   rec.antiques launched a thread about collecting 19th century drug
   paraphernalia.)
   The advantage of tapping the Net as a sample, Duncan claims, is that
   the online world is skewed toward a well-educated, employed,
   higher-income population - the very stratum of "successful" users the
   study is intended to reach.
   Contrary to media stereotypes of drug users as dysfunctional misfits,
   when the researchers conducted a pilot study for two weeks last
   November, they found their sample of 276 users were "a little more
   socially involved than the average American," Duncan observes - "more
   likely to vote regularly, more likely to be politically active, and
   they read more." And the respondents were "a close match to population
   norms" on a scale of social functioning used by the National Center of
   Health Statistics called the General Well-Being Schedule, he says.
   About a quarter of the respondents said they used LSD, with several
   citing "spiritual exploration" as a reason for their consumption of
   the drug. "It's a well-known fact that hallucinogens can be used as a
   religious, life-changing experience," says White. "People do it, but
   they feel they can't really talk about it in an atmosphere of
   non-charged discourse."
   Contributing to the "charge" around that discourse is White House drug
   czar Barry McCaffrey "spreading the dogma" of the Just Say No approach
   to drug education "as thick as he can," Duncan says, adding that
   studies like Drugnet have been discouraged because "it doesn't help
   you to get grants to go against the mainstream of thought."
   Each year, the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
   Administration releases a widely-referenced report called the
   [10]National Household Survey on Drug Abuse. Joe Gfroerer of the
   agency's Office of Applied Studies says that the study uses
   "self-administered answer sheets," returned to the interviewers in
   sealed envelopes, for the sections of the survey concerned with
   illegal drug use. Though Gfroerer admits that the survey is prone to
   "underreporting" - especially of "hard-core use" of drugs like heroin
   - he disputes the researchers' claim that the Internet is the best way
   to get a representative sample and accurate reporting of drug use.
   "I'm not sure that people would feel more secure reporting sensitive
   data over the Internet," Gfroerer says. "The problem with the Net is,
   you're responding to people you can't see, and you have no idea if the
   study is legitimate. We send a representative to people's homes who
   show identification and explain the significance of the study."
   He did say, however, that if the study was "controlled properly," you
   could get a "very large sample" of valuable data.
   The researchers admit that some Web surfers have expressed
   reservations about answering queries about illegal activities over the
   Net. As an extra security measure, survey instructions urge
   respondents to access the questionnaire via [11]the Anonymizer. White
   says that the research team is presently applying for a grant to
   purchase a secure server, for an enlarged version of Drugnet that
   could extend for years.
   "This is just the beginning of this study," says Nicholson. "We're
   looking at the future."
   Related Wired Links:
   [12]Taking on the 'Culture of Prohibition'
   3.Jun.97
   Find more related stories from the Web's top news sites with
   [13]NewsBot
   [14][Back] [15][Navigation strip]
   [16]Rants & Raves: Send your rants and raves to Wired News.
   [17]Tips: Have a story or tip for Wired News? Send it.
   [18]Copyright (c) 1993-97 Wired Ventures Inc. and affiliated companies.
   All rights reserved.
   [19][HotWired and HotBot]
   [] []
   [20]Click Here for SAP America
   [21]Tracking the 'Successful' Drug User
   [Culture]
   CULTURE
   Today's Headlines
   [22]Barney Doll Speaks, Takes Orders from TV
   [23]Tracking the 'Successful' Drug User
   [24]Dee Snider Plays Twisted Netster Onscreen
   [25]New Search Engine Makes Data Manageable
   [26]Purple Moon Finally Rises
   [27]Hit and Run
   [28]Street Cred: The Sponsored Life
   [29]Click Here for SAP America
   1. LYNXIMGMAP:
   2. LYNXIMGMAP:
   3.    4. LYNXIMGMAP:
   5.    6.    7.    8. mailto:digaman
   9.   10.   11.   12.   13.   14.   15. LYNXIMGMAP:
  16.   17. mailto:tips
  18.   19. LYNXIMGMAP:
  20.   21.   22.   23.   24.   25.   26.   27.   28.   29.

@_date: 1997-09-22 12:13:47
@_author: Damaged Justice 
@_subject: Virtual Casinos booming in Antigua 
[1]Los Angeles Times
   [News..............] ______________
   [Site Index.......] ______________
   [2][ISMAP]-[3]FRONT PAGE
   [4]Leading Ladies
                                               Sunday, September 21, 1997
   'Virtual Casinos' Cash In on Lax Rules in Antigua    By [5]MARK FINEMAN, Times Staff Writer
   [6]PREV STORY
   [7]NEXT STORY
   S T. JOHN'S, Antigua and Barbuda--None of the 64,000 residents of this
   small, three-island Caribbean nation have complained about the latest
   international gambling boom to sweep their secretive little piece of
   paradise.
        In the past few months, more than a dozen casinos have opened
   here--though most Antiguans haven't seen them and don't know they
   exist.
        Packed with games of roulette, blackjack, poker and craps, each
   gambling house is small enough to fit into the corner of a tiny room.
   Yet their owners say they are taking in millions of dollars a month
   from thousands of bettors, from Los Angeles to New York and beyond.
        It's Internet gambling--a wave of hot new Web sites set up as
   "virtual casinos" that allow you to win or lose real money from the
   comfort of your own home. And most of these sites originate in small
   villas or obscure offices on 108-square-mile Antigua, which is as
   famous for its secrecy and scandals as it is for its freewheeling tax
   laws and banking policies.
        There are no taxes on capital gains or income in Antigua and
   Barbuda. The government shuns outside scrutiny, even from its own
   citizens. During the past decade, it has licensed at least 57 offshore
   banks and at least two major sports betting operations, and only it
   knows the names and assets of their owners.
        And under legislation passed earlier this year, Antigua has been
   charging just $100,000 a year for an Internet casino license that
   offers a similar promise of minimum regulation, maximum anonymity and
   tax-free profit.
        But all that may soon change.
        The "Interbet" boom comes amid a series of recent corruption and
   fraud scandals here, the biggest involving the collapse of the world's
   first Internet bank. From a base in Antigua and with the promise of
   "utmost privacy," two Russians allegedly used the Web to bilk wealthy
   customers in the United States and elsewhere out of tens of millions
   of dollars before closing the bank and fleeing last month.
        The virtual casino boom also comes at a time when off-island
   critics, among them U.S. law enforcement agencies and the State
   Department, say Antigua's loose regulatory track record and its
   secrecy laws have amounted to a recipe for disaster. Together, they
   offer organized crime rings and international drug cartels a haven to
   "wash" billions in illicit profits through Antiguan offshore
   businesses.
        "Antigua's offshore banking sector--established in the mid-1980s
   with only limited regulation--expanded rapidly in recent years. . . .
   Unfortunately, inadequate regulation and vetting led to a surge in
   questionable banking operations--a number with alleged links to
   Russian criminal elements," declared the State Department's most
   recent report on the international narcotics and money-laundering
   trades, issued in March.
        "The growing potential for money laundering has been an
   increasing concern of both the U.S. and Antiguan governments," the
   report added.
        The advent of Internet casino gambling here merely ups the ante
   for international agencies attempting to prevent global money
   laundering and computer fraud in an era when criminal technology is
   fast eclipsing the tools of law enforcement.
        The State Department specifically cited Antigua's Internet
   banking and casino industries--"all with a similar lack of effective
   regulation"--as cause for concern.
        The U.S. report carefully praised Antiguan Prime Minister Lester
   Bird for tough new laws against money laundering passed in December
   and for his personal vow to crack down on the island's booming
   drug-transshipment trade. His government also is introducing tougher
   regulation of all offshore operations, the State Department noted.
        The few owners of virtual casinos in Antigua who agreed to be
   interviewed by The Times asserted that they welcome the new
   regulations, insisting that their operations are not only legal and
   honest but also state of the art.
        American Bill Scott, who moved his offshore sports betting
   operation to Antigua from the nearby island of St. Martin two years
   ago, said his Intercasino Web site was a natural next step for his
   parent company, World Wide Tele Sports.
        Located in the heart of St. John's, the nation's capital--atop a
   modern five-story, glass-and-marble building that most Antiguans think
   houses a computer school--Scott's operation handles millions of
   dollars in U.S. sports bets via 800 numbers under a separate Antiguan
   gaming license, he says.
        Scott says he was drawn to Antigua by the efficient phone system
   and, of course, the fact that gambling is legal here in a tax haven
   where confidentiality reigns and where even the Internet casinos are
   not viewed askance.
        Surrounded by dozens of computer stations where young Antiguans
   in headsets were taking sports bets on every conceivable contest one
   recent Sunday afternoon, Scott said business in his new Internet
   casino--located in a tiny corner of an adjacent office--is so good
   that he plans to open two more this week.
        "It's like Vegas. If you lose in one casino, you can go down the
   street to another," he said.
        To play at an Internet casino, gamblers access a casino site on
   the World Wide Web through their personal computers, establish an
   account with a credit card or money order and collect their virtual
   "chips." The computer program ushers them into a full-color,
   multidimensional casino that looks remarkably similar to those in Las
   Vegas, and they can gamble at the table of their choice.
        Given that it is an industry where only the customers' credit
   cards and money orders are real--risked against software and humans
   they never see--Scott acknowledged that Antigua's latest cyber-craze
   is ripe for fraud. But he said his casino uses the latest technology
   from two Canadian computer scientists, along with the older technology
   of random number generator chips, to ensure the fairest game around.
        Developed by the directors of Toronto-based Crytologic, which is
   publicly traded in Canada, Scott's casino software uses banking and
   encryption technology to, as he puts it, "convert real money into
   virtual cash" quickly and safely. And all winners, he said, are paid
   in a day.
        Although Scott said he welcomed the "big package of new
   regulations" that the Antiguan government recently sent him as key to
   protecting the image of the new industry, he added, "I don't think
   anybody has the knowledge of how to regulate this technology."
        And that, U.S. officials say, is especially true in Antigua,
   where the cash-strapped government has few resources and, critics say,
   little resolve to become more open.
        "This island is operated like a lodge. It's like a secret
   society," said Winston Derrick, who publishes Antigua's only
   independent newspaper. "You have to fight and fight for information."
        The government's annual expenditures, for example, are published,
   but years after the money is spent--a deliberate effort to minimize
   public interest and scrutiny, Derrick said. He added that police
   officials say even the most basic crime report is confidential.
        Although the government permits Derrick to publish his feisty
   Daily Observer, he and his brother were arrested when they started the
   island's first independent radio station last December. The case is
   still in court, and the station has not reopened.
        The prospect of prison also looms for Leonard Tim Hector if the
   opposition leader and publisher writes another word about the island's
   latest scandal--this one involving the prime minister and his
   family--in Hector's biweekly, the Outlet.
        Bird, whose family has controlled Antigua's power and politics
   for half a century, won an injunction against Hector after the
   opposition leader published stories attacking the premier for alleged
   corruption. One quoted a Venezuelan businessman, who was convicted of
   cocaine trafficking along with one of Bird's brothers two years ago,
   as saying that the premier took a $1-million bribe from Colombia's
   Cali cartel to permit drug transshipments through Antigua--a charge
   Bird flatly denies.
        Hector said he is undecided about whether to risk what would be
   his 12th prison term here by publishing more of the Venezuelan's
   accusations. But the injunction has not stopped him from sharply
   criticizing Bird's government for its policies toward offshore
   business and its lax regulation. He blamed those factors for the
   recent Internet bank debacle and said they invite similar abuse in the
   virtual casino industry.
        "They simply do not intend to regulate these new Internet
   casinos," Hector said in a recent interview. "The prime minister
   doesn't see that in his best interest."
        None of the few government officials who oversee the new
   cyber-casino trade along with all other offshore businesses on the
   island could be reached for comment.
        In the aftermath of the Internet bank collapse, however, the
   official Antigua & Barbuda Government Internet Web page has posted the
   new offshore rules and regulations for closer inspection.
        But a look at the rise and fall of the European Union Bank, which
   billed itself as the world's first full-service Internet bank, helps
   explain why U.S. officials are viewing Antigua's latest cyber-boom
   with concern.
        Privately, many of those officials said the Antiguan government
   should have been suspicious of the bank's operations long before it
   closed its only door in early August, leaving tens of millions of
   dollars in deposits missing.
        The Bank of England grew suspicious of the bank in October. It
   publicly warned investors that the bank was offering unrealistically
   high interest rates in an unsecured environment that is not policed.
        After a similar alert from U.S. banking officials in April, the
   state of Idaho issued a cease-and-desist order against the bank,
   barring it from offering its services to Internet customers in the
   state.
        But it wasn't until the day the bank shut down that Antigua's new
   Office of National Drugs and Money Laundering Policy issued an
   official "fraud alert," which opposition publisher Hector called
   "closing the stable door after both thieves and horses have bolted."
        Jane Rodriguez, Bill Scott's systems administrator--who set up
   the Intercasino Web site--concluded: "If the government wants the
   revenue to continue to flow, they know they have got to make an effort
   to control it."
   [8]Search the archives of the Los Angeles Times for similar stories.
   You will not be charged to look for stories, only to retrieve one.
   Copyright Los Angeles Times
   [9]PREV STORY
   [10]NEXT STORY
     _________________________________________________________________
   [News..............] ______________
   [Site Index.......] ______________
   1.    2.    3. LYNXIMGMAP:
   4.    5. mailto:Mark.Fineman
   6.    7.    8.    9.   10.

@_date: 1997-11-29 12:28:06
@_author: damaged justice 
@_subject: Without Laws, There Are No Rights 
[1]SIDEBAR                                  [2][LINK]
No End In Sight To Thai Internet Regulation
          ****No End In Sight To Thai Internet Regulation 11/28/97
          BANGKOK, THAILAND, 1997 NOV 28 (NB) -- By Sasiwimon Boonruang,
          Bangkok Post. Finding a consensus on how the Internet should be
          regulated in Thailand is proving to be a difficult task,
          experts say.
          Attorney General Office Prosecutor Shinnawat Thongpakdee said
          the law defines and protects human rights and duties and
          inevitably involves itself with human behavior. As the Internet
          is a phenomenon related with human behavior as well, it would
          "unavoidably" be involved with the law as well.
          There are several "rights" involved with Internet information:
          the right to control access to information, right of
          information use, right of copying information, and the right to
          publicize information. These rights cannot be separated, he
          said.
          The rights come from several laws - "without laws, there are no
          rights," the prosecutor said.
[And a BIG, HEARTY RASPBERRY to this CLUELESS MORON!]
          In the Internet world, the producers of information own the
          copyright to their work, and consequently, any law regarding
          the Internet should also go hand in hand with copyright laws.
          There is no solution at the moment as to whether there should
          be compulsory laws regarding the Internet because it's
          difficult to use legal means to enforce such laws, and they
          would also vary greatly from one country to the next.
          One practical approach would be drawing up of a worldwide
          conventional agreement regarding Internet regulation, allowing
          each country to sign off of their own choosing.
          At the very least, he said, we should accumulate information
          concerning the Internet in order to consider what should be
          allowed or prohibited - this information would be useful in the
          future.
          Mr Shinnawat added that Internet technology is very new for the
          legal sector and other societies, and it was difficult to make
          any conclusions in legal term about the Internet at the moment.
          He said the Internet provided the opportunity for all - rich
          and poor alike - to access and make use of information, even
          though the reality would be that the gap between rich and poor
          would grow even wider.
          According to Internet Thailand Service Center (ITSC) President
          Trin Tantsetthi, infringement on the Internet has increased
          greatly during the last year, and laws regarding the Internet
          would be very hard to enforce.
          For example, there were already 30,000 documents on the
          Internet in Thailand already.
          Copyright infringements on the works of others was wrong in
          both moral and legal terms, he said, but using legal means to
          deal with it would prove difficult. Social pressures might be
          an alternative.
          Wanchai Kanti, of Thammasat University, said people should have
          freedom of speech and freedom to express opinions, and that the
          flow of information "should not be closed", especially to
          academic institutes. There should not be laws to control
          Internet content, although opinions expressed should be done in
          a responsible manner.
          Reported By Newsbytes News Network: [3]
          (19971128)
   [4]Copyright (c)Newsbytes News Network. All rightsreserved. For more
   Newsbytes see          [5]Home | [6]Daily | [7]Weekly | [8]Publishers | [9]Search
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5.    6.    7.    8.    9.

@_date: 1997-12-30 02:44:14
@_author: damaged justice 
@_subject: newscolumn1.html 
[1]Microsoft Small Business [2]Business First [3]Kemper Insurance
                                 Companies
                           [4][ISMAP]-[5][USEMAP]
                                                      December 29, 1997   Tech Watch
Groups line up in support for Internet commerce taxes
       ______________________________________________________________
     John Frees
     Rumblings on the horizon suggest that tax-free Internet commerce
     could be coming to an end.
     State governments, already losing as much as $3 billion annually in
     taxes on direct-mail purchases, are taking a strong look at the
     growing market for online purchases.
     The Federation of Tax Administrators, the National Conference of
     State Legislatures, National League of Cities and the National
     Governors' Association all want Congress to let states tax such
     purchases.
     But problems involved in deciding how states could collect those
     taxes could delay any foreseeable solution.
     Advocacy groups favoring the collection have created an electronic
     commerce project to decide how states can obtain their share of
     taxes.
     But even advocates have wide differences of opinion, says Harley
     Duncan, executive director of Washington D.C.-based Federation of
     Tax Administrators.
     "People in the project run the gamut from those who want to apply
     taxes responsibly to everyone to those who argue that electronic
     commerce deserve special consideration, while others say we ought
     to say it should be treated the same as mail order," he says.
     There are some similarities -- and some differences -- between mail
     order and Internet commerce, says tax attorney Harvey Dunn of law
     firm Schottenstein Zox & Dunn. If a company has some presence in
     Ohio, say a store or a trucking company, then sales tax could be
     charged. But an out-of-state mail-order company that ships a
     product via common carrier doesn't have to charge sales tax.
     However, buyers should pay a "use tax" on items once they receive
     them, he says. "But no one does," Dunn says.
     Cars bought out of state are charged a use tax because they are
     titled, which gives the state control.
     The difficulty comes in determining how to collect such a tax, says
     Julie Carpenter, spokeswoman for the Ohio Department of Taxation.
     Right now, there's no way for the state to police all the goods
     that are bought elsewhere but used here.
     "An Ohio taxpayer's obligation is to pay the tax," she says.
     "Realistically, is this going to happen? Probably not, without
     guidelines and some oversight."
     Online purchases are even murkier because the Net's unique nature
     allows some products such as music, software or electronic
     magazines, to be downloaded, Duncan says.
     While a CD purchased in a store can be taxed, how can a government
     collect on a few megabytes sent over the Internet?
     The electronic commerce project is looking at a billing address
     approach, Duncan says. If the commerce terminates in a state and is
     billed to someone in that state, then that state could make a
     strong case for collecting taxes on the commerce.
     Another issue states face is the different taxation rates among
     states. If a product made in New Hampshire is sold online to
     someone in Ohio, should Ohio collect a sales tax even though New
     Hampshire doesn't have a state sales tax? And how should sales from
     other countries be factored?
     Because of these and other issues, Duncan doesn't expect project
     members to have a grasp of the issue until sometime next summer.
     Meanwhile, Everen Securities estimates general, apparel, furniture
     and other sales nationwide are expected to hit $795 billion by
     2000.
     As much as $79 billion of that will be sold online. At an average
     sales tax of 5 percent, nearly $4 billion in taxes will go
     uncollected unless the states can convince the federal government
     to figure out a way to give them a share.
     Got a tip for Tech Watch? Reach reporter John Frees at
     columbus or by phone at 461-4040, ext. 143.
     (c) 1997, Business First
                                                    [6]More News Columns
   1.    2.    3.    4.    5. LYNXIMGMAP:
   6.

@_date: 1998-12-09 03:17:37
@_author: damaged justice 
@_subject: Survey Says Kids Feel 'Threatened' By Internet 
A survey has suggested that up to half a million British children may
   have been upset by something they have seen on the Internet.
   The NOP poll shows that one in five of nearly 4,000 children between
   the ages of six and 16 interviewed for the survey between September
   and October this year were "uncomfortable" with some content viewed
   on-line.
   In the UK, 2.4 million children are estimated to use the Internet -
   roughly a third of all children between six and 16.
   Of those who have had negative experiences while surfing the Internet,
   the largest proportion - 40% - had seen something "rude".
   'Not surprised'
   One in seven said they had encountered content that had "freightened
   them", while 25% saw pages that they thought "would get them into
   trouble".
   NOP Associate Director Rob Lawson described the numbers as a
   "significant minority".
   The children's charity NCH Action for Children suggested the survey
   strengthened calls for Internet regulation to protect younger users.
   Charity spokesman John Carr said: "I regret to say I'm not surprised
   by this survey's findings, it's what we have been saying for some
   time.
   Net nannies
   "Parents need to know their children are surfing the net in safety and
   security. At the moment, they have no way of knowing that at all."
   NCH Action for Children, which advises the government on children's
   issues, backs the introduction of "net nannies" - programmes which
   filter out content unsuitable for children.
   The survey, called Kids.net, was paid for by Microsoft, the BBC,
   NatWest and Anglia Multimedia in syndicate.
   The Department of Trade and Industry's forthcoming review on Internet
   regulation is expected to be published before Christmas.
[from news.bbs.co.uk]
