
@_date: 1996-01-12 16:25:23
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: E-cash and Interest 
Once the Ecash Mint and the account (in our case the WorldCurrency
Access account - others will be different) are merged, the balance
you hold in the Mint may be able to earn interest.  Like an
individual, the amount of interest offered  will involve a cost benefit relationship based on cost of funds, regulation,  and operational costs, but there should be no obvious reason not to pay something in most curencies.
One note, under US banking regulation, "transaction accounts" fall
under different rules than money market accounts, savings accounts,
and NOW accounts.  Depending on the exact functionality desired, and future regulation changes, there will be more or less incentive
and/or legal ability to pay interest.
Given the current functionality of Ecash there will be little incentive to hold balances on your hard drive once interest is
available.  It is just too easy to move the money down when
you need it.  Today there is no specific cost incentive between the Mint and your hard drive.
It does not take a long leap to see that when the account and the
Mint are merged, that since the Mint _is_ the account, PC/Internet banking, debit and all other regular banking functionality can
become immediately integrated!
Frank Trotter
Opinions expressed are my own....

@_date: 1996-01-12 05:38:16
@_author: "Frank O. Trotter, III" 
@_subject: New Ecash Consumer Fee Schedule 
There is no charge for movement of money within the Ecash system!  Once the money is in Ecash you can do as many transactions as you like and it won't cost you anything There is only a charge to move money back and forth between your
WorldCurrency Access account and the Ecash system (much like an ATM fee).  Depending on the Schedule you select, and the balances you keep,
there may be no monthly fee for your WorldCurrency Access account or for money movements between your WorldCurrency Access account
and the Ecash Mint!
That means a no monthly fee account is within your reach!
Remember that you can also earn interest by maintaining a balance over $2,500 in an interest bearing WorldCurrency Access account.
SCHEDULE OF CHARGES
You choose the option that suits you best:
             Schedule 1     Schedule 2     Schedule 3     Ecash Account
Opening Fee    $11.00         $25.00         $25.00    Monthly Fee:     1.00                2.00             5.00
Number of included monthly transfers in to Mint:                1                    2                  5
(any dollar amount!)
Cost of transactions within Ecash system:                Zero             Zero              Zero
Average balance
in WorldCurrency
Access to waive Monthly Fee:        $500             $750            $1,500
Cost per additional transfer to Mint:     3.00              2.00                1.00
Move money out
of Mint:                 5.00%            4.50%             4.00%
(percent of balance transferred)
Additional transfers to Mint and fees to move money out of
Mint apply at all balance levels.
Explanation of fees:
There are several types of fees that are designed to be easy
to understand, and low where you want them to be low.
1) Ecash Account Opening fee - this covers the processing    involved in setting  up an account.
2) Monthly Maintenance Fee - low if you are an infrequent    user - higher if you want to reduce your overall cost.     The monthly fee covers the scheduled number of     transfers to the Ecash system from your WorldCurrency    Access Account, and each schedule type receive a
   different charge for transfers from the Ecash system
   Back to the WorldCurrency Access account.
3) Additional transfer fee - cost per additional transfer    per month to the Ecash system from your WorldCurrency    Access account- if you just do one large one per month    then you may never need this.
4) Move money out of Mint - when you want to move your    money from the Ecash system to your WorldCurrency Access    account.  To make this cost effective to you there is no    minimum charge per transfer charge, only a charge based    on a percentage of the balance transferred!
5) Average Balance in WorldCurrency Access to waive Monthly    Fee: If you maintain this amount as an average daily    balance for the entire interest payment period, the    monthly fee will be waived.  Additional transfer fees    and "Move money out of Mint" fees will continue to apply    and can result in a charge.
Contact: Mark Twain Bank
         Frank O. Trotter, III
         Vice President Capital Markets Group
         Director International Markets Division
         ftrotter
         Phone: +314-997-9213   Fax: +314-569-4906
