
@_date: 1996-02-14 01:48:06
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: V-chips, CC, and Motorcycle Helmets 
It's real simple folks. Turn the damn set off.
If parents wont accept the responsiblity to monitor what their kids watch, then they get what they get. If I don't want my kids watching television when I am gone, then I take the remote with me, as that is the only way my TV works.
The V-chip, like every other type of electronic lockbox devised to date, is nothing more than a band aid trying to cover the real problem - lack of attention paid to one's children and what they are doing. A govermental solution designed to regulate and legislate morality. History has demonstrated that every time a government makes attempts to enforce what is considered the basic tenants of civilized behavior then the game has already been lost. The people and the politics have become so corrupted that no form of democracy will survive for long - as it is dependant on the individual's willingness to abide by the principle of personal honesty.

@_date: 1996-03-09 18:31:27
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: U.S. State Dept criticizes Chinese net-censorship 
To me this sounds more like an argument on perspective.
IF you hold to the premise that self-censorship is based in a large part on witholding your natural inclination and/or reaction, then yes the argument can be made that self-censorship occurs all the time. However, I would submit that J.F.A. is correct and that your position is but a subset of the original statement.
To wit: If I found myself in a situation where the person involved was behaving like a jerk - but I did not speak my mind (as to achieve some defind goal, favor, etc.) because my moral compass indicated that such an action was inappropriate to acheive said goal - then I can make the case of both self-censorship (by your definition) and non-censorship (as none was required) by J.F.A's definition. It's called personal restraint based upon the practice and acceptance of culturally defind rules of civil behavior within a particular community.
As to the art community:
I find pieces of "art", such as the cross in the urine, extremely distasteful and insulting to the christian sects who value that symbol as part of their religious culture. However, the NEA thought it was "brilliant" enough to warrant a grant to the artist in question - who profited by his work. Now, who, if anybody is correct in their stance about what is or is not "acceptable" material for publication and support with tax dollars ?
Anwser? It's purely subjective. I choose to censor my viewing to not include works that I deem offensive or immaterial. Obviously, somebody thought it was wonderful enough to give the guy money for his effort. Different strokes for different folks.
As to censorship itself:
Censorship, IMO, is tool that we (as people) use every day to screen out unwanted or unnecessary information. It is not a bad thing - just a tool. Where things change with respect to it (as a tool) is in to what purpose it is put.
When censorship is encouraged or utilized for the express purpose of controlling information content and/or flow so as to subjegate the will of another to your own control, then I personally view this as wrong. Others will disagree (especially in certain sections of UNCLE). They will make the case for service to the community based upon National Security interests, politcal cause, religious, etc. So be it.
As it stands, even with the exercise of unrighteous dominion, we still have the agency to choose to accept or reject the conditions we find ourselves in. Rationalization only serves to salve our conscience when we tell ourselves there is no choice, when we have already made the choice and have resigned ourselves to it.
The founding fathers wrote the Bill of Rights in the order of appearance for a specific purpose and intent. They did not enjoy the same freedom of discussion and representation as we do today (even with all the silly restrictions UNCLE seems to feel are necessary in legislating our morality). The First Amendment (free speech) was first because they felt it was more important than all the rest. Without it, the other amendments are without meaning and just execution.
However, they did not intend that such rights as free speech be practiced without using common sense. It is one thing to hold a view repugnant to a community of your peers - but quite another to attempt to force that view upon them without their consent by court action or political coercision. The tired and worn example of shouting "FIRE!" in a crowded movie house is a perfect example of a bone-head manuever made to test the fence. In some other place or time, it may be considered funny or annoying - but in today's society (where people tend to get hyper-sensitive) it is considered criminal by statute of law as the potential consequence of such an action may inadvertantly bring harm to another. Hence - we as a culture have attempted to codify common sense into legal statute (which itself is a larger bone-head maneuver attempting to rectify the first).
Where does this leave things:
For society at large, the divisiveness of the actions promulgated by people looking for offense - coupled with the encouragement by lawyers to seek redress by way of tort (which profits them, but not the litigating parties), only serves to tear the fabric of the republic as it was created by the founding fathers. We will willingly GIVE UP our right to free speech in all it's forms over time because our selfish behavior encourages us to act unwisely to "get even" with the other guy. The government has to do nothing except sit back and encourage the trend, so that people will petition the very goverment that derives it power and authority from the governed to take it away from them. Then, when it is too late - they will realize that they gave away their most precious posession - as Esau gave up his birthright over a meal.
I wouldn't worry about the art community and any perception of self-censorship. Historically, artisans, writers, scientists and other creative people tend to be among the first of the rats to flee the sinking ship and swim to places more tolerant of their world view. There will always be a home for such people as creativity is always appreciated in one form or another by somebody.

@_date: 1996-03-10 06:18:46
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: U.S. State Dept criticizes Chinese net-censorship 
Well, I'll accept the premise at face value for the moment - as per our discussion. The argument points out the blatant spin control exercised on the language by those who would "manage" our daily affairs. Orwell was correct in his "Newsspeek".
What I can't understand is why it is so difficult for some people to understand the difference between discipline and control. Discipline to time proven principles of social behavior begets freedom and allows one to control themselves rather than the state making it their pervue.
Self-mastery does at least two things (germain to this discussion). First, it promotes and awareness in an individual that they can not make it alone - thus addressing the social nature of Man. It engenders a desire to render service to one's neighbor as it is intuitively understood that benefit to one's self is derived from the benefit enjoyed by one's neighbor. There is another topical digression I wont go into here.
Second, it reduces the need for governmental control and regulation, because order is kept by all, rather than enforced by the few within the community. Thus it reduces government pervue to those problems and issues that requires a much larger scale of economy than can be achieved effectively by the local enclave. The Interstate highway system, communication infrastructure, trading policies and national defense are items that can be justified at this level of view.
While a bit utopic in view, such a system properly employed would not require cryptography to handle communications as the trust would exist in the confidential delivery of such communique. However, this world being what it is promotes the use of trusted agents for delivery because of Man's selfish tendencies...
The first I would dispute, the second is apparent... :-)
I would answer the question this way: Look at a child when it is a newborn. It is innocent, completely dependant, and loves unconditionally (relatively so). By age 5, at least half the learning this person will do in their life time has been accomplished. IT is at this stage that one can look at predict the behavior for some time to come (assuming nothing drastic changes in the child's next few years of life). Over time they loose that natural curiosity and innocence that in large part drove them to explore. They form opinions right or wrong about issues both tangible and intangible.
In my estimation, the nature of man is clearly delineated by the behavior displayed when he first comes into this world: curious, selfish, loving, and needy for social contact. All attributes of his character can be defined and shaped by these things, the experiences in life and the examples set for him by those who are his mentors. If man turns predatory, it is because he found that set of behaviors best suit his needs of the moment - otherwise he would seek other ways of fullfilling those needs. Hence - we are not rational creatures.

@_date: 1996-03-26 13:18:37
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: RISKS: Princeton discovers another Netscape security flaw 
Well, what would you suggest then ? Some mental masturbation like C++ ?
 :-)
I have found over the years, that C, just like anything other language, has it's quirks and foibles. malloc() calloc() alloc() and realloc() are known problems that go way back to the early days on the DEC; not to mention odd sized structure members can cause phase errors during compilation that never show until runtime.
I will agree with you here. What I mildly take issue with is that the C compiler shoulders the blame for faults that lie in the libraries and OS  - just to start pointing fingers. DOS is famous for it's lack of system integrity when it comes to file and memory management - yet the standard library can do no more than what the target OS allows to take place. Thus the language get's blamed for shortcommings in an environment. Also, consider that many applications these days are built using third part Now we have the added dimension of someone else's code on top of our own, plus the compiler, plus the libraries, plus the OS. It's not a pretty picture, especially since we trust "packaged goods" too much.
C itself is only composed of some 28 keywords, plus some extensions and a simple grammer. I personally will trust the the compiler first before I would trust the libraries linked, just based upon the simplicity of the language - failing some glaring error in the parser.

@_date: 1996-04-16 16:50:22
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Trojan Horse Loose On The Internet 
Yes, the PKZIP 3.0 virus does exist, but it is a trojan, not a virus. You have to run the program - then it does a dance on your disk with less than pleasurable results. The latest official version of PKZIP I know of is 2.04g. Any other version greater than this should be suspect.

@_date: 1996-04-26 19:33:50
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: trusting the processor chip 
This is getting more rediculous by the minute. If NSA wanted to find out what you were typing, they dont need to subvert microcode or chips on the board. Unless you have a tempest device - all they have to do is pull RF from your vicinty  and they can *see* just exactly what your typing.

@_date: 1996-05-12 19:51:38
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
The technique is called "parking", and it has been illegal for many years. Basically it requires at least 2 people to conduct the "resource shifting". Two accounts are established, one takes all losses against a commodity and the other gets the wins. This is rolled over almost exponetially by "pyramiding" contracts on margin. As such, the person or institution who requires the "loss" handles the losing account directly. The other account may or may not be handled by the first party, but they have access to it, or use an intermediary such as a broker to funnel the "wins" accordingly.

@_date: 1996-05-14 18:01:57
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
First off, if you were born in the US, they have your feet and/or hand prints on record. Secondly, fingerprints are not an absolute proof positive means of identification. They are sufficiently unique enough that it satisfies the statistical error acceptability for many governmental agencies.
I wouldn't worry about it personally. There are more effective ways of getting around such things if you really need to. If you don't have any historical baggage, then don't make waves.

@_date: 1996-05-14 19:27:14
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
You can refuse, and the service or permit applied for will be witheld. Not very productive.
I know of no such instance (other than some informal "fingerprint the kiddies for safety" schtick) where it's a do-it--yourself operation. While the methods listed are clever, they and many other finaglings are the main reason it's done in the "light of day" by a tech.
Doesn't always work. Partials can be extrapolated to yield a relative match.
Wont work. The hands are checked first for signs of tampering.
Pineapple juice and other weak acidic subtances ruin the ridges on the finger tips causing them to smear or not show at all. Unfortunately, this takes a period of time and constant handling of such items.
There may be a book or to on the subject. The local library may carry refernce or other materials on police, detective and forensics. You can also try Revolution Books in Seattle WA. They deal in the esoteric.

@_date: 1996-05-16 12:52:08
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
Which ones specifically?
My point is not about the variance of seals and certificates (I have at least 6 different ones prove it from 4 different states). That is a given. It is that prints have been a generally accepted practice for some time now. IF you want to make the case and go back to the early days (pre-WWII), then people like attila and a few others don't have them - and I'll concede the point on that basis.
The information I received has come from inquiries to folks I know within the AMA, several different hospital adminstration staff in various states - whose job it is to handle such affairs, and few other people who make it their business to know such trivia. IF the information is in error, I'll gladly accept correct input. Next time, don't be so quick to accuse without inquirying to context. I'm not J.Bell.

@_date: 1996-05-16 15:36:40
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
Thats fine, but tell me it's going to play at the clearance level...It If there is a serious crime involved, partials are sufficient to make the "guest list" if there are other mitigating factors to even suspect you might be involved. That's doesn't mean you'll make it to the top, but it can certainly cause some painful scrutiny.
Again, process will work, but not allowed in context of clearance.
There needs to be suffcient damage to the ridges by some chemical or mechanical means (sand paper, concrete, brick, etc.) to remove the distiguishing ridges, and not replace them with a traceable pattern of any kind. Scraping the fingertips runs the risk of leaving trace marks that are just as good as the ridges you tried to remove - even better if you've left finger prints as a result. The point to the game is not to search any database, but to produce a verifiable match with evidence at the scene of any crime. In the case of a clearance, it is to start or validate an identification process. IF validation is unobtainable via fingerprints, then the issuing body can employ other means (such as retinal scans) or deny clearance all together.

@_date: 1996-05-16 13:16:14
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
No, and for obvious reasons.
If the guy is worried because he is paranoid, then that is his reality. It's not as difficult as you might think to find someone if you really want to - with or without fingerprints.
If he is paranoid because he has baggage, then that is also his problem. We live by our own choices everyday - both good and bad. There are some consequences that take time to catch up with us, and some of those are If the job is worth it to him, then he will submit - otherwise there are lots of other places to work that don't require printing.

@_date: 1996-05-18 20:05:56
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
Thank you for the information. I was unware of this.
Ofcourse this will be the case until the Beltway decides for our benefit and protection that we must all be tagged like the family pet. These are the same folks who are currently operating under the premise of "give us your guns, then we'll lock up the criminals".
Even if they decide to play the "stamp the hand" game, the logistics of creating and coordinating the data flow of such a system are dubious at best. The IRS still hasn't figured out how to put together a working computer model (and I would hazard to guess they own the largest of the large - outside of Langley).
The government and local agencies do not have to have everyone's prints (of any kind) directly on file. In order to play the game, they must exist in some form, and the people responsible for managing such activities should be educated enough to know where to look. It devolves quickly to a data warehousing problem that becomes tedious to solve, but not impossible.
I'm not interested in unsolved cases (crimes) that involve unmatched prints. It really is irrelevant to the discussion. There are too many other mitigating factors that influence the course of such an investigation. Again, I will state, it's a data warehousing problem to locate such information (presuming it exists). You have to know where to look before chasing down the most likely candidate.
Agreed, however, I didn't think I represented a hands only premise.

@_date: 1996-05-18 19:20:29
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
Agreed, but there are other factors to consider. For example, it is not everyday that someone runs their fingers over sandpaper (via sander or not). This may indeed destroy the tell-tale finger print initially, but it leaves a distinguishing pattern, that can be matched to other evidence such as blood, DNA, fiber, etc. In some instances like this, the computer is useless to match finger prints, and balance of the decision rests with incriminating evidence. To wit: the "mutilated pattern" provides key identification if a good print is lifted and matched directly to the suspect - even though a copy of the "new" print doesn't exist.
The smart ones use this for starters..
I never maintained that the CIA or other body employs more than the standard issue. What I am saying is that there are other methods out there to validate means believed to be compromised - should a situation warrant such invasive techniques. I have never encountered any situation that called for anything other than fingerprints - even inside DoD (which in my opinion can be far more paranoid than the agencies).

@_date: 1996-05-23 15:02:09
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Floating Point and Financial Software 
While I wont argue the veracity of floating point use in financials, I will make a point or two for your consideration.
The basic issue in the micro world has been imprecision - primarily due to word size (8 and 16 bit). Frankly I view it more as a pain tolerance to estimation. Now that 32 and 64 processors are handy (yes the 80 bit x87 has been around for a while), it becomes more of an issue of hair splitting. I never incorporate floating point into any of the financial software I have written over the years, primarily just on a matter of principle. Secondly, since most of it was written to the Intel platform (read washing machine controller), there is a very distinct advantage in doing integer only from purely a performance basis.
As to acuracy. Normally it doesn't matter when the rounding error sits some 18 to 23 decimal places out, when you are calculating dollars and cents, but many of the calculations I have been forced to endure center around such mathematical abuses as compound interest. Here, it is not only probably, but expected to work thousands of recalculations in a series, with each building upon the last. Rounding error grows very quickly in these types of circumstances. However, just to be fair, there is a plethora of business math done in software that limits itself from one to several recalcs, and the accuracy only needs to be to the penny or at worst 4 to 6 decimal places out.
Even Intel can handle this.... :-)
DId you hear that Intel has found a home for all those pentiums with the floating point error ? They sold them to Mattel.
Now when you pull Barbie's string, she says "Math is hard..."
...Paul (politically incorrect and loving it..)

@_date: 1996-05-23 14:15:27
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
If floating point is implemented properly in *both* hardware and software, then the claim is valid. I have seen too many instances of floating point support and/or emulation from people like MS and Borland that would scare the bejeebers out of most competent programmers
Again, exact integer artimetic derived from floating point is dependant on how well the floating point "behaves". Mainframes dont suffer the same fate as some of the uP's do.

@_date: 1996-05-24 12:18:28
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Floating Point and Financial Software 
Yes, I suppose we could revive the urban legend about the programmer at SW Bank in Houston who did this slight of hand for 18 mos and then split the country.
But there is a simpler method to avoid the problem entirely. There is suffcient horsepower in uP's these days to support "long hand" division and multiplication. Granted it takes some extra grey matter to write the routines, but once done, you can vary the amount of precision to whatever you desire and not have to worry about accuracy.
The only penalty you pay for is time. If you need the accuracy, you'll gladly give the time, or put more horsepower in the box.

@_date: 1996-06-10 14:07:32
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: 
A brief survey of history reveals that humans are more anxious to repeat the mistakes of their peers and forebearers than to learn from them. It's not that they don't learn, but fail to pass the wisdom on to their progeny. Not to mention that the average retention span is quite low.
Or you could exhume the old argument that stupid people shouldn't breed. :-)

@_date: 1996-06-11 19:44:50
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Slander of Catholic Church 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
It's The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
If your going to criticize it, at least get the name right.
                                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Do you wear yours on the outside like Madonna?
Frankly, I think this discussion needs to be put back into alt.flame.the.religion.of.your.choice. It's bad enough to watch a discussion on anonymous transactions devolve into useless drivel on whale ownership and the questionable philisophical ruminations of a Piled Higher and Deeper, without flinging this prarrie muffin on the pile too.

@_date: 1996-06-17 17:46:02
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Slander of Catholic Church 
No, Tim, I got your point. What I object to is the use of the list to express yet another tangental non-topical thread when we already have the "hallowed" Dr. Hallam-Baker pontificating on the virtues and existentialism of the marketplace at what I suppose he presumes is at the expense of Perry Metzger, the assasination politics bullshit, and various other noise producing posts.
What you may not realize is, while the CoS may be interested in protecting their reputation, I have not seen spam in this list as the result of any critism; however, anti-mormonism runs long and deep, and there will be a deluge of postings here should some entrprising individual take it upon himself to post the topic elsewhere (which I have seen samples of post from this list appear in other usenet groups.)
What I don't want to see is this list get any muddier. 4 Days out of pocket and I have 345 messages, most of which gets round filed.
I don't comment on the Catholics as I don't know enough about them to render an informed opinion.
As to the free speech and exercising of religion issues, I find that more relavent and worthy of the writings that hallmark your thoughtfulness on any topic.

@_date: 1996-06-20 12:32:51
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Current status of RSA patent... 
Can anyone provide additional information on the RSA patent status? If memory serves me, it is due to expire sometime in 1997. Also, what are the ramifications of deploying software based around it, such as PGP 2.62i (from UK)?

@_date: 1996-06-20 15:10:44
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Current status of RSA patent... 
SIMM replacment on both sides of the aisle.
Patent # 	4.200.770
Expiration:	3/29/97
Inventor(s)	Hellman, Diffie, Merkle
Coverage:	Diffie-Hellman Key Exchange
Patent #	4,405,829
Expiration:	9/20/2000
Inventor(s)	Rivest, Shamir, Adleman
Coverage:	RSA
PGP 2.6.2i is not US codebase, and RSA is not patented outside the US according to Bruce Schneiner. Therefore, if a product was deployed into the US using a non-US codebase, it is unclear to me what legal jurisdiction (if any) RSA may have in these circumstances.

@_date: 1996-06-25 19:40:57
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
Right, and I bet Clinton really believes what someone wrote for him to wax political on. :->
If Clinton really thinks that Cyberspace is the Second Coming, then explain to me CLIPPER's 1,2 and 3, Janet Reno, Dorothy Denning, the CDA, Exercising dominion over this medium for the excuse of protecting us from the bad guys is yet another lame excuse for tossing out what little freedoms we have allowed to be legislated away. The mere fact, that cryptography is considered a hinderance to "protecting the citizenry" by this administration is tantamount to declaring war on personal privacy.
When his legislative efforts actually fall in line with believable rhetoric, then maybe I'll pay more attention. Up to date, he has demonstrated his true character, or lack thereof, between what he says and what he and his Clintonistas do.
This presumes that Cyberspace is regulated to begin with. I have yet to see anyone apply a litmus test that equally covers all jurisdictions and geopolitical climes. Last time I looked, Cyberspace was more "west of the Pecos" than any other communications medium that is generally available - which IMO is one of the last places that the first amendment actually still applies.
As for surviving deregulation, I would be more worried about the coming stock market crash and the devaluation of the worthless currency we carry in our pockets. Industry comes and goes with changes in technology, and the legal system continues on in the never ending effort to block progress and prop up self-serving ends.
10 years from now, many of the "regulated" industries we hold dear may not even exist in recognizable form.
"By the way, a new world record was set today in the 200 meter dash...Hillary heard a knock at the door and thought there was a
Subpoena waiting..."

@_date: 1996-06-27 12:18:43
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: CIA Fears UmpTeen InfoNukes 
Lying with statistics probably started with the invention of the same. Mark Twain put it best:
"There are lies, damn lies, and statistics"

@_date: 1996-07-04 11:01:39
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: LE Risks with No Crypto 
I will presume for the moment that you actually support this position and this is not a blatant troll.
I disagree completely with the premise that the government will always be the juciest target. If you read Tim May's treatise about terrorism, he makes a point that may never be openly discussed by the press as it makes all too much sense. That point is simply that terrorism begins to blossom against a government when  a section of the citizenry percieves that they have been disenfranchised by that government and view no opportunity for legal recourse to change the situation, and are not willing to live under those rules.
The fact that AT&T may or may not use encryption on their records is irrelevant. That BATF agent could have been the one to pull records illegally instead. Now where is your point ? A government represented has now abused position and priviledge to persue a purpose - right or wrong.
The US government is at risk because of the robber baron mentality of many of the government officials, congressmen, representatives, and of course BIll & Hillary. IMO They have purposefully abused position and priveldge and lined their own pockets to their advantage - leaving many of the citizenry wondering what is really going on. I am not a supporter of the militia movement - however, they do represent a growing segment of the population that feels disenfrachised and view violence against the visible government establishment as a way to make their point.
There are others who view the government the same way as the militia, but resort to trying to continue to work within the existing system to make the changes they feel are necessary. In this venue encryption is not only desirable but necessary as those in power are trying to consolidate their position by trying to use information they can glean against those who want to remove them from office or thwart their efforts to enact bad legislation. RIchard Nixon was noted for his use of the IRS against select folks. Now we have BIll Clinton and the 700+ personal files collect for use against "enemies" of the administration.
My position is that crypto should be available to all - not just the government or a priviledged few. Any technology man creates can be used for good or evil. That will never change.

@_date: 1996-07-05 10:30:11
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Net and Terrorism. 
Normally I would snip a bit to save bandwidth, but your comments, abreviated, would not be as effective.
My cousin is attached to one of the Ranger companies that went to Somalia, among other "friendly" vacation spots. He told me that just prior to moving out to rescue 6 men pinned down at 900 m by sniper fire, his CO instructed them that these snipers were muslim and considered it an honor to die for their religion. His last words to them were: "Tell them 'Go with God', then fire!"
As far as John was concerned it was a win-win situation...
BTW, Attila, this was one of the companies Eric had to help pull out of the fire, created courtesy of the UN and the Pakistani CO for that attachment. But that's an interesting story for another time.

@_date: 1996-07-07 17:25:52
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: CCC Crypto Lock 
Possibly, when looked on in a narrow venue. Polymorphic viruses exhibit this as only one characteristic though. It would be a tough sell in my book. Unless the patent's author stipulates in his method that this issue is the basis for the claim and that his claim is unique because of this method - then it just one step of many from point A to B.
As a hunch, I would suspect that Vault Corp. may have existing code that might qualify as prior art. Dave Lawrence and a few of his coding buddies spent several years staying one step ahead of software products like copyright, and it is concievable that some of this methodology may have been employed to do so.

@_date: 1996-07-07 17:47:32
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: CCC Crypto Lock 
Don't rush to judge too quickly. Software patents (For the most part) are *not* really understood by the patent office. Why do you think Compton's slid one by on Multi-media ? Fortunately, there was so much fuss set up over that one, the office pulled it for review. All it takes is someone "skilled in the art" to backup your claim that method "A" is provably workable...

@_date: 1996-07-21 07:32:21
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
NIce try at a segway, but this reasoning is nothing more than bullshit.
I get so tired of hearing the same press/DNC derived crap after 3 days...
Limbaugh is giving up the show because it is run in syndication. Syndication is not a profitable format with the ensuing satellite blitz on the horizon. Limbaugh is a buisnessman and a commentator. He earns a living. He will do what is necessary to leverage his marketability to make the most money.
Since you've gone to college, I'll have to explain it to you: It's called capitalism - look into it...
So tell that to G. Gordon Liddy...
You fail to acknowledge the simple fact that a segment of society that feels not only disenfranchised, but that the system is irrepairable will stoop to whatever means they feel is necessary to make their point. They don't care what other people think - just what they believe in. Discrediting is a non issue.
Welcome to Yugoslavia. The last riots on the tele over there didn't look any different than pictures the BBC showed of Serajevo during the early days of the country's demise.

@_date: 1996-07-24 19:33:37
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Noise: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Your opinion. It's not an argument; it's the way it is.
Again your opinion. Good straw man defense: Apples == Oranges.
Syndication is only profitable for those shows that can make the time slots garnered with the biggest advertisers. Drama wins because it's chewing gum for the mind - just like Clinton's saturday morning broadcast and the subsequent denials issued afterwards. Zero thought television appeals to the masses, ie: Bay Watch != Script.
Talk shows that attempt to stimulate active thought on reasonable premise generally do not survive long in syndication. With Limbaugh's show, it took a double hit as the markets it played to were for the most part late night. BTW, this comes from actually looking it up in past TV Guides - not mindlessly drooling over the radio - so put away the "he's lying" crap.
In addition, Limbaugh, like other TV hosts, has zero control over when the show airs and which episodes get aired. To screw someone in the Nielsons, you place the show in the low rate time bracket to guarantee bottom ratings, and do re-runs. It's doesn't matter how good the show is - it won't fly.
Following the shallow logic of your argument, Limbaugh is not a success because he does not broadcast on TV. That parallels the generally accepted myth (especially in academia) that one is not an expert in the field unless published.
Again, your opinion of the situation. Adverstisers are whores. That's what they get paid to do. IF they think going PC will sell more product, that's what happens. Watch and see the score of all the Clinton's business backing when Hillary is finally indicted.
Right wing, left wing. It's all the same. Pigeon holes for unpopular ideas. The issue I take with this, is the constant spouting of King Bill's pronouncement of why OKC occured in the first place. We don't know WHY it took place - that's what a trial is for (if you actually believe that justice is blind and lawyers tell the truth always). We will NEVER really know - but it's damn fine political fodder to take an unconstitutional swipe at the populous with the anti-terrorist legislation.
If you firmly believe the premise that Fascism was the root cause behind OKC, then you have no choice but to look to the White House and Capital Hill.

@_date: 1996-07-26 08:23:26
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Noise: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Syndicated shows are scheduled by the local broadcasters. They decide when and if to run them. It only makes sense that if you have control over your material but are at the mercy of the broadcaster, that is not a sound business position to remain in.
I noticed you clipped the truism about academia...
Maybe in your book, but your above statement demonstrates that: a) you know very little about how the TV broadcast market works, b) you are confusing the issue of business with political stance, c) that you assume to understand what makes a person financially successful, when infact you have said nothing here to demonstrate such knowledge, and d) your bank account is much smaller than his, otherwise you wouldn't piss and moan about Limbaugh's financial status in the first place.
Maybe in the UK, but in the US there is the little thing called motive. It either helps or hurts one's final outcome in the court system.
Well, that's your take on politcs, and a very narrow view that it is.
Obviously there is more to American Politics than Pat Buchanan, and frankly I would doubt very seriously he had anything to do with Fascism and the US Government. In a former life, he was a reporter and columnist in the press (one of the self-anonted guardians of free speech). He never set policy, just did his journalistic spin on it.
If anything, Buchanan is reminicient of the protectionist days of the 1930's prior to US entry into WWII. Back then Hitler was a European problem that got out of hand quickly. And, if it wasn't for the fact that France and Great Brittain tried to beggar Germany after Kaiser Willhelm surrendered, Hitler and the NAZI's may not have come to power. I would suggest you study your American history more carefully and without the grandstanding and speeches of the revisionists who pass themselves off as educators and political analysts.

@_date: 1996-07-26 17:02:58
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Produce 7 Hertz Frequency 
Well, you can pick up most any project book that deals with 555 IC timers and there is some kind of circuit there dealing with frequency counting or generating. The question really is how strong a signal do you want ?

@_date: 1996-08-18 02:03:46
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Lunch with Bill, anyone? 
Depends. If it's media, then you are correct. If it's technical, then you're not. The biggest complaints about MS I hear come from people that actually know what they are talking about and are damn good at it.
This is why it's called a "Beta" Phill...
As for reliable, there is no such thing... there is only MTBF.

@_date: 1996-08-21 15:29:05
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Taxes on Internet access prediction 
As one who has regularly maintained a home office for many years, there are a couple of points on the above issue that should be made.
First, the stories about increased audits are true. This is one of the "red flag" items on Schedule C that the IRS looks for. If the types and amount of deductions taken for the space utilized evens smells like there is possible overlap with the interest deduction for the mortgage, it gets kicked out for review. This does not mean you get a letter or a phone call, but none the less, the more interest there is in the return the greater the chances for a tango downtown.
Schedule C has been a target for many years(especially since HB 1706) went to law concerning contract employee status vs consulting and the famous 20 point list et al. I had a 3 hour conversation with a regional supervisor of the IRS about this list and the impossiblity of any business (even one the size of IBM) and/or person qualifying as a contractor/consultant on all 20 points. He informed my unoffically that the litmus test centers around a majority of the conditions being satisfied of which one of the important ones is a home office, else a consultant is (for tax purposes) a contract employee and gets raped in both directions. You can't deduct for business expenses because you are technically an employee of the client, plus you have to pay the higher rate of self employment (15.16% or some such non-sense). Fun...
For the plumber that works "offsite" as well as the consultant, the home office is a legitimate deduction so long as they can prove that they set their own schedule and hours, have more than one "client", and generally operate as a "business". This usually means registering the business address at the residence, business license, checks, etc. and setting aside the workspace necessary to accomplish the adminstrative tasks to keep the business running. Taking a picture of the office helps alot, if there are questions about the legitimacy.
As for the closet consultant who looks for a cheap fast deduction, I have zero sympathy if they get caught. If it isn't legitmate, it isn't worth the risk. It will catch up with you. Fascist state or not, these are the rules of the game: Declare everything. Deductions are negotiable.
 > Again the deduction and the risk involved in taking it depends on the situation. If you are investing and/or running the numbers on the market, then there may not be enough there to make it worth your while. I have a client of mine who grosses 7+ figures - net from his commodities, and all he does is take the losses and never expenses anything else. There is no need to, as it's such a small part of his income as to make it ridiculous.

@_date: 1996-08-21 15:34:11
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Don't bother. There is a difference between marketing and sales. Lighten up. Good salesmen are born with the ability - marketing is a bad attempt at appyling engineering principles to the same.
As for spamming, I get enough of it via snail-mail, I don't want to see it in my Inbox too. And, for the record, there are lots of people out there who pay on the bulk charge, not by time. Sending advertising or junk mail to these folks costs them money, maybe not much for the one message you sent, but several thousand over a month of a quarter add up to real money.
There is a time and place for legitimate advertising. I am sure that given time and impetus, a number of clear channel venues will open up to allow precision marketing and sales to happen electronicly. At the moment, it's bad nettiquette...

@_date: 1996-08-22 08:28:47
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
I agree about the technological fixes. When enough people figure out or are shown how to block unwanted messages, the economics of scale disappear real fast. Unfortunately, there will always be a ready supply of the unwitting, and government's reaction is to legislate rather than Practically, it would be better to allow and promote a technological outlet for all of this, as it will never go away, so long as the medium

@_date: 1996-08-23 11:38:28
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Nothing to get over. That's Ross who has the problem with the term.
Web pages are only the *basis* for the outlet. By themselves, yes, they do provide a forum for advertisers, but the page by itself is not very efficient in terms of targeted demographics. That's why people get a wild hair and take matters into their own hands and launch spam in the hopes of finding the customers they thought would come flocking to them in droves.
As the number of Web pages increase dramatically, the chances of getting a "first hit" diminish accordingly. Most people I know have neither the time or patience to wade through up to two hours of web surfing to find something that a few well placed phone calls and 10 minutes turns up said product or service.
The issue is convenience, not technology. The majority of US consumers couldn't give a rat's ass about the Internet or the Web. They want their product or service and they want it now. When the Web becomes more convenient to use than the telephone, then you will see nirvana for Cybershopping. Right now that isn't happening.

@_date: 1996-08-30 17:27:04
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Exploring (RSA (001) 
Don't just assume that the long type is too small. For most compilers this is true, but the long data type (at least as I have seen the definition from ANSI 1991) is twice the base word (INT) length, where the word size is generally defined to be the size of the register length of the CPU in question to which the compiler has been developed for. Intel blurs this distinction by still supporting 8,16,32 and now 64 bit registers in the same CPU, and there are various flavors of the same C compiler that accomodate both 16 and 32 bit word sizes (read INT).
Just for the sake of arugment, an unsigned long in a 64 bit compiler represents integers from 0 to 2^128-1. This is fairly large. However, Fred Gruenburg (a RAND fellow) and some of his cohorts back in 1957 came up with a method of bit ticking that allowed them to calculated astronomically large prime numbers very quickly. It had something to do with a known mathematical progression of primes in the set of integer numbers as X -> 00. If I can find the information, I will post how he did it.
One other method involves using character strings to manipulate large numbers "long hand". This method is fairly slow compared to bit ticking, but it works and was used in some of the old style 8 bit systems I worked on many moons ago. You set up at least 3 long strings and use them as registers for all mathematical operations, plus allow for an overflow flag. This simulates some of the old style decimal machine in their operations.

@_date: 1996-09-01 05:40:27
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: WARNING vIRuS! 
I doubt very seriously that this is anything more than a troll.
First off, the algorythms used to find polymorphics are sophisticated enough to detect newly published viruses.
Secondly, DOS/Windows et al. are not much more than boot sector viruses themselves. :-) Their structure is well know and there isn't any back door available to bang the OS from that hasn't already been exploited.
Real OS's like Unix, OS/2 etc. are also know quantities.
Binary launches are the way they do it, and the way a virus spreads, unless you get caught up with autoexecuting Word and Excel macros.
I have yet to see *any* truly data propogating viruses.
None the less, it is always a good idea to keep a scanner handy for thoses files that wander in off the Net. You never really know what they've been doing and who they've been doing it with. :-)

@_date: 1996-09-01 16:37:50
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: WARNING vIRuS! 
No, I wouldn't consider the fingerd exploit a data propogated virus in the same sense as data embedded in a purely passive activity (viewing an image file) which somehow launches a vicious nasty on your disk. However, you do bring up an interesting point in that example.
Netscape and programs of that ilk, IMO, yield antoher exploitable pathway into a system, should someone figure a method to shove a jam into the doorway to keep the door open long enough to allow a renegade proc to be started and executed outside the control of the local operator.

@_date: 1996-09-02 10:41:29
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: HAZ-MAT virus 
First, the HAZ-MAT is a polymorphic virus. It is not run by any data file (GIF, JPG or otherwise).
Second. I had a private message sentto me from someone who suffered at the hands of this virus and described the effects. From the description it indicates the use of a possible boot or hidden sector residency with low level ATA-3 command capability to zap IDE drives. This is nothing new, or magical. Third. The HAZ-MAT virus has been documented to have been transported via a rogue copy of EudoraPro in zip format, plus one other EXE (non-image This is not spam, just facts...

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:01:40
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Passive Trojan (was:Re: HAZ-MAT virus) 
This has been done in the past using several vairants (but not in a image The key to the success is that the application in question has to be compromised to respond to these codes, either by design or by hacking. Either way the individual responsible must modify the execution mechanism, not just the data itself.
Let's see -current examples of computing items with this kind of a "feature"... magic cookies, macros, OLE, DDE, MS Objects, JAVA, and the list keeps growing.

@_date: 1996-09-03 18:59:29
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Still more mileage from the old grey mare... was: Trojan Horse 
That is one instance where it was obscure and workable. I am not familiar with the UNIX binary map, but in the Intel DOS world (includes Windows to a large degree), the stack generally lies at the top of DSEG, not CSEG  and flows down. Older incarnations of x86 allowed for such wonders as:
and viola, self modifying code by one method. Ugly, but it works. Variations on the same theme exist, now that Intel does not allow direct manipulation of the IP anymore. It's not that difficult to do. Some of the digital audio work I was involved in several years ago required modifying code sequencing on the fly to accomodate time delays and different types of processor performance.
Intel binaries are not difficult to modify directly - especially when they are DOS binaries (note the plethora of viruses in the medium). Even good code can be reworked without having source. One of the tricks is to grab the intial JMP off the binary header and point it down past the bottom of the existing binary towards the code you have added. This way on startup DOS does not truncate the new binary size via Function 31h. Now all you have to do is mudge the read section and look for your trigger before executing the additional code. What I have just described is a very simplistic viral mechanism.
It wouldn't surprise me.
Escape sequence hacking in DOS has been done since the day ANSI.SYS came out to play. IT was a quick and dirty trick to send escape sequence laden files to the unsuspecting and ask them to type them to the screen. Then the fun began.
When you stop and think about it though, any application that functions as a data engine of some type is susecptible at some level to this form of attack. The issue is really which method to employ that will give you ROI.

@_date: 1996-10-03 18:48:39
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Public Schools 
You cant be as dumb as you sound, but I've been wrong before and possibly way off the mark this time. Nothing like small minded liberal throwback philosophy to chew on like cud. It's painfully clear to me you've not hung around in enough financially secure circles long enough to realize that the socially and mentally degenerate which inhabit those realms are just as bad if not worse than the "common man" to whom you dispise.
Natural intellect is never discouraged nor prevented by economics. Book learning perpetuates existing dogma and in some cases stifles critical thinking when it is combined with depostic agendae. Never judge an idiot by the size of his wallet.

@_date: 1996-10-03 19:29:28
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Utah as a Religious Police State 
Ah yes, the Mountain Meadows Massacre. I was wondering when you might trot that little bit of revisionist history out for display. BTW, its your revison of history, not the way it was recorded by many other sources, including first hand accounts by people who had witnessed the whole affair and recorded it in their journals, some of which made it to the National Archives and was researched almost 8 years ago in order to raise a monument to those mem and women who were felled there courtesy of a miscommunication, a late communication and the US Calvary.
You might want to read a *real* historical account of what actually happened before sounding off and leading the rest of us to believe you are a graduate of the Leon Panneta Fact Reporting School of Spin Doctoring.

@_date: 1996-10-09 16:19:51
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
The "evidence" is based upon the belief that such techniques as carbon dating and statistical radio active half life bearing rocks give an accurate measurement of time as we know it. Geologically speaking, we are just pissing in the fan to see which way it blows and calling it good. And, considering the number of text books and egos to be restrung if it was ever conclusively proven wrong would be devastating to say the least to the current crop of scientists.
As someone once said (I believe it was Samuel Clemens), "There are lies, damn lies, and statistics."
Newtonian mechanics is not "wrong", just an obeservation of mechanical behavior at a macro level of abstraction. Newton built on Keppler's work, and Eienstein upon Newton's, each refining the other's observation towards the true nature of matter and it's behavior in this realm.
Eienstein was nothing more than a clever observer, and QED is workable bullshit based upon those operations. Ever wonder why we have fudge factors in our calculations? We don't why they work, they just do. This tells me we ain't home yet.
MIxing too many metaphors. All is see is gray...:-)

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:54:26
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
I suggest you RTFM again. It was a commentary on the sad state of scientific practice as germain to today's egomanical pirannah who inhabit the domain of the "scientist". To publish is to exist, and the first rule is "draw your curves, then plot your points." The second is "Thou shalt not critisize your mentor."
Save the anti-religion rhetoric for someone who gives a damn.

@_date: 1996-10-14 12:59:13
@_author: "Paul S. Penrod" 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] Re: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
No, I don't. I've heard it all before. I'm not interested in what you or anyone else believes from a religious point of view - with regards to this list. That's your business. What I object to is the automatic pigeon holing that takes place the minute someone openly questions the religion of scientific method. Suddenly one's percieved personal beliefs come under negative scrutiny with the presumption that the accusor need not answer to the same - because they are defending truth, honor and the faith. Historically, it used to be called the Inquisition.
Pseudo-scientific? in what regards? Is Geophysics pseudo-scientific? Is geology pseudo-scientific? I've been paid well to persue seismic studies, plus other geological persuits under both categories for several years, so I think I can argue the venue on the merits of accepted operation without having to drag religion into it. Secondly, having some passing familiarity w
ith Alan Olsen's background, I am not aware of any paid or unpaid experience in these fields of expertise.
No thankyou. Take this private if you want to persue it further. Crypto - in an oblique manner, it hints at the blinders scientists can unwittingly place upon themselves in persuit of a goal - especially when that goal involves tenure. Publish or perish. Instituitonal offerings many times can be inferior to private persuits for just that reason alone.
privacy  - this is what's at stake every time you use crypto. Can you trust your tools?
personal freedoms - a broad issue that covers much more than just crypto. How much history do you know? That more than anything else will determine how willing you are to fight for your freedoms, and how fast you will be willing to give them up.
Mormons - nothing.

@_date: 1996-10-23 16:18:39
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: MD5? 
Relax Derek,
Attila hasn't been bitting you in public over this. Patience is not one of his virtues sometimes, but I have never known him to be purposefully rude and pushy, unless invited.
I can understand that a 60K line project from the ground up can be most tedious exercise; sometimes a real mountain to climb. I've done this dance for 17+ years in many venues. However, in terms of volume, you are complaining at someone whose last project was 1 million+ lines of code; most of which he wrote himself. Volume and 90/10 doesn't impress Attila.
Instead of carping at him out of frustration; why not ask him for some help?

@_date: 1996-10-25 18:58:50
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: http://www.clintongore96.com/ is hacked. 
I saw it this morning @  It was still up at 10:30 PST

@_date: 1996-11-05 01:51:50
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: Censorship on cypherpunks 
The house rules part I can agree with. The BYU "code" was a challenging wall to climb. Too many people I knew at the Daily Universe and KBYU had to become masters of the double entante to make a point sometimes. Newsspeak, as Orwell called it.
The code of honor at the campus was based upon good intentions, but it was the literal interpretaition of such writs, plus the extension thereof into areas of speech and press, without case by case consideration that incensed me no end. More than once I found myself on the business of that document because of "concerns" over the material in question. In certain circles, the FRAT still lives on.
Ofcourse Steve Benson and Patrick Bagely have done well since their trial by fire with Dallan Oaks. The zoobies will recognize the former BYU president; the rest of the well read will recognize the politcal cartoonists. As for rules and regulations in general:
Civilized society operates on them as the alogrythm to conduct. For those who choose to hold to a defintion of a higher morale and what they define as civil conduct, then the rules for acceptable conduct reflect that. When a civil standard has to be defined down, or penalties introduced to attempt to insure "compliance", then the battle for that level of societal behavior has been lost or nearly so. To wit: In order to promote a sense of order out of a group of people who have not been taught correct principles, one must wield a big stick and use it often, rather than try and engendure by persuation and example and let them use their free agency to decide that such behavior is in their own best interest. This is not brainwashing.
As for the original point on Vulis:
John Gimore did what he did. Vulis challenged him, and John called his bluff. Having read this list for quite a while now, I've seen alot of crap go back and forth from many people that was just as annoying as what Vulis was doing. They have not been bounced, and I suspect it may have something to do with not poking at the list owner, who it is my understanding, pays money out so the these discussions can even take place.
Treading on the good will of a host is bad form...

@_date: 1996-11-06 13:28:27
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: Censorship on cypherpunks 
You missed the original point. Posting spam is one thing; directly challenging the list owner to stop you from posting is another matter.

@_date: 1996-11-13 01:06:37
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: two bogus messages to this list 
This message is in MIME format.  The first part should be readable text,
  while the remaining parts are likely unreadable without MIME-aware tools.
---- next item ----
More to the point, it is the use of constructs such as state machines to handle event processing that make it easy to compromise code - even without the magic of "hidden" DLL's or trap calls.
The Wintel PC is a virtual treasure trove of opportunity to compromise; starting with the BIOS, Boot sector, interrupt handlers and winding up with trojan horse applications and colorful file system viruses such as Windows. Unfortunately, UNIX on Intel is not immune to low level compromises either.
---- next item ----
Content-ID: ---- next item ------

@_date: 1996-11-28 01:07:31
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
The above is a catchall I have heard too many times in trying to justify a minimum wage. What most people fail to remember is that it is not whether or not a person is worthy of the wage, but more to the point what someone is willing to pay for their time to exercise a skill set they have developed.
Those who understand this simple principle and are willing to work to be successful, by whatever defintion of success they apply, will ultimately achieve their goal.

@_date: 1996-12-06 18:34:24
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: Decline of Science ?? (Was: Stinger Specs) 
I disagree. The parochial schools (at least in Oregon) are also showing declining test scores. As a parent I make it a habit to look through the text books to see what they are teaching - and as expected, the Revisionists have not only rewritten and deleted much of the relavent American and World history, but have watered down the math and science to the point or ludicracy in some cases. Let's face it, when Bill Nye the Science Guy is the most popular and the *most informative* science educational show on the mass media tube - we've got more than a little problem (For the Bill Nye fans - yes I do enjoy watching the show with my younger kids).
As a second oberservation, much of the yuppie/hippie generations dont seem to give a damn about what their kids are taught - but more that the grades are good and they qualify for the "right" schools. Many of these schools (college's) are finding that they have to teach the rudiments before moving onto what they would have taught first year had the kids come properly educated in the first place.
Having lived in a number of school districts (some better than others), the problem of parental non-participation and NEA interference is endemic at those institutions where my children have attended. I have even taken on teachers and adminstrators over the issues of lack of home work, why my children have *not* read literature such as Shakespeare, why they are not learning about the Founding Father's, why Columbus is considered politically incorrect, why they are not requiring Algebra prior to the Senior year in High School, why my children must be subject to "sensitivity training" as *part* of the curriculum, and the list goes on.
The US spends more money per child each year, but the level of education and necessary skill drilling keeps declining, being replaced by courses in sex education, diversity training, etc. - creating a class of state indoctrinated, functionally illiterate, non-competative individuals that think the goverment is mom and pop. As for the best and the brightest, they will only succeed if the parents take responsibility for managing their kid's education. I know Attila's kids personally, and just about any one of them is intellectually capable and educated enough to mop the floor with a majority of posters I have seen on this list. Why? Because he has spent years fostering their inquisitive nature and getting them to push themselves along - outside of and at the expense of the teachers' and administrators' sanity.
Interesting point. More to the point, where is the innovation in the field coming from? Europe ? Asia? US? elsewhere?
I will agree with you here. It has been said to me many times by Buisness types and Scientists that the days of the Generalist have long since died. One must specialize in order to survive. While there may be a certain amount of truth to that - it is a short sighted and disasterous claim at best, as it precludes the visonaries who understand the big picture and can collect, organize, and execute designs the push us forward with useful innovations.
Every generation has their "rebellious" stage designe to piss off the "establishment". What I find amusing is that liberal parents are horrified when their kids, cut their hair, take an interest in education, economics and politics, and turn conservative as a result. :-)

@_date: 1996-12-06 18:43:05
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: The Science Generations 
DEC PDP 11's - spaghetti code extrordinaire! :-) I reall don't miss those old beasts, but they did provide the means to learn quite a bit about how a computer (of the day) really functions. It's too bad that kids today haven't been subjected to the experience - we might start seeing a better appreciation for coding, as well as some innovation outside of the "objectivfying" development that is bloating many a Wintel hard drive.

@_date: 1996-12-08 00:37:21
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
I disagree.
If people want a rating system, then they should voluntarily do it, not have it shoved down their throats "for their own good".
Your examples are bogus in the light of what PICS is and what TCP/IP is. One is a transport layer, the other a label for flagging. While both can control the flow of information, there is a big difference between the political behavior of the two as seen by the great unwashed who fain to rule over us.
TCP/IP to them means nothing becuase they do not understand it's relation to content. However, they do understand PICS as it's whole existence is to delineat and ultimately control content. They pushed the development of PICS and it's ilk for the express purpose of *control*. TCP/IP was developed for the express purposed of common ground for dissemination.
I would suggest you rethink the position. I'll give you a better example of why PICS *wont* work despite the Clintonista's claim of caring for You remember Playboy. That magazine was a right of passage for many a 12 or 13 year old boy who could get his hands on it. Could they buy it? No, that was against the law. So where did they get it? Dad, ofcourse. His subscription came every month, and "johnny" had no trouble finding it once Dad hid it. Or, it came by way of "johnny's" big brother's room; or a friend with the same circumstances at his home. Regardless of the smut laws on the books, regardless of how zealous the local constable was in rooting out the evils of pornography, you could find the magazine and pre-teens willing to look in many places.
Did the government ban Playboy? No.. So why do you think they are all fired up about banning smut on the Internet (which BTW is international in scope) ? I'll tell you why... control, plain and simple control of Let's go back to one small piece of the CDA: the phrase "patently offensive". Now, I have yet to see a *consistent* legal defintion of obscene, much less "patently offensive".
Now, let's suppose that someone publishes a piece that says to the effect "I think that Clinton is a complete idiot because of policies 'X', 'Y', and 'Z'" and critiques them verbalizing reasons why these policies are a failure. What's to stop her majesty and Bill from saying "We are patently offended by this material"? Nothing. Nothing now. But, if the CDA is enforced, then it is not unreasonable to forsee another shade of grey come into being by making it a jailable offense to openly critisize the government's mandated policies as it goes to (Clinton's favorite euphemism) "National Security and the reputation of the United States amongst it's peers". (Not that we enjoy any peerage these days).
Any legal manuevering that restricts legitimate critism of the federal goverment's policies, actions, or positions diminshes the effectiveness of the First Amendment. If our elected officials can not be publicly chastized and shamed into enacting good policy or dispensing the will of the people, then we have a Republic in name only.
That is why the Consitutuion starts with "We the People of the United States..." not "We the Government of the United States..." That is why the First Amendment is about free speech and the Second Amendment concerns the right to bear arms. The Founding Fathers believed in the people's ability to "adjust" government when government became like George III.
On the surface, PICS seems harmless to the average person. It's the hue and cry "ofcourse we should protect our children!" From what? Themselves? Other people? Good Information? Bad Information? (choice your poison). More to the point, it is people wanting to alleveat their responsibility as parents from dealing with their children. They are willing to give up a portion of their free agency to try and avoid parenting and the government is only too eager to help.
One question: can you really legislate morality and make it stick?

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:29:44
@_author: furballs 
@_subject: Re: it aint REALLY successful until someone loses his temper <g> 
Well, I see that you could'nt leave well enough alone... :-)
Since Snow decided to jump into your face on this one, I might as well
throw my $0.02 on the table as well. Funny how my trashcan stays very empty
these days now that cypherpunks is in my bit bucket...
Frankly, it does not surprise me that homosexuality is yet another
pointless off-topic to be discussed on the list.
My comments appear below in Snow's exchange...
Everyone's entitled to an opinion. By stating the above, what he accuses
you of, he is just as guilty of in reverse. Frankly, having grown up in a
red neck crowd, and then coming to grips with the offbeat communities in
So. Cal. was a real eye opener. One can choose to fight it outloud and
create havoc whereever they go, or realize that what others do in the
privacy of their own domain is their business and doesn't affect your
manhood one way or another. This politically correct bullshit response is just symptomatic of someone
who is uncomfortable with the position taken for expediency's sake and is
trying to justify to himself the course taken.
definately Ok, we throw down the gauntlet here in true USENET style, and in keeping
with that, have nothing of value to say (just name calling).
He does bring up a point, which does in some ways support your poistion here.
Not true. Aids has been here for many years. They have historically traced
it back to Africa where they have records delineating the disease amongst
the Eurpoeans and those not indiginous to the area. Interesting that the
WHO and other medical groups are studying tribes in Zaire and Congo right
now that have a natural immunity to the bug. Considering they have lived in
the areas for countless years, it would make sense that natural genetic
selection would propogate those who would be resistent and live long enough
to have children. Also of interest, is the fact that the living population
under study does not practice homosexual behavoir, as it is by virtue of
the practice, pointless to the continuance of the tribe.
As to the "discovery" of AIDS in the gay population in the US. There was no
discovery, as it was a health problem that started spinning out of control
within the community. Ofcourse the Murdock press loved the setup as it
introduced the proper shock value needed to sell subscriptions - much like
the macabre sense of curiosity at viewing a terrible auto accident. Human
nature... it never changes.
Now Snow is dictating his view of God onto yours. Bad form. No justifiable
position to defend. but we do it with vim and vigor... :-)
Someone ought to teach him about the difference between agency and
responsibility - nah, he'd use his agency to deny it anyay... :-)
choice? These two points deny the existence of agency in it's basic form, and deny
God by denying his omniscience, and omnipoitence; two basic characteristics
of the office. If God were fallable, or human (fallable), then logic would
dictate a being of higher plane and that our explict trust in him would be
subject to condition, thus invalidating the purpose and scope of religion
from a immutable definite to a maybe.
Again, a position impossible to defend. Purely opinion.
Donald Woomer answered that question, by pointing out that in the Ag
business, it has been observed that ~10% of livestock of many breeds
exhibit homosexual tendencies. It doesn't matter the sex of the animal,
it's genes do not get passed on to the next generation as it refuses to
propogate with the opposite sex in many instances. This does not mean the
livestock population is threatened in toto. Infact, the population will
continue to thrive. It is when a large percentage of a given herd shows
this tendency that the herd declines, dissolves or is taken over by a
healthy herd to promulgate the species. The instict for self-preservation
is strong, and it is falacious to assume that we has humans can attribute
human attributes to such as cattle or sheep.
Given the the above claim by Snow, does this mean that man kind is nothing
more than livestock? Again, this denies agency and denies the greater
intellect that humans enjoy. To wit: when was the last time you saw a cow
expressing a global concern about politics on USENET? :-)
Who's the ignorant one here? The name caller or the recipient. My vote goes
to the name caller, as he assumes this to be a debate of fact, when in
essence he's expressed only his opinion on the matter and not bothered to
show teacher his homework (the dog ate it - so give me an "A" anyway 'cause
I deserve it). ;->
