
@_date: 1996-12-12 02:42:56
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Dec Mtg / upDate + TEXT-only version 
Hey.. is there any CoderPunks Meetings somewhere in russia?
-X----- Fyodor --- fygrave --------------------------X--
  "With heart and hand I pledge you while I load my gun again, you will
   never be fogotten or the enemy forgiven, my good comrade..."
                                               - Anton Szandor LaVay
             pgp is awaliable from pgp-key-servers :
pub  2048/3D22AF59 1980/03/24 Fyodor Yarochkin    Key fingerprint = 1F 38 55 07 98 F9 42 7D  57 73 74 FA 9C 5B 29 FB
"As Above, So Below.
The Macrocosm, the Microcosm.
The Entire Universe is Contained
In The Human Creature"
        To The Fallen Angels

@_date: 1996-12-12 03:11:11
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hey.. is there any CoderPunks Meetings somewhere in russia?
-X----- Fyodor --- fygrave --------------------------X--
  "With heart and hand I pledge you while I load my gun again, you will
   never be fogotten or the enemy forgiven, my good comrade..."
                                               - Anton Szandor LaVay
             pgp is awaliable from pgp-key-servers :
pub  2048/3D22AF59 1980/03/24 Fyodor Yarochkin    Key fingerprint = 1F 38 55 07 98 F9 42 7D  57 73 74 FA 9C 5B 29 FB
"As Above, So Below.
The Macrocosm, the Microcosm.
The Entire Universe is Contained
In The Human Creature"
        To The Fallen Angels

@_date: 1996-12-27 00:11:17
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: UNIX talk and write source... 
yes.. I met the same problem.. Itried to find out where is passwd and login sources.. and as CD mark says, all the sources i could find on the cd..
 but suddenly i didn't..:(
 any advices?

@_date: 1996-12-27 00:21:37
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: Error Condition Re: Invalid request 
what  the f$%^ shit.. I can not get?.. did some Crazy Idiot subscirbed
cypherpunks to those Sport-Crappy lists?
 today morning i found a handred of stupid sport related ml..
 anyone can explain me wuzzup?
Thank you for your attention,...

@_date: 1996-12-27 04:19:05
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: The Fast to Encrypt Decrypt.... 
By the way anyone can advice me the Encryption/Decryption Algorythm, which
 would give chip. text with different size, related to solt value or
 something..  i mean some function like size_of_Encrypted_file=H(solt)?
PS: better if it 'd be reversed algorythm..

@_date: 1996-12-27 20:47:21
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: Mark Mage is a Thief 
IRS? Wazzzat?
re you sure>?:)
-X----- Fyodor --- fygrave --------------------------X--

@_date: 1996-12-27 21:06:23
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: Mark Mage is a Thief 
agreed... and even more some persons, whom FuckBI doesn't like, are nice ones.. *g*

@_date: 1996-12-27 21:23:41
@_author: Fyodor Yarochkin 
@_subject: Re: Fyodor / Re: SPAM from plaidworks.com 
terrorist.. how cool;)))))))))))))))))))))).. anyone wanna teach me this?:)

@_date: 1998-03-25 20:52:07
@_author: Fyodor 
@_subject: Thought you'd like this alot (fwd) 
Heh... Wanna hear the C++ creator thoughts regarding the malevolent
creation, he made?:-)
[snip snip]
On the 1st of January, 1998, Bjarne Stroustrup gave an interview
to the IEEE's 'Computer' magazine.
Naturally, the editors thought he would be giving a retrospective
view of seven years of object-oriented design, using the language
he created.
By the end of the interview, the interviewer got more than he had
bargained for and, subsequently, the editor decided to suppress
its contents, 'for the good of the industry' but, as with many of
these things, there was a leak.
Here is a complete transcript of what was said, unedited, and
unrehearsed, so it isn't as neat as planned interviews.
You will find it interesting...
Interviewer:  Well, it's been a few years since you changed the
world of software design, how does it feel, looking back?
Stroustrup:  Actually, I was thinking about those days, just
before you arrived. Do you remember?  Everyone was writing 'C'
and, the trouble was, they were pretty damn good at it.
were turning out competent - I stress the word 'competent'
graduates at a phenomenal rate. That's what caused the problem.
Interviewer:  Problem?
Stroustrup:  Yes, problem. Remember when everyone wrote Cobol?
Interviewer:  Of course, I did too
Stroustrup:  Well, in the beginning, these guys were like
demi-gods. Their salaries were high, and they were treated like
Interviewer:  Those were the days, eh?
Stroustrup:  Right. So what happened?  IBM got sick of it, and
invested millions in training programmers, till they were a dime
a dozen.
Interviewer:  That's why I got out. Salaries dropped within a
year, to the point where being a journalist actually paid
Stroustrup:  Exactly. Well, the same happened with 'C' programmers.
Interviewer:  I see, but what's the point?
Stroustrup:  Well, one day, when I was sitting in my office, I
thought of this little scheme, which would redress the
balance a little. I thought 'I wonder what would happen, if
there were a language so complicated, so difficult to learn,
that nobody would ever be able to swamp the market with
programmers?  Actually, I got some of the ideas from X10,
you know, X windows. That was such a bitch of a graphics
system, that it only just ran on those Sun 3/60 things.
They had all the ingredients for what I wanted. A really
ridiculously complex syntax, obscure functions, and
pseudo-OO structure. Even now, nobody writes raw X-windows
code. Motif is the only way to go if you want to retain
your sanity.
Interviewer:  You're kidding...?
Stroustrup:  Not a bit of it. In fact, there was another problem.
Unix was written in 'C', which meant that any 'C' programmer
could very easily become a systems programmer. Remember
what a mainframe systems programmer used to earn?
Interviewer:  You bet I do, that's what I used to do.
Stroustrup:  OK, so this new language had to divorce itself from
Unix, by hiding all the system calls that bound the two
together so nicely. This would enable guys who only knew
about DOS to earn a decent living too.
Interviewer:  I don't believe you said that...
Stroustrup:  Well, it's been long enough, now, and I believe most
people have figured out for themselves that C++ is a waste
of time but, I must say, it's taken them a lot longer than I
thought it would.
Interviewer:  So how exactly did you do it?
Stroustrup:  It was only supposed to be a joke, I never thought
people would take the book seriously. Anyone with half a
brain can see that object-oriented programming is
counter-intuitive, illogical and inefficient.
Interviewer:  What?
Stroustrup:  And as for 're-useable code' - when did you ever hear
of a company re-using its code?
Interviewer:  Well, never, actually, but...
Stroustrup:  There you are then. Mind you, a few tried, in the
early days. There was this Oregon company - Mentor
Graphics, I think they were called - really caught a cold
trying to rewrite everything in C++ in about '90 or '91. I
felt sorry for them really, but I thought people would
learn from their mistakes.
Interviewer:  Obviously, they didn't?
Stroustrup:  Not in the slightest. Trouble is, most companies
hush-up all their major blunders, and explaining a $30
million loss to the shareholders would have been
difficult. Give them their due, though, they made it work in the end.
Interviewer:  They did?  Well, there you are then, it proves O-O
Stroustrup:  Well, almost. The executable was so huge, it took
five minutes to load, on an HP workstation, with 128MB of
RAM. Then it ran like treacle. Actually, I thought this
would be a major stumbling-block, and I'd get found out
within a week, but nobody cared. Sun and HP were only too
glad to sell enormously powerful boxes, with huge resources
just to run trivial programs. You know, when we had our
first C++ compiler, at AT&T, I compiled 'Hello World', and
couldn't believe the size of the executable. 2.1MB
Interviewer:  What?  Well, compilers have come a long way, since
Stroustrup:  They have?  Try it on the latest version of g++ - you
won't get much change out of half a megabyte. Also, there
are several quite recent examples for you, from all over the
world. British Telecom had a major disaster on their hands
but, luckily, managed to scrap the whole thing and start
again. They were luckier than Australian Telecom. Now I
hear that Siemens is building a dinosaur, and getting more
and more worried as the size of the hardware gets bigger, to
accommodate the executables. Isn't multiple inheritance a joy?
Interviewer:  Yes, but C++ is basically a sound language.
Stroustrup:  You really believe that, don't you?  Have you ever sat
down and worked on a C++ project?  Here's what happens:
First, I've put in enough pitfalls to make sure that only
the most trivial projects will work first time. Take
operator overloading. At the end of the project, almost
every module has it, usually, because guys feel they really
should do it, as it was in their training course. The same
operator then means something totally different in every
module. Try pulling that lot together, when you have a
hundred or so modules. And as for data hiding. God, I
sometimes can't help laughing when I hear about the problems
companies have making their modules talk to each other. I
think the word 'synergistic' was specially invented to twist
the knife in a project manager's ribs.
Interviewer:  I have to say, I'm beginning to be quite appalled at
all this. You say you did it to raise programmers' salaries?
That's obscene.
Stroustrup:  Not really. Everyone has a choice. I didn't expect
the thing to get so much out of hand. Anyway, I basically
succeeded. C++ is dying off now, but programmers still get
high salaries - especially those poor devils who have to
maintain all this crap. You do realize, it's impossible to
maintain a large C++ software module if you didn't actually
write it?
Interviewer:  How come?
Stroustrup:  You are out of touch, aren't you?  Remember the
Interviewer:  Yes, of course.
Stroustrup:  Remember how long it took to grope through the header
files only to find that 'RoofRaised' was a double precision
number?  Well, imagine how long it takes to find all the
implicit typedefs in all the Classes in a major project.
Interviewer:  So how do you reckon you've succeeded?
Stroustrup:  Remember the length of the average-sized 'C' project?
About 6 months. Not nearly long enough for a guy with a
wife and kids to earn enough to have a decent standard of
living. Take the same project, design it in C++ and what do
you get?  I'll tell you. One to two years. Isn't that
great?  All that job security, just through one mistake of
judgement. And another thing. The universities haven't
been teaching 'C' for such a long time, there's now a
shortage of decent 'C' programmers. Especially those who
know anything about Unix systems programming. How many guys
would know what to do with 'malloc', when they've used 'new'
all these years - and never bothered to check the return
code. In fact, most C++ programmers throw away their return
codes. Whatever happened to good ol' '-1'?  At least you
knew you had an error, without bogging the thing down in all
that 'throw' 'catch' 'try' stuff.
Interviewer:  But, surely, inheritance does save a lot of time?
Stroustrup:  Does it?  Have you ever noticed the difference
between a 'C' project plan, and a C++ project plan?  The planning
stage for a C++ project is three times as long. Precisely
to make sure that everything which should be inherited is,
and what shouldn't isn't. Then, they still get it wrong.
Whoever heard of memory leaks in a 'C' program?  Now
finding them is a major industry. Most companies give up, and send
the product out, knowing it leaks like a sieve, simply to
avoid the expense of tracking them all down.
Interviewer:  There are tools...
Stroustrup:  Most of which were written in C++.
Interviewer:  If we publish this, you'll probably get lynched, you
do realize that?
Stroustrup:  I doubt it. As I said, C++ is way past its peak now,
and no company in its right mind would start a C++ project
without a pilot trial. That should convince them that it's
the road to disaster. If not, they deserve all they get.
You know, I tried to convince Dennis Ritchie to rewrite Unix in
Interviewer:  Oh my God. What did he say?
Stroustrup:  Well, luckily, he has a good sense of humor. I think
both he and Brian figured out what I was doing, in the early
days, but never let on. He said he'd help me write a C++
version of DOS, if I was interested.
Interviewer:  Were you?
Stroustrup:  Actually, I did write DOS in C++, I'll give you a
demo when we're through. I have it running on a Sparc 20 in the
computer room. Goes like a rocket on 4 CPU's, and only
takes up 70 megs of disk.
Interviewer:  What's it like on a PC?
Stroustrup:  Now you're kidding. Haven't you ever seen Windows
'95? I think of that as my biggest success. Nearly blew the
game before I was ready, though.
Interviewer:  You know, that idea of a Unix++ has really got me
thinking. Somewhere out there, there's a guy going to try it.
Stroustrup:  Not after they read this interview..
Interviewer:  I'm sorry, but I don't see us being able to publish
any of this.
Stroustrup:  But it's the story of the century. I only want to be
remembered by my fellow programmers, for what I've done
for them. You know how much a C++ guy can get these days?
Interviewer:  Last I heard, a really top guy is worth $70 - $80 an
Stroustrup:  See?  And I bet he earns it. Keeping track of all the
gotchas I put into C++ is no easy job. And, as I said
before, every C++ programmer feels bound by some mystic
promise to use every damn element of the language on every
project. Actually, that really annoys me sometimes, even
though it serves my original purpose. I almost like the
language after all this time.
Interviewer:  You mean you didn't before?
Stroustrup:  Hated it. It even looks clumsy, don't you agree?  But
when the book royalties started to come in... well, you get the picture.
Interviewer:  Just a minute. What about references?  You must
admit, you improved on 'C' pointers.
Stroustrup:  Hmm. I've always wondered about that. Originally, I
thought I had. Then, one day I was discussing this with a
guy who'd written C++ from the beginning. He said he could
never remember whether his variables were referenced or
dereferenced, so he always used pointers. He said the
little asterisk always reminded him.
Interviewer:  Well, at this point, I usually say 'thank you very
much' but it hardly seems adequate.
Stroustrup:  Promise me you'll publish this. My conscience is
getting the better of me these days.
Interviewer:  I'll let you know, but I think I know what my editor
will say.
Stroustrup:  Who'd believe it anyway?  Although, can you send me a
copy of that tape?
Interviewer:  I can do that.

@_date: 1998-08-05 22:10:51
@_author: CyberPsychotic 
@_subject: text analysis 
Hello folks,
 I have abit practical question, since I know this list is partly devoted
to cryptography matters, I guess this is the right place to ask:
 So I was playing with some crypto-analysis algorythms, and some steps of
them involve such thing as finding out the frequency of some character or
set of characters. So I wonder what would be the optimal (speed, resources
etc)way of coding this. While playing with single character frequency, I
guess the best way would be having unsigned int 256 elements array (I
refer to C coding) and each time, I find certain character, i just
increase the element of the array with this char offset. This seems very
neat to me (except the thing that some chars could be never found in
text). Anyways, when things come to 2 characters set, i have to get 1024
character set, and so on, which looks quite unreasonable to me to allocate
memory for elements, which probably will be never found in text... I was
thinking of other solution and came to two way connected lists (correct
term?)  things, i.e. : i have some structure like: struct element {
char value[ELEMENT_LENGTH];
unsigned int frequency;
struct element *previous;
struct element *next;
 and could dinamically allocate memory for each new found element, but
this would slow down whole code by the time list of new elements grow up.
(b/c i will have to look thro.. whole list in order to find whether such
element has already been found or not),  so I wonder maybe there another
neat way to complete tasks like this? I would appreciate any ideas, hints,
code examples. (would be very helpful having a look on some code
performing such a task, I surfed the web but didn't find many)...
 Thanks beforehands,
 Fyodor

@_date: 1998-08-09 03:29:30
@_author: CyberPsychotic 
@_subject: Re: text analysis 
yeah. So far I played with it, I found out that allocating arrays in
memory as N-dimentional matrix seem to be the best solution. The rest of
things seem to be pathetically slow. I generally do all my coding under
Linux so there's no problem with memory limits. Thanks again for all help.
Fyodor Yarochkin	tel:[996-3312] 474465		email:fygrave
		    X-Noizz echo 'subscribe kalug' | mail majordomo  :  join Kyrgyztani L.U.G.
- "Only Schizophrenia beats being alone." -
