
@_date: 1994-12-12 17:18:45
@_author: Richard Martin ( frodo  
@_subject: Re: Hal Finney & Bob Rae and Ontario's Parliament 
Probably not. In my reply to a query about it, I recommended the
use of Viacrypt, mainly because of legal concerns, and partly because
of the prospects of printed documentation (I like manuals I can burn
when I'm done with them), user support, and so on. (Bluntly, I'm
currently having to drop all the way out to DOS to sign things
right now, and I don't think the Premier's office would be too wild
about such a prospect. They're probably all Windows people, so they'll
run the Windows version, if they use it at all.
   Bob Rae is the premier of Ontario, not the prime minister (though
in French, he would be "le premier ministre" of Ontario). Oh. What
is cypherpunks thought on having two Rae keys? Many business people
have photocopied signatures (or digitized) for relatively unimportant
mailings... Can a key be shared among the premier and his confidential
secretary, say, with another for legal matters and a third for private
Mea culpa. I was thrown by the US government's free use of it (I think
they get that, don't they?). On a silly note, my government is not
currently making money, and could hardly be classified as being in
business. ;)

@_date: 1995-02-09 16:23:46
@_author: Richard Martin ( frodo  
@_subject: S.314 on Web 
The text of S.314 (the pi bill, as Doug pointed out to me earlier
today -- why I didn't realise earlier...) is available at
with a rapidly hypertextified version of Slowdog's text on what
the bill will do to American law at
   If there are errors or omissions, please tell me. If the URLs
are wrong, the failsafe is my homepage,
which has links to both. (Really. They're there. There's some
bumf about me. But the links are there.)
This may be useful to some. I find it handier to have it there
than in an odd text file lying around here.
frodo =)
Richard Martin    ChemPhysCompSci 9T7+PEY = 9T8   g4frodo
Trinity College University of Toronto SVW92 martinrd
My opinions, when not poached. (or fried) frodo
