
@_date: 1998-08-26 18:55:43
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Registration confirmation - Yahoo! Games 
Welcome to Yahoo!
Please save this message for future reference.
This confirmation message is sent to all users when they create a new account with Yahoo. During registration
we require users to enter their email address.
This confirmation notice is then sent to that address.
If you DID NOT request this account, we encourage you to REMOVE it by doing the following:
If your email software supports it, you can simply click on the link below. Since this web address (URL) is quite long you may find it necessary to copy the entire URL and paste it into your Web browser.
If you are prompted for the deletion key when using the
URL above, please use the following deletion key:
Or, if you do not have internet access, please reply to this email (and make sure to copy this entire email in your reply) with REMOVE as the subject line.
Your Yahoo ID is: cypherpnk
You can return to Yahoo! Games by going to
                Your Yahoo! ID may be used to access any of the Yahoo! services
that request a Yahoo! ID, such as:
My Yahoo - Yahoo Calendar - Yahoo Chat - Yahoo Classifieds - Yahoo Clubs - Yahoo Finance - Yahoo Games - Yahoo Mail - Yahoo Message Boards - Yahoo Pager - Yahoo Travel - Your e-mail is: cypherpunks
We will use this address is case you ever forget your Yahoo ID or password. We'll need an address to automatically send a response to you.  To change this address, go to  and click on the Account Information
link at the top of the page.  The edit page will let you update your E-Mail address, and other personal information and preferences.
Yahoo! Accounts - Top Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
Q. How much is all this going to cost me?
A. Absolutely nothing. All Yahoo! information is paid for through advertising. Q. What if I forget my Yahoo! ID or password
A. Just click on the Help is Here link at the bottom of the login page. We'll ask you some basic questions to confirm your identity, then send you the information to the email address listed in your account.
Q.  How do I change my password or Yahoo! ID?
If you would like to change your Yahoo Password in My Yahoo!, just click Acct Info at the top of the page.  Unfortunately, we do not have the ability to change your Yahoo! ID. You will have to create a new account if you wish to have a new Yahoo! ID. Please note that if you do re-register, you will need to re-set all of your preferences for your My Yahoo! and other Yahoo!
personalized services.
Q. What is an Alias?
A.  Under your Yahoo! ID, you may add additional names for use in our various services, such as Chat and Classifieds.
Q. How is the Yahoo! ID stored?
A. Your Yahoo! ID is stored as a cookie on your computer.  This way, you only need to login once. If you upgrade your computer software, change computers, delete your internet files, or click Sign Out at any time, it will clear the cookie from the computer's hard drive.  Just return to the
login page and enter your Yahoo! ID and Yahoo Password in the spaces provided and click Sign In to restore the information.  You do not need to register again. Q. I use a public terminal, how do I sign out?
A. If you are using a public computer, you should always sign out to clear your Yahoo! ID and cookie from the computer's hard drive. Just click the Sign Out button or link near the top of the main page.
Thank you for using Yahoo!
