
@_date: 1997-08-10 20:21:54
@_author: Gary Howland 
@_subject: Re: pgp -c undetectable change to ciphertext? (was Re: Hipped on PGP) [SYSTEMICS] 
It's not just unconventionally encrypted files - any encrypted file
that is unsigned can be modified without detection.  I brought this
to everyones attention because far too many people assume that encryption
provides integrity.
Yes, this is part of the point I was making.
Of course it is easier to modify uncompressed files, but even compressed
files can be tampered with - it's just an awful lot harder.
In addition to turning files to garbage, I was pointing out that files can
be truncated.  This could be very serious, if, say, you removed the second
of a pair of financial transactions, or perhaps removed the last line of
a security program, eg. if the last line of a script is "chmod -w filename"
and you can remove this line, then you may be in trouble.
As well as trashing files, and truncating them, it is also important
to remember that the last 8 bytes can be modified without detection
if the plaintext is known.  This could be very serious.  Think of
the damage that could be done in 8 bytes ( "rm -rf /").
I agree that these attacks are very unlikely to occur, but I just wanted
to bring it to everyone's attention.
If the plaintext is known, I could come up with a change to the last 8 bytes
that would be valid (well, perhaps not - I don't know ZIP compression
too well).

@_date: 1997-09-14 07:33:37
@_author: Gary Howland 
@_subject: Re: Real issue of crypto controls: security or taxation loss? 
They want to read your mail.  They would like to read your mind too.
I disagree.  I think they want to read your mail.  I don't believe they are scared of "digital bearer bonds" etc., although I do believe that this is the most hyped issue on these mailing lists ...
Because the financial aspects are hyped way out of proportion on these mailing lists?
Also, you will find that the govt does *not* want to ban financial crypto
- it only wants to ban encryption - so how can you argue that they are panicking because of the financial aspect of crypto?  You can't.  They panic because they can't read your mail.

@_date: 1997-11-06 07:17:55
@_author: Gary Howland 
@_subject: SSL Browser info 
You may be interested to know that I've set up a web page at
which displays the SSL version and cipher types of your browser.
