
@_date: 1995-07-13 14:25:50
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Re: laws.... 
fuckin' door and some goon's gonna go, do you have a floppy disk in here?

@_date: 1995-07-13 14:35:38
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Mr. Newbie... 
to learn the background and basics in a step-by-step easy to understnad way? Duh... I think I wanna know...

@_date: 1995-07-14 14:01:14
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Free The World Web Server project.. :) 
15:57 EST
July 14th, 1995
New Haven, CT. Walker, with whom I live.
will be automatically sent to every senator, congressperson, elected and appointed federal official. If we run into trouble, we can scale it down, narrow the various target areas...
wants to resend it, they could do so at the click of the mouse.
greeted by the message, "Welcome, enter your message for Federal officials in the box provided, then hit the submit button." click on any of the ones you see below." do the same.
officials, send message to freetheworld From there it gets spooled everywhere. What do you think? I could probably do it somehow, but someone with access to better resources and knowledge of cgi-bin might be better for the job. If anyone is interested in this project, let me know...

@_date: 1995-07-19 14:51:12
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Investigate Your Federal Building :) 
Had problems with the original transmission...
21:22 EST
July 17th, 1995
New Haven, CT
Day One, Investigation Begins.
before have I gone to the FBI to ask for information.
post-it note. That's all she could give me.
wondering exactly what I was doing, but I feel better this evening. Just going down to the Federal Building and poking around asking questions has not gotten me killed, and I don't think it will. Check.
Federal Building here in New Haven to begin a local investigation of Federal Events.
beard couldn't be controlled, will not cut) and started walking, stopping off at Kinko's Copies to make a free local phone call to one of my partners and grab some note paper for the session. Then on across the green towards the courthouse, town hall and on Orange Street, the Robert N. Giaimo (sp) Federal Building.
always a rather non-descript affair. But now I was looking for something, and though I didn't find what I was looking for, I did find out a lot. Alot of it was disturbing, alot of it was funny, and alot of it was encouraging, especially the print of the original Declaration and Constitution/Bill of Rights, as well as the posted Code of Ethics for Government Service, Public Law 96-303, passed unanimously in Congress on June 27, 1980, signed by the President (Carter?) on July 3, 1980:
and to country above loyalty to persons, party or Government department." in the United States of America?
Article 11:"Uphold the Constitution, laws and regulations of the United States and all governments therein and never be a party to their evasion."
don't know about all the other laws and regulations...I'm not sure everything signed since 1776 passes my muster. You?
previously, I wasn't ready for what I encountered this time, as it had never before been present: heavy security presence. No secret service types, just rent-a-cops with a metal detector and baggage x-ray device. But they were bustling, somewhat loud, and definitely a presence.
generate because of meditation and honest emotional presence is enough to kick the metal detectors, but I thought if I took my belt off, I could get through. No such luck, and when I took my belt off, my pants, which were bought for my bigger brother, started to fall off. I don't wear underwear either, so I ended up walking through security holding my breeches up by hand. I thought, mmm the joy of security...of course, it was *my* costume (cover) that was falling apart, but I got back together without real embarassment.
checked the directory. Yup, there it was, FBI, fifth floor, right underneath the penthouse cafe. BATF on the second floor, IRS third. Department of Protective Service (SS) first floor, though I saw no evidence of their lair or personnel. Bill Clinton and Al Gore on the wall, of course...Recycling bins for paper, cans, bottles and something else, perhaps newpapers. Nice touch I thought, it would be nice to see more of those.
$100,000 to $250,000 rewards offered to informers leading to convictors of international terrorists - mostly airplane and boat hijackers.
The Code of Ethics for Government Service as mentioned above.
Help for choking victims...
(At this time, I was rushed by the closing of the computer center. The facts are flear though...)
numbers in elevator, 5 already lit. A real live FBI agent and I in the elevator together, wow. Day already made, still only ten o'clock or so. Get off 5th floor. Man goes one way, I go another, meet another real live FBI guy,
with a pock-marked face. Hmm, definitely FBI. magazines, American Flag with gold tassels in corner, photos of Agents, woman behind the counter:
and Internet newsgroups, and I'd like to know if you can confirm whether
or not someone worked for the FBI..."
contingent, at least seven agents in back room, including the one I saw on the elevator, all are rustled into alert by the inquiry from CTV producer and Searchnet Reporter. I can just hear them saying, by gosh they were right, the Internet really is spawning investigators...

@_date: 1995-08-03 13:04:29
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Did Clinton Authorize Electronic Warfare Against Davidians? (fwd) 
Does this belong?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
               DID CLINTON AUTHORIZE ELECTRONIC WARFARE
                     AGAINST THE BRANCH DAVIDIANS?
Carol Valentine of Waco Remembrance in a release dated 7/18/95 asserts that
 the U. S. government engaged in electronic warfare against the Branch
Davidians during the siege at Waco. Actions included jamming SOS signals
being transmitted by the Davidians, jamming incoming radio and TV signals,
dismantling Mt. Carmel's ham radio tower and using sophisticated British
military hardward (perhaps manned by British military personnel) to monitor
 the Branch Davidians every action and word.
Jamming of Radio and TV Signals
President Clinton may have personally approved the radio and TV jamming
operations during the 51-day siege. Jamming of radio and TV signals is
strictly prohibited by S law and can be carried out only in extreme
situations such as war of national security emergencies. President Clinton
himself would have had to sign the order. George Zimmerlee of Marietta,
Georgia has asked Presidnet Clinton for a copy of the order bearing his
signature. The White House has refused to provide it, saying that the White
House is not covered by the Freedom of Information Act.
The FBI jammed TV and radio signals as part of its psychological warfare on
the Davidians. Signals were jammed almost completely during the day and
night to prevent the Davidians from hearing news of support from other
Americans. The only signals permitted into Mt. Carmel's airspace during the
siege were those carrying FBI news conferences in which David Koresh was
held up to scorn and the religious views of the Davidians were ridiculed.
Through listening devices, the FBI then studied the Branch Davidian
responses to the briefings:
"You could hear them yelling and screaming about (FBI agent) Ricks and
(BATF agent) Troy, yelling and screaming about (how) people were lying
about them. That came mostly from Schneider", an FBI official told the
Dallas Morning News.
The jamming equipment was supplied by the Federal Communications
Morse Code Signals Jammed
On the night of March 14, 1993 and on the following night, Morse Code
messages were flashed by Branch Davidians switching an overhead light on
and off. The message came from the fourth floor of the Mt. Carmel Center.
The flashing lights were picked up by TV cameras, caputred on video tape
and later analyzed. Associated Press issued a report stating that it had
analyzed the transmissions and that the message was this: SOS SOS SOS FBI
BROKE NEGOTIATIONS. WANT NEGOTATIONS FROM THE PRESS.
The MorseCode transmissions were also studies by Zimmerlee, who designs and
builds prototype electronic equipment. He is an amateur radio operator, and
holds an FCC General Radiotelephone (Operator) License. "Much of what the
Branch Davidians transmitted has been lost", says Zimmerlee. Apparently the
government was alerted of the Brnach Davidian plans by listening devices
planted inside Mt. Carmel. On the night the signal began, the FBI focused
stadium lights into the room from which the signals were being transmitted.
The Morse Code signals were obscured by the much brighter stadium lights.
In addition, a tank was pulled up directly between the light and the TV
cameras. The cameras also began panning back and forth so that viewing the
signal was interrupted during crucial transmission periods.
Interfering with SOS signals violates several international laws, including
the International Telecommunications Convention of Atlantic City, 1947
(Article 44) and the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, Part III, Article 19. The message met the International
Telecommunication Union Rules (Article 37) definition of a distress signal.
Davidians Wayne Martin or Jeff Little, now both dead, probably sent the
code, says Zimmerlee. Both were ham radio operators, knew Morse code and
had a proficiency of 20 words per minute. "they were sending cohenert, very
readable code--exquisitly good, it was very readable", says Zimmerlee.
Ham Radio Tower Dismantled
According to Zimmerlee's research, Mt. Carmel was an FCC licensed ham radio
station. QST Magazine says Branch Davidian Wayne Martin had talked about
the existence of a ham radio tower at Mt. Carmel with another amateur
operator at Waco. The tower was an inverted "V" 14 megahertz, wire dipole
antenna with which Martin claimed to have made worldwide contact.
During the siege an FBI agent told Associated Preess that the FBI intended
to knock down Mt. Carmel's ham radio station. In a letter to Rep. Newt
Gingrich on April 21, 1994 the FBI admitted that "The Branch Davidians had
the means to send and receive communications, and the FBI took steps to
deny those communications . .."FCC has also told Zimmerlee that it has a
classified document pertaining to the amateur radio station or its
Yet footage of the Mt. Carmel Center on the day of the original BATF raid
does not show a ham radio tower. "The tower was apparently pulled up even
before helicopter gunships begin firing into Mt. Carmel by a government
operative inside Mt. Carmel. My conclusion is that the raid on Mt. Carmel
was a Military Operation, not a search. Communications in this Military
Operation was a high priority target. The government has lied about the
nature and purpose of the raid. Evidence of jamming shows that there was
something extremely danagerous about permitting the Branch Davidians to
communicate with the outside world," says Zimmerlee.
Use of Foreign Military Equipment
As reported by Linda Thompson in "Waco, the Big Lie", the British
government supplied the FBI with a multi-sensor surveillance aircraft,
equipped with forward looking infra-red radar and a low light television
camera. According to an article in "The London Sunday Times" March 21,
1993, "the siege has become a focal point for the world's Special Forces
eager to see the latest equipment being applied to a real crisis. Observer
teams from the American Delta Force and British Special Air Services have
already visited Waco". The London Times also says fibre-optic cables were
inserted within the building at Mt. Carmel and were used to relay a
full-color picture of a whole room from a lens measuring no more than
one-eighth of an inch. Government agents had infiltrated Mt. Carmel before
the raid and replaced normal telephones with converted sets which double as
microphones to relay all converation inside a room, said The Times.
* Steve Wingate / CITIZEN'S INTELLIGENCE ACCESS BBS / 415.927.2435 / MindNet

@_date: 1995-08-15 06:59:50
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: The Spotlight 
Perry, just a brief correction to the original file
Constitutionalist paper than a Klan paper, by my reckoning. Sources available on request.

@_date: 1995-08-29 11:58:05
@_author: The Gate 
@_subject: Searchnet 
Spotlight was a Klan paper. what is up with the Spotlight need to subscribe to Searchnet, which covers all the information of like sort. There was also a wonderful post recently hailing hackers as the ones who are most likely to prevent government sponsored crypto-terror censorship.

@_date: 1995-11-04 21:20:47
@_author: Lee 
@_subject: FBI Wants to Wiretap One of Every 100 Phones in Urban Areas 
FBI Wants to Wiretap One of Every 100 Phones in
Urban Areas
By MATT YANCEY
Associated Press Writer
WASHINGTON (AP) - The FBI wants the capability to simultaneously tap one every 100 phone and data transmission lines in major urban centers, but a Justice Department official said there are no plans to expand the existing of wiretaps.
As part of its effort to deal with a new breed of computer-savvy criminals at using new telecommunications technologies, the FBI said it wants phone
companies to initially set aside 0.5 percent, or one of every 200 lines, for law
enforcement use in high-crime urban areas. But it added it also wants the to rapidly expand that capability to one of every 100 lines if the need arises. The
disclosure was made in a little-noticed announcement in the Federal Despite the notice, Deputy Attorney General Jamie Gorelick said today, "There is
no intention to expand the number of wiretaps or the extent of wiretapping .. . I
don't think the American people should be worried about that."
Last year, federal and state courts authorized 1,154 wiretaps, of which 48 were sought by federal agents. Increases in recent years have mostly come drug trafficking cases. Gorelick acknowledged: "As we've gotten more in the drug war, as organized gang activity has been an increased focus for us,
we've seen a slight increase."
The FBI proposal, unveiled on three pages of the thick daily compendium of
federal regulations and other government activities for Oct. 16, had been anticipated since the passage last year of the Communications Assistance for Law
Enforcement Act.
"The entire purpose of the digital telephony legislation was to leave law
enforcement in the same position it is now with respect to wiretaps: That is, to
ensure that emerging digital technology would not defeat current lawful
wiretaps," Gorelick said, noting that court approval would still be required for
any wiretap. "There appears to be some misunderstanding or as to the implications of what is contained in that notice."
But experts familiar with the law did not expect the FBI's reach into the new fiber optic cables, digital switches and high-speed modems for business transactions as well as voices to be so sweeping.
"The level of capacity that the FBI is proposing here would come as a surprise to
many who supported the legislation," said James X. Dempsey, deputy director of
the Center for National Security Studies, a group that monitors government
surveillance activities.
While the federal notice does not specify which cities would be targeted, said New York is likely to be one of them. Assuming there are 2 million phone and data transmission lines there, that means the FBI wants the ability to
tap 20,000 of them simultaneously, he said.
"People are starting to say that seems awfully high," Dempsey said, noting the overall level of such surveillance activity is now a total of 20,000 to 25,000
intercepts nationwide over an entire year.
The FBI said in its official notice that its capability needs were based on "an
historical baseline of electronic surveillance activity" after surveying state and local courts, prosecutors and police agencies.
It did not offer a further explanation, but during hearings over the past years leading to passage of the 1994 law, FBI and other officials cited growing incidence of computer-based crimes.
The law was intended to remove what law enforcement officials have a major impediment - the growing obsolescence of the copper phone wire - probing drug trafficking, organized crime, terrorism, kidnaping and new types of white-collar crime.
"Without this bill ... we would have been completely prevented in a very time from carrying out any court-approved wiretapping," FBI Director Louis
Freeh said at the time.
While law enforcement officers will still have to get court approval for wiretaps they install, the technological measures authorized by the law remove the objections of some judges.
Copper telephone lines were relatively easy to tap because they carried only one
conversation. But digital switches and fiber optics now in growing use often carry
hundreds of conversations or data transmissions at the same time, making difficult to isolate a single phone line.
The law authorized $500 million for the government to pay the phone their cost in installing the necessary technology, but none of the money has been
And with increased criticism focused on the FBI for its role in the 1993 Davidian siege in Waco, Texas, and the 1992 deadly standoff against white
separatist Randy Weaver in Ruby Ridge, Idaho, there is no assurance will be forthcoming with the money.
Legislation sent by President Clinton to Congress seeking greater wiretap
authority in the wake of the April bombing of the federal building in City is languishing in congressional committees and is given little prospect of
being passed this year.
