
@_date: 1995-12-29 20:35:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ideath remailer permanently down / PGP key changes for Greg Broiles 
I don't think that the local freenet folks are ever going to get my domain name again, so I'm officially announcing the closing of the remailer formerly located
"remailer Mail to the goldenbear.com domain has been bou
for almost three weeks now, and I expect that to continue. Sorry for any inconve
I predict about a year of erratic net access and moving around while I finish la
school, take the bar exam(s), and find a job or get a business started. When eve
settles down I plan to find a reliable net connection and run a remailer again. Due to the loss of my domain name and UUCP connectivity, other changes are happe
I'm now using a Windows box, not a Unix box, for my net access; have switched to
for DOS and Private Idaho (nice job, Joel!).
Am also using a new PGP key, since my old one (0x58ddf30d) was almost 3 years ol
updated the MIT PGP keyserver with an "obsolete" marker for the old key, as well
new key (signed by my old key). The new key is appended to this message.
Am using a new long-term E-mail address, "gbroiles Re my discussion
weeks ago of alternatives for mail storage/forwarding, I have settled on netbox.
can receive mail as "gbroiles but I expect that address to
working sometime this coming May. The netbox.com address will ideally keep worki
years to come.

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:43:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailers & liability 
Hello again to list folks. Had to disappear for a bit due to school & work,
but am back for a few weeks before the bar. (doh.) I upgraded from Eudora
Lite to Eudora Pro before resubscribing and find its filtering makes the
cpunks traffic much more manageable. Cheerfully recommended to everyone
who's still got cpunks dumping in their regular mailbox and cursing at the
lack of mail kill files. Have been following the discussion re remailers & liability. The use of
waivers and hold-harmless clauses and ROT13 and all of the rest seems like
it might have some potential where the potential plaintiff you're worried
about is a message recipient angered or shocked by receiving mail which
bothers them.
I don't think they'll do much good where the potential plaintiff is a third
party whose gripe is that the material was distributed. I'm thinking here of
copyright plaintiffs like Newsweek or Brad Templeton/Clarinet or the Church
of Scamentology, or a person concerned about invasion of privacy or
defamation. A recipient can't waive/disclaim the rights of a third party,
and an indemnity clause isn't worth much without assets and an honest
intention to back it up. Waivers and disclaimers also aren't likely to be
any help against criminal charges, because the aggrieved party is the State,
not the "victim".
The real key to long-lasting remailers is relatively judgement-proof
remailer operators who aren't scared of going to court. (cf. Grady Ward and
Arnie Lerma) Remailer operators are first amendment activists who are going
to take heat the same way that environmental and anti-abortion activists
have. I talked with one woman who was hit with a judgement by a timber
company after she & other activists blocked logging equipment, causing the
timber company to lose money (_Huffman-Wright v. Wade_, 317 Or 445, 452, 857
P.2d 101 (1993)) - her comment was that she's able to maintain a reasonable
but not luxurious life with the roughly $9000 per year income that the
judgement creditor can't touch, and that the minimal possessions which can't
be seized by the sheriff are enough for her. Remailer operators may have to
choose between comfortable living and their commitment to the principle of
free speech. Remailers are attempting to do something that the legal system is hostile to
- allow action (potentially harm) without corresponding liability. (If the
remailer's not liable, and the sender isn't identifiable, there's nobody to
sue and nobody to throw in jail.) Some people on the list take the position
that sending and receiving electronic data cannot create the sort of harm
that the legal system ought to concern itself with. While this might be the
case (I'm not convinced yet either way), it's certainly not the law. Lots of
tricky lawyers spend lots of time trying to structure relationships so that
it's possible to have activity without liability for their clients. As far
as I can tell, the way to achieve this result is through public relations
and lobbying (e.g., "tort reform"). Unfortunately, remailer operators aren't
as sympathetic as big insurance companies, so we may lose out. :( For what it's worth, I'm still planning to run a remailer again when I get
settled down somewhere. (I don't think remailers do much good where the
operator isn't root, so I'm not bothering with trying to run one on someone
else's system.) My debt/asset ratio is bad enough from all of this school
that I don't have much for anyone to levy against. Ha, ha. Anyone want some
rapidly obsolescing computer and law books? :(
Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-05-28 19:12:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Remailers & liability 
I think it's more difficult to covertly monitor communications through a
remailer if the remailer operator isn't root; this is also the case if the
primary MX record doesn't point directly to a machine under the operator's
control. I think it'd be possible for a hostile party to monitor/intercept
communications through any remailer; but it's more likely to cause an
unexplained disruption or outage where the hostile party has less access to
the target machine/network, and the operator (who we assume is trusted) has
more access.
I also think that where root is not the remailer operator, root is a lot
less likely to say "fuck off you evil TLA I won't help you monitor remailer
traffic." My hunch is that many/most remailer operators would shut down a
remailer instead of letting a TLA monitor traffic, and/or would refuse to
take clear steps to publically reestablish the integrity of a remailer if
its confidentiality was in question. My hunch is that many/most
"professional" sysadmins would let a TLA monitor traffic if a user was
running a remailer, and wouldn't do anything to let either the user/operator
or the clients of the remailer know anything was amiss. Look at the way that
the WELL and Netcom and AOL (I'm probably missing some examples here) have
been willing to let amateur and professional spooks & cops wander around
their systems reading mail and looking in home directories while chasing
"bad guys". How many ISP's are going to say "come back with a warrant" if
cops show up with badges & guns, saying "User X is running a remailer which
sends kiddie porn/drug sales transaction info/whatever"? I bet very, very
few. (And no, the ECPA won't be much help, see _Steve Jackson Games_ re
"what does intercept mean?")
Obviously I'm talking about "more" and "fewer" and hunches, not a
mathematical proof. This is really just another web-of-trust; I may trust X
to run a remailer (and not log traffic or disclose it to outsiders), but I
probably don't trust X to pick a service provider who will not be
susceptible to "the Briefing" and who won't hire anyone as a sysadmin who
isn't bribable or coercible. My intention is not to slam remailer operators who aren't root, just to
point out that the level of protection we should expect from those remailers
is relatively small. Ditto for remailers operated by unknown nyms who don't
have well-known people willing to vouch for their integrity. Truly, no
offense is intended. If I have some idea who the remailer operator is, and
they are root, I feel like I learn something if the operator says "My system
doesn't log traffic." If the operator isn't in a position to know (because
they're not root) or if I don't have a reason to trust them, I assume the
remailer is logging traffic. And a remailer that logs traffic may be more
dangerous than no remailer at all, because the amount of security provided
is illusory. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-06-05 20:56:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Signature Act Of 1996 
I think more apropos to the discussion of electronic signatures is UCC
1-201(39), "'Signed' includes any symbol executed or adopted by a party with
present intention to authenticate a writing." Comment 39 to 1-201 indicates
"[a]uthentication may be printed, stamped or written; it may be by initials
or by thumbprint. It may be on any part of the document and in appropriate
cases may be found in a billhead or letterhead. No catalog of possible
authentications can be complete and the court must use common sense and
commercial experience in passing upon these matters. The question always is
whether the symbol was executed or adopted by the party with present
intention to authenticate the writing." And comment 2 to 3-401 (re
negotiable instruments) indicates that a signature may be "handwritten,
typed, printed or made in any other manner."
So I don't see why that wouldn't include a PGP signature, a traditional
".signature" block, or the typed "/s/ Greg Broiles" used in some
circumstances. (Of course, the UCC doesn't apply to every transaction, nor
is it adopted in identical form in every state, blah blah blah.) But it's
always nice if the legislature is willing to say "This is the right way to
create an electronic signature" because then we don't have to wonder. (However, a signature and a contract are not the same thing - and you don't
need to have a contract to have an enforceable obligation. A nonrepudiable
document still isn't a self-executing one.)
Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-06-10 21:45:24
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Signature Act Of 1996 
I'll "remember" this only insofar as it reminds me to read your other
messages with a more skeptical eye. I hope you pay more attention to
accuracy when you're at work.
Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:28:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Cookie alternatives 
One partial solution would be to turn cookies into nonces - instead of
using server-supplied cookies, which may or may not contain hashed/hidden
information, client software (and by extension, the human(s) in charge of it) could control the generation and modification of cookies.
Some cookie uses are predictable - e.g., "Put the current date and time in the cookie", or "Put the user's E-mail address in the cookie". The user could be presented with dialog boxes asking "Server sneaky.tricky.com would like to set a cookie which will record the date and time of this visit. OK?" or "Server sneaky.tricky.com would like Netscape to generate a random number to keep track of your visits. OK?" A switch from server-generated cookies to client-generated cookies shouldn't involve too many changes on the client software side.
(One danger which occurs to me about such a scheme is the potential leakage of client state information, assuming that the algorithm used to generate the pseudorandom cookies is or will be known to attackers.) Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-07-19 19:23:30
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: "address verification databases"? 
I followed the links and explored the web site of the "address verification"
provider (  ). The data they have about me is outdated
(by at least a year) and apparently derived from a phone book or directory
assistance. I picked up a copy of "The Net" magazine at the store tonight because it's
got an article listing several of these Web-accessible address/phone
databases. The article doesn't say anything especially fascinating but it
does list three such sites:
Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-07-25 15:27:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: When books are outlawed 
Both are (or were) magazines, "On Our Backs" appearing some years after
"Off" and appealing to a different (but still lesbian) market segment. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-07-29 13:00:51
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: TLAs on cypherpnks (was Re: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS) 
Given that no names or dates are mentioned, I dunno if it's fair to call it
"confirmed". It doesn't seem to be re-confirmable, if someone else wanted to
verify it independently. I'm also not sure that a TLA employee reading the
list because they happen to find it interesting counts as "monitoring".
"Monitoring" suggests to me that it's being read/filtered/indexed/archived
in some organized and deliberate fashion.
Even so, the issue seems likely to generate more heat than light. If the
list is interesting, it's unremarkable that one or more TLA employees would
choose to read it. On our better days, we're talking about the
intersection(s) between politics and privacy and technology - issues which
affect the performance of many of a TLA's duties as well as the public will
to maintain the policies and funding of the TLA and its employees. It's not
surprising that TLA's want the capability to read every word written and
hear every word spoken; it's just surprising that they believe that using
law to maintain their ability to do that is compatible with the Constitution. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-08-01 01:27:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: A Libertine Question 
The process of regulatory torment of homeless folks is divisible into two
methods: restriction of anonymous behavior (e.g., travel, public speech,
business transactions), and restriction of behavior to property-owners
(sleeping, eating, assembly, recreation).
The former is or should be disturbing to crypto-anarchy friendly folks
because it limits the ability of every person to travel or make purchases or
otherwise engage in economic activity anonymously.
The latter should be disturbing to crypto-anarchy friendly folks because of
the relationship between physical presence and regulatory jurisdiction - a
government which requires you to establish your relationship to something
valuable within its jurisdiction (like a car or real estate) before allowing
you to exercise human/economic rights effectively establishes its ability to
regulate you by seizing or otherwise burdening your relationship with your
In practice, the no-anonymity requirement is frequently conflated with the
latter, in that demonstrating your relationship to valuable property implies
susceptibility to punishment (and/or sufficient
socialization/indoctrination) and long-term presence for later enforcement,
such that a request for identification (with corresponding dossier check for
previous instances of "antisocial" behavior) is likely to be unnecessary or
penologically nonproductive. Which is a long way to say that street cops
don't usually torment people with nice cars and/or houses, so those folks
don't need to be so concerned about making sure their "papers" are "in
order". So the unconstitutional and oppressive character of the various laws
Mike Duvos refers to is mitigated by their lack of evenhanded enforcement.
If a cop can demand ID from someone who "looks like he doesn't belong here"
he can demand it from you. (modulo driving, this isn't legal. But give
Justice [sic] Rehnquist and Clinton and random congressional maniacs a few
more years and see where things stand.)
Both requirements are reducible to the notion that a person must be
punishable before they may act - in the extreme case, a person must be
punishable before they will be allowed to exist. I find it very difficult to
harmonize this position with the idea that governments exist to serve
people, not the other way around. But maybe I just don't have my head right. Because homelessness itself is not inherently problematic (or easily
distinguishable from "legitimate" activity), it's difficult to define it as
a crime beyond Mr. "strong libertarian [sic]" Horowitz' "threat to public
order and decorum". Cities have learned to regulate everyday activities
since those are the only ones they're certain homeless people will engage
in. Police officers have, in general, the good sense to avoid applying these
regulations to people who look like they don't present a threat to "public
order and decorum". Today those laws are applied to people who may smell bad
and don't want traditional jobs. Tomorrow they may be applied to people who
won't use only government-approved crypto or who want to defend themselves
with guns or other weapons. And just as some people "don't have a right to
live in Seattle" if they won't toe the line, other people may find they
"don't have a right to live in the United States." * (* Other people (apparently not "strong libertarians") buy into all of that
suspicious crap about the Bill of Rights and people being allowed to be
themselves even if other people find it upsetting or non-decorous. But they
probably don't appreciate how difficult it is to be a policeman, so we'll
just ignore them, they're probably leftists. If they don't like how things
go here, they can just get the hell out, hmm? Banning T-shirts with crypto
code printed on them - that's one thing. But banning ratty old T-shirts that
haven't been washed is totally different.) The regulation of ordinary social and economic activity is not a
"homelessness issue", it's a "freedom issue". If you admit that it can
legitimately be regulated but reassure yourself with your trust in the
discretion and good judgement of the regulators, your liberty is more a
matter of grace than of right. Have a nice day.  Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-08-16 16:24:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: implausible defenses & tax havens 
This scenario is more or less the same as being paid in paper cash and then
hiding the paper cash. That's not an especially sophisticated tax evasion
tactic. If you were on a jury, and you heard a defendant testify that they worked at
a job site (either as an employee or a contractor) for years without ever
being paid, and that they managed to maintain a lifestyle consistent with
full-time work without ever receiving taxable income (whether as wages or
dividends or interest or ..), and that the HR/personnel/AP people who
testified that the defendant had been paid were mistaken or lying .. would
you believe that testimony?
Winning in court takes a lot more than making up a conceivable but
incredibly implausible chain of events to explain away incriminating
circumstances. (* OJ and other cases of nullification notwithstanding. But
precious few people have the $ to pay for the kind of defense work needed to
get that sort of result.) The notion of "burden of proof" is important, and
defense lawyers can jawbone about it for hours - but the bottom line is that
the "I don't know anything about getting any money" defense is bullshit. If
the jurors can't imagine themselves or their kids or their friends doing
what you're claiming you did (working without being paid and with no
expectation of being paid), you lose. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-08-18 19:30:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: MD5 completely broken! 
Research, my ass. You should stop drinking. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-08-20 22:07:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: CS First Boston lawsuit 
Sure, there are collection people who do this regularly; it's also possible
to sell judgements for a fraction of their face value. It is possible to name unknown defendants in a suit - the tradition is to
name them as, literally, "John Doe" or "John Does 1-6, unknown Washington
County Sheriff's Deputies". The idea is that at some point prior to trial
you'll learn the names of the defendants and then ask the court for
permission to amend your complaint to add the newly found names. (e.g., Oregon Rule of Civil Procedure 20(H): "Fictitious Parties. When a
party is ignorant of the name of an opposing party and so alleges in a
pleading, the opposing party may be designated by any name, and when such
party's true name is discovered, the process and all pleadings and
proceedings in the action may be amended by substituting the true name.")
But naming someone in a suit is not sufficient to give them notice that
they've been sued, so that they know to file an answer and otherwise defend
themselves. At least in Oregon (state & Fed courts, since Fed courts borrow
the state's rules for service of process, Fed Rul Civ Pro 4(e)(1)), service
by publication (as mentioned in another message) is only allowed where the
plaintiff files an affidavit that they have tried every other appropriate
means of service and they have been unsuccessful, or that they have reason
to know it will be unsuccessful. ORCP 7(D)(7). Service by publication is
relatively rare. So Tim's correct (at least as far as I know, and I sure don't know
everything) when he says that John Doe *trials* are essentially unknown -
because if defendant(s) don't appear for trial but have been served, the
plaintiff can get a default judgement against them - which makes a trial
unnecessary, at least for those defendants. It's also possible (sometimes) for a defendant to overturn a default
judgement and ask for a real trial, if they can show that there was a good
reason why they didn't respond initially. Bad (or unattempted) service of
process is usually a good reason. The John Doe lawsuits are more likely to falter at the service-of-process
stage; before you get to ask for a default judgment, you've got to prove
that the defendant was served. And if you don't even know their name, it's
tough to serve them with the summons & complaint. No service, no judgement. The connection between the service-of-process problem and the in rem cases
Black Unicorn mentioned (e.g., "United States v. $405,089.23") is that the
owner of the property is supposedly put on notice by the seizure or
attachment of the property itself. A court can exercise jurisdiction over
*stuff* (e.g., property) and enter a judgement against the stuff even if it
hasn't gained jurisdiction (via service of process) over the person who owns
the stuff. In the most common seizures, the stuff is seized from one or more
people; those people are also given notice of the seizure and their right to
contest it.
(which is not to say that I'm a fan of forfeiture - I'm not - but the cases
I've seen/worked on haven't suggested that lack of notice is a problem.
Claimants/owners/possessors don't always understand the notice they're given
at seizure, and they don't always bother to act within the awfully short
deadlines (10-15 days, in some cases) required to file a claim. But people
do get (arguably inadequate) notice.) To some extent, in rem jurisdiction is practically necessary - otherwise
it'd be possible to have property in a wrong place, or creating
unwanted/harmful effects, which could not be legally moved or changed
without service of process on the owner - who may be dead or travelling or
uninterested or just hard to find. If cryptoanarchy becomes more prevalent,
and it becomes more difficult to trace ownership and control of interesting
stuff (e.g., physical or intellectual property, and/or "bots" of one flavor
or another), look for more in rem actions, not fewer.   (I can't think of an example of a John Doe criminal proceeding, except that
I believe grand juries can hear testimony and investigate crimes where a
target has not yet been identified. But that's a very early stage of
criminal proceedings where the defendant doesn't have many rights even if
they are identified; so the lack of notice isn't much of an injury.) Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:18:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Anonymity and free speech 
Instead of discussing whether or not Esther Dyson or other EFF board members
are personally comfortable with anonymity, let's talk about whether or not
the EFF and its board members believe that the First Amendment provides a
right to speak and associate anonymously. (I believe that the First
Amendment gives everyone the right to wear a t-shirt which says "I am an
asshole." But I have no interest in wearing such a t-shirt. And so on.) I believe that it does, and that the Supreme Court has already made that
clear. In cypherpunks I'm thinking of _NAACP v. Alabama
ex rel Patterson_, _Talley_, and _McIntrye v. Ohio Elections Commission_.
(Sorry for the lack of cites; 95% of my stuff is still in boxes and I'm
sending this via laptop and a Ricochet modem.)
If the right to speak/associate in "real life" is protected by the First
Amendment, I don't see why it wouldn't be on computers and networks which
are located inside the United States. And if that right is based upon the
Constitution, it will take a constitutional amendment or a big sea change in
the Supreme Court to take it away.
(I wonder if the decision in _McIntrye_ would have gone the other way if Ms.
McIntrye were selling drugs via anonymous message pools instead of
discussing school funding via windshield flyers.) Discussions about the
utility of anonymity would be more useful if we were designing a
communication system or a constituion from scratch; but that's not our
current situation. Is there serious debate about whether or not the
Constitution and the Internet allow anonymous communication? (I'm not asking
a rhetorical question. If someone's familiar with an argument to the
contrary, please tell me about it.) Both the Constitution and the Internet
are difficult to modify quickly; we probably have anonymity (like it or not)
for at least a few more years. (I'm not trying to imply that US law is the only law, or that the rest of
the world doesn't existy. But I don't know poo about the right to anonymity
in other nations; and to a certain extent anonymity anywhere on the Internet
is the same as anonymity everywhere on the Internet. Are other readers aware
of other jurisdictions where anonymous speech is considered a right?)
Greg Broiles

@_date: 1996-09-08 13:36:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
Either that, or the fear that authorities are no longer necessary unless
they can point to something dangerous that they're protecting the rest of us
from - with the plausibility of the Godless Communist Threat waning, it
becomes necessary for drug sellers and people with fringe politics to appear
more threatening. Support (political and financial) for the exercise of
power is a function of the anxiety level of the populace. People whose
income and sense of self-worth is derived from that exercise of power have a
clear interest in maintaining or increasing the level of anxiety. Do you
imagine a future in which law enforcement holds a press conference to
announce "We're mostly eating donuts and reading magazines. There's not much
for us to do. Perhaps half of us should be laid off or something."? Can you
imagine the military spontaneously downsizing, or failing to oppose
reductions in force? While domestic terrorist events may bring a sharper focus to discussions of
the merits and costs of politically motivated violence, your fantasy that it
will somehow bring about a change in someone's substantive politics is
amusing. It seems at least as likely that domestic repression purportedly
adopted in "response" to recent events will create a feeling of solidarity
with people living under Orwellian governments. ("Of course those guys over
there are blowing things up. Their government sucks. Hey, our government is
starting to suck. Let's blow some stuff up.")
Further, your notion that "terrorism" has somehow been limited to "far-off
irredentist struggles" of concern only to expatriates is ridiculous. Have
you not noticed the arson, bombings, and shootings at abortion clinics in
the US? Or the history of violence on the (neo-) left, e.g., the Weather
Underground, etc.? Or the history of the KKK and race-motivated
lynchings/beatings? Or the Unabomber? Isn't it wonderful that "one" unavoidably "reaches conclusions" which
eliminate moral and political arguments you find uninteresting? We might as
well announce that "One soon learns that repression will never eliminate
violent opposition" or some other arguable proposition. Deciding that every
person who supports or engages in politically motivated violence is an
"ordinary psychopath" suggests that many, many people are psychopaths; and
that makes the diagnosis of "psychopath" unremarkable. Was that really your
Or perhaps "it is necessary to ask" whether restricting pre-existing freedom
has ever reduced or eliminated "terrorism"; it's certainly worked well in
Lebanon and the Palestine, in Germany, Japan, and Peru .. or has it? (But as
counterexamples, we've got the Soviet Union under Stalin, Germany under
Hitler, Italy under Mussolini, Chile under Pinochet, Cuba under Castro,
Nicaragua in the mid-80's, and China. Perhaps you're right.)
Boy, if we could just figure out the right combination of procedural rules,
we could simply abandon all of this problematic "rights" stuff. Wouldn't
that be a lot simpler? These pesky "rights" keep getting in the way of
legitimate government needs. Shit.
Don't forget that it's necessary to adopt an exaggerated version of your own
position, such that you can "compromise" your way to "agreeing" on exactly
what you wanted in the first place. It's also useful to categorize your
opponent's position as "extreme", "radical", "unworkable", "unrealistic", or
"militant" - such that they cannot continue to maintain it and remain
"reasonable". (e.g., "extreeme [sic] examples of Chaumian cash") In effect what is taking place is a negotiation between two groups, the
government and civil rights activists. The government is asking us if we'd
rather be shot in the right kneecap or the left kneecap to ensure that we
don't try to run from the legitimate needs of the government. If the civil
rights groups don't get on the bandwagon and pick a kneecap, they'll lose
any chance they had to have an influence over this crucial process of
self-government. Would you like one lump, or two?
Not if "privacy" is considered something suspicious which only extremist
militant pro-pedophile terrorists would be interested in. After all, every
reasonable person is open to compromising in order to accommodate the
state's legitimate interest in preventing bad things from happening, right?
And if a little repression and loss of privacy doesn't seem to improve
things, we'd better just have some more, hmm? Never can get too much of that
compromise stuff.
Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-09-11 07:31:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: TWA 800 - Serious thread. 
But the public *is* asked to assent to those methods - your chance to vote
on them is known colloquially as "jury duty". Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-09-11 11:01:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: shutting down anon.funet.fi -- tough case 
As I understand the situation, penet.fi wasn't forced to close but will
apparently be forced (again) to compromise the anonymity of one of its users
- and the operator, Johan Helsingus, chose to stop providing the service
because he isn't able to protect the privacy of the users. It also might be confusing to think about anon.penet.fi as a single "case",
since it's been the subject of frustration/attention from several directions
- the church of scientology, the government of Singapore, and the recent UK
newspaper article identifying it as a source of child porn. Further, I don't think there's been a real claim that penet or its
operator(s) have violated any copyright at all; merely that they have
frustrated the efforts of copyright holders to identify alleged infringers. I don't see how any service provider of even modest size can fail to "ignore
blatant violations of copyright law" given the difficulty of figuring out
who's got a right to make which data available.
Even a relatively easy-to-spot infringement (say, an image with "Playmate of
the Month" text visible) requires that some person who's familiar with
Playboy view the image and come to the conclusion that an individual user
probably doesn't have the right to make images available which were
apparently produced by a well-known international publishing operation. The
creation of a prescreening systen would require the development of
protocols/systems which do not now exist, as well as burden the ability of
users to communicate quickly. It's also expensive in terms of human time
required, and likely to fall far short of its mission - e.g., people can
perhaps spot Playboy centerfold images by their vertical-to-horizontal size
ratio (I mean the image, not the model) plus the "Playmate of the month"
text, and they can probably spot popular songs or images .. but matching two
images or arbitrary selections of text is a difficult problem.
Prescreening seems to require access (on the part of the screener) to a
database of already copyrighted works, or a database of hashes (think of a
hash as a digital fingerprint) of copyrighted works. The most likely
scenario I can see would be for the Library of Congress (and equivalent
foreign institutions) to maintain a database of all copyright works (yow!)
in electronic format; and then to compare hashes of the work being screened
to those works in the database. Obviously, such an effort - especially one
which could respond in close-to-realtime - would be *incredibly expensive*. (The side effect - that we'd end up with an electronic version of every
copyrighted work in the Library of Congress - is alluring. But if we had
that the obvious step would be to make it Web-accessible, which would so
radically transform the publishing business that copyright infringement
wouldn't even be interesting any more.) Keeping a database of hashes online instead of a database of works is less
useful because many of the hashes must be recomputed dynamically - e.g.,
such a system should be able to spot substrings or resizings of copyrighted
And all of this ignores the possibility of fair use. So I guess my point is
that the problem of "acting responsible with respect to letting others post
copyright-protected works without permission" is a lot harder than it sounds
like it ought to be. Good faith on the part of the ISP/remailer isn't even
close to good enough. Greg Broiles                |"Post-rotational nystagmus was the subject of
gbroiles         |an in-court demonstration by the People
 |wherein Sgt Page was spun around by Sgt
Studdard." People v. Quinn 580 NYS2d 818,825.

@_date: 1996-09-12 18:25:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: jury nullification/selection 
Sorry if I was too terse earlier. I hadn't intended to start a big FIJA dustup.
I think that government sleaziness is not only useful in a true
nullification argument ("he's guilty but you should acquit anyway") but
where it reflects on the credibility of testimony and the prosecution's case
in general. It's easy to imagine a prosecution which rests on the testimony
of people who lie every day (criminally involved informants, jailhouse
informants, and undercover cops) and/or real evidence which was gained
through the use of subterfuge and trickery (like wiretap/body wire
evidence). The idea is to make the government look sleazier and trickier
than the defendant(s) and the defense witnesses. If the government's
evidence ends up being tainted directly or indirectly by lying, trickery,
etc., then the defense can argue "Hey. You can't trust anyone who got up on
that stand and talked to you. And if you don't know who to trust and you
think everyone's lying, the government's got no case. And if they've got no
case, the judge will tell you that you must acquit." So I think that public distaste and discomfort with weirder and sleazier
tactics on the part of cops can be (and is) discussed and used and "voted
on". "Not guilty" doesn't necessarily mean "innocent", sometimes it means
"The prosecution didn't have enough evidence I thought I could trust." And yes, I agree that even mentioning nullification during voir dire will
probably get you kicked off of a jury; and I think that's partly because one
party or the other will be scared of nullification, and partly because the
term "jury nullification" makes people think of FIJA and associated loons.
Nobody wants a loon on the jury. (I don't think everyone who argues for
nullification is a loon, but some of them sure are - and there's no good way
to figure out whether someone's a loon or not in the middle of jury selection.) And I also agree that the jury selection process tends to select away from a
true cross-section of society; but the few easily available examples (big
trials like OJ or the Menendez Bros. or Wm. Kennedy Smith or whoever) are
poor examples because they're not typical. Trials where lots is at stake
(death penalty or celebrity defendant or big $ civil trials) tend to have
longer processes (which weed out everyone who isn't incredibly boring) but
it's not at all uncommon to pick a jury in a morning or in a day or two. In
federal court, the judge usually questions the jury instead of the attorneys
(which is faster), and may or may not ask questions that the attorneys have
suggested. Also, sometimes one side or the other will *want* especially
analytical or technical or well-trained jurors. Attorneys want to pick a
jury they can persuade, but they also want to pick a jury that can
understand their theory of the case. So I guess my point is that while the jury system isn't perfect, it is in
some ways a much more direct way to "vote" on how things work in the
judicial and law enforcement systems. I think it's more immediately and
directly democratic than the electoral system. All of the legal bullshit
aside, it's possible to think about trials as a way for people who have some
sort of problem (they've been injured or accused of a crime or whatever) to
tell a group of uninvolved people about the problem and ask them what the
right thing to do is. Yeah, that's really oversimplified, but I think that
what juries do is important and that what they do has a political and a
moral dimension even if attorneys aren't supposed to talk about it during
argument. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-13 11:21:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Fed appellate judge remarks re anonymity, free speech on the net 
The Daily Journal, a LA/SF legal newspaper had an article today (9/12) about
a lunchtime address given by Ninth Circuit Judge Alex Kozinski last Monday
at an Internet Law Symposium in Seattle.
The article quotes Kozinski as saying "I have a severe problem with
anonymous E-mailers . . . You don't have a right to walk up to somebody's
door and knock with a bag over your head." The article says Kozinski likened
anonymous E-mail to menacing someone.
Kozinski also suggested that computer-generated or morphed images of
children involved in sexual acts may not be protected under the Constitution
because of ongoing trauma to the child, while computer-generated or morphed
images of adults would be protected. The article says that Kozinski was skeptical that he or other federal judges
necessarily agreed with the 3rd Circuit's ruling in _ACLU v. Reno_ (finding
the CDA unconstitutional). Kozinski is considered relatively conservative and relatively libertarian,
as 9th Circuit judges go. Copies of the Daily Journal should be available at larger newsstands in CA;
interested parties might try DeLauer's on Broadway near 14th St in Oakland
if you're in my neck of the woods. (They usually have extras for the
preceding week or so.) Also try Barnes & Noble in Santa Monica or the
newsstand whose name escapes me in Westwood, if you're down there. (Also in today's news, the 9th Circuit upheld a CA statute forbidding sales
of material considered "harmful to minors" from vending machines.)
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-13 16:09:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fed appellate judge remarks re anonymity, free speech on the net 
Whoops. Sorry. Wrong context. What I should have said was "the 9th Circuit
upheld a CA statute forbidding sales of *printed* material considered
'harmful to minors' from unsupervised vending machines". The publication(s)
at issue are those newsprint swingers' magazines (e.g., "me and my friend
want to screw you and your friend. here is a picture of us naked."). Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-14 07:16:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fed appellate judge remarks re anonymity, free speech on the net 
This is what the article says:
"Another freedom-of-speech-related concern may be that while
computer-generated or 'morphed' Internet images of consenting adults in
sexual acts may find constitutional protections, the same may not hold if
such images use the likeness of a child because of ongoing trauma to the
child, Kozinski says." The only way this makes sense to me is that a child might be horrified to
find their face pasted onto the body of a 20-year old involved in sexual
activity. But this doesn't seem like a problem for criminal law to solve, it
seems like a tort law problem, and I'm still inclined to think that the
First amendment protects speech which upsets or horrifies someone.
The other rationale I see is the "child porn makes susceptible people go
molest children" argument. (And the consequently molested child would then
endure ongoing trauma.) The only difference I see between this argument and
the argument (which has been rejected in U.S. courts, as far as I know) that
adult porn makes susceptible people hurt women is the changing focus from
"woman" to "child". But I don't see a big difference between ongoing trauma
in adults and ongoing trauma in children, such that one merits special
restrictions on otherwise protected speech and one does not. But maybe
that's why I'm studying for the bar and Alex Kozinski is on the 9th circuit. :)
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-16 07:28:42
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: HipCrime as MetaSPAM 
Indeed. He's also collecting user data for spams or trojan horse attacks in
the future; a disassembly of his VisitorID.class and StealStuff.class files
reveals that he's collecting (via Java) data about a user's IP address,
email address, operating system, machine class (e.g., processor type), and
collecting some filesystem info; the filesystem info collector seems to be
prepared to cope with Macs, Windows boxes, and Unix systems. The user data
is sent back both as an E-mail message and via HTTP to his home system. As
far as I can tell, Netscape 3.0 on Win95 won't let it get any file system
info but will let it detect IP addr, processor, and OS.
He's also got at least one mostly harmless but annoying JavaScript trick
where he opens far too many copies of Netscape; I clobbered it after 9 or 10
windows had opened. (the windows claim to be "formatting your hard disk".)
As far as I can tell, he thinks that because some artists have a cynical,
grouchy attitude, anything he does while affecting such an attitude is art.
What he's lost track of is that some artists are also assholes, and some
people are simply juvenile assholes (no art). Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-18 13:38:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Spam blacklist project 
That's why the list should be distributed (as the original poster
mentioned) in hashed format - the junk email people would then hash their
own list(s), and would know not to send to addresses where the hashes
matched. The unmatched hashes addresses on the "block" list aren't
otherwise useful to the junk e-mail folks. It's an interesting idea .. but who is going to pay for it? (doh.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-18 22:14:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The GAK Momentum is Building... 
Hmm. The government sure is putting a lot of effort into moving us to a
system that you say is "no different than the system we have today." As far
as I can tell, you're the only one who thinks that. The government thinks
that GAK is a big change, civil libertarians think GAK is a big change ..
but you're welcome to call it "status quo" if it suits you. There's a world of difference between the government subpoena-ing something
from me, where I can delay disclosure until I've exhausted my legal avenues
to challenge disclosure, and the government demanding data from an at best
disinterested third party who cares not at all if I get my day in court
before they disclose. With the second scenario, I'm forced to try to
"unring the bell", and somehow limit the spread of otherwise
private/confidential data in a community (law enforcement) which is
organized to collect and retain information. Ha, ha. Given today's Congress
and Supreme Court, there's probably precious little chance that keys
disclosed prematurely or erroneously won't be used to collect evidence
which will be admissible despite the lack of meaningful opportunity to
challenge the "recovery" of a key.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-18 21:26:30
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Eudora 3.0 supports multiple tentacles 
Those of you who have or are tentacles (hee, hee) might take a look at the
new Eudora 3.0 beta; it's got nice built-in support for multiple POP
mailboxes/usernames, and keeps track of which identity received a messages,
and sends replies from that identity (using the appropriate outbound SMTP
server) so as not to confuse correspondents. It seems to be ideally set up
for people who want to adopt an alternate nym for whatever reason. The
filtering is also allegedly improved but I haven't fussed with that much yet.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-23 12:33:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Macintosh Mixmaster port...  Who's doing it? 
Actually, the Mac crypto conference didn't spend any time at all on
Mixmaster - which is not intended as a criticism of either the conference
or of Mixmaster, but it just didn't happen. I gave a very short talk and said that I thought the Mac needed three apps,
for people who wanted to jump in a write something useful to the cause of
privacy on the net and didn't want to reinvent any wheels: a remailer
client with a good user interface, a Mac-native remailer, and an
implementation of DC-nets. Mixmaster would, of course, address two of those
three. Lucky tells me that there is already a Mac implementation of
DC-nets, but it doesn't seem to be very well known.
My impression of the demographics of the conference was that it was folks
who are mostly working developers who aren't necessarily up-to-the minute
on crypto and ecommerce stuff, but are interested enough to at least think
about including it in their applications.
I'm pottering around with a Java-based remailer that acts like a POP client
so it can run on a client machine, not a Unix box; but other people should
take that as a challenge to see if they can finish one before/better than
me, not a reason to avoid writing one. Hal Finney has already done some
very nice work with Java and mailing; see his home page (the address of
which I don't have immediately at hand) for more details. For what it's worth, I think future remailer/Mixmaster development might do
well in Java. I'm not especially sold on or trusting of the alleged
security or trustability features of Java (sorry, no offense) but I *do*
think it's a neat tool for building non-machine specific network aware
applications. Ignore the fact that people use it to build silly animations
or that downloadaded applets may or may not be secure - it's still useful
as a development tool.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-25 13:53:18
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
They're administrative regulations. Legislative bodies (like Congress and
state legislatures) can delegate some of their legislative authority to
executive agencies (like the Forest Service or the State Dept) to make
rules which have the force of law. This is done because legislatures don't
have time to write all of the laws that bureaucrats think ought to be
written - so the legislature says "Fine, write your own damn laws."
Legislatures don't want to bother with deciding where you can build a fire
on federal lands or exactly how close you can fly to an airport if you're
not taking off or landing or what happens to undeliverable mail at the Post
Office. So legislatures give some of their lawmaking power to the agencies
that are in a position to see what needs to be regulated. The delegation of
power is limited by superior law (e.g., statutes written by the
legislature) and the regulatory duties of the agency (such that the Forest
Service can't write regs for the FAA, etc.) and by the grant of power itself.
This sounds like cops making up their own laws - and it is, but they have
to act like legislatures when they do it. This means that they must
(generally) publish proposed regs, accept comments, ignore them, and then
publish final regulations. Agencies can't change the regs on a daily or a
case-by-case basis, or change them without making the changes public. (But
"public" means "buried somewhere in the Federal Register".) And that's what the ITAR is - a body of administrative law developed by the
executive branch pursuant to a grant of power from Congress. (e.g., 22 USC
2778(a)(1), ". . . The President is authorized to designate those items
which shall be considered as defense articles and defense services for the
purposes of this section and to promulgate regulations for the import and
export of such articles and services. The items so designated shall
constitute the United States Munitions List.") It is subject to review by
the courts just like the product of Congress itself; and an agency can't do
something Congress can't do, like write an unconstitutional law.
(Which is not to say that I agree with the inclusion of crypto on the list,
or even the idea of "export controls", but I've seen the argument that
"ITAR is not a real law so none of this matters" float across the list a
few times and it's not realistic. Whether or not a given individual likes
the idea of administrative rulemaking, it's clear that the courts and the
government think that it's real, and will put people in jail for violating
administrative regs.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-25 16:34:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Clipper 3 spec release imminent 
According to a story posted to C|net tonight, the Clinton administration
will likely release the third Clipper/GAK proposal soon. The article
(available at  ) indicates:
"What the proposal specifies is still a matter of speculation, but an article today in the Daily Report for Executives quotes unnamed U.S.
officials saying the plan will raise the ceiling on encryption export
controls, institute a key-escrow system, and give the Commerce Department
authority to grant export licenses. If the report is correct, the two big surprises are a new 56-bit limit key
length, with export of anything higher subject to key escrow, and the
authorizing of the Justice Department--most likely the Federal Bureau of
Investigation--to reject any applications for export licenses."
There's a sidebar to the story with several other crypto-related stories,
mentioning ProCODE and last Friday's hearing in the Bernstein case.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-28 18:11:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: "Confessing to a felony" 
I mostly agree re the "corpus delicti" rule (a confession must be
corroborated by independent evidence that a crime has been committed,
common law federally, statutory in Oregon (ORS 136.425(1)) but disagree
with your use of "hearsay" - statements of a defendant in a criminal
proceeding are not hearsay because they're the statements of a party
opponent. (In federal court and in Oregon, anyway - in California they're
hearsay but admissible as an exception. FRE 801(d)(2), ORE 801(4)(b), Cal
Evid Code 1220.)  This quote from _US v. Singleterry_ (CA1, 1994) (sorry no F2 cite, found it
on a net database of slip opinions) does a nice job of addressing the
question at hand:
"To begin with, we note that a defendant's own statements are never
considered to be hearsay when offered by the government; they are treated
as admissions, competent as evidence of guilt without any special guarantee
of their trustworthiness. See Fed. R. Evid. 801(d)(2) & advisory
committee's note; see also United States v. Barletta, 652 F.2d 218, 219
(1st Cir. 1981). Nevertheless, there is a danger that the jury will rush to
credit a confession without seriously considering whether the defendant
confessed to a crime he did not commit. As a result, the federal courts
have adopted common law rules designed to prevent a jury from convicting
the defendant solely on the basis of an untrustworthy confession. The
general rule is that a jury cannot rely on an extrajudicial, post-offense
confession, even when voluntary, in the absence of "substantial independent
evidence which would tend to establish the trustworthiness of [the]
statement." Opper v. United States, 348 U.S. 84, 93 (1954). See also Smith
v. United States, 348
U.S. 147 (1954); Warszower v. United States, 312 U.S. 342 (1941); United
States v. O'Connell, 703 F.2d 645 (1st Cir. 1983). The Court has explained
that independent proof of the commission of the charged offense is not the
only means of establishing the trustworthiness of the defendant's
confession; another "available mode of corroboration is for the independent
evidence to bolster the confession itself and thereby prove the offense
`through' the statements of the accused." Smith, 348 U.S. at 156."
(footnotes omitted)
I think the question of what *would* constitute the corpus delicti is
interesting; the mere presence of PGP overseas shouldn't be enough. And
evidence like PGP's presence on a laptop which had once been overseas, or
airline ticket stubs or passport stamps or testimony from a security
officer who remembered making the defendant turn on the laptop at the metal
detector, or even surveillance camera footage would corroborate the
defendant's confession but not establish that a crime was committed. Such
evidence would seem to get us closer to the latter test mentioned in
_Singleterry_ but wouldn't meet Oregon's test of "some other proof that the
crime has been committed" (ORS 136.425) nor California's "the charged crime
actually happened" (People v. Jennings (1991) 53 Cal.3d 334, 368) standard.
But an ITAR prosecution would occur in Federal court, where evidence which
merely corroborates the confession (instead of proving a crime) may be
sufficient. (And, of course, this is all just so much jawboning. Not legal advice.
I'm inclined to avoid confessing to crimes via the Internet whether or not
it seems likely to lead to prosecution or conviction. I've already been to
one job interview where the employer had seen (and was unnerved) by my
vocal presence on the net.(!?!) Which is OK with me because if I make
someone nervous when they read Alta Vista, just wait until they meet me. :)
It's time to get used to the idea that whatever we write may come back in
20 or 30 or 40 years, whether we like it or not. I think it'll teach us
both a sense of forgiveness and a sense of discretion, but that may take
awhile.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-09-30 17:34:41
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: What about making re-mailers automatically chain? 
No. The remailer user should be presumed to know what s/he wants. Some
remailer users may want to optimize for speed and certainty of delivery and
therefore use a short chain; other users may want to optimize for more
difficult traceability, and consequently choose a long chain. Remailers
shouldn't try to rewrite the user's (perhaps) deliberate balancing of these
Also, users may choose to use or not use certain remailers based upon their
policies, the reputation of the operators, the legal rules affecting the
operators, and so forth. These choices should also be left to the user and
not overridden by third parties. I don't see why this is useful. As things work now, only the sender knows
the path, assuming chaining and nesting encryption. How does taking away
the sender's knowledge add security?
Adding hops to the chain requires that remailers keep track of other
remailers; a robust way of doing this would require that they also keep
track of reliability, because deciding to add a downed (or unreliable)
remailer to a chain would be harmful. To prevent an active and hostile
eavesdropper from adding itself as a remailer eligible to receive extra
hops (and then dropping or logging the traffic), this remailer status
information should be provided by a trusted source in a secure manner.
All of this (adding remailer status tracking based on frequent updates of
digitally signed information from a trusted third party) can be done, but
it's a pain in the ass to code, and it doesn't add anything that users
can't get for themselves. (Users who want long difficult-to-trace chains
can already generate them. They can also let software generate random
chains at the source.) It also may degrade performance for users who value
speed and reliability over untraceability.
So I suggest that it's not very useful. The best way to implement this
would be to modify remailers to use "Anon-To: random" or "Random-To:
xxx header commands, such that users who desired the random hop
behavior could get it, but users who didn't want it wouldn't get it
unexpectedly. (Isn't some remailer doing this already? I've lost track.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-01 20:37:41
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: What about making re-mailers automatically chain? 
Removing knowledge of the path from the sender is a plus.  This prevents
anyone, even the sender, from being able to give up any useful info even if
under court order.
Why is information about the path useful (or harmful) once the sender is
identified? Once the sender is identified, if they're subject to
questioning, they can be asked to identify the destination of the
message(s). Introducing indeterminacy into the middle of the route won't
prevent them from answering questions about the other endpoint.   Adding "random" traffic is helpful 'cause many people (including myself)
use pre-fab anon scripts and therefore use the same anon paths all the time
(I should stop that).  This opens those messages up to some analysis and
the possibility of the sender being revealed.
Now I see why you want this. Isn't this the sort of feature which should be
added to client software, not remailers? That way, all clients can get as
much or as little security as they need.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-02 18:03:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Civil rights and double jeopardy 
The protection against double jeopardy is constitutionally based and
cannot be modified by statute, e.g., the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
The various civil rights acts, movements, and statutes did not make
Congress nor the executive adopt a loophole around the double jeopardy
protections; the loophole existed considerably prior to then. The double
jeopardy clause is interpreted (and has been since at least 1922) so that
it only bars multiple prosecutions (or punishments) by the same sovereign.
 ". . an act
denounced by both national and state sovereignties is an offense against
the peace and dignity of both and may be prosecuted and punished by each."
Where an act violates both federal and state law, both the federal and
state governments think they get an opportunity to prosecute. Thus, racial
violence or murder which violates state assault or homicide laws gets a
state prosecution; and where it also violates federal civil rights laws (18
USC 241 or 242) it is also prosecutable federally. Ditto for many drug
crimes. An act which does not violate federal law (say, jaywalking) cannot
be prosecuted federally; this limits the situations where multiple
sovereigns can lead to multiple prosecutions. (but with Congress expanding
federal criminal law ...) (There's an exception to the dual sovereignty exception to the double
jeopardy clause, the "Bartkus exception", where the second prosecution is a
sham or a fake undertaken to serve the interests of the first sovereign;
but it's very hard to win a _Bartkus_ argument. Stacy Koon (one of the cops
convicted for the beating of Rodney King) tried to argue Bartkus and lost.)
Sorry for wandering off into legalpunks land but it's simply not the case
that the civil rights movement caused the erosion of the double jeopardy
clause, or that there's a magic "civil rights exception". Dual-sovereign
double jeopardy is alive & well in drug prosecutions today. Civil rights
just gets all of the press. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-02 17:50:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
I think you're talking about the definition of "export", located at 22 CFR
     "Export means, for purposes of this subchapter:
      (a) Sending or taking defense articles out of the United States
    in any manner; or
      (b) Transferring registration or control to a foreign person of
    any aircraft, vessel, or satellite on the United States Munitions
    List, whether in the United States or abroad; or
      (c) Sending or taking technical data outside of the United States
    in any manner except by mere travel outside of the United States by
    a person whose personal knowledge includes technical data; or
      (d) Disclosing or transferring technical data to a foreign
    person, whether in the United States or abroad; or
      (e) The performance of a defense service on behalf of, or for the
    benefit of, a foreign person, whether in the United States or
    abroad.
*   A launch vehicle or payload shall not, by reason of the launching
*   of such vehicle, be considered an export for purposes of this
*   subchapter.  Most of the requirements of this subchapter relate
    only to exports, as defined above.  However, for certain limited
    purposes, the controls of this subchapter apply to sales and other
    transfers of defense articles and defense services (see, e.g., Sec.
    126.1) of this subchapter."
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-03 13:11:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
^^^^^^
but upon closer inspection it looks like the House of Representatives'
WWW-accessible version that I looked it up in is out of date. (geez.)
The more current version is located at 22 CFR 120.17; there are some
wording changes in the definition of export but the exemption for launch
vehicles and payloads is unchanged. ("(6) A launch vehicle or payload shall
not, by reason of the launching of such vehicle, be considered an export
for purposes of this subchapter.")
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-04 19:19:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
Yow. The "if we put it in a rocket it's exportable" interpretation made me
think twice before posting the text of that definition, because it's
seductive and wrong. I posted it because it's amusing to think about and
because we all had a good laugh about it at the Mac crypto conference; but
I'd feel like a jerk if someone got themselves in a lot of trouble with an
enthusiastic misreading of that sentence out of pages and pages of
regulations (plus quite a few more pages of opinions interpreting those
regulations). If you think you've found an enormous loophole in a regulation which has
been around for 15-20 years, you should double-check your research and get
a good nights' sleep. Law is like science this way - if you think you have
found room-temperature fusion you should stop and check your work. It's
much more likely that you're not reading carefully or you've missed something.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-05 12:27:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Re: ITAR satellite provision 
As I read the regs, it's not an export at the moment it's launched, but
it's almost certainly an export when it reaches Mexican airspace or when it
touches Mexican soil.
The "rocket exception" is not useful vis-a-vis crypto. Period. I'm very
sorry I ever had anything to do with this thread and I'm not posting about
it again. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-06 07:31:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I see. Wiretaps have been litigated for 70 years, but the reason they're
still Constitutional is that nobody's pointed out to a court the absence of
the "Anything the government can get away with" clause. Good thing you
found that. Are there any other secret missing clauses which render other
things unconstitutional which you haven't mentioned yet? Then please explain what the Supreme Court was doing some 40 years prior to
1968, in _Olmstead v. US_ 277 U.S. 438 (1928), where the product of a
wiretap was held to be admissible because without a physical trespass there
was no Fourth amendment violation. (This is no longer good law.) Have you ever even driven past a law library? There's a difference between understanding the status quo and liking it.
But making up your own interpretation of the Constitution and then just
repeating it over and over is not legal argument and doesn't win cases.
It's malpractice; and if you do it on your own behalf it's just sad to
watch. Making up your own rules is a nice philosophical exercise (and you
could probably make some money if you printed out all of your weird
conjectures and sold them to the same militia goofballs who get excited
about yellow-fringed admiralty flags and "Comptrollers' Warrants" and all
of that bullshit) but it's not useful if you want to deal with people in
the real world. It doesn't really matter if there's a secret reason why the
US Government is actually a bankrupt religious for-profit corporation
organized by FDR and income taxes go straight to the Grey Aliens and
wiretaps weren't "legal" until 1968; the legal system pretends that that's
not true, and soldiers on regardless. You can choose to understand the
legal system, or not. I think it's less dangerous to me if I understand it.
This doesn't mean I like what it does, or that I think what it does is
morally correct or consistent with the way I'd read the Constitution. But
active misunderstanding can be dangerous when you're dealing with a system
that can and will take all of your stuff away or put you in prison or kill
An attorney practicing in the era of Dred Scott or Plessy v. Ferguson would
do his or her clients a serious disservice to fail to tell them what the
status quo was. Being honest and realistic is much kinder and more
responsible than being optimistic to the point of dishonesty. You clearly
have no qualms about simply making up your own version of the law and
suggesting that it's got a chance of being adopted in court. Would you want
an attorney who did that, or would you like an attorney who gave you an
honest assessment of what courts were likely to do with your argument(s)
and fact(s)? I don't want an attorney who will lie to me or help me tilt at
windmills without telling me that I'm tilting at windmills. And I don't
want an attorney who tells me "all wiretaps are unconstitutional" if
wiretap evidence can be and will be admissible.
Every few weeks there's someone on the list (whose name escapes me) that
pops up and tweaks Tim with the notion that there's no such thing as
"negative reputation", e.g., that there's no person who says things that
are consistently false. As far as I can tell, your comments about the legal
system are the proof that Tim's critic is wrong. It's really not possible
to simply make up your own version of how law ought to work, because law is
about a shared body of rules & interpretations & expectations. If you are
not sharing in the way other people do it, you are not doing law. You are
doing philosophy or navel-gazing or something else which may be very
honorable and right and good but it isn't law. I suspect there hasn't been one because it's not required under the way the
Constitution is and has been interpreted. Here's a tip: if you think of a
way to interpret the Constitution that would make law enforcement not
merely less efficient but effectively impossible, your interpretation will
not be adopted, and therefore is not useful. It might or might not be
theoretically elegant or logically attractive, it will not be adopted. So
stop thinking about it. I agree with you, but your chances are better if you don't act like a loon.
Hey, you got something right. Go back to wherever you got this from and
read it some more.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-07 07:35:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
Congress doesn't need to explicitly approve the use of new investigatory
tools or techniques. Do you think that cops needed special legislation
before they could use cars, or telephones, or helicopters, or cameras, or
fancier guns, or ..? Also, Congress is not the only legislature to think about - the individual
states can (and have) developed their own statutes relating to wiretaps,
law enforcement use of wiretaps, and so forth. (See, e.g. Cal. Penal Code
s. 630 et seq, Oregon Revised Stats. s. 165.540 et seq) Also, Congress' intent when it passed Title III in 1968 was not to
"legalize" wiretapping but to standardize it. I quote from Pub.L. 90-351
    "On the basis of its own investigations and of published studies,
It took me less than ten minutes to find that. You could have taken that
ten minutes instead. It's abundantly clear that you don't give a shit about
the accuracy of what you write. If you're making things up or speculating,
you could at least say something like "I think Congress was probably acting
to legalize previously illegal wiretaps in 1968", so that it's clear that
you're writing on the basis of speculation, not research. It'd also be nice
if you'd add some sort of indication that you're posting about your own
secret version of the law instead of the one that's used in courtrooms, but
I'm going to go ahead and assume that the former is what you mean in the
future.  As a matter of Constitutional interpretation, the Supreme Court cannot be
"wrong". You and I can disagree with them, but their interpretation is the
magic one that trumps ours in court. If we're going to try to organize our
lives around a body of writings (e.g., laws) it's not useful for everyone
to make up their own meanings for the laws because if we're all following
different laws, that's more or less the same as having no law at all.
Somebody's interpretation has to be the "right" one; and the United States
is organized and has evolved such that the Supreme Court's is the right one. I think it's reasonable for you to say that you don't want to play that
game, but I don't see why you need to pretend that your failure to play the
game has anything to do with law or legal reasoning. If what you want is anarchy (and as I understand things, you're arguing
that people should live by their own interpretation of what's right and
wrong, and should kill people who disagree with them, which seems like a
fair although unnecessarily dismal view of anarchy), there's no point in
arguing about the Constitution. It's not inadvertent - I meant what I said. The Constitution is a document
for organizing a government. If you're going to interpret it into such a
pretzel-like format that it no longer describes a functional government,
it's much more sensible to just say "I don't want to have a government". If
you do want to have a government, interpretations which prevent it aren't
useful. Your hypothetical "conflict of interest" problem seems beside the point; I
don't see how the "can government ever be legitimate?" or "can the
government exist?" or "can the government act to enforce the laws?" sort of
questions which would create a conflict would ever really be up for debate.
There's simply no meaningful argument that the Constitution was intended to
do anything but create a government; and it envisions that the executive
branch will enforce laws that the legislature chooses to enact.
Again, there are certainly other ways to organize human behavior and human
societies. But they don't need to have anything to do with the Constitution. In particular, I don't see any reason to try to make anarchy and the
Constitution compatible in some perverted logical universe. Sorry. I skipped a step. I see no meaningful distinction between wiretaps
and other searches & seizures. The rule you want to apply to wiretaps
should, if it's a good rule, be applied to all searches & seizures. There's
nothing special about phone calls.
If we're going to give people notice & an opportunity to be heard before
even preliminary steps are taken in a criminal proceeding, very few
prosecutions will get off the ground. (We can either leave people free
pending decisions about searches & arrests, in which case they've got
reason & an opportunity to make themselves scarce or destroy evidence; or
we can lock them up and seize their houses while arguing about
search/arrest warrants, which is also a problem because most of the
evidence about guilt or innocence isn't available yet .. so you're holding
people & property with very little evidence of wrongdoing. And that's not
constitutional or good.)
Also, the premises of your argument were known at the time the Fourth
Amendment was written & adopted. I think that if the writers & adopters had
meant for there to be a pre-search hearing for the target of the search,
they'd have said so.
You and Detweiler seem to be missing the distinction between what's
constitutional and what's useful or possible. I believe that wiretaps are
constitutional (assuming the cops jump through all the right hoops). I
believe that laws which force me to use wiretappable phones in my home or
business are unconstitutional. If many people use unwiretappable phones
then wiretaps will become obsolete. But they will still be constitutional
in their obsolescence. These two approaches "wiretaps are not allowed" and
"wiretaps are allowed but citizens are able to make them ineffective" do
reach a similar result (very few or no wiretaps) but the approach used to
reach the result is meaningfully different. In particular, the second
approach doesn't require a reorganization of search & seizure law. Such a
reorganization is unlikely to occur.
Your arguments are only "highly embarrassing" to someone who identifies
with the legal system only in that they have enough buzzwords and are
internally consistent (even if based upon fantasy) enough that people with
no meaningful contact with the legal system might mistake you for someone
familiar with it. Depends on your perspective.
As this is really no longer even tangentially related to technology or
privacy, I won't post further about it (absent a renewed connection to
technology or privacy, which I don't anticipate). Jim, you and anyone else
who wants it are welcome to the "last word". Please don't interpret my
failure to respond as agreement or endorsement of anything beyond an
attempt to get the list back closer to being on-topic. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-07 10:06:47
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
I wrote something which you might be confusing for this argument; in case
this is what you mean, I've reproduced it below:
[originally sent on 9/18/96]
something >from me, where I can delay disclosure until I've exhausted my
legal avenues >to challenge disclosure, and the government demanding data
from an >disinterested third party who cares not at all if I get my
day in court >before they disclose. With the second scenario, I'm forced to
try to >"unring the bell", and somehow limit the spread of otherwise
Congress >and Supreme Court, there's probably precious little chance that
keys >disclosed prematurely or erroneously won't be used to collect
evidence >which will be admissible despite the lack of meaningful
opportunity to >challenge the "recovery" of a key.
Also, there is an important difference between making a policy argument or
expressing a preference, e.g.:
"I like having a choice between disclosing information which is requested
and suffering the penalties for contempt of court"
and an argument about the constitution:
"The constitution says I must be given a choice between disclosing and
contempt." I don't remember seeing any examples of the latter come across the list. As
I remember things, the context of my statement above was a discussion of
why third-party key escrow is not the same as self-escrow. It's rarely quoted here because it is unremarkable; just as the list is not
a place for basic crypto education, it is not a place for basic legal
education. It's difficult to come up with a good summary of legal issues or
subjects which is readable by lay people and short and accurate (esp. given
that it will be interpreted by lay people in potentially 51 domestic
jurisdictions, plus foreign folks).
Good, fast, cheap, pick any two. As Brian Davis and Uni have pointed out, people who keep current enough on
legal topics to be able to give you a good answer will probably want to get
paid for doing so. Saying "here's a legal argument that I made up in the
shower. what do you guys think of it?" and expecting a detailed explanation
of why it's good or bad is the same as saying "here's my new crypto
algorithm that I thought of in the shower, what do you guys think of it?". Merely asking the question "Is there case law on wiretaps?" suggests that
an answer which includes references will be wasted on you. It will probably
be wasted because your level of interest doesn't seem to have spurred you
to darken the doorstep of a library or bookstore yet; so an answer which
requires you to do so seems unhelpful. It will also probably be wasted
because if you don't already know that there's caselaw about it you
probably don't have enough legal background to place whatever new
information you might get from those references in a useful conceptual
framework. But perhaps my speculation is wrong and you are prepared to follow up
meaningfully on references, so ..
Go to a law library or larger general library and ask the librarian to show
you where the annotated copy of 18 USC 2510 is. Read the statute. Read the
legislative history. Read the annotations. Read the cases which were
annotated. Repeat this process until you reach 18 USC 2709 or die of boredom.
Ask the librarian to help you find LaFave's treatises on search & seizure.
Read them.
(The answer to most of the "how do I find out about 'X'?" questions is to
make friends with a librarian who doesn't mind helping you out, just like
with research questions in other fields you may not be familiar with. But
surely it's not possible to get much beyond the age of 12 or so and not
know that ..?)
Try "Understanding Criminal Procedure" by Dressler (Matthew Bender, 1991),
and "Criminal Law" by LaFave & Scott (West). (For extra credit, ask for the USCA/USCS annotated copy of the Fourth
Amendment, and read those annotations and cases.)
If there's a law school near you, you might go to the school's bookstore
and look for books in the "Nutshell" series, or the "Emanuel's" series, or
the hardbound hornbooks. These books are mostly used by law students to get
an overview of a particular area of the law. They are not especially
detailed nor up-to-the-minute current but usually aren't totally wrong.
They also don't usually touch on a particular state's law, but discuss
either federal law or an amalgam of state law, so they aren't good for
solving a particular concrete problem. But they will help you figure out
that, e.g., wiretaps have been legal for at least 60-70 years.
Now that you've got some references to work with, please write back and
tell us what you learned. (Dorothy Denning & others have written a summary of wiretap procedure which
I don't have time/energy to check for correctness - but it's at . EFF and CPSR both seem to have some wiretap/privacy
materials available.)
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-08 12:31:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: You can be forced to turn over your encryption keys? 
As Tim notes, this has been discussed several times. You might take a look at:
Greg S. Sergienko, Self Incrimination and Cryptographic Keys, 2 RICH. J.L.
& TECH. 1 (1996), . Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-08 14:09:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: legality of wiretapping: a "key" distinction 
This sounds like a very reasonable proposal. But please don't take a lack
of response to your speculation as an endorsement of your idea, or a
suggestion that it's got even the teeniest shred of merit. I understood you
to be suggesting that because nobody's shown to your satisfaction that it's
meritless, you've somehow stumbled across something important. This response illustrates precisely why Uni was reasonable in declining to
give you references. If you're not willing to look up your own crackpot
ideas, you certainly shouldn't imagine that someone else is. (But here's a
hint - if you read the statutes, you might discover that some notification
to the target of a wiretap is required, although not prior to installation.)
You can no more meaningfully discuss law without learning about it than you
can discuss cryptography or biology or philosophy or any other area of
human scholarship and knowledge.
I think it would be a positive change were the law reworked so that it was
more accessible to lay people, and so that the practice of law were not
such a specialized field. But please note that I talk about that as a
*change*, that is to say, different from how it is today.
You can, if you want, try to work on similar questions in parallel with
established institutions - probably all fields have a group of rogue
scholars or dissidents who believe nonstandard things, adopt nonstandard
methodologies, etc. Sometimes they turn out to be right, sometimes not.
This dynamic exists with law - e.g., what I'd call "Militia Law" (I think
they call it "Common Law" but I'm not sure). Jim Bell seems to be working
on a similar track - starting with original documents and deriving his own
interpretations, rules for statutory construction, and so forth. Perhaps
history will smile on Jim or the militia/common-law folks. Perhaps not.
But crossover is not possible (as should be clear from the past few days'
discussions). Arguments from one school of thought are not useful in the
other because the premises are different, and sometimes contradictory. I
think that it's interesting and good that people are working on their own
theories of law apart from the traditional institutional ones. But I think
it's sad when they try to use their theories (which I think are best
understood as the laws of a foreign, albeit imaginary, nation) in
contemporary state & federal courts. See  for a big list of
cases where people with their own versions of the law got spanked in
traditional courtrooms. I think it's a shame when people excited about
their own legal theories get innocent third parties roped into these
peculiar scams. (Then again, there's the argument that this is evolution in
So that's a long way of saying "plonk." I don't think it's productive for
me to try to keep track of multiple versions of the constitution; and I've
settled on the one that's used today in court as the one I'm going to pay
attention to. I don't get the impression that you care about how things
actually work; you seem much more interested in making some baroque
rhetorical point about how all cypherpunks are evil. (In particular, I'm
suspicious that you think wiretaps are unconstitutional yet it's evil to
try to avoid them with crypto. I think you want someone to write you
several pages' worth of memorandum about how wiretaps are legal, so that
you can cleverly turn around and argue that defeating something which turns
out to be so clearly legal must, in fact, be wrong. And I think you take
that position simply to be contrary.)
If you are truly interested in the legal questions around notice to
subjects and Title III wiretaps, see LaFave & Israel, "Criminal Procedure"
(West). It's got quite a few pages of discussion about Title III. I'm not
going to summarize it here because my copy is old enough that I don't know
if the research behind it is still current, and I'm not in the mood to do
free research for people who will ignore my results. But I'm willing to bet
that you'll never look it up anyway. The EFF's failure to work on your little project seems like it might be
caused by:
1.	a conclusion that it's not a viable argument, and hence a waste of
2.	a conclusion that the constitutionality of wiretaps isn't specialized
enough that they should concentrate on it, they can leave that argument to
well-funded defense attorneys for Mafia/drug clients, who deal with wiretap
evidence frequently
3.	lack of a good case to raise it with
My guess is it's mostly (1), though (2) and (3) might be enough to make it
uninteresting even if (1) wasn't true. But I don't know poo about how or
why EFF decides which issues to work on. Are you even a member? Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-11 14:02:01
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
According to a 10/10/96 press release, the Software Publishers Association
has files copyright infringement suits against three ISP's and two
individual users. The three ISP's were Community Connexion of Oakland,
GeoCities of Beverly Hills, and Tripod of Williamstown, Mass. The two users
sued were apparently customers of other ISP's who turned over their names &
contact information to the SPA.
The press release, located at
, indicates:
"Piracy has taken many forms on the Internet. These include making
unauthorized copies of software available for download, the posting of
serial numbers, cracker and hacker utilities and links to pirate FTP sites.
Although many believe piracy is limited to "warez" or illegal copies of
software, it extends beyond that narrow definition. Under the law, anyone
who knows -- or should have known -- of the infringement and who
assists, encourages or induces the infringement is liable for indirect
infringement. In each of the actions SPA filed, at least two of the above
infringements were present. "
The SPA has apparently adopted two relatively aggressive litigation
strategies - putting ISP's in the position of disclosing otherwise
confidential customer information or being sued themselves, and treating
peripheral data about copyrighted works like copyrighted works themselves
(e.g., serial numbers). Particularly interesting is that they seem to be
claiming that a *link* to a pirate FTP site is itself infringing
(potentially contributory infringement).
(My comments above are made solely from reading the press release.)
It's inappropriate to expect Sameer or any other C2
employee/agent/representative to discuss the suit before they've had a
chance to find and meet with an attorney; in some circumstances it might
never be prudent for them to make a public statement about the suit. But it
certainly couldn't hurt for people who've thought about signing up with C2
to do so now as a show of support, nor for existing users to renew their
service early.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-12 12:47:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
After considering everything carefully, yeah, it's probably good to make a
strong statement disputing the essentials of the suit. But given the
counterintuitive nature of contributory infringement, it's also probably
good to think carefully about what to say, when. I wasn't trying to tell
Sameer what to do - just trying to make it clear that it's normal for him
to take a few days or longer to say anything. I'm sure the SPA's press
release was cleared by their legal people - it was probably prepared before
the suits were even filed. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-13 03:24:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
We're not talking about a crime here, but a civil action. There is a
doctrine in copyright law called contributory infringement, whereby a party
who intentionally helps another party infringe on a third party's copyright
can be held liable as a contributory infringer.
In the Ninth Circuit, the standard for contributory infringement is "[o]ne
who, with knowledge of the infringing activity, induces, causes, or
materially contributes to the infringing conduct of another, may be held
liable as a 'contributory' infringer". _Fonovisa v. Cherry Auction_ 96
C.D.O.S. 517 (CA9, 1996) , citing
to _Universal City Studios v. Sony Corp_, 659 F.2d 963, 975 (CA9, 1981),
rev'd on other grounds 464 U.S. 417 (1984), adopting the standard from
_Gershwin Publishing v. Columbia Artists_ 443 F.2d 1159 (CA2, 1971).
California is within the Ninth Circuit; I presume that the suit against C2
was filed in California (probably Oakland), but I might be wrong.
Yes, this is the basic thrust of contributory infringement liability - that
the defendant had an important part to play in the fact that infringement
took place, without being the direct infringer. Contributory infringement
(and its kissing cousin, vicarious infringement, whereby a person under the
defendant's control infringes to the benefit of the defendant) are
supported by precedent and have been for several years.
For example:
_Fonovisa v. Cherry Auction_, supra, where defendant swap meet operator
leased space to vendors who sold illegitimate copies of musical works, and
defendant was aware that those sales were taking place, plaintiffs had
stated a claim for contributory infringement sufficient to survive
Fed.Rul.Civ.Pro 12(b)(6) motion. _Sega v. Maphia_ 857 F.Supp. 679 (N.D.Cal. 1994), where defendant BBS
sysops' role in "copying, including provision of facilities, direction,
knowledge and encouragement" was sufficient to establish a prima facie case
of contributory infringement;
_ITSI TV Productions v. Cal. Auth. of Racing Fairs_ 785 F.Supp. 854
(E.D.Cal. 1992), finding no domestic contributory infringement where
plaintiff had no evidence of defendant's mental state or knowledge with
respect to direct infringements allegedly facilitated in Mexico, and hence
no subject matter jurisdiction;
_Demetriades v. Kaufmann_ 690 F.Supp. 289 (S.D.N.Y. 1988), adopting the
_Gershwin_ standard, indicating ".. just as benefit and control are the
signposts of vicarious liability, so are knowledge and participation the
touchstones of contributory infringement", rejecting a theory of
contributory infringement against defendants who only made two phone calls
to ask about copying of architectural plans and did not provide the means
or facilities for the actual copying;
_Gershwin Publishing v. Columbia Artists Management_ 443 F.2d 1159 (CA2,
1971), finding contributory infringement where concert promoter generated
demand for concerts, collected fees from performers who foreseeably
performed copyrighted works without license, and collected payments from
independent organizations it created to produce those shows;  The famous (well, sort of :) _Universal City Studios v. Sony_ case where
the Supreme Court ruled that "time-shifting" videotaping of TV shows was
not an infringement was based on a contributory infringement theory. It
would have been impractical for Universal City Studios to find and sue
individuals who taped occasional TV shows for later viewing; so instead
they went after someone worth suing, the people who made the VCRs. The language in the SPA's press release -
"Piracy has taken many forms on the Internet. These include making
unauthorized copies of software available for download, the posting of
serial numbers, cracker and hacker utilities and links to pirate FTP sites.
Although many believe piracy is limited to "warez" or illegal copies of
software, it extends beyond that narrow definition. Under the law, anyone
who knows -- or should have known -- of the infringement and who assists,
encourages or induces the infringement is liable for indirect infringement.
In each of the actions SPA filed, at least two of the above infringements
were present."
seems to imply that they may be thinking of contributory contributory
infringement - e.g., if (directly) distributing serial numbers or cracking
software is contributory infringement*, materially contributing to that
material contribution is also infringement. But this seems awfully
attenuated from the actual harm. (I don't see much controversy about the
idea that putting copyright-protected software up for FTP without the
copyright holder's permission is illegitimate; and the notion that merely
providing a link to someone else's site is infringement (or even a
"material contribution") seems to go much too far. Is a link to a site
which links to a site which infringes an infringement? How many links is
enough to escape liability? How many links are there between any two web
pages, cf. "six degrees of separation"? :)   * (because it "materially contributes" to the creation of an unauthorized
copy, since the copy of a program being executed in RAM is distinct from an
on-disk copy and without cracking software or serial numbers there will be
no RAM copy and potentially no initial infringement. _MAI v. Peak_ 991 F.2d
511, 518 (CA9, 1993) cert dismissed 114 S.Ct. 671 (1994) and _Triad Systems
v. Southeastern Express_ 95 Daily Journal D.A.R. 11821, 95 CDOS 6890
(August 31, 1995), also see  for my
own crankiness about _Triad_) It looks to me like they're trying to achieve results through fear and
intimidation that they can't reach via persuasion; e.g., they are trying to
create a climate where ISP's turn over user information without a fuss
because they don't want to be sued themselves; and where users (and home
page "publishers" or authors) are afraid to even discuss infringement, or
do anything even close to the conceptual lines between fair use,
noncommercial alterations of works (a la _Galoob v. Nintendo_ 964 F.2d 965
(CA9, 1992), where defendants' marketed a "Game Genie" which altered the
play of Nintendo cartridges used in concert with it, held to be
noninfringing), and infringement. There are some situations where "cracker" software cannot be characterized
as inherently illegitimate - many people may want to disable copy
protection on software they've legitimately purchased (or "licensed", if
that's your view on the shrink wrap question) because it's annoying or
incompatible with their hardware configuration. A person with a legitimate
copy of software on CD-ROM may want to use it on their non-CD capable
laptop, or use it over a nonstandard network. For example, my legitimate
copy of Warcraft II won't run unless it sees its parent CD in my CD-ROM
drive; which means I can't start a music CD of my choice in the CD-ROM
drive and then run my legal copy of Warcraft. (But I probably should be
working anyway.)  Assuming the user is otherwise playing nicely (e.g., one
license per user, blah blah blah) there's no reason to think that disabling
copy protection is somehow illegitimate. But it's getting late. More tomorrow. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-14 14:40:30
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Service pays users (sort of) to read commercial e-mail 
for E-mail, and/or systems where advertisers pay users to read their
messages. Someone seems to have set up a system like that. It's at
. They seem to be using voter registration as an
is-a-real-person credential. (Their idea seems to be that they'll charge
commercial (paper) mailers less than it costs to print & mail junk mail,
deliver it (and some of the $) to users, and keep the remainder of the $
themselves. They seem to be sensitive about "reading things you're not
really interested in", which strikes me as amusing, given all of the crap
that people seem to mail me without special regard for whether or not it's
interesting. Advertisers seem happy enough to spend $.40 to mail me their
stuff, so what's the harm in spending $.30 where I get $.10 of it,
regardless of whether or not I ignore it as quickly as I do paper junk
mail? They're saving $.10, and I'm making $.10, and we're not wasting
paper. Who's being harmed? As I read their terms & conditions, they don't start paying you until Dec
1997, and you need to accumulate $100 worth of credit to get paid. Also, it
only seems to be interested in people from California at the moment.
(perhaps that's the only state they've got voter info on so far.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-15 21:16:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Crypto: Systems & Application Developers Wanted 
Uninformed? It's right in their name: SPY-R-US. Just don't tell Toys 'R Us,
they've been on a trademark litigation jag lately. (but it might save everyone some time if they added "Not concerned about
the long-term effect your work has on the quality of human life & freedom"
to the list of qualifications required.)
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-17 13:34:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ITAR/real law, copyright 
Sorry for the rushed character of this note - am working on another project
which is eating up my available time. I just wanted to respond because I
think Tim and Marshall are talking about different ends of the same process.
As I understand the export-license process, there are multiple steps:
1. Commodity jurisdiction request: State Dept decides if ITAR controls the
export of the item (e.g., is it a "defense article" or a "defense service"
or "technical data", and not public domain, etc.)? 2. If ITAR does control the export, the State Dept decides (based on the
characteristics of the item and the identity/location of the foreign
recipient and the opinion(s) of other agencies consulted) whether or not to
allow the export. The fact that these steps must be taken (and the general procedure for
doing so) is a product of the Arms Export Control Act (passed by Congress,
at 22 USC 2778 and thereabouts) and the ITARs (22 CFR 120 et seq),
administrative regulations promulgated by the Dept of State. (To change the
ITARs themselves, State Dept must publish notice of the proposed changes
and solicit public comments, as well as make the final regs public in the
CFRs and via the Federal Register). So the ITARs are "real laws", at least
as real as any others.
But the process by which these steps (deciding what will be a "munition",
deciding whether or not a particular item is within one of those defined as
munitions, deciding whether or not to allow an export) are taken involves
policy choices whose motives and processes are not entirely clear, and
which can be (and are) changed by the executive branch without notice or
opportunity to comment. What I'm thinking of here are the rules like
"40-bit RC4 is OK" and "3DES is never OK" and "56-bit DES with GAK is OK"
and "disk bad, OCR text OK" which we're discovering through trial & error
but are not, to my knowledge, part of the ITARs or elsewhere in the CFR or
the USC. Also, Dept of State's decisions about individual exports and items
are not subject to judicial review, by 22 USC 2778(h), an interpretation
which is being challenged in the appeal in _Karn_. Interested readers might
take a look at the district court's opinion in _Karn_ at
 and Stewart Baker's analysis of it
at  .
I think my understanding of the ITAR process is mediocre at best, I
certainly welcome correction or clarification, although Jim Bell's
predictable and wholly incorrect assertion that administrative regs only
apply to government employees would be funny but for the fact that I know
ordinary people (not government employees) who have been convicted of
violating federal admin regs and the fines they paid (or are still paying),
jail time spent, etc were all too real. My summary of admin law is
deliberately vague because frankly admin law isn't my strong suit. Perhaps
another list member with a superior understanding will fill in the gaps in
my summaries. Also, Sean Sutherland wrote to ask (re the SPA's position on copyright
any I sent a long message to the list a few days ago (Sunday?) discussing
contributory infringement. The short version of the message is "Yes,
contributory infringement is valid, but not necessarily in this particular
case". And ditto for vicarious liability, although I think vicarious
liability isn't even plausibly arguable. They are neither novel nor
especially remarkable facets of copyright law, although as Sean notes they
do not have explicit textual support in the Copyright act. Vicarious
liability is an extension of the legal doctrine of "respondeat superior",
e.g., an employer/principal is liable for the actions of an employee/agent
for actions taken within the scope of employment/agency. Contributory
infringement is an extension of the principles of enterprise liability,
where (very generally) people who undertake a common purpose/project will
share liability, even where only one party directly caused the actual harm.
_Sony v. Universal City Studios_ 464 US 417, 435 (1984). Nimmer on
Copyright 12.04[A] notes that it's possible to read 17 USC 106's grant of
the exclusive right to "authorize" the exercise of the other exclusive
rights as excluding the authorization of infringement by third parties
(making the illicit authorizer a direct infringer). But that reading seems
awfully technical, and Nimmer cites no cases which rely on it (and later
describes it as "overly facile").
In any event, yes, vicarious liability and contributory infringement are
viable theories of recovery, but neither seems especially promising.
Matt Ghio wrote and asked if a direct infringement must exist before a
third party can be held liable for infringement. Nimmer (a relatively
authoritative treatise on copyright) argues that it should not be possible
to have third party liability without a direct infringement, with a
reference to cases I haven't had time to look at yet. (at 12.04[A][3][a],
if anyone's fortunate enough to have a copy of Nimmer at hand) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-23 17:42:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: wired wankers 
Doesn't matter if anyone likes it or not. "Cypherpunk" has no unambiguous or
universally understood meaning. It's a cute turn of phrase. They are/it is a mailing list. It is the subject of a manifesto written several years ago.
Sometimes people get together and talk about "cypherpunk" things.
Assuming that "cypherpunk" will ever have even as much clarity of meaning
as a term like "libertarian" is a mistake. It does not mean "people who agree
with you". The best description I can think of is that "cypherpunk" refers
to the intersection of politics, economics, and technology at the
micro/street level, and people who are interested in that or the macro
consequences of these micro changes. The fact that someone's interested
doesn't mean you can predict what they think about any of the constituent
subjects. Eric Hughes' "Cypherpunk Manifesto" puts a pro-liberty spin on
cypherpunkism, which isn't bad but did not predict the tension between
various factions/doctrines which has emerged, some of which are
anti-liberty or liberty-agnostic. The cypherpunks list has become a
discussion place for those various factions as well as a target for various
mass mailings and crypto-law-politics related announcements. Some
traditionalists (fundamentalists? :) continue to use it for discussions
related to deploying tools for privacy in a technological age but they're a
minority these days. One sect has split off to "coderpunks", seeking a
return to the more traditionalist focus. You can describe yourself as a "cypherpunk" if you want to but if you mean
"mailing list reader/participant" it's not especially interesting; and if
you mean something else you're adopting a label whose meaning is more like
a thermometer than a road sign.  Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-26 14:53:12
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Fed Ct hrg re Diffie-Hellman & Hellman-Merkle patents 
A hearing is scheduled in federal district court in San Jose for 10/30 at
10:00 AM on _Schlafly v. Public Key Partners_ and _RSA Datasec v. Cylink_.
The hearing is on defendant Cylink's motion(s) for summary judgment
regarding the validity of the Diffie-Hellman and Hellman-Merkle patents. The district court is located at 280 S. First in San Jose. Judge Williams
is in Courtroom 4 on the 5th floor. There are 12 matters scheduled at 10:00
AM so it's unlikely that this matter will be heard at exactly 10:00. (It's
listed as fifth in the court calendar in The Register and the Daily
Journal, but I've got no clue about their algorithm for calling cases.) I
don't know if it will be interesting or boring. The fewer metal things you
bring the faster you can get through the metal detectors. More information is available at  and
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-27 16:25:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: considering internet/privacy periodical 
I'm considering putting together a periodic publication about the technical
and legal aspects of privacy and the Internet. My "business model" would
feature free WWW/email access with a charge for fax or postal delivery. I'm
curious to know if this strikes people as interesting or just Yet Another
Email Newsletter Of No Real Consequence. (no offense taken if it's the
Any feedback is appreciated. Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-27 19:09:43
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: considering internet/privacy periodical 
Actually, I don't think there's enough of a market to justify a real
business; I don't see any serious $ here (in fact, there's probably very
little $ here). As far as I can tell, most of the money being made with the
Internet so far comes from selling things to people who think they can make
money on the Internet. My mention of a price comes from my impression that
there may be some folks who'd be interested - mostly law-oriented folks but
this is likely true of other "serious professionals/academics" - but who
have organized their information gathering practices around paper, such
that an electronic-only publication isn't "real" to them. But given my
relatively poor cash flow situation and the tendency of human beings to
sign up for anything that's free, I don't think it's a good idea to offer
free FAX or paper distribution, since those media choices would cost me per
subscriber. Mostly I see a hole right now in between the one-shot web pages/FAQs people
build which explain remailers (and other privacy technologies) and Raph's
remailer list, which is pretty tightly focused on the technical/reliability
aspects of cypherpunk-style remailers without providing a lot of historical
or technical context. (To clarify, I think both the FAQ's and Raph's
remailer reliability tracking are valuable, and I see them as inspirations
to also do something useful.) Also, the privacy/remailer market is
fragmenting (evolving), with pro-privacy (or faux pro-privacy, or
anti-privacy) mail receiving/forwarding services, viz c2.org, netbox.com,
pobox.com, thebook.com, mailmasher.com, hotmail.com, etc. I see it not as a business but more like a way of organizing what I'm
thinking about already in a way that might be interesting to others.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-10-30 21:00:01
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: silly putty 
Dear Mr. Parekh:
I represent the Comic Publishers Association, a trade group formed to
combat the illict theft of our members' intellectual property. Your message
has come to the attention of our "flexible media" section, which licenses
the duplication of our  members' creative efforts in flexible media, such
as Silly Putty (tm). Many people do not realize (or, more likely, merely
pretend not to realize) that the duplication, even in mirror image, of
portions of protected comic strips in  flexible media infringes upon our
members' exclusive rights as granted by the Copyright Acts of 1909 and
1976, 17 USC 101 et seq.
Further, the irresponsible distribution of this flexible media by
fly-by-night retailers and distributors compounds this problem. Many of the
wrongdoers who violate our members' rights do so as part of an informal
social framework, utilizing aliases like "Junior", or common first names
such as "Billy" or "Tommy". You can imagine our members' frustration when
we must enforce our rights against six and seven year old defendants known
merely as "Jimmy" or "that big kid from soccer practice".
The fact that flexible media can be used to make illicit copies of visual
art is well known; in fact, it is one of the selling points used when
flexible media is sold at the retail level. It is our position that
distributors and retailers selling flexible media do so knowing full well
that their juvenile purchasers intend to irresponsibly flout the Copyright
Act; and that such sales constitute contributory infringement. Sellers of
flexible media are the linchpins in the deadly chain of comic book
copyright infringement via "Silly Putty (tm)". We realize that some retailers do not wish to be complicit in this serious
injustice. Therefore, we have drafted the "flexible media code of conduct",
which we are asking sellers of flexible media to sign. We are asking you to
sign this code of conduct as a demonstration of your good will and
responsibility towards copyright owners worldwide. If you do not sign our
code of conduct we'll make some stuff up and then sue you and send out lots
of press releases.  ---
FLEXIBLE MEDIA SELLER'S CODE OF CONDUCT
As a seller of "Silly Putty (tm)" flexible media, I agree to:
1.	Maintain records of the first name, last name, parent(s)' names,
school's name, teacher's name, and grade level of every purchaser of
flexible media.
2.	Present an educational program which will sensitize my customers to the
grave responsibilities that the Copyright Act imposes upon each of us.
3.	Police my customers' use of flexible media, including but not limited to
in-store use of flexible media, simultaneous purchases of flexible media
and comic books such that illegitimate use can be inferred from the
circumstances, and the structuring of transactions to obscure what would
otherwise be simultaneous or contemporaneous purchases of flexible media
and comic books.
4.	Cooperate with the Comic Publishers Association by providing customer
lists and transaction detail logs so that suspicious purchase patterns at
multiple retail location may be tracked by the CPA.
5.	Agree to allow the CPA to audit my records and record keeping
procedures, at any time, without notice or right to refuse.  ---
Please print out a copy of our agreement, sign it, and mail it to me via
postal mail by the close of business tomorrow. Flexible media copies are
not acceptable. If you don't, we'll kick your ass. Have a nice day. for DEWEY, CHEATHAM, & HOWE, P.C.
Counsel for Comic Publishers Association

@_date: 1996-11-01 20:33:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ITAR financial crypto exception? 
According to the "United States Munitions List", 22 CFR 121.1, Category
XIII, "Auxiliary Military Equipment":
"Information Security Systems and equipment, cryptographic devices,
software, and components specifically designed or modified therefor" are
included in the munitions list; but not if they are "[s]pecially designed, developed or modified for use in machines for
banking or money transactions, and restricted to use only in such
transactions. Machines for banking or money transactions include automatic
teller machines, self-service statement printers, point of sale terminals
or equipment for the encryption of interbanking transactions." (22 CFR
121.1, Category XIII (b)(1)(ii)),
or if they are "[l]imited to access control, such as automatic teller machines,
self-service statement printers or point of sale terminals, which protects
password or personal identification numbers (PIN) or similar data to prevent
unauthorized access to facilities but does not allow for encryption of
files or
text, except as directly related to the password of PIN protection." (22
CFR 121.1, Category XIII (b)(1)(v)).
As I read this, people exporting ATM's and other commercial financial
equipment don't need to fuss over the ITARs; and probably not people
selling Bank-O-Matic software; the question is not whether or not the
software involved could be used for financial applications, or if it can
tell that it is (and turn on or off strong crypto), but whether or not the
system in question was "specially designed, developed, or modified" for
financial applications (or access control), and limited (by some means) to
only those uses; and this is a question that humans can (and must) answer
at the time of export.
(Also, I don't think that *documents* are ever export controlled; just the
applications/systems that read and write them. Nobody tell the State Dept
about John von Neumann and the interchangeability of code and data, ok? :)  I understood Mr. Coppolino's remarks to be referring to the above; but if
his statement was as broad as you remember, he perhaps went a bit too far.
(Or maybe he was thinking of something else.) I don't remember the context
of his comments. Does anyone know if a transcript of the hearing is
available? It's my understanding that many court reporters are now making
transcriptions available on disk, facilitating easy transition to the Web.  As always, my comments are provided not as legal advice (or even as an
authoritative understanding/interpretation of the ITARs/AECA) but as a
contribution towards a general discussion. I still don't have an especially
current source for the text of the ITARs at home; the above is from the
EFF's copy of the 1993 changes. Someday I'll remember to pop across the bay
and pick up a copy at the US Gov bookstore, but it hasn't happened yet.
(Looks like the paperback 22 CFR volume is around $30, from info I found on
the Web, if anyone else is interested. It'd make a good thing to set hot
things on when they come off of the stove. :) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-11-03 12:19:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: more interesting ITAR/CJ stuff @ eff.org 
In addition to the transcript of the 9/20 hearing that Lucky mentioned,
there's other good (new) stuff in EFF's archive, including a declaration
from an editor with MIT Press where he indicates he was told informally
that the NSA had asserted that the paper copy of the PGP Source Code book
was subject to the ITARs. (There was no official response made, two
printings were sold out, and the book has gone out of print.)
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-11-03 18:17:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: FW: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
Indeed - my hunch is that this is the result that Vulis was determined to
get, and would have done whatever was necessary to bring it about. Now he
can cry that he is the "victim" of evil censorship, and he can wear the
white hat of virtue - notwithstanding that he consciously sought to be
censored, and has himself contributed mightily towards the (temporary)
destruction of an otherwise useful list. Now he can leave the list with his
"virtue" and his pride intact; something he could not have done had he
simply unsubscribed himself.
There are plenty of people who would have (and will) help him if he manages
to come up with something on-topic to say. But, short-term, he's gotten
what he was looking for (a chance to play victim) and we get a list with
less crap on it.
Perhaps we should have a moment of silence for Dmitri Vulis, sympathetic
victim, target of dastardly censors, paragon of virtue and righteousness.
I'll go ahead and have mine now. Given that John Gilmore is the source of the oft-repeated "The net sees
censorship as damage and routes around it" quote, it strikes me as unlikely
that he took the steps he did without some reflection on their meaning,
consequences, and chances of success.
Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-11-03 21:26:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Censorship on cypherpunks 
This is an easy problem to solve. Run your own list, you can set the
policies. There are service providers who will set up/maintain mailing
lists for you. If you can't find one, and "quite upset" means >$200/month
to you, let me know, and I'll set one up for you. Mailing lists aren't
exactly rocket science.
Actually, I'm curious exactly how much money "quite upset" means to you.
Perhaps you and the others who are also upset can buy Dmitri his own
mailing list. You can even subscribe your list to the cypherpunks list, and
advertise it as "total freedom cypherpunks", so that subscribers to your
list get everything on cpunks, plus Vulis' helpful commentaries.
The lesson to learn from this is not "all people are essentially
authoritarian" but "one jerk can ruin something good for 1500+ people."
Just one turd in the punchbowl, and all that. Doesn't matter if the turd
has a PhD, nobody wants any punch. When one person does something which
inconveniences or annoys many people (over and over, intentionally) it's
unsurprising (and not even "authoritarian", in any useful sense of the
word) that someone gets sick of it and tries to correct the situation.
Freedom isn't just for assholes; and the name for someone who won't take
care of himself (or his mailing list) isn't "friend of liberty", it's
"pushover". Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-11-04 14:52:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Telling quote from Bernstein hearing 
As I understand the government's argument, this is what they're trying to say:
Even though code can be speech, if it is executable code it is speech and
something else at the same time. The government is entitled to regulate or
prohibit the export of the "something else" without regard to the speech
component, as long as they are content-neutral with respect to the speech
component. For example, a cruise missile is subject to export control.
Painting words on the side of the missile won't change that. Executable
crypto code is subject to export control, and the fact that it has an
expressive component doesn't change that. The comments about "We don't know
or care what Mr. Bernstein is doing and we're not trying to control his
academic discourse" were intended to emphasize that the government is
content-neutral with respect to the expressive content of his crypto code.
Because the regulations are content-neutral with respect to the expressive
content, they are subject to an "intermediate scrutiny" standard (not the
"strict scrutiny" standard which would be applied if the restrictions were
content-based). The government believes that the AECA and the ITARs can
pass the "intermediate scrutiny" test.
In a nutshell, the government thinks that the expressive content of code is
the algorithm(s) expressed in it. For example, expressive content of PGP
2.x is RSA and IDEA and MD5 and some key management stuff. And they say
that their regulations won't be interpreted to cover versions of that
expressive content which don't take the form of machine-readable code. While I think that the entire export control scheme, as it is applied to
crypto today, is an exercise in dishonesty and futility*, I think that the
questions this case presents are difficult questions. I don't think it's
really comprehensible to separate the "expressive content" of source code
from its "functional content", because one dictates the other. Either the
government is able to control the functional content (in which case it
controls the expressive content), and the First Amendment is seriously
curtailed; or the government is unable to control the functional content,
and its ability to control the production and import/export of items of
politico/military significance is seriously curtailed. Historically, courts
have been deferential to the executive branch's ability to control military
and political/diplomatic matters. Either way, someone's pissed off, and someone thinks the court is sending
the country to hell in a handbasket. The "crypto is central to national
security" argument shouldn't be dismissed summarily - at least not if you
think Tim's predictions about cryptoanarchy are accurate. Crypto _is_
important. Crypto _is_ significant in the political and military venues.
(* It's dishonest and futile because it is insufficient to reach its stated
goals - if the purpose is to prevent the spread of strong crypto worldwide,
the government must control the expression of strong crypto algorithms and
techniques in all media and all forms. Such regulation would be
incompatible with the First Amendment and freedom generally. The present
regulations are so poorly matched to the apparent goal that I suspect they
have another purpose; and I suspect that purpose is to control the domestic
development of strong crypto. And attempting to do so while claiming to do
something else is dishonest. (That result is also incompatible with the
First Amendment and freedom generally.) And that's what I think of crypto
regulations, whether or not I appear to be agreeing with the government.) Greg Broiles                |  "We pretend to be their friends,
gbroiles         |   but they fuck with our heads."
 |

@_date: 1996-11-07 20:21:22
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: exclusion/censorship and the law 
I don't pretend to have spent much attention on defamation, but the cases
I've seen don't go nearly this far. The two that come to mind are _Cubby v.
Compuserve_ 776 F. Supp. 135 (1991), and _Stratton Oakmont v. Prodigy_
(sorry, no cite at hand). _Cubby_ said that service providers were liable
*only when they had knowledge of the defamation*. Since the list is set up
(as far as I know) to forward messages (regardless of source) to the
subscribers without further editorial review, _Cubby_ suggests no liability
here. _Stratton Oakmont_ went the other direction (finding potential
liability for defendant service provider, on a motion for preliminary
injunction? can't remember) but has been widely criticized; that ruling
never faced any extended scrutiny because the parties settled. Also,
Prodigy, the defendant in Stratton Oakmont, exercised much greater
editorial control over postings on that service, and had the ability to
remove postings, which is something John Gilmore can't do.
So my impression is that you've got the tail end of a useful concept
(ability to control is frequently a factor used to determine liability) but
are making far too much out of it. One really big difference I see here is
that editorial control of the Cpunks list has occurred once (in 4? 5? years
of the list's existence), is on a per-person not a per-message basis, and
*does not function to restrict who can send messages but only limits Vulis'
ability to _receive_ them on his usual system(s)*.
You might take a look at Mike Godwin's article on net defamation at
; by now it's a
little old, but I don't think anything's happened since which would change
its reasoning. The problem with absolute statements like this is that they ignore
important distinctions about scale - e.g., I think that it's very important
that people, generally, be free to discuss whatever they want in private
homes. But I also think it's very important that I be able to tell other
people that they're not willing to discuss whatever they want in *my* home.
Not because I'm especially excited about censorship, but because I enjoy my
privacy and my peace & quiet. So on the level of national rights, yes,
unrestricted speech is an excellent thing. But on the level of my living
room, unrestricted speech is a very bad thing. I don't think anyone who is arguing that it's fine to throw Vulis off the
list would make the argument that it would be acceptable for the government
to throw Vulis off of the Internet. The closest thing I can see to a First Amendment argument against Gilmore
is the "company town" argument, that the list is so much like a city or
town that it ought to be subject to the restrictions that the First
Amendment puts on municipalities and traditional public forums - but even
this (rather far-out) argument got shot down a few days ago when our
beloved Wallace of CyberPromo tried it in _Cyber Promotions v. America
Online_. The judge said "no way", and I think that argument's a lot more
plausible against American Online than against John Gilmore. I don't think this makes any sense. "Public list" has no special meaning.
My impression is that you're trying to make an analogy to public places
which are privately owned like motels and lunch counters and amusement
parks, where the owners (despite being private actors) cannot discriminate
on the basis of race, gender, national origin, etc. (See, e.g., Civil
Rights Act of 1964, 42 USC 1981 et seq)
But I don't think there's any especially credible allegation that Vulis was
discriminated against on the basis of protected class membership; nor is it
clear that the Civil Rights Act can be extended to the operation of mailing
lists. (Can someone shed some light on this? I've spent some time reading
civil rights cases and can't remember one which gets even close. But I hate
to say "can't be done" on the basis of failing to remember a case where it
has been done.) My hunch is that (especially with this Supreme Court) the
First Amendment's right to speak and assemble freely would trump Congress'
attempt (pursuant to the Fourteenth Amendment, Section V) to regulate the
distribution of speech. If there's no prohibited discrimination (either because there's no
prohibition, or there was no "discrimination" within the terms of the
statute) then I don't see a cause of action. Wanting something you're not
getting isn't enough. Owners of "public places" like malls or stores or
restaurants are still free to exclude some people for non-prohibited
reasons (like not meeting the dress code, or having behaved poorly in the
past). And Vulis' behavior is certainly enough to suggest that his
exclusion from the list (which has not impaired his ability to speak to the
list) was neither arbitrary nor wrongly discriminatory. So I really don't
think that a civil rights-flavored argument even gets to first base here.
I am pretty disappointed to see that none of the people who profess to be
shocked and wounded at Vulis' exclusion have bothered to set up your own
lists. In my mind, whatever moral outrage you claim to have looks awfully
small compared to the relatively small burden of doing something about what
you say is bothering you. Someone said that saying "start your own list" is like saying "well, go
start your own country"; but the difference is that you can only live in
one place at a time, so starting your own country on some faraway island
means severing personal and professional ties in the place that you live
now, abandoning the countryside you've come to know and love, etc. But
there's no reason that you can't start your own mailing list and stay on
cypherpunks. As I pointed out a few days ago, you can even subscribe your
list to the cypherpunks list, so that your list is "cypherpunks++". I think
there are some copyright issues lurking here, but there are at least two
filtered cypherpunks lists running, as well as Bob Hettinga's e-$pam list,
which make use of cpunks traffic, and I'm not aware that any of those folks
have attracted suits for their reproduction of list traffic. So I don't see
any big obstacle to one or more people fixing what they say is a big
problem. So I'm left to wonder if this really isn't the big deal people
seem to enjoy making it into, or if it's a big deal, but free speech and
lack of censorship is worth less than some time and/or some money to these
folks. I think that "cypherpunks write code" can/should be understood as a
question, e.g., "what are you doing to change the things that bother you?" Greg Broiles                | "In this court, appellant and respondent are the
gbroiles         |  same person. Each party has filed a brief."
 |  Lodi v. Lodi, 173 Cal.App.3d 628, 219 Cal.
  Rptr. 116 (3rd Dist, 1985)

@_date: 1996-11-08 00:20:50
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: criminalizing crypto use 
One change I suspect we'll see sooner or later on the Federal side is an
amendment of the Sentencing Guidelines to include an upward adjustment for
the use of encryption to frustrate law enforcement efforts. This wouldn't
be a conviction for using crypto, but would result in harsher penalties for
people convicted of other crimes where they happened to use crypto in a way
connected with the crime. (Keeping child porn or records of a forbidden
business on an encrypted disk volume, using PGPfone to conspire across long
distances, etc.)
As an example, less than a year ago, Congress directed the Sentencing
Commission (a sub-branch of the federal Judiciary) to amend the guidelines
to enhance the penalties by at least two levels for using a computer to
advertise or "ship" a visual depiction of child porn. Pub. L. 104-71, Sec.
2 (12/23/95). Sentences for felony and some misdemeanor convictions in Federal court are
usually based upon a payoff matrix, where a crime is assigned a "base
offense level" (higher levels indicate more serious crimes), which is then
adjusted upwards for aggravating factors (like the use of a gun, or an
elderly victim, or prior convictions) and mitigating factors (like
admission of responsibility or cooperating with law enforcement) to arrive
at a final score, which indicates a relatively narrow range of potential
sentences. Adding an enhancement for crypto use seems like an easy way for
legislators to "get tough on crypto" while avoiding Constitutional issues.
(It also strikes me as pointless; I have yet to run across anyone who
doesn't work in criminal law (or isn't in a federal pen) who seems to have
any idea that the sentencing guidelines exist, much less take them into
account when planning crimes. They're pretty complex.) I feel a little wary about saying this because I haven't heard anyone
mention it before. I have no secret insider knowledge. But I think a step
like this is probably transparent to the folks in the Justice Dept who work
on computer crime and crypto stuff, so I'm probably not giving anyone any
ideas. I hope not. Federal court is tough enough for defendants already. Folks who want to know more about the Sentencing Guidelines might take a
look at . They've done a nice job of putting
everything on the web, so you can scratch your head in puzzlement at home,
instead of at the law library. Many states also use a similar system for
sentencing in criminal cases, but they may not be crypto-savvy enough to
think of adding extra penalties for crypto use. Greg Broiles                | "In this court, appellant and respondent are the
gbroiles         |  same person. Each party has filed a brief."
 |  Lodi v. Lodi, 173 Cal.App.3d 628, 219 Cal.
  Rptr. 116 (3rd Dist, 1985)

@_date: 1996-11-16 14:51:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Mailing list liability (fwd) 
This is inaccurate. Vulis is still sending posts to the list and they are
distributed to subscribers. You seem to have assumed that submissions are
only accepted from subscribers. This assumption is wrong.
I have a very hard time seeing a contract here - I don't think there was
anything close to a "meeting of the minds" to the terms you seem to
imagine, nor do I see any consideration. As you've indicated above, you
took on no obligations - which suggests that your relationship to the list
owner is not that of a party to a contract, but as a recipient of a gift.
The donor of a gift (or series of gifts) is free to stop giving at their
whim. I disagree strongly. I also strongly disagree that there was/is any
contract between Gilmore and list subscribers or authors. And I strongly
disagree with your ideas about posting notices and the "default" situation
where notices aren't posted. I think that you're mixing up your analyses re
defamation and contract (they are **not** the same thing). I also think
you're using contract-style language to describe obligations apparently
imposed by law, which is misleading. Further, I'm not aware of any law
which would impose the obligations you imagine. If you've got better
information, perhaps you'd be kind enough to post a citation so the rest of
us can catch up with you.
The case summaries you posted don't support your conclusion. The only one
that's even in the neighborhood is Stratton-Oakmont; which, as I pointed
out before, is appreciably different factually (the degree of control was
much greater, the forum was advertised as a controlled one, and the
defendant inspected the message before it was made public), did not receive
further scrutiny at an appellate level, and has been criticized by
commentators and scholars as being poorly reasoned. Stratton-Oakmont is a
poor case to rely upon. As far as I can tell, you're basing your legal
conclusion on the depth and quality of your feelings about this issue,
which is always a mistake.
Finally (and dispositively), the entire field of liability for "publishers"
of online information was changed by the Communications Decency Act. See
 for more.
But this discussion reminds me of the unproductive discussions that various
legal-minded folks (myself included) have had with Jim Bell from time to
time. And I try not to spend time on unproductive pursuits. So I am not
going to write more about this. I've offered my analysis, and readers can &
will give it whatever weight they think it merits. If I don't respond to
your messages, it's not because I don't think you're wrong, it's because I
don't think saying it over & over helps anyone. Mike Godwin has written and
thought a lot about liability for defamation in the online service provider
context. I recommend his work to people who want to learn more.
It's clear that you think John Gilmore did the wrong thing when he excluded
Vulis. The notion that a relatively inflexible and harsh liability scheme
awaits system operators who wander into some form of content control can be
an attractive one. I don't blame you for liking that idea. But your
conclusion is not supported by case law nor traditional theories of
contract, tort, or property law. The result you want (any content control =
duty to inspect every message = harsh result) might be a good one but it is
not the state of the law today. If you're getting your legal information
from computer media or mass media you're probably getting partially
incorrect information or interpretation. Greg Broiles                | "In this court, appellant and respondent are the
gbroiles         |  same person. Each party has filed a brief."
 |  Lodi v. Lodi, 173 Cal.App.3d 628, 219 Cal.
  Rptr. 116 (3rd Dist, 1985)

@_date: 1996-11-13 18:29:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Secrecy: My life as a nym. (Was: nym blown?) 
You've neglected to mention that your (e.g., "the madman's") messages were
criticizing the use of pseudonyms, and the use of more than one identity by
an individual person. You've also neglected to mention that you (a single
person) were using multiple identities to argue that multiple identities
were harmful.
In general, you're conflating several positions:
1. Fluid identities (e.g., imprecise or unregulated mapping between
personas and flesh-and-blood bodies) cannot be prevented;
2. Fluid identities should be tolerated;
3. Fluid identities should be encouraged.
I can't speak for Tim, but your messages do cause me to consider these
ethical questions - e.g., is it more important to focus on what you've
argued (that multiple identities are bad), or what you're doing (using
multiple identities), or on a "politeness" principle, e.g., that
gentle[wo]men don't reveal each other's identities.
Arguments about a "right to be pseudonymous" are as problematic as the
recent "free speech" arguments, where the identity of the right isn't so
much in question as is who it is enforceable against - e.g., I can't force
someone else to let me use their stuff to speak freely. Can I force someone
else (not only with law, but with appeals to morality or contract or
politeness or other forms of nongovernmental regulation) to address me by a
chosen pseudonym, or prevent them from linking multiple identities? I think there is (or should be) a "politeness norm" which limits linking
between identities, just as I see one which limits the disclosure of other
personal data; I don't give out other people's home phone numbers to third
parties, I don't pass along the identity of a person's "significant other"
or home address, and otherwise try to let each person choose how much they
want to disclose about their personal lives to the rest of the world. And I
hope that they will do the same for me. It's not especially unusual for
folks on the list to use abbreviated or pseudonymous identities; but the
"strength" of these is limited as we meet each other in person, do business
with each other, etc. It's difficult to form a strong relationship without
getting to know others, but it's difficult to preserve privacy and let
someone get to know you. A principle which preserves both values (privacy
and disclosure) seems useful.
But I also think that politeness norms are limited in their applicability -
in particular, I also think it's useful to subject other people to the
rules they propose should be applicable to everyone. This is a good way to
try out proposed rules, and in some cases to help people understand why
their rules are stupid. You have written that the use of pseudonyms and
multiple identities is wrong. So I think it's reasonable to expect you to
live up to the standards you've argued should be applied to all people. So
you don't get the benefit (at least from me) of the politeness norms about
pseudonyms. If you've changed your mind about the morality of
"pseudospoofing", by all means, let me know. I believe that you are familiar with the "subject others to their own
rules" rule, because it is the rule you're using/have used to justify your
use of multiple identities, hmm? I suspect you intended this as some sort of indictment, but I don't know if
you'll get a lot of disagreement (or even surprise). This philosophy seems
to be at the core of much libertarian thought and free-market economics,
two themes which are popular on the list. I think it's far too
old-fashioned to qualify as "cypherpunk", but you're in the wrong place if
you're hoping to insult someone by saying that. Greg Broiles                | "In this court, appellant and respondent are the
gbroiles         |  same person. Each party has filed a brief."
 |  Lodi v. Lodi, 173 Cal.App.3d 628, 219 Cal.
  Rptr. 116 (3rd Dist, 1985)

@_date: 1996-11-18 09:55:01
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks State of Emergency 
I see several "leverage" points here:
The cards can use either a "dongle" model, similar to that used in ordinary
copy protection, which has to date been a big failure - or they can use an
"on-card processor" model, where the card does the actual crypto
processing. This will be tough to break using the traditional cracking
techniques, but will also be expensive.
And card distribution can be either weak or strict; if it's a weak model
(e.g., cards are sold at Fry's or 7-11 :) or are otherwise easy to come by)
it'll be tough to control their distribution and export. It's a little
easier to control the export of chips than to control the export of
software, but neither is easy. And strict distribution will cost an
enormous amount of time and money as some agency or another is deputized or
created to check credentials, keep records, issue keycards, charge fees,
and so forth.
If cards are easy to come by, requiring them won't be much of a deterrent
to the use of strong crypto; the people the government is supposedly trying
to keep from using crypto (terrorists, spies, etc) are already accustomed
to keeping and purchasing things which are forbidden. If cards are
difficult to come by, that's a big hole waiting for someone to fill with
software crypto, or software tricks to get around the hardware requirements. One bug/feature I suspect we'll see will be the inclusion of the keycard's
ID in every message that it signs, facilitating detection of unauthorized
use and traffic analysis. Without this, the scheme seems entirely futile.
(Which is not to say that the US Government hasn't done some futile things
:), but ..) Another likely feature is an expiration date, such that the
cards stop working after X months and the owner must go to the Bureau of
Crypto Control and show his/her credentials and exchange the old card for a
new one. Of course, if you've got outstanding warrants or haven't filed
your taxes or are in arrears for child support or are a "foreign person" or
have been saying illegal/controversial things with your crypto card, well,
perhaps you won't feel like going down to the BCC after all. So they're going to have to find a way to make the cards easy/cheap enough
to get that many people will adopt them; but they have to be
expensive/difficult enough to get that people won't want to "lose" them,
lest they fall into the hands of the wrong people. And that seems like a
difficult task, especially if opponents of the scheme continue to provide
cheap/free software-only solutions. And, as always, folks not subject to
the US export regulations won't need to fuss with all of this regulatory
bullshit, and can produce strong software-only crypto, or drop-in
replacements for the "policy chips" which are distributed without
government control. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-11-18 10:23:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: HP announcement 
HP has info on its new crypto stuff on the web now:
 and
It's apparently a crypto coprocessor embedded in a board or chip which
looks for a "policy token" (which is software/data, delivered via network
or smartcard) which is doled out by local "policy servers", "developed and
managed in conformance with national policy". Sounds to me like they want to be able to turn off strong crypto the way
they can turn off high-detail GPS during politically/militarily sensitive
events. As the press release notes,
"ICF is designed to run any current or future cryptographic algorithms.
Algorithms for key recovery also can be used. "Keys" are strings of
computer code that lock and unlock data. Key recovery is a method that
allows users to unscramble encrypted data if they lose their keys. Users
can decide whether to use key recovery, based on personal needs or domestic

@_date: 1996-11-21 10:47:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: killfiling aga@dhp.com 
At 06:45 AM 11/21/96 -0800, nobody (John Anonymous
[discussing aga
Agreed. But if you (and other anonymous posters) are going to continue to
reply to him or other unproductive kooks, would you please put their
addresses somewhere in the headers of your messages (perhaps in the To: or
won't have to read your replies? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-11-21 23:33:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Database law... silver lining?? 
Cute, but any such proposal is almost guaranteed to allow for independent
creation from a non-database source - e.g., warranty cards, info extracted
from you when you ask for credit, public records, etc. For example, one
comment to Article 3 of the proposed WIPO treaty on sui generis protection
of databases provides:
"3.02 The protection provided does not preclude any person from
independently collecting, assembling or compiling works, data or materials
from any source other than a protected database."
(see  for more.)
It's very unlikely that Congress (or the PTO) intends to do anything
that'll screw up what's already working well for big database publishers.
Your theory is similar to a patent flavor for databases, while the
proposals floated out so far are much more like copyright - e.g.,
independent creation is OK, but copying is not, even with wide public
distribution, and long protection times. With patent, independent creation
is not OK, copying (the information, not the device) is encouraged/allowed,
and protection time is short.
[Friday, 11/22, is the deadline to submit comments to the PTO asking them
to withdraw consideration of the WIPO database treaty from the conference
in Geneva. (Or encouraging them to submit it, if that's your opinion.)
Comments can be sent to Mr. Keith Kupferschmid at diploconf
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-11-26 00:20:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Netscape working with the NSA. 
The NSA has two main tasks: gathering [foreign] signals intelligence
("SIGINT") and making it difficult/impossible for other parties to get
signal intelligence from the US ("INFOSEC").
Given the context of the information you found, it looks like they're
negotiating with Netscape and Microsoft to evaluate the strength of their
browsers to that the browsers can be used for "unclassified but sensitive"
tasks; that is to say, NSA is operating in their "protect domestic data"
mode, not their "wiretap everything" mode.
Certifying the browsers (or other domestic privacy tools) as safe if
they're not (or if they've got designed-in weaknesses) would play a very
dangerous game - the NSA would gain little and risk a lot. They could (and
probably do, or will soon) mandate the use of GAK crypto for official
"sensitive" applications; so adding hidden weaknesses (which are
essentially stealth GAK) doesn't give them much they don't have already,
but it does create the potential that a third party will learn of the
hidden weakness (through careful study or exploiting a traitor or whatever)
and then have access to information the gov't would like to keep private
for an unknown period of time - followed by a sudden expensive & disruptive
switch of crypto tools when the discovery of the weakness became known. So it seems unlikely that there's anything bad going on here; it doesn't
make much sense for the NSA (or other TLA) to intentionally weaken a crypto
app and then certify it as secure for government use. They want to keep the
good stuff for themselves, and make us use the weak software. They don't
seem to be especially shy about telling us when they want to spy on us. I suppose it's possible to see government contracts as a foot in the door
to economic "incentivization", e.g., if Netscape and Microsoft want the
govt's money/approval badly enough, they'll switch over to the dark side.
But this danger is pretty much unavoidable; and the government's got enough
ways to coerce folks (cf. Jim Bidzos and the guys who want to run him over
in the parking lot) that this seems mild by comparison. If the government
chooses to apply some pressure to incentivize a corporation, they'll find a
way. So far, it appears that they played fair when they certified DES as secure
- and folks on the outside have been banging away on DES for almost 20
years, without finding any trapdoors. The balance of risks suggests that
they'll probably keep playing fair when certifying privacy tools; not
because they're nice guys, but because it's in their best interests to do so. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-11-27 19:39:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Your login/password for SafePassage beta 
The message that UKWeb sends with the SafePassage beta userid/password is
incorrect - not because it makes any of the assumptions you're ascribing to
UKWeb and license writers, but because the license itself fails to require
the person who agreed to it to keep the userid/pw combination confidential.
But you are entirely off the mark with your assumptions about the
assumptions made by the writer of the license. I am the person who wrote
the license. (Actually, I modified some pre-existing license text, merged
some in from another source, and generally did the sort of copying &
pasting that's considered perfectly acceptable in the legal field and is
considered copyright infringement if a programmer does it.) And I made no
such assumption. And I know enough about how the Internet works to laugh at
anyone says they "really understand how the Internet works." (Hint: before
and during law school, I worked as a consultant to ISP's who needed
technical assistance.) You would do well to heed your own advice and learn something about law
before making grand statements about "how [things] work". UKWeb does not
enter into an agreement with anyone (or everyone) who receives E-mail. It
enters into an agreement with the person who fills out the form to download
the software. People and organizations who haven't filled out the form
don't have an agreement with UKWeb to use the software; and absent that
agreement, their use isn't legal. I'm not interested in turning this molehill into a mountain. The beta test
of the software is unwittingly functioning as a beta test of the license
document; this morning's message revealed something I missed when I worked
on the license agreement. It will be corrected shortly. (This seems to be as good a time as any to announce that I'm now one of the
Cpunks who's working at C2Net.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-11-29 19:56:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: denial of service and government rights 
I see two general arguments that go in the direction of the SAIC
consultant's comments:
1.	Seizure & retention as evidence or instrumentality of a crime - e.g., if
someone breaks into my house, steals my gun, and uses it to shoot someone,
it'll be a long damn time before I get my gun back. The prosecution will
likely want to do various forensic tests, the defense may want to do its
own, the prosecutor will want to wave it around at trial, it may even go
back to the jury room to pass around while they deliberate - and if there's
a mistrial/new trial granted, the cycle starts again. (Off of the top of my
head, I can't remember what happens to physical evidence after trial but
during appeal.) Generally, people who are unfortunate enough to have
property which gets sucked into a criminal investigation/trial are just out
of luck. Bummer. I don't see any reason why this wouldn't be true for a
computer. Fed.Rul.Crim.Pro. 41(b)(1) allows the seizure (but seizure is not
forfeiture) of "property that constitutes evidence of the commission of a
criminal offense". 2. 	Forfeiture of the instrumentality of a crime, or of a nuisance - cf.
_Bennis v. Michigan_ ,
the recent Supreme Court case where the "Justices" (cough cough) upheld the
forfeiture of a wife's half interest in a car which was used (without her
knowledge/consent) by her husband to facilitate the crime of prostitution.
The Supreme Court rejected the idea that the Fifth Amendment's takings
clause or the Fourteenth Amendment's due process clause prevents the
forfeiture of the instrumentality of a crime without a showing of
culpability on the part of the owners. Some forfeiture statues (e.g., 21
USC 881, 1989 Oregon Laws Chapter 791, both re drug-related forfeitures)
provide for an "innocent owner" defense to forfeiture, but the Supreme
Court doesn't seem to think that's required as a matter of constitutional
law.  Fed.Rul.Crim.Pro 41(b)(3) allows the seizure of "property designed or
intended for use or which is or has been used as the means of committing a
criminal offense".
 There's an excellent resource available re computer search & seizure at
 - it's the US
DOJ's "Guidelines for Searching & Seizing Computers", pried loose by an
EPIC FOIA request and scanned.
But there's a big difference between "seizure" and "forfeiture". It's
possible that recent legislation has done for computer crime what the drug
forfeiture laws have done with respect to title in property - 21 USC 881(h)
indicates that "All right, title, and interest in property described in
subsection (a) of this section [e.g., property used in connection with a
drug crime] shall vest in the United States upon commission of the act
giving rise to forfeiture under this section." Given the innocent owner
defenses available in an 881 forfeiture, (h) sounds scarier than it works
out to be.
So yes, there may be a statute which gives title to the government in
computers used to commit crimes, and no, the Supreme Court won't
necessarily care about an "innocent owner". (Then again, it may make a
difference if we're talking about a computer owned by a corporation with
political clout, instead of the half-owner of a $600 car used for
surreptitious blow jobs. Your cynicism may vary.) I can't seem to find any
such statute, but like Ben Laurie pointed out w.r.t. security reviews,
there's a line between what folks are willing to do for free, and what
feels like work. Digging through a lot of teeny type in the Federal
Register/Congressional Record isn't my idea of a good time, so I'll leave
the "is there a statute?" question for someone else. I poked around on
EPIC's web site and thomas.loc.gov and in 18 USC without finding a computer
crime seizure statute, but I may just be too tired. :( Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-01 22:09:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: denial of service and government rights 
This is idiotic. I suspect it's deliberately idiotic, but I can't see what
anyone gains by it. If you've got a point to make, would you please just
say what you're thinking and move on? There's a big difference between something being punishable and someone
being punished. The false testimony was given on behalf of a friendly
government, and in favor of a cause which met with widespread national
support and was the focus of much (literal) flag-waving and patriotic
speechifying. In general, you face very few risks if you lie in a way which
helps a very popular cause, and the people you're lying to want to do the
thing that your lies are purportedly justifying. Your risks are much
greater if you're saying something unpopular or if you are an unpopular
person. I'm not talking about law, I'm talking about politics. And the fact
that laws are sometimes enforced in a political matter shouldn't be news to
anyone. (I'm not saying that's good, but I think it's attributable to and a
result of to the general fallibility of human beings, myself included, so
I'm skeptical about easy answers. Real-world solutions tend to fall short
of theoretical perfection. Doh.) I'd sure appreciate it if you'd just say what you're thinking (if it's
on-topic) instead of playing stupid "Is X true? Is Y true? Wow! I've just
discovered something new!" games. Your comments suggest to me that what
you're dancing around is, essentially, that the government is morally wrong
because it (eliding distinctions between governments and branches of
governments) enforces laws in an erratic or discriminatory or political
fashion. That's what I'm extracting from your messages. If there's
something more to what you're saying, I think I'd have a better chance of
extracting it if you devoted less energy to tricky rhetorical strategies. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-05 20:47:53
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Crypto hits the mainstream 
PC Magazine's web site has a prominent article reviewing four PC-based
crypto apps: they all seem to be oriented towards storage security not
communications security (to adopt Tim's taxonomy). The apps are from
Symantec, RSA, AT&T, and PGP; their "Editors' Choice" was Symantec's
program, followed closely by RSA's. They seem more concerned with speed and
user interface rather than the strength of the algorithms or their
The article won't teach anyone who's read Applied Crypto anything new about
crypto, but it's neat to see that security is becoming a mainstream
concern. (It should have always been one.) There may very well be an
associated dead-tree version of the article as well, but I've lost touch
with the PC market.
The article is located at . Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-08 17:55:41
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
Self-labeling is useless without regulation and punishment - there's too
much incentive to treat the label like a marketing tool. My hunch is that
courts will never allow compulsory labeling at the level that most people
would want - my bet is that labeling re visual depictions of nudity/sex can
be mandated, but that labeling re editorial/political content can't be.
(I'm not saying I think a fair reading of the Constitution says that, I'm
saying I think that's the compromise that judges will come up with.) And
labeling that keeps kids from seeing female breasts but lets them find out
about where to get abortions, or how to do their own at home*, or that lets
kids see home pages about how it's OK to be gay or a nazi or a nerd or a
creationist or a Republican or whatever isn't going to serve the needs of
the people who want to impose a strict content-control regime on their
kids, or on the net. And while my faith in the judiciary is pretty weak, I
just don't think they'll go so far as to say that the Constitution allows
the government to force people to put subject labels on their web pages. *(circa 1991, there was a videotape circulating in keep-abortion-legal
activist circles which described and showed how to perform an early-term
abortion using relatively simple technology (e.g., suction) - I can't seem
to remember the medical term for the procedure, but the tape was intended,
a la PGP, to make the technology available while it was still legal to
discuss it. Someone must have ported this video to Quicktime by now.) Third party labeling/rating is a much superior solution because it allows
the labelers to examine data with a mindset compatible with the mindset of
the customer, which source-labeling, nor automated filtering, will never
do. Here's to hoping that  regulators/legislators won't get around to
imposing a source-labeling scheme before experience is able to show them
that it's neither necessary nor sufficient to reach their goals. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-09 00:11:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
should expect
So what is going to happen if I generate one of their tags from scratch
without filling out their questionnaire? Are they going to sue me, claiming
that they own an html tag? Can one own an html tag?
"Owning" an html tag is oversimplifying things; but claiming that you've
been rated a certain way by a certain group (if you haven't) could
potentially create fraud, trademark, and (maybe) copyright problems - an
easy analogy is to the "UL" and "Good Housekeeping" symbols displayed on
some consumer goods.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-17 21:11:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Computer crime prompts new parole restrictions 
See ; I dunno what's on their
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-17 21:36:12
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Computer crime prompts new parole restrictions 
One nit to pick - parole and probation are not the same thing. Probation is
a sentence imposed by a judge, and parole is the administrative/executive
modification of a sentence. They function in similar ways (e.g., people who
have been convicted of a crime are not locked up but subjected to extra
rules) but have some legally meaningful differences. The press release from the USPC is online at
. This seems like a pretty fact-specific question; but it's not unusual for
people convicted of crimes to be restricted from using tools similar to the
ones they used to commit crimes, e.g., drivers' licenses are suspended
where people are convicted of driving crimes, professional licenses are
taken away when people have committed professional misconduct, and so
forth. I agree that this can be counterproductive (it doesn't make much
sense to seriously handicap someone and then blame them for not doing very
well) but I don't think that computers and the Internet are meaningfully
different in this way.
My hunch is it didn't make a big difference, but his letter to the judge
who accepted his guilty plea and sentenced him seems to suggest that he
turns to computer crime out of curiosity, boredom, and obsession - motives
which are probably still present. Three years without computers may force
him to find some other outlet for his creative and exploratory drives. This
seems like a long-term win for him. (I think denying him access to higher
education is much worse than denying him access to computers.)  This sounds like a fact issue for a probation/parole revocation hearing,
e.g., did the defendant intend to violate the terms of his or her release
agreement? Depending on the situation, an unintentional violation of the
terms of release might not result in revocation. (I'm inclined to think it
never should, but I'm not having much luck finding any relevant caselaw
quickly. I'm also handwaving here because different jurisdictions will
probably apply different rules.)
My impression is that the USPC was bamboozled (by the USDOJ?) into adopting
unnecessary regulations - the press release mentions a "surge of how-to
information" available on the Net re criminal activity; but I'm skeptical
that such a surge has taken place, or that it's especially relevant to
people on parole. The action may also have been unnecessary (viz, the restrictions on crypto)
because people subject to parole and probation are already subjected to
incredibly draconian restrictions - e.g., the terms of probation and parole
usually specify that they must allow the supervising officer to search
their home at any time, must report where they live and work, cannot form
social relationships with people deemed undesirable, cannot quit their job
or change residences, must report their income and expenses in considerable
detail, must give blood/urine samples on a surprise basis, etc. People who
are on parole or probation have no privacy and very little autonomy. It's
not much of a stretch to "You must let the probation officer look through
your house" to "You must let the probation officer see what's on your hard
disk" - in fact, I think the first implies the second. (Obviously, there are a ton of fact-specific issues here (and I've written
briefs arguing why parolees/prisoners should get more privacy), but at the
"public policy" level, it's pretty clear that probationers and parolees
have sharply curtailed Constitutional rights - which is usually OK with
them, because they like that better than being locked up. In my
perspective, it makes more sense to rethink the goals and methods of the
criminal trial/punishment system, rather than focus on minutiae about
computer crime. Lots of otherwise apparently decent people are subjected to
relatively harsh punishment on a pretty regular basis, and many people
think we aren't already mean enough to convicted people. Most of the people
who think this have never had someone they cared about subjected to the
penal system. But this isn't really C-punks material any more, so I'll stop
here.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1996-12-20 23:55:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
(Please keep in mind that I'm not a lawyer yet, and that my comments are
intended only as the reflections of an amateur and are intended as
discussion fodder, not legal advice.)
Folks seem to be very excited about Judge Patel's ruling in the Bernstein
case - and with good reason. It was, for example, a first-page
above-the-fold item in both of the Bay Area's legal newspapers today.
Unfortunately, most of the media reports have done a poor job of
interpreting the ruling, and it's easy to draw bad conclusions from erratic
news reports about the case. The decision is available online
thanks to the folks at EFF. I thought list members might appreciate a
summary of the decision and its potential effects.
1. What the ruling said
In brief, Judge Patel ruled that Category XIII(b) (the category which
refers to cryptographic equipment/software) is unconstitutional because it
functions as a prior restraint upon speech without providing important
procedural safeguards which are required when a prior restraint scheme is
put into place. She ruled that the "technical data" provision of the ITAR
is also unconstitutional when it refers to technical data about Category
XIII(b) items because of the lack of procedural safeguards.
Mopping up other points raised by the suit, Judge Patel ruled that the term
"defense article" as defined in 22 CFR 120.6 should be read to elide the
phrase "or technical data"; and that when interpreted that way, the terms
"defense article", "defense service", and "technical data" are not
unconstitutionally vague. She also ruled that the term "export" is not
unconstitutionally vague, and writes (in 'dicta', which is legalese for
"offhand comment", e.g., without precedential value but interesting as a
hint re what's going on in the judge's mind) that placing software on an
"Internet site" which can be accessed from a foreign country is an export
for ITAR purposes.
She also ruled that the "fundamental research in science and engineering"
(120.11(8)) and "general scientific, mathematical, or engineering
principles" (120.10(5)) exceptions to the definition of "technical data"
are void because they are too vague. As far as I can tell, they are thus no
longer available to potential ITAR defendants.
2. What the ruling didn't say
Judge Patel declined to address the merits of two of Bernstein's arguments:
that cryptographic software is independently worthy of First Amendment
protection as a tool which enables confidential speech and privacy, and
that the ITAR scheme violates the Administrative Procedure Act.
She also refused to grant Bernstein a preliminary injunction which would
have prohibited the US Government from prosecuting him for teaching his
class this spring, because her ruling means that his proposed activities
are not (for now) illegal.
The opinion also narrowly fails to say whether or not Category XIII(b) is
content-based or content-neutral; but reaches its conclusion by pointing
out that such a determination isn't necessary, because even if XIII(b) is
content-neutral, it is still unconstitutional. (* My reading of the opinion
diverges from the EFF's, as reported in their 12/17 press release, on this
point. I think my interpretation is correct. YMMV.)
3. What the ruling means
Some messages that I've seen have suggested that her ruling means that the
ITAR does not apply to crypto of any kind; or that crypto can now be
exported in, variously, the Ninth Circuit, or Northern California, or
Berkeley. Strictly speaking, Judge Patel's ruling is not binding precedent
in any court. The doctrine of "stare decisis", which says that courts
should not disturb existing precedent, suggests that other district courts
in the Northern District of California will follow Judge Patel's ruling, at
least until the Ninth Circuit addresses the issue (in this case or a
different one). But "stare decisis" is a policy statement, not law; and, as
the decision in _Karn v. Dept of State_ makes clear (by ruling that the
First Amendment does not prevent applying Category XIII(b) to source code),
district courts around the country are free to disagree with each other and
issue contradictory or incompatible opinions. (I'm interested in any
analysis which would suggest that her ruling is binding on the ND CA courts
for reasons other than stare decisis; I'm not aware of other grounds, but I
don't know everything, either. Comments?)
Further, Judge Patel's ruling yesterday is dependent upon her earlier
ruling which held that source code is speech for First Amendment purposes.
That ruling has not yet been reviewed at the appellate level, and is not
uncontroversial nor universally accepted. If another court disagrees with
that ruling, Judge Patel's otherwise convincing reasoning in this case
(which says that the lack of procedural safeguards for this prior-restraint
scheme is unconstitutional) is irrelevant - because without speech, the
First Amendment (and its hostility to prior restraint) isn't applicable.
It's also significant because her earlier ruling said that source code is
speech - and her reasoning for reaching that result does not apply to
object code or executables. It's also unclear that Judge Patel's ruling is enough to make export of
crypto source legal by people/organizations located even in the Northern
District of CA. Venue is proper, in an ITAR case, in any jurisdiction which
the defense articles have moved through. (18 USC 3237(a); _US v. Durrani_
659 F.Supp 1177, 1182 (D. Conn, 1987); an easy analogy is to the _US v.
Thomas_ "Amateur Action" case, where Tennessee venue was proper for
prosecution of California defendants who sent porn into Tennessee.) So it's
at least arguable that the feds could simply bring an ITAR prosecution in
another district, if exported crypto flowed through that district. (But I
don't think they can do so against Dan Bernstein because of "res judicata",
a doctrine which says that once two parties have fully litigated an issue,
they cannot come back to the same court - or a different one - and ask to
relitigate the same issue.) So while the ruling has considerable historical, cultural, and symbolic
significance, it's dangerous to assume that it means that export
restrictions on crypto are dead.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-02 01:23:47
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Crypto reg clarification from Commerce Department 
Well done, Lucky.
This is what's needed to kick off a lot of commentary during the next
45-days. Backed by research, to be sure. The outpouring of such
commentary on the full EAR from May 1995 to March 1996 shaped the
final document, and that process is an excellent case study for how
to affect the final form of the latest crypto regs.
It's worth perusing the full EAR in the Federal Register: March 25, 1996 (Volume 61, Number 58), Pages 12713 et seq. for 325 pages (well over a 2.5MB -- it's also on our site, see URL below).
Here's the portion of the EAR that Lucky and Kutz discussed:
[Page 12805]
Sec. 744.6  Restrictions on certain activities of U.S. persons.
    (a) General prohibitions--(1) Activities related to exports. (i) No U.S. person as defined in paragraph (c) of this section may, without a license from BXA, export, reexport, or transfer to or in any country other country, any item where that person knows that such item:
    (A) Will be used in the design, development, production, or use of nuclear explosive devices in or by a country listed in Country Group D:2 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (B) Will be used in the design, development, production, or use of missiles in or by a country listed in Country Group D:4 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR); or
    (C) Will be used in the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons in or by a country listed in Country Group D:3 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (ii) No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA, knowingly support an export, reexport, or transfer that does not have a license as required by this section. Support means any action, including financing, transportation, and freight forwarding, by which a person facilitates an export, reexport, or transfer without being the actual exporter or reexporter.
    (2) Other activities unrelated to exports. No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA:
    (i) Perform any contract, service, or employment that the U.S. person knows will directly assist in the design, development, production, or use of missiles in or by a country listed in Country Group D:4 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR); or
    (ii) Perform any contract, service, or employment that the U.S. person knows directly will directly assist in the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons in or by a country listed in Country Group D:3 (see Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (3) Whole plant requirement. No U.S. person shall, without a license from BXA, participate in the design, construction, export, or reexport of a whole plant to make chemical weapons precursors identified in ECCN 1C350, in countries other than those listed in Country Group A:3 (Australia Group) (See Supplement No. 1 to part 740 of the EAR).
    (b) Additional prohibitions on U.S. persons informed by BXA. BXA may inform U.S. persons, either individually or through amendment to the EAR, that a license is required because an activity could involve the types of participation and support described in paragraph (a) of this section anywhere in the world.
    Specific notice is to be given only by, or at the direction of, the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration. When such notice is provided orally, it will be followed by a written notice within two working days signed by the Deputy Assistant Secretary for Export Administration. However, the absence of any such notification does not excuse the exporter from compliance with the license requirements of paragraph (a) of this section.
    (c) Definition of U.S. person. For purposes of this section, the term U.S. person includes:
    (1) Any individual who is a citizen of the United States, a permanent resident alien of the United States, or a protected individual as defined by 8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3);
    (2) Any juridical person organized under the laws of the United States or any jurisdiction within the United States, including foreign branches; and
    (3) Any person in the United States.
    (d) Exceptions. No License Exceptions apply to the prohibitions described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this section.
    (e) License review standards. Applications to engage in activities otherwise prohibited by this section will be denied if the activities would make a material contribution to the design, development, production, stockpiling, or use of chemical or biological weapons, or of missiles.
The EAR covers all kinds of exports, so encryption and cryptography
provisions are found by searching. The Federal Register published it
in seven 50 page chunks, and is available at:
     Enter the search term: "Page 12713" (with quotes; repeat six times in We've combined the seven parts for searching:
      (2,570K)

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:12:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: THE NEW YORKER on the V-Chip 
While I think it's always useful to consider unintended (or otherwise
unexpected) consequences, Gladwell's argument sent a shiver down my spine
with its shameless paternalism. This bit (from roughly the middle of his
piece) is what I found creepiest:
"According to one recent study, somewhere between twenty and twenty-seven
per cent of the parents of four-to six-year-olds never restrict their
children's viewing hours, never decide what programs they can watch, never
change the channel when something objectionable comes on, and never forbid
the watching of certain programs. It has apparently never occurred to these
parents that television can be a bad influence, and it strains credulity to
think that the advent of the V-chip is going to wake them up. Yet their
families - mainly lower-income, ill-educated - are the very ones most in
need of protection from television violence. Here is a rearranging effect
with a vengeance: not only does the V-chip make television worse, it makes
television worse precisely for those already most vulnerable to its excesses."
I understood Gladwell's point to be, in essence, that the V-chip will allow
TV producers to generate higher levels of morally impure content which he
fears will pollute the minds of poor children because their parents are too
stupid to protect them from the harmful content and too poor to buy new
televisions which will include V-chips.
While I think 95% of broadcast TV is crap which isn't worth the time
expended watching it, even reading arguments like "poor people should be
protected from harmful ideas they're too stupid (or too poorly educated) to
avoid and too poor to purchase protection from" makes me feel dirty. I
don't think Gladwell is, in any meaningful way, an opponent of government
control of speech/expression - he's just an opponent of inefficient or
optional forms of government control of speech/expression.  He's a
reasonable writer, but he's chosen to use his powers for evil instead of
for good. (Some of his work is available on the web; apparently he once
worked as a reporter for the Washington Post and is now on the staff of the
New Yorker.)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-26 08:55:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Toto's database 
An interesting assertion. Is your database available for others to draw
their own conclusions from? I'd appreciate seeing at least a first-level
abstraction of the data, e.g., the number of messages posted in opposition
to moderation and the number of "spam" messages posted, listed by date. The
possibility that other factors caused the correlation you mention suggests
that other categorizations (e.g., total # of messages, # of messages which
are not spam nor related to moderation, and # of pro-moderation messages)
would also be useful, although I notice you do not mention those statistics.
Of course, correlation alone doesn't tell us much. If it really exists, it
suggests that the two phenomena observed are related in some way, but it
doesn't tell us the nature or the cause of the relationship. (All serial
killers drink water; but are all water-drinkers serial killers? Does
drinking water cause a person to become a serial killer?)
One explanation would be the link you suggested, that a moderation
proponent is sending (or causing to be sent) the spams as a way to make
moderation seem more attractive, or to detract attention from the
anti-moderation arguments. (If that really worked - e.g., if spam had the
effect of reducing the effectiveness of certain arguments, or of being
harmfully "diversionary" - wouldn't that suggest that moderation was, in
fact, necessary or at least useful? Hmm.)
Another explanation would be that a moderation opponent is sending the
spams as a way to punish the proponents of moderation.
It's further conceivable that you don't have a big enough data set to draw
meaningful conclusions from. The moderation decision, implementation, and
associated arguing have taken place within three weeks (John Gilmore's
original announcement was sent Sunday 1/5/97); it's hard to see how you're
going to be able to distinguish signal from noise in such a small data set.
I think this is especially true given the relatively inexact nature of the
"spam" weapon; as far as I can tell, apart from Dmitri's ASCII
art/cocksucker messages, the spams we've received have been from real live
spammers (not pissed-off listmembers) who harvested the
"cypherpunks address from messages sent to Usenet as spam bait.
Inherent in the "spam bait" attack is a lack of precise control over when
messages will be sent, or how many will be sent; so I'm curious about the
reliability of a correlation you've found between the actions of
distributed third parties (who are pursuing their own, cypherpunk-ignorant,
goals) and messages sent to the list.
Yet another explanation might identify external factors (like the recent
storms in the American midwest) which caused people to send more messages
independent of their ideology or content. My ISP, io.com, recorded much
heavier mail flow recently (to the point that it created problems for
delivery) during the storm; speculation is that people were stuck at home
for several days and turned to the Net to amuse themselves. Such an event
might cause otherwise independent-minded groups (spammers and moderation
opponents) to act in similar ways, like sending more messages than usual.
Of course, one would expect to see a rise in all message traffic, were this
the case.
Perhaps you'll be good enough to make your database available so that we
may each draw our own conclusions. I'm looking forward to hearing more
about how you derived this correlation. (If you have trouble finding a
server from which to make the data available, just say so; if nobody else
has a handy server, I'll add it to my web page.)
He was at C2Net's party last Friday night (1/24), being interviewed by some
folks from a Japanese TV program.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-27 06:40:47
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fantasy quotes & libel 
[gibberish deleted]
You're mixing up elements of a prima facie case for libel, defenses, and
standards for liability and damages. You're missing some elements, and
adding some extra (contradictory) elements. You're also ignoring at least
two other potential causes of action where a quote is misattributed, as
well as trying to simultaneously discuss criminal and civil actions. Your
summary of defamation law is not an accurate one.
Your original message suggested that misattribution could be criminal.
While this may be true in some jurisdictions (modulo the First Amendment),
no prosecutor is going to waste his or her time with this sort of
silliness. Also, go watch _The People v. Larry Flynt_ and meditate on the
reason why Jerry Falwell lost his libel claim in the trial court. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:16:22
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
Civil actions against people doing "graffiti" are only interesting where
the defendant has assets worth suing for. This economic dimension
substantially limits the number of suits which will be brought.
Corporate plaintiffs, if they chose to bring suit, would in many cases
prefer to sue in federal court. (Federal juries tend to be more
conservative and hence pro-corporate; they're also more likely to be
friendly to an out-of-town corporation suing a local individual). To sue in
federal court, the plaintiff needs to find a federal question or diversity
jurisdiction. Other causes of action (like copyright infringement,
trademark dilution, or false designation of origin) would provide a federal
question and hence federal jurisdiction.  Criminal prosecutions for defamation (in the case of "graffiti") are still
unlikely - a much more straightforward charge would be unauthorized access
to a computer or some flavor of fraud, depending on the facts. Confusion
aids defendants, so I predict prosecutors will avoid defamation law (and
its tar pits of actual malice and the defense of truth) when they are able
to do so and still have a reasonable chance of conviction.
There's a world of difference between understanding technology and screwing
up once in awhile. Perhaps you've never screwed anything up (although your
summary of US defamation law ought to count), but the rest of us do, from
time to time. Were I involved in computer-related litigation, I'd choose an
attorney who could talk to a jury over an attorney who was good with
computers, hands down. Not even a question. And I'd pick an attorney who
owned up to making mistakes sometimes over someone who  imagined him or
herself somehow superior to people who fuck up now and then. I was that "party", and I guess that in trying to be civil I was actually
unclear. If you were a politically important person or organization, and if
Toto's message had caused you real damage, and if Toto were reasonably
available to prosecute, a prosecutor might get interested. But you're not
important, Toto would be difficult to extradite, and you weren't harmed. So
you picked a crappy example to make your point(s) with. Change the facts,
and you'll get a different answer. Duh.
Yeah, I'll bet that your local prosecutor's failure to prosecute Toto is
going to cost them dearly in the next election.
You picked a hypothetical which did a poor job of illustrating the points
you're making in this later message. Do you want to talk about whether or
not Toto is criminally liable for making fun of you while making a point
about ownership of networks and its relationship to freedom of speech, or
do you want to talk about the more general case of liability for
misattribution? If it's the latter, yes, there are some issues there, but I
still think that defamation law is a poor way to address them. You seem to
be having an "I've got a hammer, everything looks like a nail" problem. And all of this seems a bit contrived if the real crypto-relevant point is
"use digital signatures to avoid misattribution". Despite your closing, I haven't seen you write anything about "how it
should be", beyond the idea that people should learn more about digital
signatures. You've forwarded lots of information from other people's web
pages about defamation liability in different jurisdictions, but no
discussion about why the rules we've got now are good ones (or bad ones).
Other commentators have suggested that defamation law is obsolete (Tim May)
or should be reconsidered in light of a victim's ability (via the net) to
reply to a defamer (Mike Godwin). Do you have a proposal along these lines? Your message suggests to me that you're very pro-plaintiff with respect to
defamation (at least when you're the plaintiff), but you haven't explained
why other people should adopt your perspective. You did suggest that juries
are also likely to think it's in their best interests to find for
plaintiffs (because they might find themselves in similar circumstances
someday); but it's unclear to me why that reasoning wouldn't make them
equally likely to side with defendants (because they might be wrongfully
accused of doing something bad), or why your logic wouldn't apply to every
case, not just defamation cases. And, for what it's worth, juries aren't supposed to consider "what is in
our best interest" either as individuals nor as a community, nor is that a
legitimate topic for argument to the jury with respect to questions about
liability or guilt.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:26:04
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy (fwd) 
At 10:42 AM 1/28/97 -0600, Jim Choate:
Um, I was making the reciprocal of your point - that people with no assets
have a special *advantage* with respect to civil suits, they're able to get
away with a fair amount of misbehavior because it's not cost-effective for
plaintiffs to sue them. If you're a defendant, being ignored as not 'worth
it' is a good thing, not a bad thing.
I disagree strongly here. Think about the reputations of Odwalla and
Sizzler and (Burger King? can't remember) after their E. Coli problems.
Think about the reputation of Radio Shack for making mostly crappy
products. Think about the reputation of some ISP's (Netcom, AOL) for
continuing to charge people's credit cards for months after a cancellation.
Reputation has many dimensions beyond credit reports. I agree that people get screwed because they can't afford to litigate or
they can't afford a [good] attorney. But I think that the economic
dimension to litigation is not necessarily all bad - if litigation were
costless, what would prevent people from suing over essentially negligible
disputes? I think it's good for people to stop and ask themselves "Is this
dispute really worth fighting over?" The relatively high cost of litigation
is a way to ration access to a relatively expensive resource, e.g., the
courts. If litigants don't pay that cost, then taxpayers will. (And
shifting more costs to losing litigants makes it easier, not harder, to be
effectively judgment-proof by having few assets.)
I don't think that that web BBS or mailing list messages alone will lead to
much criminal liability for defamation because I think it's difficult to do
a lot of harm in that medium. BBS's have existed for 20+ years now - and
how many online defamation cases have we seen? Maybe 10, total. Off the top
of my head the only ones I remember are _Cubby v. Compuserve_ and
_Stratton-Oakmont_, but there are probably others. Still, we're seeing
what, at best one reported case for every 2 years? Online defamation
liability exists, but I don't think there's ever going to be an avalanche
of cases, simply because the damage involved tends to be relatively small
compared to the monetary and emotional costs of litigation. But Joe Sixpack's lack of protection from abuse is also Joe Sixpack's
protection from prosecution when he hasn't done anything wrong. Look at how
pissed off some people are when Sandy moderates the list - imagine how much
worse it would be if prosecutors were sifting through the list, identifying
messages they thought were "over the line" with respect to defamation and
then prosecuting the wrongdoers. Yow. Some people would be facing
three-strikes minimums based on a single day's messages. :)
I much prefer a world where we can engage in spirited debate without being
afraid of prosecution (or civil suits) over a world where a tiny misstep
means jail or litigation. You're of course free to want something else, but
it's hard for me to see the logic behind arguing against private moderation
but in favor of significant state regulation. Look at the way that big corporations use SLAPP suits to pick on Ma and Pa
Kettle now, and imagine what big corporations could do if it was easier to
create criminal liability for defamation. I think your proposed
strengthening of defamation rules will prove to hurt the "little guys", not
help them. But people who receive the message unsigned know they're getting an
unsigned message (or know that it was signed by the quoter, but not the
quoted author) and can make the appropriate assumptions about the truth of
the attributions, and adjust their assessment of the veracity of the quoter
if it turns out that the quoter is a liar, or if someone challenges the
quoter to produce a signed version of the statement and they cannot.
We seem to have survived OK so far without special rules to punish people
for lying - why do we need special ones for the Net? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:58:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
Defamation is not protected by the First Amendment; but the First Amendment
limits the application of defamation law in many circumstances. For
example, the First Amendment requires plaintiffs to prove "actual malice"
if they are a public official, public figure, or a private person seeking
punitive damages.
So if you want to think of defamatory statements as those which are false
and injurious to someone's reputation, yes, the First Amendment protects
some of them. (By definition, defamation is outside the protection of the
First Amendment, but I get the impression that you're not trying to use it
as a term of art.) The First Amendment protects some lies. As Justice Powell wrote for the
majority in _Gertz v. Robert Welch_, 418 U.S. 323, 339 (1974):
"Under the First Amendment, there is no such thing as a false idea. However
pernicious an opinion may seem, we depend for its correction not on the
conscience of judges and juries, but on the competition of other ideas. But
there is no constitutional value in false statements of fact. Neither the
intentional lie nor the careless error materially advances society's
interest in "uninhibited, robust, and wide-open" debate on public issues.
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. at  270. They belong to that
category of utterances which "are no essential part of any exposition of
ideas, and are of such slight social value as a step to truth that any
benefit that may be derived from them is clearly outweighed by the social
interest in order and morality." Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568,
572 (1942).
"Although the erroneous statement of fact is not worthy of constitutional
protection, it is nevertheless inevitable in free debate. As James Madison
pointed out in the Report on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798: "Some degree
of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing; and in no
instance is this more true than in that of the press." 4 J. Elliot, Debates
on the Federal Constitution of 1787, p. 571 (1876). And punishment of error
runs the risk of inducing a cautious and restrictive exercise of the
constitutionally guaranteed freedoms of speech and press. Our decisions
recognize that a rule of strict liability that compels a publisher or
broadcaster to guarantee the accuracy of his factual assertions may lead to
intolerable self-censorship. Allowing the media to avoid liability only by
proving the truth of all injurious statements does not accord adequate
protection to First Amendment liberties. As the Court stated in New York
Times Co. v. Sullivan, supra, at 279: 'Allowance of the defense of truth,
with the burden of proving it on the defendant, does not mean that only
false speech will be deterred.'
"The First Amendment requires that we protect some falsehood in order to
protect speech that matters."
and Justice Brennan, in _NAACP v. Button_ 371 U.S. 415, 444 (1963):
"For the Constitution protects expression and association without regard to
the race, creed, or political or religious affiliation of the members of
the group which invokes its shield, or to the truth, popularity, or social
utility of the ideas and beliefs which are offered."   So, yes, the First Amendment protects some lies. According to your
hypothesis, the country should be collapsing around us any day now because
of it. Last one out turn off the lights, ok? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-30 00:55:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Politics of Export Restrictions 
I suppose it's plausible, but it's an opportunity open to both candidates,
and more plausibly (because of lack of collaboration) to the Republicans -
e.g., Dan Quayle and the "Crypto Freedom For Americans" platform, promising
to rescue Silicon Valley from those evil regulatory Democrats. If I were an evil politician trying to set up a trick like you suggest, I
think I'd want a scheme that my opponent(s) couldn't hijack and use against
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-02 14:40:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: New rules for Internet sales to CA buyers 
The following subsection of California Business & Professions Code section
17538 took effect 1/1/97 and may be of interest to people following state
attempts to regulate net sales:
   (d) A vendor conducting business through the Internet or any other
electronic means of communication shall do  all of the following
when the transaction involves a buyer located in California:
   (1) Before accepting any payment or processing any debit or credit
charge or funds transfer, the vendor shall disclose to the buyer in
writing or by electronic means of communication, such as E-mail or an
on-screen notice, the vendor's return and refund policy, the legal
name under which the business is conducted and, except as provided in
paragraph (3), the complete street address from which the business
is actually conducted.
   (2) If the disclosure of the vendor's legal name and address
information required by this subdivision is made by on-screen notice,
all of the following shall apply:
   (A) The disclosure of the legal name and address information shall
appear on any of the following:  (i) the first screen displayed when
the vendor's electronic site is accessed, (ii) on the screen on
which goods or services are first offered, (iii) on the screen on
which a buyer may place the order for goods or services or (iv) on
the screen on which the buyer may enter payment information, such as
a credit card account number.  The communication of that disclosure
shall not be structured to be smaller or less legible than the text
of the offer of the goods or services.
   (B) The disclosure of the legal name and address information shall
be accompanied by an adjacent statement describing how the buyer may
receive the information at the buyer's E-mail address.  The vendor
shall provide the disclosure information to the buyer at the buyer's
E-mail address within five days of receiving the buyer's request.
   (C) Until the vendor complies with subdivision (a) in connection
with all buyers of the vendor's goods or services, the vendor shall
make available to a buyer and any person or entity who may enforce
this section pursuant to Section 17535 on-screen access to the
information required to be disclosed under this subdivision.
   (3) The complete street address need not be disclosed as required
by paragraph (1) if the vendor utilizes a private mailbox receiving
service and  all of the following conditions are met:  (A) the vendor
satisfies the conditions described in paragraph (2) of subdivision
(b) of Section 17538.5, (B) the vendor discloses the actual street
address of the private mailbox receiving service in the manner
prescribed by this subdivision for the disclosure of the vendor's
actual street address, and (C) the vendor and the private mailbox
receiving service comply with all of the requirements of subdivisions
(c) to (f), inclusive, of Section 17538.5.
 ---
Legislative history can be found at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-04 00:44:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Personal use exception to ITAR/EAR 
Someone wrote to the list in the last day or so (I seem to have mislaid the
message) asking what happened to the ITAR's personal use exemption. The
introductory comments to the new 12/30/96 regs indicate that:
"License Exceptions TMP and BAG effectively replace the Department of
State's personal use exemption." (Federal Register, p. 68575)
License exception TMP is described at 15 CFR 740.4, and BAG is described at
15 CFR 740.9, both of which are available via John Young's helpful
hypertext version of the EARs at . Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-04 16:01:18
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: New rules for Internet sales to CA buyers 
Yes; but since the law is a criminal statute, the presence of the defendant
is required (absent the defendant's waiver) for a prosecution to occur.
Securing the appearance of an out-of-state or out-of-country defendant
(extradition) is an expensive and complicated process. Violation of the
statute is a misdemeanor, and California is unlikely to try to extradite
someone in order to try them for a misdemeanor charge. (This is an economic
choice, not a legal restriction - I worked on a case when I was in Oregon
where our client, at that time an Oregon resident, charged with a
misdemeanor in California, managed to make the prosecutor angry enough that
the various state & county agencies involved did jump through the hoops to
request extradition.)  By hiring an attorney, of course. :) This is a significant problem; in the
past, it's been difficult enough to do business in far-away places that the
only organizations likely to do so were large enough that they were able to
pay people to keep track of applicable local rules. But now it's easy to
advertise or do business worldwide, and it's very difficult to control
which jurisdictions have access to your advertising materials. So it's
likely that many people and organizations will unintentionally violate many
laws in jurisdictions they're not familiar with. Hopefully the various
enforcement agencies will take this into account when enforcing their laws.
I wouldn't be surprised, frankly, if California never prosecutes anyone for
violation of this law - it's hard to imagine that this will turn out to be
an enforcement priority for anyone.
It is, of course, still useful for selective enforcement, similar to laws
against vagrancy or loitering or public drunkenness, where illegal behavior
is usually ignored but vigilant enforcement is employed to punish or drive
away people who are unpopular for an unrelated reason. If the legislators
really wanted this to be enforced, they'd have given citizens a private
right of action against offending web publishers. Then we'd see some
excitement. C-Net's NEWS.COM has an article on the new law at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-04 18:35:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
Some evildoer has been posting messages to Usenet purporting to be from
"cypherpunks some of the messages posted have been to newsgroups
frequented by the make-spam-fast crowd, so now we've apparently been
identified as within an especially gullible market segment. The messages
sent to Usenet are labelled "SPAM BAIT" (or something like that) -
apparently the sender of the messages thinks they're doing something useful. For me, real time access to Cypherpunks is unproductive; I find that I get
the most value out of the list if I read my accumulated messages once every
day or two instead of once an hour.
Also, at a "macro" perspective, too much feedback can be as harmful or
inefficient as too little feedback.
I think that a "3 posts per person per day" rule might produce interesting
results; at least from my perspective, people who send many messages (> 5,
or so) per day usually don't have anything of substance to say and I
frequently skip all of their posts. It would also encourage people to avoid
the "Me, too" or "I think you're an idiot" messages which can just as
easily be sent privately or not at all. Implementing such a rule would be
disproportionately burdensome technically and politically, so I'm not
seriously suggesting that we implement it, but I do think it's useful to
think of "fewer, better" posts as a goal. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-07 16:41:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I agree that this raises the spectre of liability for messages passed on,
but I'm not sure it's a big problem. I see three broad categories of
information which the moderation liability scheme may suppress:
1.	Copyrighted items such as newspaper/magazine articles
2.	Secrets which are being revealed (e.g., the alleged RC4 source, the
Mykotronix trash stuff) 3.	Defamation
As to the loss of (1), I'm not heartbroken - much of this information is
already placed online by its owners, and can be referred to with a
hypertext link or a reference instead of being posted in its entirety.
Also, some people (who I don't feel like singling out) currently provide
access to third-party copyrighted information, but in a discreet manner.
The "copyright violations" poster(s) could provide access in this way,
unless they're committed to making John Gilmore and the remailer operators
take the heat for someone else's actions. The loss of (2) is regrettable; but Usenet (and other unmoderated forums)
are still available for hit-and-run disclosure of secrets. Also, it's
unclear to what extent (2) will be lost. Given the recent California and
Federal statutory changes strengthening trade secret protection, I think
it's useful to be careful - but it's arguable that neither the alleged RC4
code nor the Mykotronix trash stuff would have been a trade secret
violation. Also, let's weigh the value of what'd be lost (how many of these
messages do we really get?) against the negative value of the crap we're
currently subjected to, and the (speculative) value of posts we don't get
because their authors have left the list because of disgust and annoyance.
I'm not going to lose much sleep over (3). I can't call to mind a single
instance of interesting or useful defamation that I've seen on the Net.
My hunch is that liability for infringement will focus on defendants'
actions after they knew or had reason to know that a particular act of
copying or distribution was a violation of the copyright owners' rights.
Copying data from one place to another is the essence of the net; holding
owners of machines (or moderators) responsible for violations they couldn't
have stopped is nonsensical. I predict (but cannot cite cases so holding) that moderators/listowners
will be held liable for copyright violations they could have detected and
stopped with the exercise of some level of care; but that they will not be
held liable where no reasonable amount of effort on their part could have
prevented the copyright violation. And I think "reasonable" will depend on
the facts at hand. (All of the contributory infringement cases I'm familiar
with have involved a defendant who was aware of, if not actively assisting
with, the underlying infringement.)
Can you name a software package which runs under Windows or the Mac OS
which automatically processes reviewers' opinions against a mailbox of
incoming mail? Better yet, can you name a Eudora plug-in which does so?
Abandoning an imperfect but workable solution because it's possible to
imagine that someone will create something better someday strikes me as
silly. Comparing theoretical software/strategies with currently implemented
software/strategies is comparing apples and oranges. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-10 01:33:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: If guilty of a lesser crime, you can be sentenced for a greater 
The US Sentencing Commission and the guidelines are on the Web - see
 for general Commission stuff, and
 for the 1995 manual (there have
been amendments, but this ought to be good enough for just goofing off).
I haven't seen the recent Supreme Court decision yet, but from the
description it sounds like they haven't done anything more than affirm what
the federal courts have been doing for some time now. In general, crimes or
bad acts which are used at sentencing must only be proved to a
preponderance standard, and the judge is the trier of fact. The use of
uncharged bad acts evidence is old news.
I wish I had some hope that recent trends eroding away vital constitutional
rights would be reversed - but being tough-on-crime is very popular. What
are we going to do when we no longer have even two useful Constitutional
rights to rub together? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-11 00:41:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
I think that the move to human moderation is a good thing, and am pleased
that Sandy will shortly begin to act as moderator.
However, I think that forming lists of "approved people" and "unapproved
people" and treating them differently is likely to do more harm than good,
even if we have nice software which does it very efficiently. I don't like
it for several reasons:
1.	Political. It's symbolically disturbing, and it tends to shift the focus
of the group (and of the moderation process) away from messages, and
towards the people who post them. I think it'd be tempting to turn it into
some sort of bureaucratic system, with punishments (being on the bad list)
and rewards and status changes and written warnings and all of the other
features which frequently bring out the worst in people. I suspect that
agreeing on "the 10 people who are clearly a problem" will turn out to be
as difficult as finding any 10 things that cypherpunks can agree on, and
then we've got to decide who decides who's a problem, and then we've got to
decide how we decide things, and argue about whether or not John Gilmore is
a good person, and [...]
2.	Technical. It requires that the people on the "good list" authenticate
their messages (otherwise people will post with the names of "good people"
to avoid moderation), which imports a lot of hassle with different
platforms and signing and certification and key distribution and [...]
which we don't have good solutions for yet.
3.	 Conceptual. It's a complex problem technically and politically, which
means that it's difficult to understand or debug, and it's got a lot of
points of failure. In general, complex solutions (which require many people
to install and learn new software) are difficult to implement, take longer
than anticipated, and are frequently avoided by the people they're
supposedly helping. (See, e.g., RISKS Digest; both for how a
human-moderated list can work nicely, and for examples of how complex
technical solutions to problems often create more or worse problems than
they solve.)
I think that the human moderator solution suffers less from these problems;
in general, it's a well-tested solution to the "what about off-topic
assholes?" problem. It's not perfect, but it does work, more or less; it's
easy to understand, easy to implement, and requires no software changes on
the users' end.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-13 23:43:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
Seems to me that a defendant who was participating in the challenge (or
working with people who were, or was getting ready to participate) would
have a strong argument that RSA gave implicit permission to use the
patented algorithm in connection with the contest, or that a patent
infringement action by RSA against a defendant who was participating in the
contest would be barred by the doctrine of equitable estoppel. (Very
broadly, equitable estoppel says that you can't tell someone "X", and then
sue them on a theory of "not X", or come to court and argue that they are
liable because of "not X".) Perhaps somewhere in the contest rules there's
a limitation on the software/source code to be used? (I poked through the
contest stuff a few days ago, and didn't see anything like that, but I got
the impression that they weren't entirely finished putting it together.)
YMMV, IANALUIPTB (.. until I pass the bar), etc. But it would be
monumentally stupid to create a contest and then punish people for
participating. The contest seems likely to do two things (beyond test the
strength of the algorithm): develop an installed multiplatform base of
optimized code which runs RC5, and give people who possess/distribute it a
legal reason for having done so. So it'll be tough to stuff the RC5 rabbit
back in the hat when the contest is over. RC5 seems destined to end up like
RSA public-key, Diffie-Hellman, and IDEA - publically available (and
probably deployed in free "rogue" software) yet only available commercially
for a fee. Presumably the RC5 patent (if one is awarded) won't suffer from
the peculiarities of the international patent schemes which made RSA only
patentable in the US.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-15 02:30:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
The Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act of 1994
 amended the federal
wiretap statutes (18 USC 2510 et seq) to make interception of cordless
calls illegal.
Also, pursuant to the CALEA, the FBI reported yesterday (1/14) that they
anticipate the potential need to conduct almost 60,000 wiretaps
"simultaneously" (they define "simultaneous" to mean on the same day) by
10/25/98. (They do some handwaving to explain that while they're saying
they might need to do 60K simultaneous wiretaps, they're not really saying
they *would* do 60K wiretaps, but they're not promising not to, and really,
who are we to question, anyway?) There's a discussion of their methodology
and other bureaucratic poetry in the Federal Register (62 FR 1902, 1/14/97,
try  and search volume
62 of the Federal Register for "calea") but the actual estimates (which are
apparently broken down county-by-county) are only available from the FBI's
Reading Room in Washington DC. Arrgh. (I got the 60K figure from the Murky
News' wire service-to-Email gateway.)
And Jamie Gorelick is resigning. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-15 02:47:43
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
Got a cite for this? I can't seem to find any authority for it. It sounds
to me like a simple economic calculation (it's not worthwhile to sue
noncommercial users for infringement because they usually don't have enough
$ to even pay for the litigation, and "IBM sues 70-year old grandmother"
makes for poor public relations) that got turned into "law" by the
machinery of urban legend.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-19 16:06:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Thoughts re moderation, filtering, and name changes 
(I wrote a pretty long message and decided that the last few paragraphs
said what I was really getting at. So I put the long message on the web at
 and have sent along only the last
bit.) This discussion of public perception now finally reaches what finally
spurred me to write in the first place, which is the relationship of all of
this to the name of the list, and whether the unfiltered list should be
called "cypherpunks" or "cypherpunks-unedited" or whatever. I think that
the dispute over the name (or, more accurately, grumbling and dissent about
John Gilmore's decision about naming) is reducible to a dispute over
whether it's more important that the list be perceived as a "free
expression zone" where any message is accepted, or if it is perceived as a
mailing list with a high signal/noise ratio. At a purely technical level,
these are both non-issues; the name "cypherpunks is merely a
string of text, and we could all just as easily subscribe to
"mxfgfds and motivated subscribers can use automated tools to
tweak the signal/noise ratio to their individual liking. But most people
will follow a path of least resistance; they will (remain) subscribe[d] to
"cypherpunks and they will not use filters, and what they get is
what the world at large will think "cypherpunks" is.
While I don't care (and suspect many others don't care) what the perception
of "cypherpunks" is, per se, I do care about whether or not interesting
people choose to send their thoughts and information to the list. So to the
extent that public perception changes that, I'm interested. And we've been
doing the "free expression zone" for several years, and what we're ending
up with is a mixture that's mostly crap - of the messages I see (and I
filter a lot out), a small fraction (10%?)  is pure garbage (e.g., the
"cocksucker" messages), a large fraction (60%?) is on-topic but
uninteresting or not useful, and the rest is useful in that it's got
information or a perspective I hadn't been exposed to before I read the
message. Other lists which are moderated (either by message or by author)
attract people whose messages are frequently useful; many of those people
have been on the Cypherpunks list at one time or another and have found it
unsuitable. So I'm ready to experiment with a new configuration because I'd
like to get more useful information.  One approach to the name question would be to eliminate
"cypherpunks and force old/new subscribers to choose between
"cypherpunks-edited" and "cypherpunks-unedited". The advantage I see is
that it provides more accurate feedback about what people want; the present
method provides information about the perceived value of unmoderation
weighed against the bother of dealing with subscribing & unsubscribing. The
disadvantage is that it's likely to eliminate many subscribers, and that it
tends to abandon the "cypherpunks history which is, by now, ~5
years old. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-21 07:11:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Disseminating public-key crypto source code 
Disseminating (and even writing) the source code may be an infringement. 35
USC 271 says:
"Infringement of patent
(a) Except as otherwise provided in this title, whoever without authority
makes, uses, or sells any patented invention, within the United States
during the term of the patent therefor, infringes the patent.
(b) Whoever actively induces infringement of a patent shall be liable as an
(c) Whoever sells a component of a patented machine, manufacture,
combination or composition, or a material or apparatus for use in
practicing a patented process, constituting a material part of the
invention, knowing the same to be especially made or especially adapted for
use in an infringement of such patent, and not a staple article or
commodity of commerce suitable for substantial noninfringing use, shall be
liable as a contributory infringer. [...]"
Sorry. Software/algorithm patents make it difficult to develop and
distribute free software. If that pisses you off, tell your congresspeople
you don't like software/algorithm patents. Perhaps someday Congress will
develop a sensible scheme for "protecting" creators' rights in their
software. But they haven't yet.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:44:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: THE NEW YORKER on the V-Chip 
While I think it's always useful to consider unintended (or otherwise
unexpected) consequences, Gladwell's argument sent a shiver down my spine
with its shameless paternalism. This bit (from roughly the middle of his
piece) is what I found creepiest:
"According to one recent study, somewhere between twenty and twenty-seven
per cent of the parents of four-to six-year-olds never restrict their
children's viewing hours, never decide what programs they can watch, never
change the channel when something objectionable comes on, and never forbid
the watching of certain programs. It has apparently never occurred to these
parents that television can be a bad influence, and it strains credulity to
think that the advent of the V-chip is going to wake them up. Yet their
families - mainly lower-income, ill-educated - are the very ones most in
need of protection from television violence. Here is a rearranging effect
with a vengeance: not only does the V-chip make television worse, it makes
television worse precisely for those already most vulnerable to its excesses."
I understood Gladwell's point to be, in essence, that the V-chip will allow
TV producers to generate higher levels of morally impure content which he
fears will pollute the minds of poor children because their parents are too
stupid to protect them from the harmful content and too poor to buy new
televisions which will include V-chips.
While I think 95% of broadcast TV is crap which isn't worth the time
expended watching it, even reading arguments like "poor people should be
protected from harmful ideas they're too stupid (or too poorly educated) to
avoid and too poor to purchase protection from" makes me feel dirty. I
don't think Gladwell is, in any meaningful way, an opponent of government
control of speech/expression - he's just an opponent of inefficient or
optional forms of government control of speech/expression.  He's a
reasonable writer, but he's chosen to use his powers for evil instead of
for good. (Some of his work is available on the web; apparently he once
worked as a reporter for the Washington Post and is now on the staff of the
New Yorker.)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-26 02:55:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Toto's database 
An interesting assertion. Is your database available for others to draw
their own conclusions from? I'd appreciate seeing at least a first-level
abstraction of the data, e.g., the number of messages posted in opposition
to moderation and the number of "spam" messages posted, listed by date. The
possibility that other factors caused the correlation you mention suggests
that other categorizations (e.g., total # of messages, # of messages which
are not spam nor related to moderation, and # of pro-moderation messages)
would also be useful, although I notice you do not mention those statistics.
Of course, correlation alone doesn't tell us much. If it really exists, it
suggests that the two phenomena observed are related in some way, but it
doesn't tell us the nature or the cause of the relationship. (All serial
killers drink water; but are all water-drinkers serial killers? Does
drinking water cause a person to become a serial killer?)
One explanation would be the link you suggested, that a moderation
proponent is sending (or causing to be sent) the spams as a way to make
moderation seem more attractive, or to detract attention from the
anti-moderation arguments. (If that really worked - e.g., if spam had the
effect of reducing the effectiveness of certain arguments, or of being
harmfully "diversionary" - wouldn't that suggest that moderation was, in
fact, necessary or at least useful? Hmm.)
Another explanation would be that a moderation opponent is sending the
spams as a way to punish the proponents of moderation.
It's further conceivable that you don't have a big enough data set to draw
meaningful conclusions from. The moderation decision, implementation, and
associated arguing have taken place within three weeks (John Gilmore's
original announcement was sent Sunday 1/5/97); it's hard to see how you're
going to be able to distinguish signal from noise in such a small data set.
I think this is especially true given the relatively inexact nature of the
"spam" weapon; as far as I can tell, apart from Dmitri's ASCII
art/cocksucker messages, the spams we've received have been from real live
spammers (not pissed-off listmembers) who harvested the
"cypherpunks address from messages sent to Usenet as spam bait.
Inherent in the "spam bait" attack is a lack of precise control over when
messages will be sent, or how many will be sent; so I'm curious about the
reliability of a correlation you've found between the actions of
distributed third parties (who are pursuing their own, cypherpunk-ignorant,
goals) and messages sent to the list.
Yet another explanation might identify external factors (like the recent
storms in the American midwest) which caused people to send more messages
independent of their ideology or content. My ISP, io.com, recorded much
heavier mail flow recently (to the point that it created problems for
delivery) during the storm; speculation is that people were stuck at home
for several days and turned to the Net to amuse themselves. Such an event
might cause otherwise independent-minded groups (spammers and moderation
opponents) to act in similar ways, like sending more messages than usual.
Of course, one would expect to see a rise in all message traffic, were this
the case.
Perhaps you'll be good enough to make your database available so that we
may each draw our own conclusions. I'm looking forward to hearing more
about how you derived this correlation. (If you have trouble finding a
server from which to make the data available, just say so; if nobody else
has a handy server, I'll add it to my web page.)
He was at C2Net's party last Friday night (1/24), being interviewed by some
folks from a Japanese TV program.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-27 01:42:12
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fantasy quotes & libel 
[gibberish deleted]
You're mixing up elements of a prima facie case for libel, defenses, and
standards for liability and damages. You're missing some elements, and
adding some extra (contradictory) elements. You're also ignoring at least
two other potential causes of action where a quote is misattributed, as
well as trying to simultaneously discuss criminal and civil actions. Your
summary of defamation law is not an accurate one.
Your original message suggested that misattribution could be criminal.
While this may be true in some jurisdictions (modulo the First Amendment),
no prosecutor is going to waste his or her time with this sort of
silliness. Also, go watch _The People v. Larry Flynt_ and meditate on the
reason why Jerry Falwell lost his libel claim in the trial court. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-28 01:37:04
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
Civil actions against people doing "graffiti" are only interesting where
the defendant has assets worth suing for. This economic dimension
substantially limits the number of suits which will be brought.
Corporate plaintiffs, if they chose to bring suit, would in many cases
prefer to sue in federal court. (Federal juries tend to be more
conservative and hence pro-corporate; they're also more likely to be
friendly to an out-of-town corporation suing a local individual). To sue in
federal court, the plaintiff needs to find a federal question or diversity
jurisdiction. Other causes of action (like copyright infringement,
trademark dilution, or false designation of origin) would provide a federal
question and hence federal jurisdiction.  Criminal prosecutions for defamation (in the case of "graffiti") are still
unlikely - a much more straightforward charge would be unauthorized access
to a computer or some flavor of fraud, depending on the facts. Confusion
aids defendants, so I predict prosecutors will avoid defamation law (and
its tar pits of actual malice and the defense of truth) when they are able
to do so and still have a reasonable chance of conviction.
There's a world of difference between understanding technology and screwing
up once in awhile. Perhaps you've never screwed anything up (although your
summary of US defamation law ought to count), but the rest of us do, from
time to time. Were I involved in computer-related litigation, I'd choose an
attorney who could talk to a jury over an attorney who was good with
computers, hands down. Not even a question. And I'd pick an attorney who
owned up to making mistakes sometimes over someone who  imagined him or
herself somehow superior to people who fuck up now and then. I was that "party", and I guess that in trying to be civil I was actually
unclear. If you were a politically important person or organization, and if
Toto's message had caused you real damage, and if Toto were reasonably
available to prosecute, a prosecutor might get interested. But you're not
important, Toto would be difficult to extradite, and you weren't harmed. So
you picked a crappy example to make your point(s) with. Change the facts,
and you'll get a different answer. Duh.
Yeah, I'll bet that your local prosecutor's failure to prosecute Toto is
going to cost them dearly in the next election.
You picked a hypothetical which did a poor job of illustrating the points
you're making in this later message. Do you want to talk about whether or
not Toto is criminally liable for making fun of you while making a point
about ownership of networks and its relationship to freedom of speech, or
do you want to talk about the more general case of liability for
misattribution? If it's the latter, yes, there are some issues there, but I
still think that defamation law is a poor way to address them. You seem to
be having an "I've got a hammer, everything looks like a nail" problem. And all of this seems a bit contrived if the real crypto-relevant point is
"use digital signatures to avoid misattribution". Despite your closing, I haven't seen you write anything about "how it
should be", beyond the idea that people should learn more about digital
signatures. You've forwarded lots of information from other people's web
pages about defamation liability in different jurisdictions, but no
discussion about why the rules we've got now are good ones (or bad ones).
Other commentators have suggested that defamation law is obsolete (Tim May)
or should be reconsidered in light of a victim's ability (via the net) to
reply to a defamer (Mike Godwin). Do you have a proposal along these lines? Your message suggests to me that you're very pro-plaintiff with respect to
defamation (at least when you're the plaintiff), but you haven't explained
why other people should adopt your perspective. You did suggest that juries
are also likely to think it's in their best interests to find for
plaintiffs (because they might find themselves in similar circumstances
someday); but it's unclear to me why that reasoning wouldn't make them
equally likely to side with defendants (because they might be wrongfully
accused of doing something bad), or why your logic wouldn't apply to every
case, not just defamation cases. And, for what it's worth, juries aren't supposed to consider "what is in
our best interest" either as individuals nor as a community, nor is that a
legitimate topic for argument to the jury with respect to questions about
liability or guilt.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:17:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy (fwd) 
At 10:42 AM 1/28/97 -0600, Jim Choate:
Um, I was making the reciprocal of your point - that people with no assets
have a special *advantage* with respect to civil suits, they're able to get
away with a fair amount of misbehavior because it's not cost-effective for
plaintiffs to sue them. If you're a defendant, being ignored as not 'worth
it' is a good thing, not a bad thing.
I disagree strongly here. Think about the reputations of Odwalla and
Sizzler and (Burger King? can't remember) after their E. Coli problems.
Think about the reputation of Radio Shack for making mostly crappy
products. Think about the reputation of some ISP's (Netcom, AOL) for
continuing to charge people's credit cards for months after a cancellation.
Reputation has many dimensions beyond credit reports. I agree that people get screwed because they can't afford to litigate or
they can't afford a [good] attorney. But I think that the economic
dimension to litigation is not necessarily all bad - if litigation were
costless, what would prevent people from suing over essentially negligible
disputes? I think it's good for people to stop and ask themselves "Is this
dispute really worth fighting over?" The relatively high cost of litigation
is a way to ration access to a relatively expensive resource, e.g., the
courts. If litigants don't pay that cost, then taxpayers will. (And
shifting more costs to losing litigants makes it easier, not harder, to be
effectively judgment-proof by having few assets.)
I don't think that that web BBS or mailing list messages alone will lead to
much criminal liability for defamation because I think it's difficult to do
a lot of harm in that medium. BBS's have existed for 20+ years now - and
how many online defamation cases have we seen? Maybe 10, total. Off the top
of my head the only ones I remember are _Cubby v. Compuserve_ and
_Stratton-Oakmont_, but there are probably others. Still, we're seeing
what, at best one reported case for every 2 years? Online defamation
liability exists, but I don't think there's ever going to be an avalanche
of cases, simply because the damage involved tends to be relatively small
compared to the monetary and emotional costs of litigation. But Joe Sixpack's lack of protection from abuse is also Joe Sixpack's
protection from prosecution when he hasn't done anything wrong. Look at how
pissed off some people are when Sandy moderates the list - imagine how much
worse it would be if prosecutors were sifting through the list, identifying
messages they thought were "over the line" with respect to defamation and
then prosecuting the wrongdoers. Yow. Some people would be facing
three-strikes minimums based on a single day's messages. :)
I much prefer a world where we can engage in spirited debate without being
afraid of prosecution (or civil suits) over a world where a tiny misstep
means jail or litigation. You're of course free to want something else, but
it's hard for me to see the logic behind arguing against private moderation
but in favor of significant state regulation. Look at the way that big corporations use SLAPP suits to pick on Ma and Pa
Kettle now, and imagine what big corporations could do if it was easier to
create criminal liability for defamation. I think your proposed
strengthening of defamation rules will prove to hurt the "little guys", not
help them. But people who receive the message unsigned know they're getting an
unsigned message (or know that it was signed by the quoter, but not the
quoted author) and can make the appropriate assumptions about the truth of
the attributions, and adjust their assessment of the veracity of the quoter
if it turns out that the quoter is a liar, or if someone challenges the
quoter to produce a signed version of the statement and they cannot.
We seem to have survived OK so far without special rules to punish people
for lying - why do we need special ones for the Net? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 03:22:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
Defamation is not protected by the First Amendment; but the First Amendment
limits the application of defamation law in many circumstances. For
example, the First Amendment requires plaintiffs to prove "actual malice"
if they are a public official, public figure, or a private person seeking
punitive damages.
So if you want to think of defamatory statements as those which are false
and injurious to someone's reputation, yes, the First Amendment protects
some of them. (By definition, defamation is outside the protection of the
First Amendment, but I get the impression that you're not trying to use it
as a term of art.) The First Amendment protects some lies. As Justice Powell wrote for the
majority in _Gertz v. Robert Welch_, 418 U.S. 323, 339 (1974):
"Under the First Amendment, there is no such thing as a false idea. However
pernicious an opinion may seem, we depend for its correction not on the
conscience of judges and juries, but on the competition of other ideas. But
there is no constitutional value in false statements of fact. Neither the
intentional lie nor the careless error materially advances society's
interest in "uninhibited, robust, and wide-open" debate on public issues.
New York Times Co. v. Sullivan, 376 U.S. at  270. They belong to that
category of utterances which "are no essential part of any exposition of
ideas, and are of such slight social value as a step to truth that any
benefit that may be derived from them is clearly outweighed by the social
interest in order and morality." Chaplinsky v. New Hampshire, 315 U.S. 568,
572 (1942).
"Although the erroneous statement of fact is not worthy of constitutional
protection, it is nevertheless inevitable in free debate. As James Madison
pointed out in the Report on the Virginia Resolutions of 1798: "Some degree
of abuse is inseparable from the proper use of every thing; and in no
instance is this more true than in that of the press." 4 J. Elliot, Debates
on the Federal Constitution of 1787, p. 571 (1876). And punishment of error
runs the risk of inducing a cautious and restrictive exercise of the
constitutionally guaranteed freedoms of speech and press. Our decisions
recognize that a rule of strict liability that compels a publisher or
broadcaster to guarantee the accuracy of his factual assertions may lead to
intolerable self-censorship. Allowing the media to avoid liability only by
proving the truth of all injurious statements does not accord adequate
protection to First Amendment liberties. As the Court stated in New York
Times Co. v. Sullivan, supra, at 279: 'Allowance of the defense of truth,
with the burden of proving it on the defendant, does not mean that only
false speech will be deterred.'
"The First Amendment requires that we protect some falsehood in order to
protect speech that matters."
and Justice Brennan, in _NAACP v. Button_ 371 U.S. 415, 444 (1963):
"For the Constitution protects expression and association without regard to
the race, creed, or political or religious affiliation of the members of
the group which invokes its shield, or to the truth, popularity, or social
utility of the ideas and beliefs which are offered."   So, yes, the First Amendment protects some lies. According to your
hypothesis, the country should be collapsing around us any day now because
of it. Last one out turn off the lights, ok? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-01-29 23:39:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Politics of Export Restrictions 
I suppose it's plausible, but it's an opportunity open to both candidates,
and more plausibly (because of lack of collaboration) to the Republicans -
e.g., Dan Quayle and the "Crypto Freedom For Americans" platform, promising
to rescue Silicon Valley from those evil regulatory Democrats. If I were an evil politician trying to set up a trick like you suggest, I
think I'd want a scheme that my opponent(s) couldn't hijack and use against
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-01 16:11:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Someone (Igor?) suggested I said that libel can't be criminalized. I don't
think that's correct, but I may have been unclear. I haven't researched the
question and can't call to mind a case directly on point, but my hunch is
that states may criminalize libel, but a conviction would require that the
state prove, beyond a reasonable doubt (because it's a criminal case), and
that the defendant acted with actual malice (because the state is seeking
to punish speech, and punitive damages in civil cases require proving
actual malice). "Actual malice" means that the defendant said something
s/he knew was untrue or recklessly disregarded the truth of what s/he said.
(This excludes, for example, an "honest mistake" about what's true.) _Times
v. Sullivan_, the case which introduced the actual malice standard,
discussed Alabama's criminal libel statute - so the Supreme Court, in the
mid 60's, didn't seem to have a problem with criminalizing libel. I can't
seem to find a criminal libel statute in California; and if I remember
correctly the Oregon Legislature contemplated but did not pass one during
its last legislative session. Also, people interested in _Times v. Sullivan_ and the interplay between
defamation and the First Amendment might find "Make No Law: The Sullivan
Case and the First Amendment" by Anthony Lewis (ISBN 0-697-73939-4) of
interest. The decision itself is online at
 - the factual summary of the Sullivan case posted here was not
correct, and the first few pages of the opinion provide a description of
the underlying facts.
Since we've now got Jim Bell arguing that it's obvious that a free and open
society must tolerate anything which might be defamatory, and Jim Choate
arguing that it's obvious that a free and open society cannot tolerate
anything which might be defamatory, I think I'm going to wander away from
this discussion confident that the answer is, at least, nonobvious. :)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:26:37
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Dissolving Choke Points 
I don't think it's reasonable to expect an increase in signal within 2 1/2
weeks of the start of moderation. Improvement in the s/n ratio, yes. But
(at least if my speculation is correct), the good posts driven away by bad
posts (because some good authors are too busy to wade through lots of crap,
and some good authors are reluctant to publish their work amidst crap)
would take a much longer time to return.
(I'm working on a message re moderation and the list which will better
explain what I think about that - but I'm not trying to argue, above, that
we *must* have moderation for a long time - simply that it's too early to
call it a failure for failing to significantly increase the number of
useful messages.) No, that is a silly lesson to draw from this experiment. There are lots of
useful and interesting "moderated" (on paper, it's called "editing")
publications/lists/digests where the content is intentionally controlled
for content and style. This particular implementation is imperfect. However, just as it would be
overreaching to conclude from the relative uselessness of the
pre-moderation list that "every list must be moderated, unmoderated lists
cannot succeed", it overreaches to conclude from the current results that
moderated lists cannot succeed.
I think you misspelled "Usenet". Hope this helps. Seriously, if you want a distributed no-choke-points "flooding" message
distribution system, you're talking about Usenet. Robust software exists
for clients and servers, and it's already supported worldwide on many
operating systems. No need to write more software to graft that
functionality onto E-mail. If the list is going to turn into Usenet (we've
already got most of Usenet's better kooks), we might as well just move the
damn thing over to alt.cypherpunks and be done with it. (Anyone care to
guess who founded alt.* as a way to route around censorship?)
(Of course, Usenet is a technical success and a spectacular failure,
content-wise. So opponents of moderation will be forgiven for failing to
mention this sparkling example of an unmoderated, anything-goes forum for
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:41:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Dissolving Choke Points 
My mention of Usenet was somewhat tongue-in-cheek; I don't know if I'd bother
with the list if it were moved to (or gated with) Usenet, as Usenet has
become for the most part 100+ Mb/day of uselessness.
But my impression is that many moderation opponents would also be opponents
of a move to Usenet. Perhaps I'm wrong. But Usenet offers precisely what many
people claim we must have for the list to be viable, e.g.,
uncontrolled/uncontrollable distribution and messaging. So I'm curious about
whether or not the proponents of an open, uncontrolled list really want it to
be *that* open and uncontrolled. In the past, there's been strong opposition
to that. But it's possible that most of the people who had strong feelings
about not wanting to be subjected to the downside of Usenet have already left
the list.
(And if the current opponents of moderation don't want to see the list be
quite that open, I think what we're arguing about here is not "censorship v.
no censorship" but "what degree of censorship do we want? one lump, or two?",
which pretty much eliminates anyone's claim to have a moral high ground from
which to argue.)  There's really nothing stopping anyone from just setting up a gateway. The
list is already gated one-way to Usenet; it shows up many places as
mail.cypherpunks. What's missing is a gateway running the other direction;
from looking headers as messages are received at my ISP (io.com),
toad.com is already in the Path: line, so preventing backfeeding shouldn't be
a problem. (Doh, it's been a few years since I fussed with mail-to-news and
back again, but this isn't rocket science.) The good side I see to a move to Usenet is that it lets people use the
comparatively better tools for managing messages - e.g., NoCeM, threading, nn
(whose killfiles will kill by thread, author, regexp, and can be time limited
so you can easily give annoying people a 30-day 'timeout' and see if they're
still a kook later on), AltaVista and DejaNews archiving/searching, and
server architecture that's designed to cope with storing/indexing many
The down side is that Usenet is more or less a sewer these days, and some of
it's bound to spill over. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:41:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: what's in a name? 
Wei Dai's message raises an important question: what is the relationship
between ownership and list content or quality? Much of the pathology of the list in the past few months can be characterized
as a "tragedy of the commons" problem, where several private actors are
seeking to maximize the gain they can extract from a finite and commonly
owned (or unownable) resource. The resource in this case is the "reputation
capital" which has built up in the terms "cypherpunks" and
"cypherpunks Dmitri Vulis' behavior, where he seeks to punish the
list for failing to punish or ostracize Tim May after Tim was disrespectful
to Vulis, is an attempt to achieve private gain (public retribution) at the
expense of public goods (the continuing quality and good name of the list).
Several authors have characterized John Gilmore and Sandy Sandfort's actions
with respect to moderation and the list as an attempt to monopolize or
appropriate the good name of the list for their own private purposes. (I do
not think that the latter characterization is accurate, but it is at least
popular.) I suspect that many people will see at least one "tragedy of the
commons" problem related to the list.
Some free-market economists have suggested that the solution to "tragedy of
the commons" problems is private ownership - that where economic actors are
given ownership over what might have been owned in common, that they will
seek to maximize their long-term gain through careful management and will not
adopt wasteful or harmful short-term strategies which would have otherwise
seemed attractive.
That view (that private ownership is likely to eliminate or at least minimize
wasteful or nonoptimal use of resources) has historically been a popular one
on the list. Yet private ownership of the list (or of the list's most
concrete identity, the label "cypherpunks") seems wrong to many people.
Are mailing lists an example of a situation where "the tragedy of the
commons" is not a useful metaphor? Are mailing lists an example of "public
goods" where private ownership is impossible, or should be avoided? If not,
shouldn't we work towards more private ownership, not less?
Is the desire for an anarchic community at odds with a desire for good use of
resources? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:26:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Cypherpunks FOIA request 
On 1/18/97, I sent freedom of information act requests to the FBI (main and
San Francisco offices), CIA, NSA, and Secret Service, asking them for copies
of information in their files relating to or referring to the cypherpunks
list, the cypherpunks meetings, and copies of any messages sent from or to
To date, I have received three responses: one from the SF office of the FBI,
indicating that they have no records responsive to my request; one from the
NSA, indicating that they are processing my request, and one from the Secret
Service, asking for a copy of my signature. (I've got no clue why they want
that; unless I screwed up, I believe my initial request was signed.) Copies of my requests and the responses are available online at
I'm not sure what I think about the response from the SF FBI branch - it
seems unlikely that they'd never have paid any attention to the list, given
the media coverage in Wired and other places. On the other hand, maybe the
FBI doesn't read Wired. :) While they're not supposed to be monitoring
noncriminal domestic activity, I figured they'd at least have something about
the Mykotronix stuff. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:40:24
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks FOIA request 
Yes, various law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies have been
willing to lie to the American public (and the world at large) from time to
time :) Pragmatically, the only penalty that the organization(s) and
individuals face is political, e.g., cuts in funding or loss of employment
due to public humiliation/embarrassment.
They are allowed to respond that "no records exist" even if records do exist,
(1)	The records relate to an active criminal investigation, the subject of
the investigation is unaware of the investigation, and the disclosure of the
existence of records would likely disrupt law enforcement activity; (5 USC
552 (c)(1))
(2)	The records relate to a confidential informant, and the disclosure of the
existence of the records would tend to reveal the identity of the informant
(e.g., I suspect Joe Blow is an informant, so I make a FOIA request for
information gained from confidential informant Joe Blow; even if I receive
only blacked-out pages, the fact that the records exist tells me something
about Joe) (5 USC 552 (c)(2))
(3)	The records are classified, held by the FBI, and pertain to intelligence,
counterintelligence, or international terrorism. (5 USC 552 (c)(3))
They may also withhold information in other circumstances, but are not
otherwise allowed to say that "no records exist".
(There's something surreal about presuming careful attention to tiny legal
details from organizations which perpetrated debacles like COINTELPRO, Waco,
Ruby Ridge, perjury/manufacturing evidence in the FBI lab, etc. But sometimes
something interesting is released, e.g.,
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-06 07:11:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Deloitte-Touche, e$pam plug, Moderation, Cypherpunks as a cresote bush 
I think that Bob's e$ list should be considered a viable alternative to the
other two filtered cpunks lists; I recommend it to people looking for a
moderated alternative to the list. (I get e$, but use Eudora and procmail to
suck out the duplicates where messages are copied from lists I already get.)
He also finds a lot of the stuff that used to show up on cpunks but doesn't
any more because people have wandered away.
I've been meaning to write up a long message explaining why I think I'm about
to drop off of the list. It's peculiar to spend a lot of time discussing
things with a group of people over the course of several years and then
disappear without saying why. But I'm having trouble coming up with anything
more profound than "it's not interesting any more." Philosophically, I agree
with Lucky - it looks to me like it's time to kill the list and move on to
other things. But that's not my choice to make, and perhaps other people can
still extract something useful from this. More power to them if they can.
I'm starting to think that cpunks may be similar to college, in that it's a
good thing for a few years, but if you stick around too long you just get
bitter and cranky and frustrated because the new people keep talking about
the same old problems. Don't they know we've already talked about that? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:43:19
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Proposal: alt.cypherpunks (unmoderated) 
[This is a courtesy copy of an article posted to Usenet via Deja News]
Some people, including myself, believe that the Cypherpunks mailing list
(cypherpunks running since sometime in 1992, has outgrown the
mailing list format and should move to Usenet. The advantages once gained
by running as a mailing list (faster propagation, more personal/intimate
atmosphere, freedom from Usenet-style flames & spams) are no longer
present. Questions about the appropriateness of moderation, moderator
liability for various "bad" kinds of messages, and the potential for
content control  where there is a single point for distribution have
become very prominent concerns among list members. It's time to move to
Hence, this prelude to a newgroup.  Two cypherpunk-related newsgroups now
exist; mail.cypherpunks and jyu.ohjelmointi.cypherpunks. mail.cypherpunks
is unsatisfactory to become a destination for Usenet-originated
cypherpunk traffic because its name implies that it's a gateway from a
mailing list. This is presently true, but this proposal is intended to
create a newsgroup which supplements or replaces the current mailing
list. I've got no clue where "jyu.ohjelmointi.cypherpunks" originates,
who's in charge of it, or what "jyu.ohjelmointi" is or stands for.
Judging from the limited selection of messages which seem to reach
DejaNews and AltaVista from it, it suffers from relatively poor
The cypherpunks mailing list currently has approximately 1300
subscribers, sees traffic between 30 and 70 messages per day (est.), and
on its better days discusses technological defenses for privacy in an
information age. Popular topics include encryption, legal issues around
encryption and export control, and the relationship between technology
and social control.
A sample line for the newsgroups file:
alt.cypherpunks  Technological defenses for privacy
-------------------==== Posted via Deja News ====-----------------------
           Search, Read, Post to Usenet

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:45:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Network of majordomos 
I still think you're just rediscovering Usenet technology. Instead of
installing Majordomo, why not install INN, pass traffic as newsgroup(s) (if
you don't like alt.cypherpunks, you could simply start your own top-level
cpunks group(s)), and leave your NNTP port(s) open (or read-only, if you're
an evil CIA brain-stealing censor) so that cpunks at large could connect with
newsreaders or their own servers and send/rcv newsgroup traffic? Many cpunks
could do this (instead of using Majordomo) locally, connecting to each other
to achieve wide propagation and low latency.
And, if you must, run mail-to-news gateway(s) which send the newsgroup to
people who want it as E-mail.
Usenet technology does exactly what you're describing: it's a distributed
database of messages designed to facilitate each server getting its own copy
of every message, and holding it locally for distribution to interested
readers. Other people have been kind enough to write, debug, and document the
software - all you have to do is install it. This could be running tonight. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:13:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
[quoting me]
tonight. Yes, I installed INN and ran a few hundred test messages through it last
night. My machine will be on the net full-time Thursday or Friday. Will yours
be ready then, too? If you need some help setting it up, let me know. It can be a little tricky
if you haven't done it before. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:13:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks created 
According to DejaNews, Mike Duvos has also issued a newgroup for

@_date: 1997-02-13 06:41:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) 
(Readers curious about Jim Choate's list ownership/acceptable use
policies might take a look at .)
What the fuck is "de facto public domain"? It's public domain, or it's
not. Your scheme imposes a cost (loss of intellectual property rights)
against authors who would like to make themselves heard. It also
prevents a certain class of messages (those messages whose status is
"copyright claimed") from being distributed. Further, your suggestion
that posters be required to include a "fair use header" is compelled
That's three flavors of "censorship" right there. I thought that the new
list(s) were supposed to allow anyone to say anything they wanted. (Does "no fair use" count as a "fair use header"? It's not legally
enforceable, but it seems like the easiest way to specify "minimum fair
use required by law". If not, are you planning to moderate the list to
make sure that people use only approved fair use headers? Hmm.) Even if the "copyright abandonment by implication" trick works (and I
suspect it will not, given that an assignment or transfer of copyright
must be in writing, 17 USC 204; and abandonment is essentially an
assignment or transfer to the public domain), it will not apply to all
text sent to the list. A person cannot abandon or assign something they
do not have; so if someone sends a message to the list which contains
text whose copyright is held by a third party, that copyright will still
be valid. So what you've got is a list where you can't be sure that its contents
are public domain, and a draconian rule requiring authors to give up
their rights to what they've written.
Do you imagine that all of the many-majordomo servers will implement
your "public domain only" rule, or only yours? If the rule only applies to the ssz.com version, what's the point?
If the rule is intended to apply to all servers, and servers aren't
going to be allowed into the network without agreeing to implement it
locally, um, tell me again about that "free speech" thing? Aren't you
just taking advantage of your position as a person working on the
many-majordomos project to impose your ideas about intellectual property
on the rest of the list? Is such a strategy compatible with "free
speech"? Also, how could a rule like this possibly be compatible with a Usenet
gateway? There's no chance at all that you can expand a local rule on
your system to all of Usenet through a gateway. Which are good points - also, don't forget that, from time to time,
people have even posted code to the cpunks list, and many software
authors like to retain copyright in their code so that they can insist
on things like noncommercial distribtion or credit where the code is
reused. If a work is truly "public domain", the author has no power to
insist on those things. This proposed rule seems to limit postings to those which are perceived
by their authors to be without commercial or reputational value. Is that
a good idea?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy
gbroiles         | in a nutshell:
 | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-13 15:26:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) 
Is this the policy of the majordomo network, that individual list operators
can make their own policies for their subscribers, but may not/cannot
impose them on other list operators or the other lists' members? It sounds
very reasonable, but it would be nice to be clear about whether or not this
is the case. Are there any rules (other than "no rules") which apply to all lists/list
operators/list subscribers? Can there ever be any? Who would write the
rules, and who must agree to them in order for them to take effect?
Can individual list operators be forced to or forbidden to "peer" with
other machines, or are these "peer" relationships up to each list operator?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-14 06:56:28
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: crypto restrictions 
Yes, that's illegal, unless you get permission for the export. Getting
permission requires jumping through many hoops, and is far from a sure thing.
(It's easier to count on not getting permission. You almost certainly won't
get permission if you want to use >40 bits and you're not going to force your
customers to share their keys with the government.) Consequently, the US is a bad place to write crypto software if you want to
make it available worldwide. Data which may be exported as plaintext may be exported as ciphertext. Data
which may not be exported as plaintext may not be exported as ciphertext. But
in the latter case, it's harder to catch you. :) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-16 16:11:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
I think it would be more accurate to say that this is what it takes to get
cypherpunks into the hands of different control interests. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-18 07:26:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Message-Id / mail2news gateways. 
Yes, this is absolutely crucial if many different systems are going to
cooperatively deal with messages. Message-ID changing is very bad. I sent a
Perl script to Lance (copies to others on request) which can be easily used
as the target of an /etc/aliases entry to gate a mailing list into inews (and
thereby into INN) for processing as a netnews message. (The script preserves
Message-ID.) If we preserve Message-ID's, many sites can have local mail-news
gateways, and we won't (globally) see duplicates. I don't think this is practical - as I understand things, the corpus (bolus?)
of messages will be available to all comers for their own projects, which may
include mail-news gateways, archives, filtered lists, and so forth(*). People
who send messages to the list shouldn't expect that they'll have any
"privacy" in information sent there. (* Modulo copyright, but apparently the industry standards for copyright
issues are:
1.	Ignore them and hope they go away
2.	Pretend to seize control over IP rights of everything posted
neither of which works very well or makes any sense, legally speaking.)
For what it's worth, the list has been gated to two public newsgroups -
albeit not in the Big 7 or alt. - for quite some time. If you think your name
isn't on Usenet, and you've been sending messages to the list, think again.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-20 06:56:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and a Right to Privacy 
Hey, don't forget to shoot the messenger. Chemerinsky's statement is a
concise summary of at least the last 70 years of double jeopardy
jurisprudence. The only thing that's unusual about the use of the "dual
sovereign" doctrine against the cops who beat King was that it's usually used
against ordinary citizens, not cops. Do you suppose it's possible that some of the other evil conspiracies you see
lurking behind every bush are also just reflections of your own fears and
misunderstanding? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-13 17:26:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
[quoting Tim May]
I disagree strongly that a controversial or legally troublesome list (or
other data stream) should be closely associated with a business. While I
agree that it's important that a list be supported by a robust
hardware/software/network infrastructure, businesses tend to be focused on
making money and maintaining business relationships, not on abstract or
philosophical goals like "free speech".
(Also, what is the "right" thing to do where a particular exercise of free
speech looks like it has serious potential to harm the business, thereby
harming or eliminating the list which makes the speech possible? Isn't
every choice a person could make in such a situation reducible to
Every "forum" for free speech occurs exists in the context of economic and
political relationships - and there will always be some message which
threatens (to some degree) the stability of those relationships, and by
implication, the forum itself. Unless we can eliminate economics and
politics (ha, ha) I think that will always be the case - and there will
always be some messages which raise "conflict of interest" problems. But
some forums rest on less stable relationships (like, for example, most
small businesses) and are more easily threatened by difficult messages.
It's much easier to disrupt the income stream of a small business than to
disrupt the income stream from a portfolio of investments or savings. But
even a system whose upkeep was funded by something as unremarkable as
interest on a savings account or a CD would still theoretically be
"conflicted" were someone to use the system to propose or carry out a
scheme to, say, overthrow the U.S. Government, or eliminate the FDIC and
loot various savings & loans. The threat(s) to systems providing transport/storage for controversial
messages are not limited to liability after a judgement; it is becoming
more common for civil plaintiffs to seek (and get) discovery of the actual
hardware owned and used by defendants, in order to look through the storage
media for discoverable information, including "deleted" files. The tactics
the Co$ used against its critics were shocking but also legal (modulo some
irregularities). It's certainly not unimaginable that similar tactics would
be used against a remailer or majordomo operator were the list to pass
traffic that someone didn't like. And if a computer system is the target of
a search warrant in the criminal arena, you'll be lucky if you get to keep
your electronic alarm clocks after the search. Count on everything with a
chip in it going away in the police van.
Most businesses don't want to expose themselves to the threat of civil or
criminal seizure or discovery, especially not at random times and for
non-business reasons. So, to the extent that they're paying attention, they
may choose not to expose themselves to extra liability which carries little
(or no) business value.  Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-04 03:07:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: what's in a name? 
Wei Dai's message raises an important question: what is the relationship
between ownership and list content or quality? Much of the pathology of the list in the past few months can be characterized
as a "tragedy of the commons" problem, where several private actors are
seeking to maximize the gain they can extract from a finite and commonly
owned (or unownable) resource. The resource in this case is the "reputation
capital" which has built up in the terms "cypherpunks" and
"cypherpunks Dmitri Vulis' behavior, where he seeks to punish the
list for failing to punish or ostracize Tim May after Tim was disrespectful
to Vulis, is an attempt to achieve private gain (public retribution) at the
expense of public goods (the continuing quality and good name of the list).
Several authors have characterized John Gilmore and Sandy Sandfort's actions
with respect to moderation and the list as an attempt to monopolize or
appropriate the good name of the list for their own private purposes. (I do
not think that the latter characterization is accurate, but it is at least
popular.) I suspect that many people will see at least one "tragedy of the
commons" problem related to the list.
Some free-market economists have suggested that the solution to "tragedy of
the commons" problems is private ownership - that where economic actors are
given ownership over what might have been owned in common, that they will
seek to maximize their long-term gain through careful management and will not
adopt wasteful or harmful short-term strategies which would have otherwise
seemed attractive.
That view (that private ownership is likely to eliminate or at least minimize
wasteful or nonoptimal use of resources) has historically been a popular one
on the list. Yet private ownership of the list (or of the list's most
concrete identity, the label "cypherpunks") seems wrong to many people.
Are mailing lists an example of a situation where "the tragedy of the
commons" is not a useful metaphor? Are mailing lists an example of "public
goods" where private ownership is impossible, or should be avoided? If not,
shouldn't we work towards more private ownership, not less?
Is the desire for an anarchic community at odds with a desire for good use of
resources? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-05 00:34:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Cypherpunks FOIA request 
On 1/18/97, I sent freedom of information act requests to the FBI (main and
San Francisco offices), CIA, NSA, and Secret Service, asking them for copies
of information in their files relating to or referring to the cypherpunks
list, the cypherpunks meetings, and copies of any messages sent from or to
To date, I have received three responses: one from the SF office of the FBI,
indicating that they have no records responsive to my request; one from the
NSA, indicating that they are processing my request, and one from the Secret
Service, asking for a copy of my signature. (I've got no clue why they want
that; unless I screwed up, I believe my initial request was signed.) Copies of my requests and the responses are available online at
I'm not sure what I think about the response from the SF FBI branch - it
seems unlikely that they'd never have paid any attention to the list, given
the media coverage in Wired and other places. On the other hand, maybe the
FBI doesn't read Wired. :) While they're not supposed to be monitoring
noncriminal domestic activity, I figured they'd at least have something about
the Mykotronix stuff. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:21:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks FOIA request 
Yes, various law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies have been
willing to lie to the American public (and the world at large) from time to
time :) Pragmatically, the only penalty that the organization(s) and
individuals face is political, e.g., cuts in funding or loss of employment
due to public humiliation/embarrassment.
They are allowed to respond that "no records exist" even if records do exist,
(1)	The records relate to an active criminal investigation, the subject of
the investigation is unaware of the investigation, and the disclosure of the
existence of records would likely disrupt law enforcement activity; (5 USC
552 (c)(1))
(2)	The records relate to a confidential informant, and the disclosure of the
existence of the records would tend to reveal the identity of the informant
(e.g., I suspect Joe Blow is an informant, so I make a FOIA request for
information gained from confidential informant Joe Blow; even if I receive
only blacked-out pages, the fact that the records exist tells me something
about Joe) (5 USC 552 (c)(2))
(3)	The records are classified, held by the FBI, and pertain to intelligence,
counterintelligence, or international terrorism. (5 USC 552 (c)(3))
They may also withhold information in other circumstances, but are not
otherwise allowed to say that "no records exist".
(There's something surreal about presuming careful attention to tiny legal
details from organizations which perpetrated debacles like COINTELPRO, Waco,
Ruby Ridge, perjury/manufacturing evidence in the FBI lab, etc. But sometimes
something interesting is released, e.g.,
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-06 00:37:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Deloitte-Touche, e$pam plug, Moderation, Cypherpunks as a cresote bush 
I think that Bob's e$ list should be considered a viable alternative to the
other two filtered cpunks lists; I recommend it to people looking for a
moderated alternative to the list. (I get e$, but use Eudora and procmail to
suck out the duplicates where messages are copied from lists I already get.)
He also finds a lot of the stuff that used to show up on cpunks but doesn't
any more because people have wandered away.
I've been meaning to write up a long message explaining why I think I'm about
to drop off of the list. It's peculiar to spend a lot of time discussing
things with a group of people over the course of several years and then
disappear without saying why. But I'm having trouble coming up with anything
more profound than "it's not interesting any more." Philosophically, I agree
with Lucky - it looks to me like it's time to kill the list and move on to
other things. But that's not my choice to make, and perhaps other people can
still extract something useful from this. More power to them if they can.
I'm starting to think that cpunks may be similar to college, in that it's a
good thing for a few years, but if you stick around too long you just get
bitter and cranky and frustrated because the new people keep talking about
the same old problems. Don't they know we've already talked about that? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-11 00:58:39
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Proposal: alt.cypherpunks (unmoderated) 
[This is a courtesy copy of an article posted to Usenet via Deja News]
Some people, including myself, believe that the Cypherpunks mailing list
(cypherpunks running since sometime in 1992, has outgrown the
mailing list format and should move to Usenet. The advantages once gained
by running as a mailing list (faster propagation, more personal/intimate
atmosphere, freedom from Usenet-style flames & spams) are no longer
present. Questions about the appropriateness of moderation, moderator
liability for various "bad" kinds of messages, and the potential for
content control  where there is a single point for distribution have
become very prominent concerns among list members. It's time to move to
Hence, this prelude to a newgroup.  Two cypherpunk-related newsgroups now
exist; mail.cypherpunks and jyu.ohjelmointi.cypherpunks. mail.cypherpunks
is unsatisfactory to become a destination for Usenet-originated
cypherpunk traffic because its name implies that it's a gateway from a
mailing list. This is presently true, but this proposal is intended to
create a newsgroup which supplements or replaces the current mailing
list. I've got no clue where "jyu.ohjelmointi.cypherpunks" originates,
who's in charge of it, or what "jyu.ohjelmointi" is or stands for.
Judging from the limited selection of messages which seem to reach
DejaNews and AltaVista from it, it suffers from relatively poor
The cypherpunks mailing list currently has approximately 1300
subscribers, sees traffic between 30 and 70 messages per day (est.), and
on its better days discusses technological defenses for privacy in an
information age. Popular topics include encryption, legal issues around
encryption and export control, and the relationship between technology
and social control.
A sample line for the newsgroups file:
alt.cypherpunks  Technological defenses for privacy
-------------------==== Posted via Deja News ====-----------------------
           Search, Read, Post to Usenet

@_date: 1997-02-11 13:05:13
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Network of majordomos 
I still think you're just rediscovering Usenet technology. Instead of
installing Majordomo, why not install INN, pass traffic as newsgroup(s) (if
you don't like alt.cypherpunks, you could simply start your own top-level
cpunks group(s)), and leave your NNTP port(s) open (or read-only, if you're
an evil CIA brain-stealing censor) so that cpunks at large could connect with
newsreaders or their own servers and send/rcv newsgroup traffic? Many cpunks
could do this (instead of using Majordomo) locally, connecting to each other
to achieve wide propagation and low latency.
And, if you must, run mail-to-news gateway(s) which send the newsgroup to
people who want it as E-mail.
Usenet technology does exactly what you're describing: it's a distributed
database of messages designed to facilitate each server getting its own copy
of every message, and holding it locally for distribution to interested
readers. Other people have been kind enough to write, debug, and document the
software - all you have to do is install it. This could be running tonight. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-11 16:31:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Network of majordomos 
As I understand the creation process for an alt. group, someone posts a
proposal to alt.config explaining what's being proposed, waits a week or so
to see if there's a general sense of approval or disapproval or [...] and
then they send a newgroup control message. Individual systems will choose
to add the new group, or not, depending on local policy, administrator
whim, and so forth.
I sent a proposal to alt.config last night (a few hours before I got John's
message indicating that the list is going away, so I wasn't able to include
that fact in my message; it was also ~ 10 hours before I saw Tim's message
re alt.cypherpunks so I was unable to include his more useful statement of
the group's purpose) and intend to newgroup alt.cypherpunks in a week or
so, absent a clear indication from the people in alt.config that it would
be rmgroup'ed or otherwise have a poor chance of success. I don't think a
"charter" is especially necessary or useful in the alt. hierarchy.
One feature of the "alt." groups is that there's no real control over what
happens there. If someone creates a one-way or two-way gateway between one
or more mailing lists and alt.cypherpunks, there's nothing anyone else can
do about it. (modulo cancelbunny/NoCeM, both of which are optionally
honored on a site-by-site basis)
So, the tracks will meet in Utah if someone decides to hook them up.
Perhaps this will be you?
As far as I'm concerned, nobody owns the word "cypherpunks" and we're all
free to use it in any way we please - e.g., Igor can suggest
"comp.org.cypherpunks", eight people can run "cypherpunks mailing
lists, and so forth. Looking for one unified acceptable-to-everyone
solution is pointless on this list. Let "n" flowers bloom.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:55:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: List for discussing many majordomos 
Yes, this is a good idea. One of the proponents of the "many majordomos"
project apparently has plans to impose his own ideas about intellectual
property on the project, and this seems like a pretty serious thing for a
setup that's allegedly going to prevent censorship. We need a place to
discuss this.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-12 14:29:23
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Network of majordomos (fwd) 
[quoting me]
tonight. Yes, I installed INN and ran a few hundred test messages through it last
night. My machine will be on the net full-time Thursday or Friday. Will yours
be ready then, too? If you need some help setting it up, let me know. It can be a little tricky
if you haven't done it before. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:04:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks created 
According to DejaNews, Mike Duvos has also issued a newgroup for

@_date: 1997-02-13 02:08:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) 
(Readers curious about Jim Choate's list ownership/acceptable use
policies might take a look at .)
What the fuck is "de facto public domain"? It's public domain, or it's
not. Your scheme imposes a cost (loss of intellectual property rights)
against authors who would like to make themselves heard. It also
prevents a certain class of messages (those messages whose status is
"copyright claimed") from being distributed. Further, your suggestion
that posters be required to include a "fair use header" is compelled
That's three flavors of "censorship" right there. I thought that the new
list(s) were supposed to allow anyone to say anything they wanted. (Does "no fair use" count as a "fair use header"? It's not legally
enforceable, but it seems like the easiest way to specify "minimum fair
use required by law". If not, are you planning to moderate the list to
make sure that people use only approved fair use headers? Hmm.) Even if the "copyright abandonment by implication" trick works (and I
suspect it will not, given that an assignment or transfer of copyright
must be in writing, 17 USC 204; and abandonment is essentially an
assignment or transfer to the public domain), it will not apply to all
text sent to the list. A person cannot abandon or assign something they
do not have; so if someone sends a message to the list which contains
text whose copyright is held by a third party, that copyright will still
be valid. So what you've got is a list where you can't be sure that its contents
are public domain, and a draconian rule requiring authors to give up
their rights to what they've written.
Do you imagine that all of the many-majordomo servers will implement
your "public domain only" rule, or only yours? If the rule only applies to the ssz.com version, what's the point?
If the rule is intended to apply to all servers, and servers aren't
going to be allowed into the network without agreeing to implement it
locally, um, tell me again about that "free speech" thing? Aren't you
just taking advantage of your position as a person working on the
many-majordomos project to impose your ideas about intellectual property
on the rest of the list? Is such a strategy compatible with "free
speech"? Also, how could a rule like this possibly be compatible with a Usenet
gateway? There's no chance at all that you can expand a local rule on
your system to all of Usenet through a gateway. Which are good points - also, don't forget that, from time to time,
people have even posted code to the cpunks list, and many software
authors like to retain copyright in their code so that they can insist
on things like noncommercial distribtion or credit where the code is
reused. If a work is truly "public domain", the author has no power to
insist on those things. This proposed rule seems to limit postings to those which are perceived
by their authors to be without commercial or reputational value. Is that
a good idea?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy
gbroiles         | in a nutshell:
 | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-13 14:52:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Private property & the cypherpunks list(s) 
Is this the policy of the majordomo network, that individual list operators
can make their own policies for their subscribers, but may not/cannot
impose them on other list operators or the other lists' members? It sounds
very reasonable, but it would be nice to be clear about whether or not this
is the case. Are there any rules (other than "no rules") which apply to all lists/list
operators/list subscribers? Can there ever be any? Who would write the
rules, and who must agree to them in order for them to take effect?
Can individual list operators be forced to or forbidden to "peer" with
other machines, or are these "peer" relationships up to each list operator?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-13 15:38:43
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Recommendation: Creation of "alt.cypherpunks" (fwd) 
[quoting Tim May]
I disagree strongly that a controversial or legally troublesome list (or
other data stream) should be closely associated with a business. While I
agree that it's important that a list be supported by a robust
hardware/software/network infrastructure, businesses tend to be focused on
making money and maintaining business relationships, not on abstract or
philosophical goals like "free speech".
(Also, what is the "right" thing to do where a particular exercise of free
speech looks like it has serious potential to harm the business, thereby
harming or eliminating the list which makes the speech possible? Isn't
every choice a person could make in such a situation reducible to
Every "forum" for free speech occurs exists in the context of economic and
political relationships - and there will always be some message which
threatens (to some degree) the stability of those relationships, and by
implication, the forum itself. Unless we can eliminate economics and
politics (ha, ha) I think that will always be the case - and there will
always be some messages which raise "conflict of interest" problems. But
some forums rest on less stable relationships (like, for example, most
small businesses) and are more easily threatened by difficult messages.
It's much easier to disrupt the income stream of a small business than to
disrupt the income stream from a portfolio of investments or savings. But
even a system whose upkeep was funded by something as unremarkable as
interest on a savings account or a CD would still theoretically be
"conflicted" were someone to use the system to propose or carry out a
scheme to, say, overthrow the U.S. Government, or eliminate the FDIC and
loot various savings & loans. The threat(s) to systems providing transport/storage for controversial
messages are not limited to liability after a judgement; it is becoming
more common for civil plaintiffs to seek (and get) discovery of the actual
hardware owned and used by defendants, in order to look through the storage
media for discoverable information, including "deleted" files. The tactics
the Co$ used against its critics were shocking but also legal (modulo some
irregularities). It's certainly not unimaginable that similar tactics would
be used against a remailer or majordomo operator were the list to pass
traffic that someone didn't like. And if a computer system is the target of
a search warrant in the criminal arena, you'll be lucky if you get to keep
your electronic alarm clocks after the search. Count on everything with a
chip in it going away in the police van.
Most businesses don't want to expose themselves to the threat of civil or
criminal seizure or discovery, especially not at random times and for
non-business reasons. So, to the extent that they're paying attention, they
may choose not to expose themselves to extra liability which carries little
(or no) business value.  Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-13 23:49:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: crypto restrictions 
Yes, that's illegal, unless you get permission for the export. Getting
permission requires jumping through many hoops, and is far from a sure thing.
(It's easier to count on not getting permission. You almost certainly won't
get permission if you want to use >40 bits and you're not going to force your
customers to share their keys with the government.) Consequently, the US is a bad place to write crypto software if you want to
make it available worldwide. Data which may be exported as plaintext may be exported as ciphertext. Data
which may not be exported as plaintext may not be exported as ciphertext. But
in the latter case, it's harder to catch you. :) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-16 15:31:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
I think it would be more accurate to say that this is what it takes to get
cypherpunks into the hands of different control interests. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-18 01:33:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Message-Id / mail2news gateways. 
Yes, this is absolutely crucial if many different systems are going to
cooperatively deal with messages. Message-ID changing is very bad. I sent a
Perl script to Lance (copies to others on request) which can be easily used
as the target of an /etc/aliases entry to gate a mailing list into inews (and
thereby into INN) for processing as a netnews message. (The script preserves
Message-ID.) If we preserve Message-ID's, many sites can have local mail-news
gateways, and we won't (globally) see duplicates. I don't think this is practical - as I understand things, the corpus (bolus?)
of messages will be available to all comers for their own projects, which may
include mail-news gateways, archives, filtered lists, and so forth(*). People
who send messages to the list shouldn't expect that they'll have any
"privacy" in information sent there. (* Modulo copyright, but apparently the industry standards for copyright
issues are:
1.	Ignore them and hope they go away
2.	Pretend to seize control over IP rights of everything posted
neither of which works very well or makes any sense, legally speaking.)
For what it's worth, the list has been gated to two public newsgroups -
albeit not in the Big 7 or alt. - for quite some time. If you think your name
isn't on Usenet, and you've been sending messages to the list, think again.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-20 00:44:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and a Right to Privacy 
Hey, don't forget to shoot the messenger. Chemerinsky's statement is a
concise summary of at least the last 70 years of double jeopardy
jurisprudence. The only thing that's unusual about the use of the "dual
sovereign" doctrine against the cops who beat King was that it's usually used
against ordinary citizens, not cops. Do you suppose it's possible that some of the other evil conspiracies you see
lurking behind every bush are also just reflections of your own fears and
misunderstanding? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-21 00:47:14
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Double jeopardy, was Re: Constitution and a Right to Privacy 
(Ok, no, this doesn't have shit to do with C-punks, but I figure this is
going to the flames list anyway. Sue me for being off-topic.)
While I think that the "dual sovereigns" theory is BS, I don't see how
declaring a mistrial wouldn't run into more or less the same DJ problem.
(Sometimes a retrial after a mistrial has a DJ problem, sometimes not - the
core question is whose fault the mistrial was. If it was caused intentionally
by the prosecution, the DJ clause will bar a retrial; but if the mistake was
nobody's fault or the defense's fault, DJ does not bar a retrial.) But if the federal government just looked at state prosecutions which ended
in a way that the feds didn't agree with, and arbitrarily declared mistrials
and retried the defendant(s), we're back at the same double jeopardy problem
- - a person is being tried twice for the same act(s). (Also, after mistrial,
the retrial is generally held  in the same court, but with a different jury.
Such a mistrial wouldn't solve the "prejudiced local jury" or "prejudiced
judge" problem.) Calling the excuse for the second trial "dual sovereigns" or
"mistrial" or "miscarriage of justice" doesn't change the basic facts. But there is a real problem behind the "dual sovereign" excuse/doctrine, and
that is that the two sovereigns may in fact have different interests or
different motives - like the example you mentioned, where local Southern
juries were reluctant (or outright unwilling) to convict local white people
for crimes committed against black people. The state government thought that
its interests were best served by a racially discriminatory criminal justice
system, or by ignoring injustice and discrimination. The federal government
(at least some parts of it) thought otherwise, or found it expedient to look
like they thought otherwise. How can the federal government pursue its
interests, let the state pursue its interests, and preserve both a meaningful
system of federal rights and respect for federalism? I agree that the "dual sovereign" doctrine is problematic, but I can't
articulate a better way to organize things and address the federalism/federal
rights problem, either. (One approach is to define the problem away, by
making some or all crimes exclusively federal or exclusively state crimes;
the problem is, voters like "tough on crime" legislators, and seem to vote
them into both state and federal legislatures. Unfortunately, we're
(collectively) getting what we're asking for.)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-23 15:16:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: CIA Lie 
I received a reply to my FOIA request re cpunks to the CIA; it indicates
that they "doubt" that they have any records responsive to my request, and
think I'd be better served by writing to the FCC. (?!) It's at
. I'm going to write back
and ask them to actually comply with FOIA, e.g., look through their files,
instead of just guessing that there probably isn't anything in there. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-23 17:48:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: CIA Lie 
I think I'd only be disappointed, given the high quality of goofball
conspiracy theory I've grown accustomed to on the list. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-26 07:28:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Distributed cracks, law, and cryptoanarchy 
If this is the case, it seems like it'd be useful to consider what sort of
social/legal/technical environment is most likely to result in "something"
that you can download, make, run, and forget.
Hence, discussion about legal and technical approaches which are likely to
satisfy organizers' desires to control the direction & results of their
projects. A distributed crack needs client software, and a coordinated
distributed crack needs some sort of coordination mechanism. The current
set of rewards available to potential organizers doesn't seem to be
inspiring an outpouring of effort. (No offense is intended to people who
are actually deploying things; the "lack of outpouring" comment refers to
the number of different efforts, not the commitment exhibited by those who
are working now.) That's a very noble sentiment, but until *you* write some software, the
risk that you're dismissing is *someone else's* risk - so you're balancing
a public good against someone else's loss, and deciding that it works out
nicely for you. Well, sure. You seem to be willing to give up the nominal
value of the prize (somewhere under $1, when discounted against the chance
of hitting the key) but you don't seem to be willing to invest anything
substantial (like many hours of programming time, or serious computing
horsepower) in the bruting effort. I'll cheerfully admit that my level of commitment is similar to yours - I
don't mind letting someone else's software eat up my idle cycles. But I'd
have to see some tangible benefit to me before I'd be willing to put any
real time or effort into a crack, and I suspect this is true of many
others, too. The value of the $10K prize alone isn't that attractive,
because with puny hardware it's a very long shot, and with meaningful
hardware, the cost of the hardware dwarfs the value of the prize. I don't think it's realistic or useful to pretend to ignore economics. I
believe that you are not ignoring economic considerations when you fail to
invest significantly in the bruting effort, and I don't think there's
anything wrong with that. My point is that if we want to see a brute-force
attack succeed, and we want the threat of other brute-force attacks to be
credible, we should find a way to organize rights & obligations such that
it looks rational to act as the organizer of a brute-force effort. The
current configuration doesn't seem to inspire widespread significant interest.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:48:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Network of majordomos 
As I understand the creation process for an alt. group, someone posts a
proposal to alt.config explaining what's being proposed, waits a week or so
to see if there's a general sense of approval or disapproval or [...] and
then they send a newgroup control message. Individual systems will choose
to add the new group, or not, depending on local policy, administrator
whim, and so forth.
I sent a proposal to alt.config last night (a few hours before I got John's
message indicating that the list is going away, so I wasn't able to include
that fact in my message; it was also ~ 10 hours before I saw Tim's message
re alt.cypherpunks so I was unable to include his more useful statement of
the group's purpose) and intend to newgroup alt.cypherpunks in a week or
so, absent a clear indication from the people in alt.config that it would
be rmgroup'ed or otherwise have a poor chance of success. I don't think a
"charter" is especially necessary or useful in the alt. hierarchy.
One feature of the "alt." groups is that there's no real control over what
happens there. If someone creates a one-way or two-way gateway between one
or more mailing lists and alt.cypherpunks, there's nothing anyone else can
do about it. (modulo cancelbunny/NoCeM, both of which are optionally
honored on a site-by-site basis)
So, the tracks will meet in Utah if someone decides to hook them up.
Perhaps this will be you?
As far as I'm concerned, nobody owns the word "cypherpunks" and we're all
free to use it in any way we please - e.g., Igor can suggest
"comp.org.cypherpunks", eight people can run "cypherpunks mailing
lists, and so forth. Looking for one unified acceptable-to-everyone
solution is pointless on this list. Let "n" flowers bloom.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:13:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: List for discussing many majordomos 
Yes, this is a good idea. One of the proponents of the "many majordomos"
project apparently has plans to impose his own ideas about intellectual
property on the project, and this seems like a pretty serious thing for a
setup that's allegedly going to prevent censorship. We need a place to
discuss this.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-01 15:04:33
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Someone (Igor?) suggested I said that libel can't be criminalized. I don't
think that's correct, but I may have been unclear. I haven't researched the
question and can't call to mind a case directly on point, but my hunch is
that states may criminalize libel, but a conviction would require that the
state prove, beyond a reasonable doubt (because it's a criminal case), and
that the defendant acted with actual malice (because the state is seeking
to punish speech, and punitive damages in civil cases require proving
actual malice). "Actual malice" means that the defendant said something
s/he knew was untrue or recklessly disregarded the truth of what s/he said.
(This excludes, for example, an "honest mistake" about what's true.) _Times
v. Sullivan_, the case which introduced the actual malice standard,
discussed Alabama's criminal libel statute - so the Supreme Court, in the
mid 60's, didn't seem to have a problem with criminalizing libel. I can't
seem to find a criminal libel statute in California; and if I remember
correctly the Oregon Legislature contemplated but did not pass one during
its last legislative session. Also, people interested in _Times v. Sullivan_ and the interplay between
defamation and the First Amendment might find "Make No Law: The Sullivan
Case and the First Amendment" by Anthony Lewis (ISBN 0-697-73939-4) of
interest. The decision itself is online at
 - the factual summary of the Sullivan case posted here was not
correct, and the first few pages of the opinion provide a description of
the underlying facts.
Since we've now got Jim Bell arguing that it's obvious that a free and open
society must tolerate anything which might be defamatory, and Jim Choate
arguing that it's obvious that a free and open society cannot tolerate
anything which might be defamatory, I think I'm going to wander away from
this discussion confident that the answer is, at least, nonobvious. :)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:53:53
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Dissolving Choke Points 
I don't think it's reasonable to expect an increase in signal within 2 1/2
weeks of the start of moderation. Improvement in the s/n ratio, yes. But
(at least if my speculation is correct), the good posts driven away by bad
posts (because some good authors are too busy to wade through lots of crap,
and some good authors are reluctant to publish their work amidst crap)
would take a much longer time to return.
(I'm working on a message re moderation and the list which will better
explain what I think about that - but I'm not trying to argue, above, that
we *must* have moderation for a long time - simply that it's too early to
call it a failure for failing to significantly increase the number of
useful messages.) No, that is a silly lesson to draw from this experiment. There are lots of
useful and interesting "moderated" (on paper, it's called "editing")
publications/lists/digests where the content is intentionally controlled
for content and style. This particular implementation is imperfect. However, just as it would be
overreaching to conclude from the relative uselessness of the
pre-moderation list that "every list must be moderated, unmoderated lists
cannot succeed", it overreaches to conclude from the current results that
moderated lists cannot succeed.
I think you misspelled "Usenet". Hope this helps. Seriously, if you want a distributed no-choke-points "flooding" message
distribution system, you're talking about Usenet. Robust software exists
for clients and servers, and it's already supported worldwide on many
operating systems. No need to write more software to graft that
functionality onto E-mail. If the list is going to turn into Usenet (we've
already got most of Usenet's better kooks), we might as well just move the
damn thing over to alt.cypherpunks and be done with it. (Anyone care to
guess who founded alt.* as a way to route around censorship?)
(Of course, Usenet is a technical success and a spectacular failure,
content-wise. So opponents of moderation will be forgiven for failing to
mention this sparkling example of an unmoderated, anything-goes forum for
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-02-04 02:28:46
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Dissolving Choke Points 
My mention of Usenet was somewhat tongue-in-cheek; I don't know if I'd bother
with the list if it were moved to (or gated with) Usenet, as Usenet has
become for the most part 100+ Mb/day of uselessness.
But my impression is that many moderation opponents would also be opponents
of a move to Usenet. Perhaps I'm wrong. But Usenet offers precisely what many
people claim we must have for the list to be viable, e.g.,
uncontrolled/uncontrollable distribution and messaging. So I'm curious about
whether or not the proponents of an open, uncontrolled list really want it to
be *that* open and uncontrolled. In the past, there's been strong opposition
to that. But it's possible that most of the people who had strong feelings
about not wanting to be subjected to the downside of Usenet have already left
the list.
(And if the current opponents of moderation don't want to see the list be
quite that open, I think what we're arguing about here is not "censorship v.
no censorship" but "what degree of censorship do we want? one lump, or two?",
which pretty much eliminates anyone's claim to have a moral high ground from
which to argue.)  There's really nothing stopping anyone from just setting up a gateway. The
list is already gated one-way to Usenet; it shows up many places as
mail.cypherpunks. What's missing is a gateway running the other direction;
from looking headers as messages are received at my ISP (io.com),
toad.com is already in the Path: line, so preventing backfeeding shouldn't be
a problem. (Doh, it's been a few years since I fussed with mail-to-news and
back again, but this isn't rocket science.) The good side I see to a move to Usenet is that it lets people use the
comparatively better tools for managing messages - e.g., NoCeM, threading, nn
(whose killfiles will kill by thread, author, regexp, and can be time limited
so you can easily give annoying people a 30-day 'timeout' and see if they're
still a kook later on), AltaVista and DejaNews archiving/searching, and
server architecture that's designed to cope with storing/indexing many
The down side is that Usenet is more or less a sewer these days, and some of
it's bound to spill over. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-05 06:38:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Pro-CODE Bill could make things worse! 
I don't think that Pro-CODE can be used to control the dissemination of
remailers. The bit of Pro-CODE at issue here (section 5(c)(3)(B) "The
Secretary shall prohibit the export or reexport of particular computer
software and hardware *described in this subsection* to an identified
individual or organization . . if the Secretary determines that there is
substantial evidence that such software and computer hardware will be . .
(iv) intentionally used to evade enforcement of US law or taxation by the
US or by any State or local government." (emphasis added)
I read "described in this subsection" to refer to Section 5(c), and the
best description I can find in 5(c) of computer hardware and software is
"computer hardware, computer software, and technology with encryption
capabilities, except computer hardware, computer software, and technology
that is specifically designed or modified for military use, including
command, control, and intelligence applications", in section 5(c)(1).
So I don't think that this creates a new ability to control the
dissemination of non-crypto hardware or software. (The Mixmaster remailer
software, which does include crypto, would still be controlled.) The prohibitions on export to named individuals and organizations will be
effectively useless with respect to those parties getting strong crypto -
the only utility I can see in such a clause is to be used as a club against
domestic sympathizers/allies of unpopular groups/people abroad. It also
seems likely to lead to yet another round of worrying about whether the
format of a particular distribution site on the Internet is sufficiently
configured - if ProCODE passes, instead of asking "Are you a US citizen?",
distribution sites will ask "Are you on the list of forbidden people?" Same
difference. Indeed. The "Findings/Purpose" text (Section 2), includes the following:
"(16) The Federal Government has legitimate law enforcement and national
security objectives which necessitate the disclosure to the Federal
Government of general information that is neither proprietary nor
confidential by experts in information security industries, including
cryptographers, engineers, and others designated in the design and
development of information security products. *By relaxing export controls
on encryption products and programs, this Act creates an obligation on the
part of representatives of companies involved in the export of information
security products to share information about these products to designated
representatives of the Federal Government.*" (emphasis added)
and Section 5(c)(4)(A) reads:
"Exports. The publisher or manufacturer of computer software or hardware
with encryption capabilities shall disclose (for reporting purposes only)
within 30 days after export to the Secretary such information regarding a
program's or product's encryption capabilities as would be required for an
individual license to export that program or product." The former has no real force, as "findings" aren't enforceable, but are
intended for use by courts who are interpreting or construing a statute.
But I don't see a technical reason why the latter wouldn't be enforceable.
(Modulo the First Amendment, of course.) Another feature of Pro-CODE that I haven't seen discussed is that it
restricts the *private* dissemination of code - e.g., a US programmer may
make his/her code globally available (if it is "generally available, as is,
and designed for installation by the user or purchaser", section
5(c)(2)(a)(i)), but a US programmer may not (assuming the current
regulations, or similar regs, are in force) share code privately (say,
pre-release) with foreign programmers. My hunch is that the drafters didn't
intend this consequence, but I think it's a logical conclusion given that
(a) Pro-CODE doesn't define "export", (b) current regulations define
"export" as, roughly, providing software to non-US persons, and (c)
Pro-CODE only allows "generally available, as is, and designed for
installation by the user" software to be exported. So it still won't be
legal for a US person to work collaboratively with a foreigner on
development (even if the development took place in a public forum, like
sci.crypt, the intermediate drafts probably wouldn't be "designed for
installation by the user"), nor for a US person to write crypto for
internal corporate use, or to share crypto code with friends overseas
without making a public release.  Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-05 07:45:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: ECPA/1997: the other shoe? 
I've seen discussion on various lists and in the media about the reissue of
Sen. Burns' Pro-CODE bill (S. 377); I was poking around thomas.loc.gov for
information about S. 377 and ran across S. 376, introduced by Sen. Leahy,
the "Encrypted Communications Privacy Act of 1997", which implements a lot
of legislation that cypherpunks types have been speculating about for
several years now.
I couldn't find an easily-accessible version of the bill's text on thomas,
so I cobbled one together from the online version of the Congressional
Register. It's located at . I
HTML-ized it in a hurry, so please rely on the official version when one
becomes available. I haven't had a chance to go over it in detail, but it purports to do these
Makes the use of any cryptosystem in the US, or by US persons on foreign
soil, legal;
Prohibits the implementation of mandatory key escrow
Establishes standards and procedures under which key escrow agents may
release escrowed keys (including criminalizing wrongful release and
wrongful failure to release pursuant to court order/other authorization)
Criminalizes the willful use of encryption to obstruct justice
Confirms that it is legal to sell any cryptosystem within the US Sets standards for the release of keys to foreign governments
I'll post a more detailed summary later when I've had a chance to go over
the bill more carefully.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-05 08:11:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Wassenaar Arrangement 
Has anyone had any luck finding the actual text of the Wassenaar
Arrangement? The Arms Control & Disarmament Agency has a summary/factsheet
available on its web site (mirrored, I believe, on JYA's web site) but I
haven't been able to find a copy of the actual text. I spoke with someone
this morning at the ACDA who said that the actual text "has not been
released by our government" and that to his knowledge it had not been
publicly released by any government. I'm faxing a FOIA request to their
legal folks this morning (talked to someone in their general counsel's
office who said he wasn't sure if it was available via FOIA or not) but I
suspect I won't get it.
Has anyone actually seen the text of the thing? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-06 21:10:57
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Pro-CODE Bill could make things worse! 
The usual "takings" rule is that property must be rendered [virtually]
worthless by regulations/legislation, not just burdened, in order for
government to have effected a "taking". So it's hard to say that burdening
the use/sale of crypto constitutes a taking. And I think it'd be hard to
say that the mandatory reporting is a "taking" of information, mostly
because (modulo trade secret) it's neither unusual nor illegal for the
government to require other information disclosures, without compensation
and for the government's own nefarious purposes. (See, e.g., tax forms,
business registrations, SEC filings, various real/personal property
tracking schemes.) Also, that "taking" does not destroy the information or
render it worthless. Which is not to say that I like the rule (I don't), but I don't think that
a court will see a "taking" here.
I'm also unclear about the power of the Information Security Board to
subpoena unwilling witnesses/representatives to testify before it. I don't
know what, if any, subpoena power is available to the executive branch. All
of the easy examples of subpoenas/compelled testimony I can call to mind
take place in a judicial or legislative setting. I'm going to read more
about this and see if I can find anything interesting. The general rule is that where the information is otherwise
confidential/proprietary, the government must or will maintain that status.
This is one argument against making the meetings of the review board open
to the public; if they force you to disclose your trade secrets to a small
group of people who are legally obligated to keep them secret, that's one
thing - but if they force you to disclose your trade secrets on the public
record or in an open meeting, that's another. (And that might be a taking,
because trade secret status would be lost, e.g., the trade secret is
destroyed/valueless.) Hmm. Dunno if the Federal Tort Claims Act allows copyright suits or not. Umm. My gut feeling is "no", but public disclosure of information is a
prerequisite to other useful privileges (e.g., patent and copyright
registration/protection) so I'm reluctant to say that the answer is clearly
no. Perhaps other readers have a better background in this area and can
respond more authoritatively.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-10 01:27:45
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Why Income Tax is Unconstitutional (fwd) 
Yes, the web page says that, but it is incorrect. It's not even necessary to look at the tax code (which is not 7,000 pages
long, although it is complex) to see that their argument is wrong.
Their argument is that 26 USC 7701(a)(9) defines "United States" to mean
"States" and "the District of Columbia", and that 26 USC 7701(a)(10)
defines "States" as "District of Columbia". Leaving aside their (incorrect)
interpretation of "includes" as "is", their interpretation of 7701(a)(10)
suggests that 7701(a)(9) really says "United States" means "District of
Columbia and District of Columbia" which makes no sense at all. "States"
cannot mean "District of Columbia" if, in the same subsection, another
definition uses the phrase "the States and the District of Columbia".
Clearly Congress did not intend "States" to mean "District of Columbia".
(The web page points out this flaw in their construction of the statute but
apparently fails to understand that it's fatal to their interpretation.
Bzzt.) Their other arguments are similarly absurd. Their interpretation of the
Supreme Court case they cite is ridiculous. The decision is on the web at
(paper cite is 324 US 652); given the discrepancy between their version and
the actual text I can see why they haven't bothered to provide a cite.  The real heart of their screwed-up-ness is that they interpret "includes"
to mean "is", so that they think "employee includes government employees"
reads "employee is government employees" and "states includes the District
of Columbia" reads "states is the District of Columbia". That
interpretation is wrong, and all of their arguments that rest upon it are
fatally flawed. For example, according to Black's Law Dictionary (which
isn't the law anywhere, but isn't an awful place to look for the definition
of a word, other resources being unavailable), says that "include" .. "may,
according to context, express an enlargement and have the meaning of *and*
or *in addition to*, or merely specify a particular thing already included
within general words theretofore used. 'Including' within statute is
interpreted as a word of enlargement or of illustrative application as well
as a word of limitation. Premier Products Co. v. Cameron, 240 Or 123, 400
P2d 227, 228." (emphasized words were italicized in original)
the tax code manage to convince juries that they believed that their
failure to pay tax was lawful, and hence they didn't have the required
criminal intent to be guilty of criminal evasion/failure to file. But more
frequently, juries (who pay income tax, too) aren't especially sympathetic
to that story and send the goofballs to jail. (Misinterpretation of the tax
code might - might - keep you out of jail. But it won't get your house
back, or put the $ back in your bank account.) The people who publish this crap ought to be ashamed of themselves. As it
happens, they usually don't follow their own advice, *go ahead and pay
their taxes*, and get rich while their gullible customers get themselves in
a lot of trouble. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-20 21:41:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: PGP Security 
I don't think remailers get nearly enough traffic (at the moment, anyway)
to fund a meaningful defense, civil or criminal. It takes a lot of messages
at $.25 or $.10 each to come up with $10K or $20K. It's been ~ 2 years now
since my remailer went down, but at that time traffic was pretty low.
Also, charging for remailing is likely to alter the legal arguments
available to a remailer operator hoping to avoid liability for traffic - in
particular, I think it's likely to be a factor which argues in favor of
finding contributory or vicarious liability for copyright infringement,
since the remailer operator gains income through facilitating the
Charging for messages will also change the availability of services like
Raph's remailer stats - even a miniscule cost becomes significant if you're
incurring it once per hour per remailer. It's a solution to the "spam"
problem - perhaps the only solution - but it's got other consequences, too. I don't think a remailer will be able to come up with the kind of money
that Cyberpromo has. If Cyberpromo were a $10/month shell account or a
$20/month PPP account, they'd have been history months ago. I agree, especially if you define "more civilized" to mean "has an
underdeveloped or underutilized legal system". :)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-22 02:14:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: FBI Visits JPUNIX 
You ought to read more carefully. I suggested that remailers who *charge for
remailing* may be treated differently under the law than remailers who don't
if they're sued as contributory or vicarious infringers of copyrights. I've
been making that point for at least a year, maybe as long as two years.
(There's a particular Ninth Circuit case - _Fonovisa v. Cherry Auction_ -
which I believe suggests that conclusion, or at least highlights the
relationship between profit and contributory/vicarious liability. It's also
discussed in _RTC v. Netcom_, although the _Fonovisa_ case discussed in _RTC_
was the district court's opinion, which was reversed in the Ninth Circuit, if
I remember correctly.)
Would you prefer that I don't mention that potential development and silently
watch remailer operators unknowingly expose themselves to extra liability? Or
that I speak up and be called an enemy of the remailers? It's not clear to me
what you think I ought to do, except perhaps modify my understanding of the
law to more closely match what you wish it was. Also, I did not call for the list to be killed, I said I thought it was dead,
and still think so. The list sees precious few messages worth reading or
responding to. Other forums provide a much better signal/noise ratio and have
far fewer distracting kooks. This list was once a useful place to keep
up-to-date on new developments in cryptography, both technical and
legal/political. Now it's mostly useful as a decoy, allowing loons & kooks of
various flavors to focus their energies and messages here, leaving other
lists and other forums for people actually interested in getting things done.
I get better crypto news faster from other places now. My comments, sent on 2/6/97, about "killing the list" are below:

@_date: 1997-03-22 20:59:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Remailer problem solution? 
Perhaps it's their colleagues at another TLA. :) This "works" in that it reduces the number of people subjected to messages
they don't want to see, but it also makes it more difficult (or impossible)
to use remailers for tasks like:
sending info to crypto-illiterate reporters/politicians/whatever
sending messages to newsgroups and mailing lists which don't have a shared
private key
This is done already, but the group of people who don't want to recieve mail
from remailers but haven't signed up yet (because they don't know about
remailers) is orders of magnitude bigger than people who've signed up. Mostly
people get on the block list(s) because they've already been mailed things
they didn't want to see; by the time they learn about blocking, it's too
Also, it's difficult to apply this solution to many remailers - should all
remailers block an address because one remailer operator claims to have
received a request? Or should each operator act alone, which means that one
anonymity-hostile end user must send multiple block requests? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-24 02:34:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: UK TTP regs 
Have spent some time reading over the paper re TTP/CA regulation in the UK. I
don't think the paper is exactly a model of clarity, but my impression (from
a few passes over it) is that it isn't intended to affect the distribution of
software but is intended to affect people acting as CA's (including signing a
friend's key) or as key escrow agents.
But both this document and two of the three bills in the US Congress
(Goodlatte and Leahy) look to me like "first shoes" which precede "the other
shoe dropping", e.g., making use of a TTP/key escrow agent mandatory once
there's a reasonable infrastructure in place.
Regulating essentially informal and private transactions like key signing
between associates strikes me as absurd - but not much more absurd than
things done on this side of the Atlantic, of course. I do think there are
interesting issues around certifying CA's and CA liability, but it seems like
they can be addressed using existing legal theories/strategies - some mix of
tort law and contract law should be sufficient. Criminalizing a PGP
key-signing party is almost as stupid as threatening to criminalize PGP. My
hunch is that legislatures in Europe as well as Congress are going to get
around to trying that within a few years. All it's going to take is repeating
the phrase "legitimate needs of law enforcement" and "a fair balance between
law enforcement needs and industry needs" a few thousand more times and it'll
all seem perfectly rational.
Last week's hearing for the ProCODE bill totally ignored the right of
individuals to be free from interception/eavesdropping, and seemed to focus
on some sort of compromise between business (who's perceived as wanting to
make money from exporting strong crypto, but the argument is structurally the
same whether we're talking about export/import controls on wheat or cars or
on crypto) and law enforcement (who's perceived as being, at worst, slightly
overzealous in their pursuit of safety & tranquility for each and every
American, perhaps to the detriment of business interests, apologies to those
fine businesses & their investors, etc.) (* I missed the first 20 minutes or
so, perhaps that's when this was discussed, but I'll bet not.) I don't think
I heard the Fourth Amendment (or any similar concerns) mentioned even once,
nor the consistent pattern (across tens of years, subject matter, internal
jurisdictions, national boundaries, and ideology of the government in power)
by which law enforcement grows contemptuous of the law itself and begins
using its power to perpetuate itself and in various flavors of political or
personal repression. I suppose it would have been impolite to mention the
various Red Squads, the COINTELPRO operation against domestic dissident
groups, harassment of antinuclear and anti-Contra activists, local police
spying in Pittsburgh and Los Angeles and San Francisco (and surely many other
places I haven't heard about, too), Ruby Ridge, Waco, Operation MOVE, and
recent revelations that the FBI crime lab has been altering lab reports and
offering perjured testimony against criminal defendants. Law enforcement
abuses are not "aberrations" nor "unfortunate incidents" which could not be
predicted nor are they unlikely to recur. The only real question is whether
or not we want to give law enforcement tools which can only be misused in
obvious ways (like guns, which make noise, or tanks or helicopters, which are
easy to see/hear) or if we're going to give them tools (like secret wiretaps
and access to crypto keys) which are very difficult to track or detect when
used illegitimately.
Between cops who fuck up for political reasons (see above) and spooks/cops
who sell out just for money (Ames, Lonetree, and the rest of the sad parade
I've already forgotten who've been willing to sell "top secret" material
which they knew put their colleagues' lives in danger, as well as
street-level corrupt cops who "look the other way", steal from
suspects/defendants, "borrow" from evidence lockers, carry "throw-down" guns
and the rest), it's hard to feel like this is an institution that deserves
any real trust. It may be that society ends up with less net brutality and
corruption if we let the SFPD or the LAPD or the FBI drive around with guns &
radios than if we allowed the Mafia or the Crips or the Bloods to do that ..
but it's really just "more brutality" or "less brutality". The lesser of two
evils is still evil. Which is a lot of rant to say that I don't think the sky is falling in the UK
just yet.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-25 02:29:15
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: remailer spam throttle 
I think there are two broad models of complaints/problems with remailers:
1. The recipient is angry because they received a message they didn't like.
(because it's an advertisement, or it's rude, or it's an image that their
parents didn't like ..) 2. A third party is angry because the sender sent some information to the
recipient which the third party thinks should not have been sent. (copyright,
trademark, defamation, tortious interference with [prospective] contract,
etc.) Your "contract" model (which looks like you really mean it to be a waiver of
warranty/damages and/or an indemnification agreement) addresses (1) to the
point of overkill, but it doesn't reach (2), because there's no contract with
the third party, who is the party who's likely to be filing suit.
(Indemnification by the sender might work, if you worded the contract
correctly - but then you've got to abandon anonymity, and the value of
indemnification from person you don't know whose assets/finances are unknown
is pretty low.)
Further, some fraction of the messages causing concern are message sent or
available to minors .. whose contracts (modulo some exceptions) are voidable
at their option. :(
This also works better for messages which are bothersome because of (1), but
not (2). You can't, as a general rule, evade a duty imposed by law by posting
signs saying "I'm not subject to a duty imposed by law." If it was that easy,
we'd all be driving cars marked "GET OUT OF MY WAY, I'M NOT LIABLE IF I DRIVE
INTO YOU". (Of course, such signs are still useful, if they trick people into
not even thinking about suing someone who's got such a sign .. :) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-03-25 20:16:28
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: remailer spam throttle 
Does anyone here actually know the requirements for common carrier
status? (A web search proved mostly uniformative, except that now I
know that Ohio University offers a course in CC Regualtions.) While my
intuitive notion of what a CC is does mean that ISP's are not good
CC's (ISP's want to not carry every newsgroup, want to not let people
have accounts for any old reason, etc), remailers seem like a perfect
candidate. For example, you could have a remailer that has one simple
rule: they only allow 10 messages a day from people who aren't other
anon. remailers. That way, the system isn't rejecting any traffic
"unreasonably," and gains some legal protection. If someone form, say,
a praticularly profitable religous institution calls up and says "We
belive that certain copywritten internal documets were sent through
your remailer." You say "Sorry, dude, I just pass the messages along."
I imagine that there would be problems keeping messages anonymous ir
regards to the feds, as I imagine that there would be some analogy to
phone taps, but legal protection from civilians is a step in the right
direction, and a few remailers in civilized jurisdictions would make
the feds' lives difficult.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-03-27 00:13:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: INFO: Pro-CODE testimony available now online at  democracy.net! 
=>I, and maybe a lot of other people, are still waiting for somebody to do a A marked-up version (deleted text shown as strikeout, added text shown as
emphasized, common text shown as normal, will require a browser like Netscape
or IE which implements  and ) is available at
. It's not exactly attractive, but it gets the job done. Am working on a bigger survey of pending US and foreign crypto legislation,
but that may take a few more days.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-03 12:15:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Jim Bell raid 
A southern Washington newspaper, The Columbian (apparently published in
Vancouver) provides a "greeked" (e.g., squiggles instead of text) version of
its front page at  (you'll have to pick the frame for
"The latest Columbian headlines") - and today's page one above-the-fold
headline is "Affidavit: Internet essay solicits murder". It looks to me like this is real. Yow. Jim Bell is a goddamn loon, but I
haven't seen him write anything that I thought was criminal. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-06 00:30:42
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Wassenaar 
Arrgh. Have been comparing what I received via my FOIA request with what
other people have extracted and it looks like ACDA's response was incomplete.
(In particular, it appears from
, also at  that Appendix 5 is *not*
empty.) So it's back to the FOIA salt mines for me.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-08 03:59:44
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Denning paper on crypto, EU mandatory GAK 
Apologies if this has been mentioned before, but I ran across a new (new to
me; it's dated 2/19/97) paper by Dorothy Denning re crypto and crypto
policy/legislation. Historically, her work has proven to precede/predict
policy shifts on the part of the US government.
The paper has little information which is new to a reader of cpunks; but I
did note one ominous paragraph referring to the role of "TTPs" in Europe:
The European Commission has been preparing a proposal to establish a
European-wide network of Trusted Third Parties (ETS) that would be accredited to offer
services that support digital signatures, notarization, confidentiality, and
data integrity.
The trust centers, which would operate under the control of member nations,
would                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
hold keys that would enable them to assist the owners of data with emergency
decryption or supply keys to their national authorities on production of a
legal                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
warrant. The proposal is expected to be adopted by the Commission, with
discussions provisionally scheduled in the Council of the European Union for
the first half of 1997 [22]
Also see , which appears to be the
home page for a pilot project creating a software and political/corporate
infrastructure for Europe-wide GAK. Yow. Also of interest is her cite
 to John
Young's archived version of the 12/30/96 revision of the EARs instead of the
The paper itself is at
; like it or
not, it may prove to be a useful insight into what's coming in 1997/1998. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-08 04:01:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: some arguments for privacy 
One of the problems with talking about privacy is that people use the word to
mean many different things. Apropos to the current discussion, I see two
different uses co-existing in a non-useful way:
1.	Privacy as a lack of information
2.	Privacy as a right to control the flow of information
where the second usage refers to the ability to decide who ends up with the
first usage. I'm assuming that lack of information can be characterized as
risk, and that risk can be characterized as negative value. The Coase Theorem
would seem to suggest that the second usage is (may be) superfluous, because
the [lack of] information/risk will be allocated to the party which values it
most. However, the right discussed in (2) is still meaningful, because it is
(and will) be used as a bargaining chip to gain or lose other things of
Also, it's useful to think about whether or not there are (or should be) some
things we are unwilling to do in the name of efficiency. For example, we
might consider it "efficient" if people were allowed to sell their children;
but most societies have chosen to consider markets for children unacceptable
on moral grounds, apart from concerns about the efficient distribution of
children. (I've heard that (Richard?) Posner, an outspoken federal appellate
judge, wrote a paper discussing markets for children as a thought exercise;
and that the political fallout from that paper (some 10-15 years later) means
that he's got no real chance of a Supreme Court seat, even if he's otherwise
qualified. Perhaps this message means I'll never get there, either. :(
A society might choose to place privacy on the list of "things for which
there may not be a market"; but adherents to the strong version of
cryptoanarchy will likely predict that a market will exist, anyway. (I
believe there's currently a small global market for children; but they're
still more difficult to buy than, say, cigarettes. And slightly less
difficult to buy than, say, a gun in Berkeley.) But (for me) the real reason that privacy is good (even if it's
"inefficient") is that privacy is inherently related to control, and to
freedom. It's very difficult to influence or alter the behavior of a person
unless you can monitor their behavior. If we make it difficult (or
impossible) to learn some things about people, we effectively create zones of
autonomy related to those zones of privacy.
I believe that this is the somewhat elusive link between the various
constitutional rulings on "privacy" grounds, discussing abortion and
contraception and childraising and interracial marriage and private
possession of pornography and gay rights (although the last has failed, so
far.) Those decisions paint an invisible line between "private" and "public"
spheres, whereby the state cannot or should not interfere with personal
choices; and I believe that the close correspondence between those lines and
traditional notions of "intimacy" is not coincidental. I believe that a hypothetical privacy-free state would be "efficient" in the
same way that a hypothetical centrally-planned economy is "efficient" - e.g.,
on paper, it sounds good. All of the right things will happen at just the
right times, risks (or economic goods) will be allocated to those who deserve
them, etc. In practice, centrally planned economies have proven to suffer
from human flaws - greed, lust for power, shortsightedness, poor judgement,
and so forth. The initial allocation of all (or substantially all) economic
resources to one economic actor (the state) prevents the operation of the
Coase Theorem and its redistribution of rights/values, because the other
actors (individuals) have nothing to offer in return; and because it is not
possible for the other actors to legitimately retain those rights or value. A
society which initially distributed information rights to the state - or
which refused to recognize them as rights - would, I believe, create a
similar lack of freedom and autonomy. It's difficult to discuss privacy in economic terms because we are accustomed
to valuing one side of the choice - risk, or lack of information - in
quantitative terms, but we are not accustomed to valuing the other side -
freedom, or lack of opportunity to exercise control - in quantitative terms.
(I don't think that the other party's valuation of risk is a good measure for
the value of the freedom. But this is turning into a pretty long message
which is somewhat more theoretical than may be of interest to many list
members. So I'll go to bed and see if people feel like continuing in this
vein.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-09 03:27:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell raid 
I realize that we're talking about net-time, but "long before" seems like a
poor way to describe the 2-2.5 days between the appearance of the "IRS
Inspection" report (which was, in fact, the transcription of newspaper story)
and the WWW publication of the warrant & accompanying material. Also, Declan
was posting details from the warrant within 24 hours of the initial message.
As far as I can tell, the events of last week haven't changed people's
opinions of AP at all - people who thought it was interesting/useful still
do, and people who thought it was uninteresting/stupid still do. I can't
speak for other posters to the list, but I'm inclined to distance myself from
AP not because I'm scared of a government raid, but because I think it's
theoretically uninteresting/unremarkable, politically/tactically poorly
considered, morally indefensible, and irresponsibly misleading to the extent
it purports to discuss US law. I don't want my comments about Jim Bell's
right to discuss his silly ideas to be confused with apologies or approval
for the ideas themselves. I believe Jim has every right to write essays about AP, give speeches &
seminars about AP, talk about "wonderful things" all that he likes, etc. But
the "marketplace of ideas" model, whereby good speech is expected to negate
bad speech, depends on the willingness of other people to provide "good
speech", or at least call "bad speech" into question. I think AP is "bad
speech" in the same way the "the earth is flat" is bad speech; it is (and
ought to be) legal to say it, but it's also a non-useful idea, which I hope
will be abandoned in favor of more useful ideas.
I've been ignoring (pre-raid) discussions about AP because I think that an
eternal recycling of arguments is uninteresting and unproductive. I think
that the search of Jim's house, and its relationship to his free speech
activities, is interesting - not because of the [lack of] quality of his
ideas, but because I think this may be a case where law enforcement used its
power to search & seize property in a punitive fashion. And that concerns me,
because I think that isn't uncommon where the target is a "dissident", of one
flavor or another; and I think that dissidents don't/shouldn't lose their
civil rights as a consequence of their status. ("when they came for .."
argument incorporated herein by reference.)
(The search is also interesting for reasons unrelated to Jim and his ideas,
because it provides insight into the level and type and timing of law
enforcement access to the net, treatment of a "confidential informant", and
protocol/procedure for search & seizure of computers and potentially
encrypted data, etc.)  But that doesn't mean that the dissidents get special respect or treatment
for poor thinking. I think AP is poorly reasoned and poorly researched. (And
I think that "dissident" + "poor analysis/research" + "obsessive focus" =
"loon", hence my original comments.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-04-25 00:49:03
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Cato forum on liquor advertising and electronic media 
Indeed - I frequently find myself wondering who really won the cold war. The
"free world" seems to be adopting the totalitarian/surveillance-state tactics
and behaviors usually ascribed to the nations which "lost" the cold war; but
the "losers" seem to have a much better grasp of the importance of human
freedom than the "winners" do. The FBI's recent request for the capability to carry on 60,000 simultaneous
wiretaps calls to mind the wiretap apparatus of Eastern Europe, but with
modern hardware. Yow. We have met the enemy, and it is us.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-02 16:30:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Bill discussion 
Sure they would - it's a standard negotiating tactic. Ask for twice what
you need, then grudgingly accept half of what you asked for, whining and
complaining about how your needs aren't being met, how badly you're being
screwed, etc. Haven't you ever bought a car?
Do you think that the Administration will ever say "We've already
eliminated enough freedom and privacy, we don't need more laws to serve the
'legitimate needs of law enforcement'"? I think not.
I think this is occurring for two reasons:
1.	The people at CDT are closely identified with the stance that the EFF
took on the Digital Telephony bill, which is strikingly similar to the
coalition's approach to SAFE - e.g., cooperate with/support legislation
that's harmful, in hopes that by doing so you'll be able to negotiate away
some of the harm .. "We won't do any better than this, so we might as well
make the best of it." Digital Telephony is not ancient history, and it
hasn't been forgotten. I believe that the people who brokered that
compromise are essentially good people, who had good motives and 99% pure
hearts .. but the Digital Telephony bill is a goddamned embarassment to
people who care about privacy and the Fourth Amendment. Now the FBI wants
the ability to implement SIXTY THOUSAND SIMULTANEOUS WIRETAPS. What sort of
macabre dance do you think they'll be doing with the bones of SAFE in a few
more years? 2.	It strikes me as unlikely that all of the groups mentioned really sat
down and hashed all of this out - my hunch is that one or two of the groups
wrote up an analysis and a proposed letter, and asked the other groups to
sign on. A likely suspect for the/a group who did the behind-the-scenes
work is CDT. You're not exactly likely to pick up respect or credibility by ascribing
ridiculous or straw-man positions to people who disagree with you. I
haven't seen anyone (not even the resident loons, and usually someone can
be counted on to pipe up and suggest the existence of a massive
alphabet-soup conspiracy) suggest that "CDT actually runs all these groups
..". (Don't bother, Toto - I'll do it for you. "C2Net actually runs all these
groups behind the scenes, as anyone who's bothered to inspect the message
headers while drinking a bottle of Scotch can tell you." And, of course,
Jim Bell has a solution for that.)
If this is the caliber and depth of reasoning that you bring to bear on
other issues, it's a miracle that you get anything done at all. Some
critics of SAFE are being unreasonable. Some are not being unreasonable.  If SAFE (and ECPA II and ProCODE) limited themselves to the "reforms that
are long overdue in this critical area" (export control), you'd probably
find a lot more support among cypherpunks for them.
I'm beginning to think that the focus on the economic aspects of crypto
export control has been a mistake (cf. "export jobs, not crypto" in my
.signature) - because what we're seeing is corporations working out deals
with the government, and privacy and individual interests are getting
screwed. From my perspective, it was an attempt to recast the crypto debate
in terms that make sense to Congress and policy interests - but what we've
ended up with is a debate about how we can help enormous domestic software
companies compete in global markets, not a debate about the relationship
between individuals and the state, or about privacy and speech as
fundamental rights protected by cryptography. I guess the current thinking
is that privacy for humans will come about through a trickle-down effect,
that strong crypto will be deployed on a large scale because it'll be
quickly built into lots of software .. but I doubt it. Big software
companies don't give a fuck if they're selling GAK crypto or weak crypto or
strong crypto, as long as they're selling it. (the people inside may care,
but they're unlikely to be or stay in positions where their opinions
matter.)  Which is why cypherpunks should write code, and not wait for Microscape to
do it for them, nor for legislators to make it pleasant for them to do so.
If SAFE is the best we can get from Congress (and people who should know
seem to think it is), we can't expect Congress to save us from the
executive branch. (The executive branch was working on this stuff before
anyone outside of Arkansas had ever heard of Bill Clinton, and they'll
probably still be flogging it in four more years. It's useful to hold
Clinton responsible for what he's done, but it's also useful to remember
that this isn't an issue that's going to go away because we elect a
different Demopublican.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-05 10:54:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
I think what's important here is that the risks which are controlled/reduced
by keeping extra information are tied to the payment method(s) selected - for
example, most merchants try to get location/contact information when they
take a check, because there's some risk that the check will be returned
(sometimes in as long as 2-3 weeks) after the customer and the merchandise is
long gone. If checks cleared instantly, this wouldn't be necessary - and I
think merchants would forego collecting this information (they do now, for
physical cash purchases) because collecting it costs extra employee time,
storing/indexing it takes space/time, it annoys customers, and it leads to
some lost sales (where otherwise qualified customers are rejected because
their [lack of] credit/payment history makes them look like a bad risk).
The situation is similar for credit card purchases - the merchant doesn't
need to worry about tracking you down (because they'll get paid anyway, once
the transaction's been approved), but they do need to comply with the
requirements of their bank and the card issuer .. which include, if I
remember correctly, retaining the customer's signature (or notes of phone
authorization) for at least 60 days following the transaction. Big retailers
spend an enormous amount of time/energy/money keeping track of millions of
little slips of paper with people's signatures on them, and now they're
moving to expensive/complex/scary to consumers digital signature capture
Neither of these databases/filing systems is necessary for cash transactions,
and I can't think of a merchant who's tried to make me comply with them while
making a cash purchase. I don't think merchants are in a special hurry to
keep more information which isn't really interesting to them, anyway. So why do merchants take checks and credit cards, if they impose extra costs?
Because physical cash can be more expensive. Physical cash is difficult
because it (1) there's a risk of loss or theft/robbery, (2) keeping change on
hand is difficult/annoying, (3) it doesn't easily integrate with
accounting/inventory systems, (4) it's difficult to deal with in bulk. For
the most part, digital cash doesn't have these problems, but it doesn't have
the risk associated with repudiable payment methods (like checks and credit
cards), so it's not necessary to keep extra information to offset or reduce
that extra risk. So that's why digital cash wins, or ought to, if it's deployed before we're
all part of the Borg and privacy is irrelevant. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-05 14:04:41
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
I avoid Radio Shack as a general rule, because I haven't been pleased with
the quality of their products and I find their privacy-hostile behavior
annoying. But when I have made purchases at Radio Shack, I've had no trouble
with them if I say "This is a cash sale. You don't need my name or address."
But I understand you're considerably less courageous in person than you are
from behind a terminal a few thousand miles away, so it's entirely possible
that a mousy Radio Shack clerk asking for your name does pose a significant
threat to your privacy. I had overlooked the "wimpy nerd" problem in my
earlier message. Thanks for pointing out my oversight. In the future, please
assume that when I mention a hypothetical consumer, I mean one of average or
greater fortitude. Perhaps you can find a friend who's not scared of the
Radio Shack clerks to make your purchases for you?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-06 13:28:47
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: FOIA results 
Got two FOIA things in the mail today:
1.	~ 200 pp of "LIST OF DUAL USE GOODS AND TECHNOLOGIES AND MUNITIONS LIST"
re my Wassenaar FOIA. It's much too long to type or scan. Am planning to
type the crypto and software relevant parts when I get some free time. This
looks like the document I was expecting.
2.	A letter from the NSA in response to my FOIA request re cypherpunks -
they want a check for close to $2400 before they'll do a search of their
records. I'm not sending them $2400. Am considering appealing their denial
of my fee waiver, and/or making a more carefully tailored request. I'll
probably scan this within the next few days.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-11 06:34:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Disinformation in L.A. 
Several points come to mind:
Tim hasn't suggested that a riot would be useful or likely. He's mentioned
various forms of political violence (e.g., assassination and terrorism) but
he hasn't mentioned riots. They're not the same thing.
Riots aren't necessarily violent, nor are they necessarily or often useful to
their participants .. in fact, they may be counterproductive to the aim(s) of
their participants, except where they give the participants an opportunity to
take symbolic or emotionally satisfying action .. which usually provides very
little long-term change. But they may be useful to the riots' "opponents",
who may also be their instigators. I think you've been sucked into conflating "cypherpunk" with "cyberpunk",
e.g., people who define themselves socially by their (positive) relationship
to technology. A cyberpunk riot would probably take place in "cyberspace",
and would probably include messages from corporate sponsors, clean and
orderly virtual streets, and attractively drawn avatars. A cypherpunk is
defined socially/politically by a (negative) relationship to existing
political structures. The Internet *is* a cypherpunk riot.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-11 18:13:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Money orders, debit cards, ... 
Correct. There is no (federal) constitutionally protected privacy interest in
traffic-analysis data about phone calls, because (so the argument goes) that
data is voluntarily disclosed to a third party (the phone company).
An argument might be available (in state court) based upon a state's
constitutional right to privacy/right to be free from unreasonable searches &
seizures, if there are any states left whose state constitutions are more
protective than the federal constitution. California and Oregon both used to
be more protective, but the wise and far-seeing voters in both states changed
that via the initiative process. Can't even blame that on the legislators. :(
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-16 09:33:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Just Say "No" to Congress 
FYI, Boxer is now (as of 5/12/97) a cosponsor of Sen. Leahy's ECPA/1997
(Encrypted Communications  Privacy Act of 1997) - that's the bill with the
complex structure for "voluntary" key recovery and criminal penalties for
use of crypto  "in furtherance of" felony. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-17 09:06:42
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Commercial privacy proxy server available 
See ; their service agreement isn't very
pro-privacy (they don't want you to use it for porn, and reserve the right
to disclose records to law enforcement or third parties, pursuant to
warrant/process *or* informal request), but it's an interesting development. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:51:30
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Distributing cryptographic code 
This thread was booted from coderpunks, perhaps the interested parties will
continue it here. If I were you, I'd talk to the other folks at MIT distributing strong
crypto code, they've certainly had to think about/work on this problem.
Might as well ride on their coattails. Having said that, you might take a look at 15 CFR 734.2(b)(9)(ii) if you're
really feeling masochistic, which says that making software available via
the Internet such that it is available for transfer outside of the United
States is an export unless the person making the software available takes
certain precautions. The precautions are:
    (A) Ensuring that the facility from which the software is available controls the access to and transfers of such software through such measures
    (1) The access control system, either through automated means or human intervention, checks the address of every system requesting or receiving a transfer and verifies that such systems are located within the United States;
    (2) The access control system, provides every requesting or receiving party with notice that the transfer includes or would include cryptographic software subject to export controls under the Export Administration Act, and that anyone receiving such a transfer cannot export the software without a license; and
    (3) Every party requesting or receiving a transfer of such software must acknowledge affirmatively that he or she understands that the cryptographic software is subject to export controls under the Export Administration Act and that anyone receiving the transfer cannot export the software without a license; or
    (B) Taking other precautions, approved in writing by the Bureau of Export Administration, to prevent transfer of such software outside the U.S. without a license.
The software publishers I'm familiar with who make strong crypto available
via the Internet in a commercial setting (Microsoft, Netscape, C2Net) do
reverse-DNS lookups on the requester to try to figure out whether or not
they're inside the United States. This is *not* an "official" answer, nor is it legal advice. The regulations
discussed above have been public for less than five months. I've spoken
with several attorneys who specialize in export control and they've all
commented that the regs were drafted quickly, without good attention to
detail, and are not necessarily models of clarity or precision. Nobody's
100% sure what they mean. Also, one person commented within the coderpunks thread:
A disclaimer would be adeqate protection if I remember correctly.
I don`t recall what the situation is in the US, is it the case that
the provider of the information is guilty of export, or the person
that actually downloads it, if it is available via anonymous FTP???
A disclaimer is not good enough. Both are potentially liable under US law
(modulo arguments about constitutionality, vagueness, etc). The downloader
is guilty of an illegal export, and the person who made the software
available is (using the definition in 15 CFR 734.2) guilty of an export,
and also has potential liability for conspiracy and/or aiding and abetting,
depending on the facts of the particular case. But a clerk in Egghead who sells a copy of 128-bit Netscape to a "foreign
person" is also guilty of an export violation. The interesting question is
whether or not the feds will choose to prosecute violators .. and which
ones. Internet crypto distribution sites have a much higher profile than
random minimum-wage clerks who wouldn't have violated the law if they'd had
any clue it existed. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-19 16:59:00
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: New rules re money transfers to foreign locations 
The NY Times reports that new rules will be announced Monday which will
require non-bank financial institutions (like check-cashing stores, Western
Union, etc.) to report transfers of $750 or greater with a foreign
destination. (The old reporting threshold was $10K.) According to the
article, the new regulation is expected to generate approximately one
million additional forms per year for FINCEN/Treasury to process, and
require 25,000 such NBFI's to register with Treasury. The regulation will
take effect in 90 days after a public comment period. It does not apply to
cash, instruments like traveler's checks, or domestic transfers; it also
does not apply to banks themselves. (All of those mediums of transport are
covered by different rules with other reporting requirements.) See .
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-20 12:38:10
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: RSA v PGP lawsuit 
I drove down to the courthouse in Redwood City today and took a look at the
court file for RSA v PGP. The complaint is already online at
; there are two exhibits which accompany the
complaint in the file, Exhibit A is a 30-page patent license agreement
(which I didn't bother to have copied at $.75/page), the second is Exhibit
B, a letter from RSA's attorneys to Leonard Mikus of Lemcom Systems dated
4/16/97, which describes the basics of the dispute between RSA and PGP. I
copied the letter and have placed it online at
The lawsuit itself is not for monetary damages, but for declaratory and
injunctive relief - RSA is asking the court to declare that the license
agreement's provision regarding arbitration did not survive the termination
of the license; that the royalty, payment, and accounting provisions of the
license agreement did survive its termination; and for an injunction
ordering PGP to comply with the agreement's terms for paying royalties and
accounting for sales.
What I find interesting is what is not included in the suit - a claim for
patent infringement. (Such a claim can only be filed in federal court, and
this suit was filed - at the plaintiff's choice - in San Mateo County
Superior Court, a California state court.) The letter identifies several areas of disagreement between the parties:
1.	RSA believes it had the right to approve or reject the PGP/Lemcom merger
2.	RSA says that PGP has licensed the patent to OEM customers, in violation
of the license agreement
3.	RSA says that PGP has licensed certain source code to some customers, in
violation of the license agreement
4.	RSA says that Lemcom has not made a royalty payment since the third
quarter of 1996. (But I'm sure I saw something - in the media? - where PGP
says they've been making royalty payments.)
And the letter says that RSA is immediately terminating PGP's license to
use/make software including the RSA public-key algorithm because of those
breaches. PGP hadn't filed a response yet - they'll have 30 days to do so from the
date of service, and I think they were served with the suit somewhere
around the 10th of May. (There was a proof of service document in the file,
but I didn't bother having it copied.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-23 06:38:02
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Spam laws threaten remailers? 
Yes, at least within the United States. But this bill won't touch foreign
spam, so spammers will use overseas service providers to continue to spam. (And those foreign service providers may not mind hosting remailers if
they're already dealing with the avalanche of complaints which follow spam.
But few remailer operators will want to pay the high fees that spammers pay
for net access.)
Both of the anti-spam bills that I've seen (CAUCE and Murkowski's) are
poorly drafted - they're both overbroad and underinclusive. I don't think
they're necessarily constitutionally "overbroad", but they haven't been
written by people with a good understanding of the technical issues.
As I read both bills, they'll prohibit behavior pretty universally
considered legitimate - e.g., including a link to a web site in your
.signature which happens to sell a product or service, for example.
I think it'd make more sense to solve this problem technically, and/or
carefully think about the legal framework appropriate for governing the
flow of data between computers. (There are also sticky First Amendment
issues here.)
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-05-24 06:26:53
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Police & military access 
I'm not familiar with local (Santa Cruz, or whatever) ordinances, but a
federal law saying exactly this was passed last year (the "Lautenberg Act",
which was apparently merged into a spending/budget act signed by Clinton on
10/3/96) - my hunch is that the controversy here is over the effects of the
federal law. The scenario you discussed is being played out in police
departments and sheriff's offices all over the country. Legislation has
been proposed this session (but its passage is uncertain to unlikely) which
would exempt law enforcement officers from the (federal) ban on possession
of weapons by convicted domestic violence offenders. Jim Choate's messages about cops and "civil rights" suggest that he's not
familiar with and/or interested in the basics of legal research.
Restrictions (and lack of restrictions) related to use of force, power to
arest, possession/use of weapons, etc., are mostly statutory. You can't
find them (or understand them) by starting with only the Constitution, and
then reasoning and deducing things from it.
relationship between cops and citizens look like) what he writes is
perfectly reasonable. From a legal perspective (what is the law today?)
it's incomplete and thereby misleading. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-02 04:22:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Jim Bell defense fund 
Has anyone talked to Jim to find out what he wants? I wouldn't be surprised
if he wants to represent himself without the assistance/interference of an
attorney. (I think that'd be a big mistake, but he's an adult and should be
allowed to make his own choices.) Is he currently represented by a court-appointed attorney? Are they working
out of the federal public defender's office, or are they in private
practice? I'm not familiar with the Tacoma federal PD's office (nor am I
sure that one exists) but the federal public defenders in Oregon typically
did a pretty good job for their clients, frequently better than that
available from the cheaper/less experienced end of the spectrum in the
private bar. A court-appointed attorney may also be more familiar
with/comfortable with clients who want to take an active part in their
defense. (Sometimes, defendants will choose to represent themseves, but
with the aid of an attorney to help them understand courtroom
protocol/procedure, and to give help/advice with the trickier issues.)
It's also possible that organizing only a small defense fund will turn out
to be worse than no defense fund, if it eliminates his eligibility for an
appointed attorney but fails to generate enough money to attract a good
private attorney. If the government really wants to screw him, forcing him
to represent himself or be represented by someone inexperienced or
uninterested or underfunded seems like a good way to do that. My hunch is
that an attorney from the private bar will want somewhere between $15K and
$30K to take this to trial, could be higher. Someone who asks for a lot
less probably doesn't intend to do very much work, unless they're doing it
on a pro bono basis. If people are serious about this, I suggest getting in touch with Jim or
his family to see if it's actually helpful/useful, and setting it up such
that any money raised goes directly to the attorney, not to Jim or his
family. (not because I don't think they're trustworthy, but because gaining
extra cash/assets may make him ineligible for a court-appointed attorney -
but if the cash/assets aren't available to him because they're being held
by some unconnected cypherpunk, it'd be much harder/impossible to deny him
appointed counsel.) Also, given Jim's tax status, it's possible that the
IRS will try to seize/levy against any funds that come into Jim's control,
which would turn the "defense fund" into the "pay Jim's taxes fund". Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-03 16:15:37
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell defense fund 
He likely has access to a pay phone; if so, he can probably make collect
calls, and maybe calling-card calls. The easiest way to talk to him on the
phone will be to send him a letter, telling him your phone number, and
telling him that you'll accept the charges if he calls you collect. The
phone call will be expensive - many jails set up sweetheart deals with
sleazy long-distance companies to handle all outgoing long-distance calls.
Since the prisoners can only call collect, and only with the one phone
company, if you want to talk to them, you pay the rate charged. :(
It's probably possible to visit him in person, although there's a good
chance it'll be via a (monitored) closed-circuit phone and plexiglass
screen. Most jails limit "contact" visits to attorneys. Likewise, anything
that's mailed to him will be opened, read, and inspected before he sees it,
unless it's from his attorney. Metal things (like staples and paper clips)
will be removed. It's probably possible to send a small amount of money (<
$20, or so) to the jail where he's held to be placed in his trust account,
which he'll be able to use to buy stamps, stationary, cigarettes (does he
smoke?), toiletries or maybe food from the commissary. It's also sometimes
possible/necessary to provide him with a change of clothes, if/when this
gets to a jury trial. Most jails won't let you mail books to prisoners, but
will accept books (sometimes only softcover) if they're mailed directly
from publishers. If he's got an attorney from the federal PD's office, he doesn't need money
for his defense - it won't help, and might just screw things up. I don't
think the PD's office would even accept it.
The best thing to do is find out where he's being held (seems like the
early report(s) said he was in a county jail in Tacoma? - sometimes county
jails hold prisoners on federal charges, and bill the feds for it) and call
there and ask what you can do, how you can write to him, if you can send
him stuff, what the visiting hours are, etc.
If someone does talk/write to him, you should remember that there's a
strong possibility that your communication(s) will be monitored/recorded,
and that anything he says/writes may be admissible against him at trial. Welcome to America. This is what we do to people before they even get a
trial. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-04 11:02:13
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Webpage picketing 
Let's abandon the meatspace metaphor, and just talk about what you're
proposing - you want to insert third parties into a communication between
two non-consenting parties. Why is this useful? I think it sounds like an awful idea.
I don't see any reason to, if we adopt your reasoning, limit this practice
to web pages - shit, we ought to be able to attach things to each other's
E-mail messages, hijack each other's IRC sessions, tack things onto the end
of each other's files sent via FTP, add things to other people's NFS
directory trees .. yeah. Who's going to keep track of all of this stuff? Are ISP's and backbone
providers supposed to give other people free hard disk space/connectivity
to do this? Or do you want the government to do it? What about blocking
software, which erases the picketing notices? Will that be allowed?
Conventional picketing works where private space is adjacent to public
space, such that people in the public space can limit access to the private
space, or do things in the public space which are visible to peole in the
private space. Adjacency isn't really meaningful in "cyberspace", because
it depends on arbitrary and changeable "locations" .. and there's very
little "public space" in cyberspace, at least in the way that there's
public space (like streets and roads and parks) in meatspace. Do you think we should adopt "bookspace picketing", whereby public
libraries are obligated to include hostile rants with books in their
collections, or even notations that "The Authoritarian League believes this
book is harmful, read _Why I Need Someone to Run My Life_ by Joe Schmo to
learn more"? Perhaps we should implement a program of "wordspace
picketing", whereby we're obligated to, before we orally discuss our own
opinions in a public place, mention the counterarguments made by critics.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-05 15:02:50
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Will Bell get the rest of us in trouble? 
Actually, I haven't spoken with Bell's attorney, but John Young did. My
comments about Jim and his situation, jail policies, etc., are based on
reading the search warrant docs, the complaint, and on a general
understanding of the practical/applied side of criminal law. I don't have
any knowledge about the specific facts of this case that aren't on my site
or John Young's. Several of us from C2Net did talk with Jim's mom on the
telephone a day or two after the raid, but didn't learn anything that
hasn't been covered in the various newspaper articles about the case.
Has anyone read/heard anything about the nature of the grand jury
proceedings which are scheduled? The articles I've seen have suggested that
perhaps Jim will get good news from the grand jury - but I'm wondering if
it's not the federal prosecutor's way to seek *more* charges, fish for more
evidence (witnesses can be subpoena'd to testify before the grand jury, and
aren't allowed to have their own counsel present with them in the hearing
room during their testimony, although they are allowed to take the Fifth)
and/or try out some of the weirder conspiracy/militia stuff in front of
more or less ordinary citizens. A grand jury indictment (or refusal to
indict) is a good way for a prosecutor to deflect scrutiny/publicity from
their own decisions, and blame the outcome on a third party. If they
indict, the prosecutor points to their decision as proof that s/he isn't
just indulging a personal vendetta against the defendant. If they don't
indict, the prosecutor can point out that s/he did their best but was
thwarted by a third party. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-05 15:41:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Virtual picketing 
I think that analogies are useful to illustrate a point, but a poor basis
for making new laws or new policies. I think it makes more sense to look at
the reasoning behind the first policy, and/or the combination of conditions
and policies that created it, and see if they're present (or not) in the
situation which seems to require a new policy. In the particular case of the Internet, I don't think it's at all clear
that a public highway is the best (or only) analogy which is appropriate -
for example, one could also draw an analogy to a *freeway* .. which, at
least in many places, are not open to picketers or pedestrians of any sort. Another easy analogy is to the postal service - it's more or less
government-run (haven't kept track of the precise line that's drawn), but
there's certainly no right to "picket" communications sent using this
government-owned media .. I don't get to add extra pages to letters that my
neighbors get, nor they to mine. And there's no First Amendment problem
there - if I want to communicate with someone about an issue, I can send
them mail. Third parties have no right to interfere, nor to learn our names
so that they can bombard us with mail. And the same is true for communications sent by private carriers like FedEx
and UPS, even where those private carriers use public facilities like roads
and sidewalks and airports to carry on their private businesses, delivering
private communications. Incidental use of a public facility does not
nationalize a private person/organization. (I think the argument is
stronger where a private party monopolizes a public resource - but I
suspect that my gut reaction to that isn't compatible with what courts are
doing these days.) This discussion is getting waylaid with a host of weakly-related and
poorly-understood legal doctrines - e.g., a "right to picket", "public
forums", and "right to privacy". Instead of getting bogged down in those
tarpits (or distracted by their attractive pseudo-official flavor), let's
focus on the real question(s) at hand. I understand to proposal to be that
it'd be somehow beneficial if the government interferes with communications
between consenting parties if the communication happens to touch or utilize
a publically owned/funded resource ... or that such interference is allowed
or required by the First Amendment. I think that presents a much clearer
and more fundamental First Amendment question - e.g., can the government
force me to say things I don't want to say? Can the government intercept
speech from me to another person and preface or wrap it with some sort of
counterargument provided by people who disagree with me? I think the answer
is (and should be) a slam-dunk "no". No tricky analogies needed. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-06 08:35:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: IRS Hit 
It's _Bivens v. Six Unknown Federal Narcotics Agents_, 403 US 388 (1971),
or .
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-08 03:26:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Another prosecution/ruling re Thomases/Amateur Action 
List members may be familiar with the prosecution of Robert Thomas, a Bay
Area man who runs (ran?) a BBS entitled "Amateur Action", which provided,
via modem and mail order, pornographic images to its customers. Robert Thomas was arrested in California, then prosecuted in and imprisoned
by a federal district court in Tennessee based on Tennessee community
standards for the material he made available from California; apparently
that prosecution centered on one or more pictures involving sex between
human(s) and animals. Subsequently, he was indicted by a federal grand jury in Utah for
distribution of child pornography; he moved to dismiss that second
prosecution on the grounds of double jeopardy and collateral estoppel. His
motion was denied, and he subsequently plead guilty to a single count and
was sentenced to 26 months' imprisonment. He appealed the denial of his
motions to dismiss, and was unsuccessful; the Tenth Circuit ruled that the
constitution's protection against double jeopardy and the doctrine of
collateral estoppel were not applicable because the two prosecutions
involved two different charges (obscenity in TN and child porn in UT) and
different findings of fact.
He also requested that his sentence be reduced to end at the time his
sentence ends in for the TN prosecution, but his request was denied and the
appeals court declined to modify the trial court's sentence. The text of the appellate court's ruling is at
, I
have mirrored it at . Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-18 05:50:54
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Kerrey bill introduced in Senate 
Sen. Kerrey's evil "Secure Public Networks Act" was introduced in the
Senate today, cosponsored by Sen. McCain. The bill, if passed, would:
Criminalize the knowing use of crypto to encrypt data or communications in
furtherance of a crime; (s. 104)
Criminalize breaking another person's ciphertext for the purpose of
violating their privacy, security, or property rights; (goodbye, Netscape
bugs bounty and DES/RC4 cracks) (s. 105(3))
Criminalize intercepting another's intellectual property for the purpose of
violating intellectual property rights (s. 105(4))
Criminalize issuing a key to another person in furtherance of a crime (s.
Require federal government purchasers of crypto equipment to buy GAK
crypto; (s. 202, 204)
Require crypto products purchased with federal funds for use on a public
network to employ GAK crypto; (s. 203, 205)
Legalize the export of 56-bit DES crypto; (s. 302)
Criminalizes the issuance of signature certificates by registered CA's for
encryption keys if the user has not complied with GAK procedures; (s.
Criminalizes requesting a signature certificate for an encryption key from
a registered CA if the user has not complied with GAK procedures; (s.
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to "make investigations, obtain
information, take sworn testimony, and require reports or the keeping of
records by .. any person", to the extent necessary to enforce the Act; (s.
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to subpoena witnesses and documents in any
State at any designated place; (s. 701(b)(3)(A))
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to impose civil/adminstrative penalties of
up to $100K for violations of the Act; (s. 702(1))
Ugh. The original is online at
, mirrored at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-21 08:36:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: New Laws in Oregon - "Land of the Legal betatest" 
I suggest adopting two very popular memes to reach this goal - three
strikes term limits. A legislator who votes for three different laws which
are eventually struck down as unconstitutional shall be removed from
office, and unable to serve in the legislature again for at least 25 years.
Perhaps first offenders can be offered the opportunity to participate in a
diversion program, whereby they're forced to [re]take classes in
constitutional law and civics, and if they succesfully complete the program
and don't reoffend within one year, the first violation will be ignored. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-24 09:47:06
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: spam on this list 
You're phrasing this like it's a general policy question, e.g., "If we were going to design the best freedom-of-speech legal structure for a society,
what would it look like?", and then trying to apply the answer to that question to a very different question, e.g., "What can we do about
free speech policy, given the wording and past interpretation of the First
Amendment, within the legislative/judicial structure created by the
Constitution?" The Constitution does not grant Congress nor individual states the ability to make certain laws, even if they otherwise appear reasonable or useful; I think it's a shame that people who have sworn to defend the Constitution seem to regard it as an impediment (or fail to understand that it's intended an impediment) to an all-powerful state. (Also, this discussion is, like many law/policy-related ones, pretty US-centric, which is not evil but perhaps nonoptimal or unnecessarily There are three issues here - child porn (broadly speaking, images featuring
children in a sexual context), access to porn by children, and freedom of
speech/expression. It's not clear from your comments whether you're concerned with "child porn" or "access to porn by children", or both.
Your definition of the problem is problematic, because it talks about "our children" and "maturity level where they can deal with it", which are both difficult to fix precisely. Some people would read the phrase "our children" to apply to every child within a national jurisdiction; some people would read the phrase to refer to their own children, or the children in their familiy. Are we talking about single group of children - or nationwide groups of similarly situated children, e.g., 9-year-olds - or are we talking about millions of individual children and family groups, with different standards/expectations/needs? Also, who decides what an appropriate "maturity level" is, and what "dealing with it" is? Are you looking for a solution which will allow you to control your children's access to porn, or a system which will allow you to control all children's access to porn? I see two broad strategies here - if we're concerned about children and porn, we can either control children or control porn. I think that controlling children rather than porn is preferable, because:
1.	It provides the greatest amount of expressive freedom to adults
2.	It allows individual parents/families/communities to adopt their own local standards for what's acceptable
fought. Or we must find a way to avoid the battle - perhaps by abandoning the idea that children are "innocent", and that they're somehow harmed if they hear about or see pictures of sexual activity before they're 18.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-25 08:02:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: "writing code" 
I think that "cypherpunks write code" is best understood with an added
layer of abstraction, e.g., "cypherpunks change the things that bother
them." So I think that "cypherpunks write memes" can be a useful strategy.
But I think it's important to pay attention to which memes are written - do
you mean "Write your Congressperson about this horrible problem!" or "Fuck
the government, fix your own problem(s)!"? Many of the exhortations to the
public consist mostly of "Hey! Get involved! Vote!", even where this
passive "voting" stuff created the very problems which led to the
exhortations. Sure, let's write memes. But let's write memes that encourage people to
solve their own problems and avoid the use of unnecessary force. The mess
that Congress is making out of crypto policy and export control should
provide a crystal-clear example of what we're likely to get if we expect
Washington - or local legislatures - to fix our problems. Next year
Congress will probably fuck with E-mail and spam legislation the way it's
screwing up crypto this year. In 1999, they'll have found something else. (Also, FYI, there was an implied :) smiley at the end of my message about
three-strikes term limits. It's a cute idea, but I bring it up mostly to
illustrate how pathetic and weak contemporary political thought is - we're
ending up with a legal system which consists of crap like that, announced
at press conferences full of various sympathetic "victims", hosted & funded
by lobbyists paid for by prison-guard unions.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-06-28 05:21:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: NRA and National Online Records Check bullshit 
Is anyone aware of a pro-second amendment organization which doesn't spend
some of its money/energy on screwing up other important amendments? (The
fourth, fifth, sixth, and eighth are popular targets.) And, while I'm off topic, here's another data point re why paying cash and
keeping one's home address private is always a good policy:
(from  a few minutes ago)
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) -- Michael Camfield had not even finished watching the
movie he had rented, "The Tin Drum," when police knocked on his front door
and demanded that he give them the Academy Award-winning foreign film.
"I got the strong impression that verbal resistance on my part was futile
and they were going to get that tape one way or another and arrest me if
they had to," said Camfield, development director for the American Civil
Liberties Union in Oklahoma.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-07-01 07:58:38
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Digital Signatures & THE LAW??? 
I realize I'm in danger of sounding like Tim here, but I remember writing a
long message about this some months ago - perhaps it's available through
the archives.
"Legally binding" isn't a useful way to think about this sort of thing.
Signatures serve at least two different purposes; sometimes they're
required to form a contract (say, for the transfer of an interest in real
estate, or a contract which cannot be performed in less than a year, or for
the sale of goods worth more than $500) and sometimes they serve as
evidence that a person has had access to or contact with a physical thing
(like a paper copy of an agreement).
Contract law does not revolve around signatures, it revolves around
agreements. If you don't have an agreement with someone (and haven't acted
in a way which would have led a reasonable person to think you had an
agreement) then you don't have a contract with them. A signature can be
evidence of an agreement, and it may be required to form certain
agreements; but a signature is not an agreement. It's a pattern made with
ink or with bits; an agreement is a legal relationship. The map is not the
territory. If your e-mail doesn't seem to be proposing an agreement, or accepting an
agreement, I don't think you need to worry that you're going to
accidentally form a contract with someone. Other concerns (like, say, that
a digitally signed message could be introduced as evidence in a criminal or
civil trial) seem to stem from the assumption that unsigned messages won't
be admissible .. and I think that assumption will prove to be false. Courts
admit evidence whose origin is disputed or uncertain all of the time, and
trust the jury to decide who they'll believe. There's no reason to assume
that electronic evidence (as opposed to eyewitness accounts, or
photographic evidence, or other falsifiable evidence) will be excluded
because it's potentially suspect. The addition of a digital signature makes
the spurious "But how do you know *I* sent that messsage?" argument less
plausible - but I think that argument's a loser anyway, at least in most
If you're really worried about it, you could add "THIS KEY WILL NOT BE USED
TO SIGN OR FORM CONTRACTS" to your ID string for your public key - but I'm
not sure it really makes much difference. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-07-11 04:13:57
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Recreational pharmaceuticals by genetic engineering 
And these technological developments will exacerbate the conflict between
the First Amendment and behavioral regulation which the Bernstein case has
already highlighted. "Informational liberty" and "behavioral liberty" are
becoming indistinguishable.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-07-16 08:54:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Prepaid/anon net access 
Hash: SHA1
 has a little blurb about the people at , apparently they're offering/planning to offer prepaid net access cards (similar to prepaid phone cards) whereby one can dial an 800 number, then enter a username/PW for 20 mins of dialup PPP. (they don't provide E-mail accounts, you have to have your own provider for that.) More tools for tentacles.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-07-17 06:21:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Censorware Summit: A Preview, from The Netly News 
In addition to the criminal penalties which have been discussed, I think
it's possible that a mis-labeller would face a civil suit for trademark
violation or unfair competition - it's also possible to imagine a claim
that the mis-labelling is fraud (particularly if the mis-labelled site
charges for access), which can have civil and criminal penalties. (wire
fraud is also a federal RICO predicate.) Then again, if lots of people did it, it'd be awfully tough to sue them all. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-08-15 04:47:16
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Ruling in child porn 1st amendment challenge 
I've placed a copy of Judge Conti's ruling in _Free Speech Coalition v.
Reno_, the case challenging the Child Pornography Prevention Act on First
Amendment grounds, on the web at:
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-08-18 12:13:32
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
As far as I can tell from what I've read on the list, Jim has plead guilty
but will not be sentenced until sometime in October. (November?)
In the interim period, he'll be interviewed pretty extensively by a federal
probation officer, who will prepare a presentencing report which discusses
Jim's attitude(s), prior conviction(s), drug/alcohol use, family
status/influences, work history, etc. The presentence report is supposed to
provide a context (for better or worse) into which the conviction(s) and
sentence are placed. Jim and his attorney are supposed to get a chance to
review the presentence report and object to it or supplement it before
sentencing. This is a part of the process where it's possible that Jim is
about to get screwed, because in large part this is one big litmus test re
"bad attitude" (towards authority), which Jim had at one time, and quite
possibly still has. The sentence he recieves will depend upon the federal sentencing
guidelines; the guidelines will provide a range of months for incarceration
and/or probation, depending on the offense level of the crime(s) he plead
to and his criminal history (which appears to be relatively minimal, e.g.,
a previous guilty plea re possession of a precursor to methamphetamine).
It's difficult to guess what his final offense level will be (and hence
guess what range the judge will have to work with) because it depends on
the amount of taxes he evaded. The sentence is determined by the judge, and should be within the range(s)
specified by the sentencing guidelines, unless the judge has a reason to
depart (which can be "upward" = more time, or "downward" = less time) from
the guidelines; there are a number of adjustments to the offense level for
things like weapon use, acceptance of responsibility, etc. The judge is
only allowed to depart from the range specified if there are
aggravating/mitigating factors which aren't covered by the pre-existing
adjustments. More information about the sentencing guidelines is available at
. His political/economic ideas aren't relevant/important to the crimes he
plead to, although I personally suspect that they've got a lot to do with
the decision to investigate and prosecute him.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-08-19 10:37:52
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Jim Bell web pages 
I've got my original page with the scans of the search
warrant/affidavit/return at , and a
second page collecting various links to media reports, etc., at
The Columbian (Jim's hometown paper) has a number of articles about him and
the progress of his case at
. There are also
some miscellaneous documents that the Columbian may or may not intend to
make available to the public available at
 (I don't think they realize
that a directory without an index document will return a directory list. :)
John Young has collected several documents re Jim, which are cataloged at
the beginning of the document at . Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-01 07:15:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Court docs in Salgado/"Smak" case 
I was over at the federal courthouse in SF on Friday, and copied documents
from the court's file in _US v. Salgado_, the case which got national
front-page coverage last week in which the defendant, a 30-something
resident of Daly City, was able to gain access to many credit card numbers
through security holes at some un-named ISP's. The documents (complaint + affidavit, indictment, pretrial release memo,
and motion to seal record) are online at ,
and also available at . The files were graciously
and skillfully transferred from paper to digital/HTML format by John Young
(thanks, John).
I found this file interesting for two reasons:
1.	Salgado used an unspecified crypto app/algorithm to encrypt his
communications with his co-conspirator, an informant working for the FBI.
(Details found in the affidavit accompanying the complaint). This case, a
high-profile and high-value credit card/access fraud case, was brought
quickly to a favorable conclusion for law enforcement, despite the use of
crypto - there's no indication that crypto use hindered law enforcement at
2.	The government has filed a motion to seal the transcripts of Salgado's
guilty plea, because in the course of pleading guilty, he revealed the
identity of some of his victims; the government would prefer that the
public not learn which ISP's had security inadequate enough to protect
their customers' and customers' customers credit cards. (Criminal
defendants, as part of a guilty plea, are required to tell the court in
their own words what it is that they did that constituted the crime - this
is intended to help prevent defendants into being tricked/coerced into
guilty pleas to crimes they don't understand.) The government's motion was
filed on 8/25/97; no opposition was filed, and I don't believe it has been
granted (yet). Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-02 15:20:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: You really do want to volunteer, don't you? 
This sounds like _Florida v. Bostick_, 501 U.S. 429 (1991), on the web at Bill Stewart's summary of the case looked like a good one to me. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-03 07:14:20
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: You really do want to volunteer, don't you? (fwd) 
One of the things that is - or can be - useful about a cross-disciplinary
list like cpunks is that it's possible to read messages written by people
who appear to have knowledge about other unfamiliar-to-the-reader fields,
and have some confidence that the author isn't completely screwing up what
they're writing about, because other list members are likely to speak up
and say "Hey, you're not really getting that right..".
I provided a case cite and agreed with Bill Stewart's reframing of the
issues in the _Bostick_ case not because I imagined that it was especially
interesting to you (Tim), but because I think we all lose out when bad
information (like, for example, the idea that _Bostick_ is about probable
cause, or that it held that failure to volunteer constitutes probable
cause) is circulated, especially by people who are otherwise credible
authors/speakers. A more useful way to avoid corrections/citations/clarifications might be
simply getting the details correct in the first place.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-04 06:07:19
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Crypto hearings via C-SPAN 
The Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Technology, Terrorism, and Government
Information held hearings this afternoon on encryption; audio is available
now at , I don't follow C-Span so I don't know how
long they'll make the recording available.
I haven't finished listening to the recording, but it so far has featured
Senator Leahy and Louis Freeh reminscing pleasantly about their
early-morning walks near Sen. Leahy's farm in rural Vermont, and Freeh
talking about how the situation prior to the enactment of Digital Telephony
looked bleak - but with the helpful intervention of Congress, a "balance"
was achieved between privacy and law enforcement which has made everyone
happy. Ahem.
Key escrow is being compared to airbags in cars; they're discussing forcing
crypto software authors to include key escrow in their software, and
allowing users to "choose" to use it or not. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-05 08:58:11
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Brute-force cracks, discovery, etc. 
HotWired's "Hot Seat" interviewed two private investigators who consult
doing hostile data recovery. Their comments are interesting, both in terms
of illustrating what can (and can't) be recovered, and in terms of the
scope of civil discovery which has become standard in civil disputes. A
transcript is at
. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-12 16:57:27
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Docs in Bernstein converted to HTML 
I've converted two of the newer documents in _Bernstein v. Dept of State_
into HTML; but I'd appreciate it if someone felt like
proofreading/comparing them to the original images, it's late and my eyes
are tired. Judge Patel's Order of 9/9/97, staying some of the injunctive relief:
HTML at image at
Declaration of William Reinsch in support of emergency motion for total stay:
HTML at image at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-13 06:50:58
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Random crypto legal stuff 
I just talked to a docket clerk at the Ninth Circuit - they say that no
oral argument has been scheduled in the Bernstein case (case # is 97-16686
at the appellate level), and no action has been taken since the
government's emergency stay motion was filed.
Also, I spoke with someone at BXA re their updated crypto EARs - they
confirmed that a second draft has been prepared, but say that it's
circulating "at the inter-agency level" and is not available to the public,
even though they'll be discussing it in Portland in two weeks.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-16 07:45:06
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
Got a fax from Dellums' office this afternoon (finally!) with the
amendments from the National Security committee to SAFE - this will be on
the web at . AMENDMENTS TO H.R. 695
OFFERED BY MR. WELDON AND MR. DELLUMS
Strike Section 3 and insert the following:
SEC 3. EXPORTS OF ENCRYPTION.
STATES MUNITIONS LIST. - The Secretary of Commerce, with the concurrence of
the Secretary of Defense, shall have the authority to control the export of
encryption products not controlled on the United States Munitions List.
Decisions made by the Secretary of Commerce with the concurrence of the
Secretary of Defense with respect to exports of encryption products under
this section shall not be subject to judicial review.
products with encryption strength equal to or less than the level
identified in subsection (d) shall be eligible for export under a license
exception after a 1-time review, if the encryption product being exported
does not include features that would otherwise require licensing under
applicable regulations, is not destined for countries, end-users, or
end-uses that the Secretary of Commerce has determined by regulation, with
the concurrence of the Secretary of Defense, are ineligible to receive such
products, and is otherwise qualified for export.
concurrence of the Secretary of Defense, shall specify the information that
must be submitted for the 1-time review referred to in subsection (b).
the enactment of this Act, the President shall notify the Congress of the
maximum level of encryption strength that could be exported from the United
States under license exception pursuant to this section without harm to the
national security of the United States. Such level shall not become
effective until 60 days after such notification.
notifying the Congress of the maximum level of encryption strength under
paragraph (1), and annually thereafter, the President shall notify the
Congress of the maximum level of encryption strength that could be exported
from the United States under license exception pursuant to this section
without harm to the national security of the United States. Such level
shall not become effective until 60 days after such notification.
paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be computed by excluding -
adjournment of more than 3 days to a day certain or an adjournment of the
Congress sine die; and
either House is not in session.
Secretary of Defense may exercise the authorities they have under other
provisions of law to carry out this section.
Amend the title so as to read "A bill to amend title 18, United States
Code, to affirm the rights of United States persons to use and sell
[Note - title 18 is the criminal section of the US Code. SAFE's original
title was "To amend title 18, United States Code, to affirm the rights of
United States persons to use and sell encryption and to relax export
controls on encryption."]
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |  | Export jobs, not crypto.

@_date: 1997-09-18 05:59:39
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: LACC:  DEA Agents Accuse CIA of Tapping Phones 
This would probably be a pretty interesting complaint to read, if there are
any DC-area cypherpunks who feel like making a trip down to the courthouse ..
lacc-request with Subject: unsubscribe
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-09-18 06:14:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
As I remember _Karn_ (sorry to hand-wave, am behind a very slow net
connection at the moment), it's primarily a challenge to State/BXA's
decisions with respect to a particular export license application. The
sentence above from the Weldon/Dellums amendment would eliminate that sort
of challenge.
Congress cannot eliminate challenges like those in _Bernstein_ and _Junger_
which are challenges to a statutory/regulatory scheme on the grounds that
it is unconstitutional. The only way to avoid/eliminate judicial review of
a constitutional challenge to a statute is to amend the constitution
itself. (cf. the "no offensive flag-burning" amendments which are discussed
from time to time, which are unconstitutional when expressed as ordinary
statutes or as administrative regulations, see _Texas v. Johnson_ and _US
v. Eichman_.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-09-25 05:53:08
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: BXA TAC meeting in Portland yesterday 
As noted previously by John Young , the
Department of Commerce's Bureau of Export Administration's Technical
Advisory Committee held a meeting yesterday in Portland, OR. C2Net paid for
me to fly up to Portland and attend the meeting. The following are notes re
what happened -
It was difficult to determine precisely who is on the Committee and who
isn't; the meeting room had a table with seats for (approx) 15 people; at
that table were seated approx. 10 people who were representing
hardware/software manufacturers, law firms, 2 people from BXA, two "special
guests" from European companies (whose names I didn't recognize), and two
"special guests" from Japanese companies - Susumi Hirai for Sony, and
Kobashi Toduchi for NEC. (apologies for the spelling re Japanese names,
those are my guesses at the correct spellings, but I bet they're wrong.)
There were seats in an "audience section" for another 30 people, all of
which were occupied. Among the companies represented (either in the
audience or on the committee) were Tektronix, Boeing, Dept of Energy,
Motorola, Intel, Rockwell, Novell, McDonnell-Douglas, Boeing, Cisco, and
Sun, and C2Net. The attorney who spoke at a Cypherpunks meeting this spring
re export control was there, don't know if he was there on behalf of PGP
and/or other clients. (arrgh, didn't write his name down because I
remembered it, now I can't remember it.) There was an attorney representing
a consortium of manufacturers.
The meeting opened with a short summary/discussion of current events - this
part produced the most information relevant to crypto and export control
issues. Eileen at BXA (didn't get her last name), who seems to be in charge
of drafting regulations and granting/denying export licenses, said that
they've been slow recently re actions on crypto-related licenses because
they're understaffed, but they have recently hired 10 people to process
crypto-related applications, 8 of whom are in public-contact positions. She
said that they don't have a technical background, but are considered policy
analysts; that they've been receiving technical training from "other
agencies", but their technical training (and their ability to get straight
to work) has been hampered by the slowness of getting security clearances
for them. 2 of the 10 have already been cleared/approved. She said that
they've been learning about the "history of encryption". The public-contact
positions will each handle a section of the alphabet - so, for example, the
first person will handle export applications from individuals/companies
with names starting from A through F, and so on.
Eileen said that they have been circulating a new draft of encryption
regulations relating to/concerning financial institutions; a draft of it
was apparently circulated (I think) to a closed-session meeting of the
Committee previously. One of the committee members asked her for a ballpark
estimate of the date when those regs will be released for public comment,
and she deferred, saying that there were "so many agencies" that had to
look at them that it was too difficult to guess. Apparently, the most
difficult/controversial part of these regulations concerns the definition
of a financial institution (FI); she said that they've been granting
licenses to applicants who are clearly FI's, and that organizations who
think that they might qualify as an FI should write to BXA and request an
advisory letter or opinion letter about whether or not they qualify.
She also said that they've been drafting and circulating export regulations
designed to implement the Wassenaar Arrangement; they've been circulating
inter-agency. She said that they anticipate having the final draft finished
at the end of this week or the beginning of next week, at which point it'll
be sent to the Federal Register for publication; and that FR publication
will take 2 more weeks, so these ought to be available to the public
sometime in mid-October.
She also noted that BXA has been relatively inactive with respect to
enforcement actions re cryptography, but that the enforcement/compliance
section of BXA has also made new hires, and that they anticipate ramping up
enforcement. 5-6 people from the enforcement section were at the meeting
(turns out I sat right next to them) but they all left at 10 AM for another
meeting - among them a DOC/BXA attorney I recognized from the Bernstein
After that, the committee spent approx. 2 hours discussing nonproliferation
controls (related to nuclear/biological/chemical weapons) - I didn't bother
with a lot of notes about that, since it's not especially interesting to me
right now. There was a lot of discussion about how difficult it is to
determine whether or not an export is allowed or not - as I understand the
regs it's not permissible to export *anything* which will be used in aid of
producing N/B/C weapons, even otherwise unassuming things like lightbulbs
or ballpoint pens or carpeting or whatever. (I don't know much about this
area of export law, so please don't take my impressions as especially
informative, haven't done reading/research re this and I may be full of
shit. caveat emptor.) Everyone who doesn't work for the government
expressed frustration re the difficulty of figuring out how much effort
they need to put into tracking down the ultimate user(s) and purpose(s) of
otherwise innocuous exports - the BXA folks weren't very helpful, pointing
out that they're going to exercise their discretion not to enforce/punish
exporters who really weren't at fault, but that there were no hard and fast
rules available, either. The discussion here reminded me very much of
recent testimony by the Commerce Dept before Congress - they're more
concerned with intelligence (collecting data re who's buying what, in what
quantities, and when) than they are with preventing people from gaining
access to goods. There was also some discussion about foreign implementations of crypto
export controls and Wassenaar - apparently Jim Lewis (the name isn't
familiar to me) and David Aaron are currently in London, lobbying re crypto
export control/key escrow, and a delegation will go to France, Bonn, and
Tel Aviv later this month on a similar mission.
One speaker said that he expects the UK to adopt controls re "intangible"
items - by this he seemed to mean control over the export of "technical
data" and "technical assistance" related to controlled items, similar to
the US' control over providing data/information/assistance to foreigners
related to export-controlled items. It was also noted that there are a lot
of "informal contacts" in the UK between universities and employers and the
visa office, such that the UK has been able to control some access by
foreign people to technical data and information, by refusing them a visa
or otherwise making their desires clear to the people in the UK who they
expect would have contact with the foreign person.
Re Japan, it was noted that Japan began enforcing much stricter export
controls at the end of 1996, shortly after NTI developed a 3DES chip; MITI
(Japan's "technology" ministry? perhaps someone can provide more data here)
has concluded that exports of crypto stronger than 56 bits should be
subject to strict export control. Japan does not have a "general license"
scheme, whereby some products are generally considered eligible for export,
which would apply to crypto - apparently all exports equire a license.
About 100 Japanese companies have applied for or been granted (couldn't
tell from the context) export licenses for crypto. Japan does not have
special "financial institution" exceptions to its crypto export control
laws; but it does implement the "mass market software" exception for crypto
which is part of the Wassenaar Arrangement.
There was some discussion re crypto export control in the EU; the speakers
noted that crypto control laws apply to GSM phones, which (potentially)
would have made them non-portable across national borders, which everyone
(including governments) thought was a stupid result, so GSM phones are
(formally? informally? couldn't tell) exempt from the export control laws.
Similarly, it is now legal to have/use crypto on a laptop for personal use;
at one time, this was not the case, but large companies' policy was that
crypto should be used anyway, regardless of the export control laws. EU
countries are also (apparently) writing the "mass market software"
exception to the WA's control over crypto into their regulations; one
speaker commented that the EU countries are "working on" key recovery. (the
term used was "key escrow").
The consensus of the speakers seemed to be that the TTP/key escrow draft
legislation for the UK is effectively dead, due to the shift in power to
Labor. It was also noted that the Walsh Report re crypto in Australia
recommends that purchasers of crypto equipment in Australia avoid depending
solely on US-based sources for crypto, because of the danger that the US
may implement mandatory key recovery.
I'm on the mailing list to get formal minutes from the meeting, but that
can apparently take up to 90 days. The next meeting will be 12/9/97 in D.C..
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-09-26 08:52:50
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Concrete examples re why we can't trust the government with our keys. 
First, the FBI settled a FOIA suit with a scholar who had sought access to
the FBI's files re John Lennon - the FBI fought release for 16 years,
finally agreeing to release all but 10 records and pay the requester's
$204,000 in accrued attorney's fees. The records released revealed no
information which suggested that Lennon was involved in, planned to, or
engaged in an illegal act; he was, however, unpopular with the then-head of
the FBI, J. Edgar Hoover. Who is Louis Freeh spying on?
Second, a former NSA employee was sentenced to 18 years in Federal prison
for selling classified information to the Soviet Union for a mere $27,000.
How much would he have charged for escrowed key information? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-10-16 09:48:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
Because they've got customers who will pay for CAKware. Why will customers pay for it? Same reason the FBI wants GAK, even though
motivated/well-informed crypto users will superencrypt or otherwise bypass
the enforcement mechanisms. If you're the C in CAK or the G in GAK, access
to some data is better than access to no data - and the possibility of
enforcement radically alters the risk/benefit calculus of even intelligent
actors who see their interests as contrary to those of the [C,G]. As Jon Callas confirmed at the recent Cpunks physical meeting, the current
CAK/CAM/whatever system has very weak code re policy enforcement - for
example, it'll allow otherwise forbidden messages to pass through its
filters if even the "--- BEGIN PGP MESSAGE ---" lines are altered or
removed. It won't disassemble tar or zip or uuencode packages, or otherwise
attempt to discover simple attempts to bypass the enforcement mechanisms.
They're not trying to stop determined covert communicators - that's not
their threat model.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-10-18 17:59:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Security flaws introduced by "other readers" in CMR 
At the technical level, is there a meaningful difference between the
brothers? Aren't we really talking about third-party access to
communications, and second-party access to stored data ... with the
"brother" distinction being one made at a social/political level, as a
judgement about the legitimacy of the access or the size of the actor,
rather than the character of the access?
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-10-22 09:13:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 CMR key examples, mini-review 
An acqaintance of mine received an evaluation copy of the new PGP For
Business Security 5.5 suite, and I was able to generate some test keys to
play with the message recovery features. I've uploaded them to the cert
servers so folks with the 5.0 client software can experiment with them for
interoperability, etc.
The recovery key is "Little Brother ", fingerprint 26A5
667A 97D4 7018 1B18  2B15 D631 4776 B670 E1D0; a test user whose incoming
and outgoing mail is forced to include the recovery key is "CMR User
, fingerprint EC79 A170 8BAE 60A1 3CAC  C517 34A4 6056
EE42 30E3. Both keys are 768-bit DH keys, as I don't expect that anyone
will use them for anything other than testing.
Installation of the package involves multiple steps - there's an
"administrator install package" (my term, not theirs), which installs a
version 5.5 of PGP, including the PGPTools, PGPKeys and PGPTray apps, as
well as a PGPAdmin program. To implement CMR, the ordinary PGPKeys app is
used to create an otherwise ordinary PGP key pair; the administrator then
runs the PGPAdmin app, which asks questions about security/recovery policy.
The admin can force incoming messages to use a recovery key, can force
outgoing messages to use a recovery key, can enable/disable conventional
encryption, can enable/disable key generation (and RSA key generation), can
force a key to be trusted and to act as a trusted meta-introducer. The
admin can also force the user to use a strong passphrase. (PGP 5.5 includes
a neat passphrase-strength-meter which changes depending on the length and
apparent alphabet-space used in the passphrase for user keys.) Finally, the
admin can force the user to sign/trust a designated Corporate Signing Key.
After the administrator sets those policy choices, the PGPAdmin tool can be
used to generate a customized installer application for distribution to
users. That installer creates a local copy of PGP, which will enforce the
policy choices made by the administrator. The user is warned upon key
generation that a message recovery key will be used (if the app is thus
configured) and that the behavior isn't optional. The recovery key ID is
displayed but not modifiable.
The user interface for 5.5 is much improved over that in 5.0, which was a
big improvement over the command line. There's an indicator (initially
preferenced to OFF, along with other information) in the PGPKeys
application which marks CMR'd keys with a red button; the interface between
PGPKeys and the key server is much improved. It's now possible to mark &
retrieve many unknown keys, then approve adding them to the local keyring
in one step, instead of approving the addition of each additional key. The
icons & screen design have been updated and are now more colorful and
easier to decipher.
When a user with CMR-only client software encrypts data, the ID of the
recovery key appears in the "encrypt to" box, and cannot be dragged out. A
CMR-client will (apparently) still do conventional encryption with no
recovery key if the admin allows this. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-10-28 05:28:51
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: key recovery meeting/demonstration in DC, 11/5 
See ; there's going to be a meeting
discussing key recovery technology and legislation in Washington, D.C. on
November 5. I don't really have time to track down the organizational
pedigree of "GITS" (Government Information Technology Services), the
institution organizing the conference, but they've got space on the Dept of
Treasury's web server. The meeting features, among other folks, William
Reinsch, undersecretary at the Dept of Commerce, and an unnamed luncheon
speaker who will discuss the future of KR legislation. The cost is $100,
and they want you to register by today. Am unsure how easy it'd be to crash
the conference - it's at the Omni Shoreham Hotel.
The web page features plenty of obfuscation/confusion which tries to link
KR technology with encryption/security technology, suggesting that a
combination of the two (or merely the former) is required to allow
widespread use of the Internet for commerce and data transfer. If anyone happens to attend, I imagine that list subscribers would be
interested in a summary of the comments, etc.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-10-31 19:11:55
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Jim Bell sentencing delayed 
According to PACER, Jim Bell's sentencing has been postponed yet again; the
sentencing was originally scheduled for 9/17, which was continued to 10/31,
which was continued (via an order on 10/24) until 11/21/97 at 9:00 AM.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-11-03 18:01:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell sentencing delayed 
perhaps I'm just low on conspiracy juice this week, but I think that Kent's
suggestion that he's in the hospital is probably the best - his recent
letters/calls to Blanc mentioned a persistent staph infection. If he'd been
released, I expect that the docket would indicate that. (it's possible that
they've got a "phantom docket" which has parallel but different entries ..
but I doubt it.) I'm reluctant to wander down the "Is Jim a narc? Is Jim not a narc?" path
because it's too difficult to reach a dependable conclusion with the little
information available .. especially given that the feds may be trying to
make it look like he is, or isn't, or is but appears not to be, or
whatever. Too many people applying too much spin. My occam's razor thinks
he's in the jail ward of the local hospital, explaining why John got his
books back and why the sentencing hasn't happened.
If the feds wanted information from him, they've already got it .. and if
they're going to hold him until he testifies against co-conspirators, it's
going to take a lot longer than a continuation until mid-November. So I
doubt that's the reason for the delay.
And, to answer Tim's question re why he can't be sentenced immediately -
because that's not how it works in federal court. Federal defendants submit
to lengthy interviews with a probation officer, who then draws up a report
which summarizes the defendant's social/political/economic/pharmaceutical
background, lists the defendant's prior history of
education/crime/whatever, and so forth. The judge then imposes a sentence
based on the PSR (presentence report) and the guidelines range, which
creates a relatively narrow range of sentences matching a particular crime.
The idea is that the punishment should both be tailored to the defendant,
and be relatively standard across crimes of similar severity. More re
determinate sentencing at .
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-11-07 06:22:11
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: BXA mtg in DC, 12/9/97 
In late September, I attended a meeting of the BXA's Regulations &
Procedures Technical Advisory Committee in Portland (OR), where there was
some discussion of crypto export control regulations, plans for changes to
those regs, etc. There will be another meeting of that group on 12/9/97 at
9 AM in the (Herbert C., not J. Edgar) Hoover Building, Room 3884, between
Pennsylvania & Constitution Avenues, NW, in Washington DC. The agenda is:
1.	Opening remarks by the Chairperson.
2.	Presentation of papers or comments by the public.
3.	Update on the encryption regulation.
4.	Update on the Wassenaar Arrangement implementation regulation.
5.	Discussion on the "deemed export" issue.
6.	Discussion on the Enhanced Proliferation Control Initiative and the
continued publication of Entities of Concern.
7.	Update on the Automated Export System.
8.	Discussion on efforts to conform the Foreign Trade Statistics
Regulations and the Export Administration Regulations on export clearance
[Closed session]
9.	Discussion of matters properly classified under Executive Order 19958,
dealing with U.S. export control program and strategic criteria related
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:35:05
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
The decision is online in an incredibly difficult-to-read layout at:
.. I'm working on a more nicely formatted version, but am kinda getting my
ass kicked with things to do today, so that may not be ready until tomorrow. Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-11-22 14:08:34
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell's Sentencing Delayed Again 
It strikes me as peculiar/unusual; perhaps there's a list subscriber with
more experience on the Federal criminal side to offer a different
perspective. The factor that strikes me as especially peculiar is that
there haven't been motions from either the defense or the prosecution in
support of these postponements; they've simply been entered as orders from
the court. (I haven't seen a docket entry for this latest postponement,
perhaps it's different.)
If the defense saw it as in their interests to delay sentencing, ordinarily
I'd expect to see a motion from the defense for each postponement, wherein
the defense would explain why they're not prepared to move forward.
Similarly, were the prosecution unprepared (perhaps the probation
department hasn't finished the presentence report), I'd expect to see a
motion to that effect .. and it'd be very unusual for either side to
succeed in gaining three postponements. Either side can probably expect one
as a matter of courtesy, perhaps a second if there's a really good reason
.. but three is unusual, especially without a motion & affidavit to explain
I'm starting to favor the explanation which suggests that Jim will be
testifying at the trial(s) or before grand juries in other matters - and
that his sentencing is postponed to ensure his cooperation, and that the
defense isn't squealing about the successive postponements because that's
seen as more favorable than receiving a sentence of many, many months in
the event of noncooperation. I'm reluctant to finger anyone as a "snitch"
without knowing more - and this is all speculation - but something looks
funny about what's happening thus far. (It's also possible that he's
physically/mentally incapacitated such that he's not able to participate in
his sentencing, which would explain why the court would be postponing on
its own initiative, and why the defense isn't opposing the continuance.)
I guess I don't really see a good (or uncomplicated) reason for these
postponements - if Jim were out of custody, it wouldn't be surprising for
him to attempt to drag the out-of-custody presentence period on for some
time. But when a defendant is in custody, they're likely to get more
immediate/focused attention from their attorney, and courts are less likely
to enter a continuance. The prosecution doesn't need to do a lot of extra
work to prepare for sentencing, and the probation department has had a lot
of time to work up the presentence report.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-11-26 13:56:48
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: The Policeman Inside 
"The policeman inside" is neither a conscience nor an instinct towards
self-preservation. I'm familiar with the term being used to refer to the
internalization of a system of external rules, coupled with a belief in
pervasive surveillance and/or the adoption of the viewpoint of an external
supervisor, such that one with a "policeman inside" learns to fear
punishment at every moment and in every situation. See, for example,
Bentham's Panopticon or Foucault's _Discipline & Punish_ for more on the
topic. Also, you may note that two of the three terms you used as examples of
"wrong" behavior themselves imply judgments and a moral position - "theft"
and "murder". Whether or not the taking of a physical thing is "theft" can
be a complex question, that has a lot to do with contracts and agreements
and socially constructed ideas about property. Similarly, "murder" is (to
adopt a broad definition) an unlawful and intentional homicide - which,
again, presupposes certain judgements about relationships between people.
It's easy to say that "theft and murder are wrong", because wrongness is
part of the meaning of the terms "theft" and "murder". It's much less
satisfying to say something like "it's wrong to take things that someone
else thinks they own, unless they're mistaken or you have a superior claim"
or "it's wrong to shoot someone who didn't deserve to be shot".
It's the creation of a "policeman inside" which causes people to lose their
ability to make judgements about which people (if any) ought to be shot and
which people deserve to keep their stuff. And that loss of the ability
(cognitive and moral) is, I think, a direct cause of the very crimes (theft
and murder) you mention.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-01 16:10:40
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Kashpureff stuff online 
CBC has put together a short (7 mins or so) news piece on the
Kashpureff/Alternic situation - it's available via RealVideo (which seems
to run reasonably over my 28.8 modem at home) at
They've also made an image of his US arrest warrant and the criminal
complaint filed in the US district court (ED NY, 97-1343M) available at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-02 08:46:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Panel names released for Bernstein hrg on 12/8 
I just spoke with someone in the clerk's office at the Ninth Circuit - the
composition of the panel of judges for next Monday's hearing in the
Bernstein case has been released. The judges are Bright, Fletcher, and
(Thomas) Nelson. I haven't been able to find information about Judge
Bright, but found pages of (meager) ratings/discussion about Fletcher and
Nelson at:
I think that Judge Bright may be Myron H. Bright, a senior justice on the
8th Circuit, who sometimes sits on 9th circuit cases by designation.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-13 14:14:09
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Columbian squib on Bell sentencing 
'Assassination Politics'      author gets 11 months
       TACOMA, Wash. - James Dalton Bell, the Vancouver man who wrote an
Internet essay entitled "Assassination Politics," was sentenced this
morning to 11 months in prison and two to three years of tightly supervised
       Bell's attorney objected to the probation conditions, which bar Bell
from possessing a firearm or chemicals or entering a federal office without
prior approval. He may not advocate violence or overthrow of the government.
       Bell, 39, has been in custody since May. In July, he pleaded guilty
to obstructing Internal Revenue Service agents and using false Social
Security numbers. Bell also admitted collecting the names and home
addresses of IRS employees; proposing the "Assassination Politics" idea
that targeted federal employees, and planting a stink bomb in the IRS's
Vancouver office in March.
     -- Marcia Wolf, Columbian staff writer
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-14 18:44:35
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
No, that's not correct. He was charged with (and plead guilty to)
obstructing an IRS agent (26 USC 7212(a)) and misuse of a Social Security
number (42 USC 408). The "attack" he admitted to executing consisted of
applying a stinky chemical to the doormat of an IRS office. (see
 for more.)
That doesn't make any sense - it could conceivably have been introduced to
demonstrate intent, or state of mind .. but not motive, at least in the
absence of evidence that an active assassination market existed, and the
prosecution apparently didn't see fit to mention such evidence to the
press, nor to the judge at sentencing.
But it's misleading to say that the essay was used to "demonstrate"
anything, as it was never introduced into evidence - there was no trial.
Jim plead guilty and was sentenced based upon the arguments of his counsel,
the prosecutor, and the probation department's presentence report. It's
interesting to note that the prosecutor and the defense concurred in
recommending to the judge that Jim receive a sentence at the low end of the
permissible range, while the probation department (which acts as an
"attitude police") urged a sentence of 27 months, at or near the upper end
of the applicable guidelines.
Jim's analysis of AP and its relationship to our legal/political/social
structure was poor, and his behavior juvenile and indefensible. He did not,
however, present a credible threat to the IRS, nor should he be punished
more harshly because of his political views/ideas.
We should not let distaste/disgust for Jim's ideas and tactics blind us to
the important legal and constitutional questions lurking beneath the
surface of this investigation and prosecution - there's some possibility
that the IRS used its investigation of Jim as a threat to other prolific
authors on the Internet.
For example, copies of the press release announcing the raid on Jim's home
were mailed, apparently from computer systems inside the IRS, to
individuals active on the Cypherpunks list. The IRS has never before (or
since) bothered to notify those individuals about criminal investigations
which might otherwise be of interest. One easy conclusion to reach is that
the raid was intended to chill those individuals' expressive activity on
the Net with respect to Jim and his ideas and the interplay between
taxation and anonymity and cryptography.
Further, it's worth considering carefully the relationship between Jim's
legitimate and constitutionally protected political speech and the criminal
trial process. To what extent did Jim's outspokenness about the IRS
influence its interest in investigating and prosecuting him? To what extent
was his protected speech used to argue that he was ineligible for release
on bail pretrial? To what extent did his extended pretrial incarceration
pressure him to plead guilty? (Note that as of his sentencing on 12/12,
he's already served almost 80% of his term of incarceration.) To what
extent did his protected speech influence the probation department to
recommend a sentence two and half times as long as that proposed in the
plea agreement negotiated by the prosecution and defense? To what extent
will his protected speech be used to measure his compliance with the terms
of his supervised release?
Assuming that one considers a stinkbomb "force", it seems beyond dispute
that Jim is in fact guilty of the charges against him - so it's difficult
to argue that he was, in fact, wrongfully convicted. But it's also
difficult to argue that, but for his AP essay(s), he'd never have attracted
the attention nor scrutiny of the IRS, and hence never have been
prosecuted. In effect, he's guilty of violating common sense - he shouldn't
have drawn attention to himself if he wasn't prepared for a certain amount
of scrutiny. But cases like Jim's demonstrate that there's a considerable
gulf between the high-school-civics-class idea that we are all equal before
the law and the practical world of the criminal trial system. Jim was
treated specially at every stage of this process because of what he's
written, and that should make every person who values free political
expression uncomfortable. Jim's case demonstrates that we're moving closer
to a country where one can be prosecuted for thoughtcrime. And that,
indeed, should be of interest to FC list members.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-15 10:53:29
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
I think your term "non-lethal attack" is poorly chosen - there are any
number of behaviors which can be characterized as such. Lots of people do
lots of non-lethal things every day. (In fact, some might express a
preference in favor of the non-lethal attacks.)
It's also easy to interpret the data we've got as suggesting that Jim liked
to talk big and take small actions - he certainly had the tools and the
information required to carry out a "lethal attack" were he inclined to do
so. But he didn't.
It might have been interesting evidence, had Jim been charged with the
murder of an IRS agent. Perhaps you can point to one of his essays in which
he discusses the use of stinkbombs? Even so, I think there's a strong possibility that the essay(s) would have
been inadmissible, had there been a trial. And the interesting question
with respect to the essays is not whether or not they demonstrated an
antipathy towards the IRS, but whether or not they can be legitimately
considered by any of the judicial/administrative bodies charged with
deciding Jim's fate. He did not plead to "lesser charges", he plead guilty to both charges which
were brought against him.
And there's no "doubt" here at all - the government charged him with the
crimes they thought they could prove against him at trial, Jim and his
attorney agreed with that assessment, and was sentenced. Handwaving about
evidence which wasn't introduced to show "motive" for crimes he wasn't
charged with isn't helpful.
Does that matter? Do you think that we can/should restrict the freedom of
the many, many harmless loons because of the much smaller percentage of
loons who go on to do awful things? And who decides who's a loon? I'm sure
that both you and I fit some people's definitions of loons. Will we lose
our rights, to speak, to own firearms, etc? Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1997-12-16 12:16:49
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part I of II 
There's an important distinction between a requirement that you identify
yourself accurately, and a requirement that you carry a particular form of
identification. It is constitutional for the police to ask you what your
name is, under certain circumstances - and you can face criminal charges if
you lie. It is not, however, constitutional to require that you keep or
carry identity cards or documents. (Modulo, of course, participation in
activities like carrying a concealed weapon or driving. There are some
people who believe that carrying special credentials should not be required
when undertaking those activities, but very few or none of those people sit
as judges, so their beliefs are comforting or pleasing but also
insufficient to prevent conviction.) Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1998-01-08 17:52:31
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto (fwd) 
See  for information about the USPS'
plan to act as a CA.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1998-01-25 03:45:42
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Executing Kaczynski 
Kaczynski was not sentenced immediately - but the crimes he plead guilty to
and the legal posture of the prosecution (e.g., the withdrawn notice of
intent to seek the death penalty) make his sentence a foregone conclusion.
He is still, however, subject to the same pre-sentencing rigamarole that
Jim was; see, for example, this excerpt from the transcripts of the court
proceeding on 1/22 - (at
 9THE COURT:  Okay.  There will be a special assessment of
10   $650 imposed for your guilty plea pursuant to federal law.
11Mr. Kaczynski, do you understand those possible
12   consequences of your plea?
13THE DEFENDANT:  Yes, Your Honor.
14THE COURT:  Under the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the
15   United States Sentencing Commission has issued guidelines for
16   judges to follow in determining the sentence in a criminal
17   case.  Have you and your attorneys talked about how the
18   Sentencing Commission guidelines might apply to your case?
19(Discussion off the record between the defendant,
20   Ms. Clarke and Mr. Denvir.)
21THE DEFENDANT:  Yes, Your Honor.
22THE COURT:  Do you understand that the Court will not be
23   able to determine the guideline sentence for your case until
24   after the pre-sentence report has been completed and your
25   attorney and the Government have had an opportunity to object
     SUSAN VAUGHAN, CSR No. 9673 -- (916) 446-1347
 1   to any of the findings in that report?
 2THE DEFENDANT:  Yes, Your Honor.
 3THE COURT:  Do you understand that after it has been
 4   determined what guideline applies to a case, the judge has the
 5   authority in some circumstances to impose a sentence that is
 6   more severe or less severe than the sentence called for by the
 7   guidelines?
 8THE DEFENDANT:  Yes, Your Honor.
 9THE COURT:  How about the question of appeal?  Has that
10   been waived?
11MR. LAPHAM:  Yes, Your Honor.  It's contained at page 7,
12   beginning at line 16.
13THE COURT:  Okay.  Do you understand that by entering
14   into the plea agreement you have entered with the Government,
15   you will have waived or given up your right to appeal all or
16   any part of your plea of guilty and anything else that occurs
17   during this conviction hearing and anything that occurs during
18   your sentencing hearing?
19THE DEFENDANT:  Yes, Your Honor.
20THE COURT:  Do you understand that parole has been
21   abolished and that if you plead guilty, you will spend the
22   rest of your life in prison and you will never be released or
23   paroled?
24THE DEFENDANT:  I understand that, Your Honor.
25THE COURT:  Do you understand that if the sentence is
     SUSAN VAUGHAN, CSR No. 9673 -- (916) 446-1347
 1   more severe than you expected, you will still be bound by your
 2   plea and will have no right to withdraw it?
 3THE DEFENDANT:  I understand it, Your Honor.
 4THE COURT:  Do you understand that if I do not accept
 5   the sentencing recommendation in your plea agreement, you will
 6   still be bound by your plea and will have no right to withdraw
 7   it?
 8THE DEFENDANT:  I understand that, Your Honor.
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         | Export jobs, not crypto.
 |

@_date: 1998-04-21 17:39:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Position escrow 
Arguments about the "utility" of the technology are distracting - lots of
things are useful in some rare circumstances, not in others. If I were held
hostage in my apartment, I might wish there were hidden video cameras
installed in every room so the SWAT team snipers would be able to shoot the
bad guys without endangering me. If I were injured badly in a single-car
accident in a desolate place, I might wish that the government had the
means to track every automobile's location. The rest of the time, I think
those technologies are very distasteful and unwelcome. People dying of
thirst drink urine. It's not necessarily useful to use a worst-case
scenario when deciding how we'd like to organize and technologize our
ordinary lives.
The question is not whether or not cypherpunks want cellphone-locating
technology to be built - because it will be built. People who aren't happy
with that, for whatever reason, must fight that technology with technology
- arguments and proclamations are helpless against technology, as the
ridiculous export control "debate" makes clear. Once the technology exists,
it will be used.
What we need are cellphone remailers - they'll accept cellphone traffic
sent via nonstandard means (a different spread-spectrum
arrangement/protocol, or different frequencies for analog, or ..) and relay
it onto the ordinary (subject to surveillance) cell frequencies/spectrum.
Third parties who want to use ordinary/automated cellphone tracking systems
will get the physical address of the relay, not that of the phone. And
(hopefully) the relay won't keep logs of its traffic, nor attempt to track
down its users. (Operators of relays likely won't have access to nearly the
number of antennae/base stations that the regular cellphone folks do, so
it'll be harder for them to use trianguation and timing to derive physical
location. At least that's what my relatively RF-clueless understanding is.)
Do you (or other folks familiar with ham radio technology and repeater
technology) have any comments on the ease/difficulty of building a cellular
remailer? I assume it'd be necessary to modify a cellphone to use the
nonstandard remailer setup, which may be difficult.
But one-way pagers are a dying technology - and I'll bet that within 3-5
years, it'll no longer be possible to turn off cellphones, at least without
removing the batteries. I think that change won't be driven by surveillance
needs, but because the setup time required where the phone and the network
do their handshaking is annoying. It's likely to get worse as crypto is
added to cellphones, and if batteries get better it won't be crucial to
have the phone turned off when not in use.
Then again, you probably know a lot more about cellphone design than I do. If we want safeguards, we're going to have to build them ourselves. Laws
won't help, neither will carefully crafted, reasonable arguments. Greg Broiles        |History teaches that 'Trust us'
gbroiles |is no guarantee of due process.
_Kasler v. Lundgren_, 98 CDOS 1581
(March 4, 1998)

@_date: 1998-09-09 17:00:36
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: radio net (fwd) 
I don't know of a persistent web copy of the regs (only query-based ones,
where the queries are only good for a few hours), but the regulation you're
looking for is 47 CFR 97.113 -
"(a) No amateur station shall transmit: . . . . (4) Music using a phone
emission except as specifically provided elsewhere in this section;
communications intended to facilitate a criminal act; messages in codes or
ciphers intended to obscure the meaning thereof, except as otherwise
provided herein; obscene or indecent words or language; or false or
deceptive messages, signals, or identification"
As I understand things (and I don't follow communications law, so I don't
think my opinion is well-informed), the restrictions only apply to
transmissions within the amateur band(s); so that's not applicable to, say,
the FRS (family radio service, a band recently opened to non-licensed
communications - used, for example, by the small Motorola TalkAbout
radios), or cordless/cellphone frequencies. PDF copies of the FCC regs are online at
; amateur ("ham") radio is at Part 97.
I'm working on a bigger rant about crypto and radio and guns and Y2K and
the net; the gist of it is that amateur radio people, who are generally
decent folks as individuals, have cozied up to the FCC to protect their
"radio privileges" and have been rewarded with a mountain of bureacratic
horseshit which outdoes even the idiotic regulations re crypto export and
firearms .. and it's enforceable because the people who got licenses from
the government to communicate with each other (but only in certain ways, on
certain frequencies, after identifying themselves) fall over themselves to
find people who *don't* think they need a license to communicate (or who
think that the First Amendment *is* their license), and they rat those
non-licensed folks out to the FCC. The FCC's got an army of unpaid
volunteer informers who watch their fellow subjects to ensure compliance
with these silly rules .. which leads to a situation where ham radios are
mostly useful for talking to other people about how the weather is in some
other part of the globe, and what kind of radio someone's got, and how big
their antenna is. The FCC (and parallel organizations in other countries)
are discussing liberalizing the regulations regarding amateur radio use,
and a significant fraction of the current radio people are opposed to the
liberalization, because it'll topple their little kingdoms and make their
hard-earned licenses and certifications uninteresting.
If you want to know what crypto regs and net use regs are going to look
like in 10-20 years, look at the amateur radio regs now - we'll have
citizens' committees (similar to the "block leaders" on GeoCities) who stay
up late at night, unpaid, watching their fellow subjects for signs of
pseudonym use, or the use of unlicensed/unapproved crypto, or "unlicensed
Internet broadcasting". The citizens' committees will explain that they're
dedicated volunteers devoted to keeping their communities "clean" and
"orderly", and that without their intervention the FIC would be unable to
ride herd on all of the wild people using programs nobody's inspected and
communicating with ciphers nobody can read, saying things that just
shouldn't be said because they'll make somebody upset or something.
Besides, children might be reading. Everyone wants to be polite, don't they? Greg Broiles        |History teaches that 'Trust us'
gbroiles |is no guarantee of due process.
_Kasler v. Lundgren_, 98 CDOS 1581
(March 4, 1998)

@_date: 1998-09-10 20:56:59
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Mercury-News article tries to link crypto export, Africa bombings 
Standard four-horsemen stuff; see
. I couldn't find any
actual connection between the Africa bombings and crypto (or crypto
export), but the FBI and their pet congresspeople are much too smart to get
bogged down in a discussion of actual facts. Greg Broiles        |History teaches that 'Trust us'
gbroiles |is no guarantee of due process.
_Kasler v. Lundgren_, 98 CDOS 1581
(March 4, 1998)

@_date: 1998-09-17 19:15:23
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
And a lot of good it's done the two who've been busted so far .. doesn't
look like encryption is a serious obstacle to legitimate law enforcement to
Greg Broiles        |History teaches that 'Trust us'
gbroiles |is no guarantee of due process.
_Kasler v. Lundgren_, 98 CDOS 1581
(March 4, 1998)

@_date: 1998-09-17 22:57:04
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Mark Twain/Mercantile dumps Digicash 
According to
Mark Twain Bank/Mercantile Bank will no longer support DigiCash. They are
no longer listed as an issuer of ecash on Digicash' website. Neither
organization seems to have information available via the web about the
decision to terminate the service.
Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-09-18 00:24:17
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: RF networks, spread spectrum 
Cpunks interested in radio networking and spread spectrum apps might find
the following links useful -  describes the design of
a 900 mhz spread spectrum 128kb/s TCP/IP radio network with 10baseT
 provides an overview of spread
spectrum projects/regulations/applications
 has links to more spread spectrum
stuff. Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-09-22 00:35:25
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
I'm certainly not a cryptographer, but I'm somewhat at a loss in trying to
understand the purpose of using public-key (or asymmetric key)
cryptography within a policy/technology system which won't allow the use
of the strengths of asymmetric key crypto. As I understand the paper you
reference above, to implement this system the public key must be kept
confidential, and signed documents must also be kept confidential, or the
system of the security as a whole is at risk. With those constraints, why
bother with the overhead (computationally/technically/legally) of
asymmetric key crypto at all? It seems like much of the security in the system described above comes
from the server/other party's ability to thwart brute-force attacks by
detecting and responding to multiple failed attempts at authentication;
that seems like a very good thing, but not really a strength or a weakness
of the protocol itself, but an additional practice/protocol which is
useful in many contexts.
Is it really necessary/useful to call the scheme "software smart cards"?
If it were called "An improved system for user authentication", I don't
think it would make people nearly so suspicious. From my perspective, one
of the advantages of smart card technology is that I can carry my
authentication material with me; a system which puts it on my hard disk is
less attractive. Floppies are portable, but not durable. I didn't understand the relationship between this scheme and Rivest's
chaffing and winnowing which you note was cited as a reference in the SSC
paper - would you (or someone else) mind explaining the connection? The
closest I can get is thinking that there's a parallel between trying to
guess which PIN in the SSC system is valid and which isn't, and the
"winnowing" part of the Rivest protocol; but that doesn't seem like an
especially meaningful or illuminating relationship. It looks like maybe a
footnote was dropped, which would've tied the Rivest paper to a particular
passage in the paper.
Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-10-12 13:14:21
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: nonviolent AP variant 
At yesterday's physical cypherpunks meeting in Palo Alto, Steve Schear and
I were talking about the practical/legal/moral aspects of the
"assassination politics" scheme; during the course of that conversation,
we discussed the possibility that a similar scheme might usefully be
employed in a non-violent context, assuming the existence of a working
(=legitimate) legal or political system.
In a nutshell (this is my later gloss on things we discussed, so confusion
should be blamed on me), the system might be organized as follows:
One or more organizers announce their intention to create a prize pool
concerning a certain question - for example, "The circumstances under
which Bill Clinton's presidency ends." The organizers would then collect
contributions towards a prize pool to be awarded to the person with the
most accurate guess, as well as guesses about the subject matter of the
general question. Depending on the gambling/contest laws of the local
jurisdiction, the organizers might or might not choose to require a
contribution towards the pool in order to register a guess/prediction.
Further, the organizers would likely choose to reject any guesses which
required or implied the breaking of laws (or the wrongful initiation of
force), as they'd prefer not to be investigated/prosecuted in the event
that a guesser did something illegal/wrong in hopes of collecting the
The contest would then proceed - guesses would likely be held
confidentially, time-stamped, to minimize piling on (especially where
entry is free). Third parties with information or the ability to
legitimately modify the outcome of the contest - for example, former
mistresses or business partners who might come forward with otherwise
withheld evidence of wrongdoing - would have a strong motivation to
provide as detailed a guess as possible, including their particular
information, and then to make that information available to the
legal/political system so that it would be acted upon.
If the prize pool grew large enough, the subject of the question might
choose to force the resolution, winning the prize for themselves - e.g.,
if $10M is enough to tempt Clinton from office, he can predict his own
resignation (e.g., "Clinton will resign on Oct 31, 1998, wearing a blue
suit and a yellow striped tie; the last sentence of his speech will be
'Darlin', let's git the truck packed, I'm outta here!'")  This modification of the "AP" process has several advantages - it's
probably legal, it's nonviolent, and it's likely to encourage (rather than
undermine) cooperative/consensual governance, instead of rule by
fear/force. It seems to be the result of a combination of the "idea
futures" system and the reward process for Eric Rudolph as interpreted by
Bo Gritz - e.g., get the figure high enough, and the target will turn
himself in and use the reward to fund his own defense. It definitely needs a better name than "assassination politics". Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-11-26 07:35:42
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Bank record privacy 
No quibbles from me, Tim is correct. Bank record privacy for individuals
and small (< 5 partners) partnerships is governed by the Financial Privacy
Act of 1978 (12 USC 3401 et seq). I've got a short discussion of it online
as part of a larger (and incomplete) survey of federal privacy statutes at
. There are cites to a few of the
bigger/older bank record privacy cases there, if people are interested in
reading further. Don't expect confidentiality against the government from a US-chartered
(federal or state) financial institution; you may be able to extract money
from the bank following a disclosure which didn't conform to the
complicated rules for disclosures, but banks are in the business of keeping
cops and shareholders, not customers, happy. There's no real risk that
customers will switch banks because of poor privacy policies because
they've all got the same policies. As a general rule, there's no protected/significant expectation of privacy
in information which is disclosed to third parties, absent a special
relationship which would preserve that privacy. The class of special
relationships (roughly, spouse, attorney, doctor, minister) is based on
history/custom and legislation, so you can't create a new one just because
you want to - not even with a contract, because the other party can be
compelled to disclose the information (despite the contract) by subpoena or
via a search warrant. (The Fifth Amendment would only bar such compelled
disclosure if the information tended to incriminate the disclosing party,
and the disclosing party were a natural person, not a corporation.) Greg Broiles        |History teaches that 'Trust us'
gbroiles |is no guarantee of due process.
_Kasler v. Lundgren_, 98 CDOS 1581
(March 4, 1998)

@_date: 1998-12-03 05:22:56
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: I Got Mine 
More information is interesting, but it's important to remember that cops
are free to lie to ordinary people and suspects; it's not considered a
violation of your constitutional rights, of the law, or of their
professional standards. Good interrogators/investigators learn to use
social and psychological techniques to gain the results they want - which
may be gaining intelligence, extracting a confession, or isolating a
suspect from their friends/supporters/codefendants.
Just as a reasonable person will likely listen cautiously to an accused
person proclaiming their innocence, a reasonable person should also listen
cautiously when the prosecution proclaims someone's guilt.  Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-12-03 15:14:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: RE: I Got Mine 
My evidence books are packed in a moving box (sigh) at the moment, so
please take this with a grain of salt, but the only reason I see to ask
you to write anything down is to use it against you, either as a witness
or as a defendant. Your written statement is considered hearsay and
wouldn't be admissible at Toto's trial .. unless the prosecution was using
it to impeach you in the event that you testified, in which case it would
be admissible solely for the purpose of making you look like a liar. (If
the statement also tends to cast Toto in a poor light, the prosecution
probably won't lose any sleep over the spillover effects on the jury.)
If either side in a trial (especially a criminal trial) thinks you've got
something useful to say, they're going to need to put you on the witness
stand in front of the jury/judge and let you make your statements, and be
cross-examined, in person. Statements made out of court won't be
admissible to prove the truth of the matter they're discussing, unless the
situation happens to fit into one of a series of narrow exceptions.
One of the biggest exceptions is called "statements made by the opposing
party", aka "statements by the defendant" in a criminal trial. Another is
to impeach a witness with a prior inconsistent statement, where the prior
statement is inconsistent with their testimony at trial.
It smells like a setup to me.
Greg Broiles

@_date: 1998-12-22 15:46:07
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: DigiCash Update, part II 
I've been away for a bit, physically and otherwise, but have am back from
vacation and spent some time down at the clerk's office of the bankruptcy
court in San Jose today. Apropos to an ongoing discussion of a week or so ago -
The filing is real - the court's file is up to about 400 pages, so I didn't
get the whole thing, but the schedules (including a list of assets) have
been filed. I'm in the process of digesting them into a website about the
Digicash bankruptcy. A little birdie sent me a document which is
purportedly the Dutch bankruptcy filing, and I'm looking for a translator.
Volunteers? According to the documents filed with the court, Digicash Inc. has assets
of $51,649, and liabilities of $3,068,076.49. The breakdown is as follows:
Real estate				$0
Personal property			$51,649
Secured claims			($123,438.09)
Unsecured priority claims	($279,500.60)
Unsecured nonpriority claims	($2,665,137.80)
Personal property includes $5,595.00 in cash, $23,220 in advance payments
on leases or security deposits, $5,750 in accounts receivable, and $17,084
in office supplies, furniture, and equipment.
Secured claims includes $73,449.56 for/secured by computer equipment,
$12,362 for/secured by a copier, and $37,626.53 for/secured by office
furniture, fittings, etc. Unsecured priority claims are for wages & commissions owed to employees and
independent sales agents, for amounts earned in the 90 days prior to
bankruptcy, maxing out at $4300 per person entitled to priority.
Unsecured nonpriority claims are everything else - including a bridge loan
from August Capital for $825,941.00, a bridge loan from the Glide IT Fund
for $386,325.18, legal fees of $103,756 to Gunderson Dettmer, $53,143.25 to
Netscape (apparently a software license, marked as disputed), a bridge loan
from Nicholas Negroponte for $193,735.20, legal fees of $25,103.29 to Nixon
& Vanderhyde of Washington DC (patent attorneys, who were kind enough to
file detailed legal bills with their proof of claim), a bridge loan from
Paul Van Keep of $61,698.36, legal fees of $20,635.59 to Steinhauser
Hoogenraad of the Netherlands, a bridge loan of $581,339.77 from Tech. For
Information and Entertainment III LP of Lexington MA, and a bridge loan of
$7242.35 from Thomas Little of Nashua NH. (there are also a fair number of
small to medium trade debts which I haven't listed here.) The IP listed as assets (but not assigned a value in the amounts shown
above) include these patents:
(all are US patents)
5,712,913	Limited-traceability systems
5,781,631	Limited-traceability systems
5,493,614	Private signature and proof systems
5,485,520	Automatic real-time highway toll collection from moving vehicles
[listed twice]
5,434,919	Compact endorsement signature systems
5,373,558	Desinated[sic]-confirmer signature systems
5,276,736	Optionally moderated transaction systems
5,131,039	Optionally moderated transaction systems
4,996,711	Selected-exponent signature systems
4,991,210	Unpredictable blind signature systems
4,987,593	One-show blind signature systems
4,949,380	Returned-value blind signature systems
4,947,430	Undeniable signature systems
4,926,480	Card-computer moderated systems
4,914,698	One-show blind signature systems
4,759,064	Blind unanticipated signature systems
4,759,063	Blind signature systems
4,529,870	Cryptographic identification, financial transaction, and
credential device
The IP list also mentions that DigiCash holds copyrights to software in the
US and abroad, without providing further detail.
Digicash holds or has filed for trademarks on the terms "DIGICASH" and
"ECASH" in the following jurisdictions: Australia, Brazil, Canada,
Switzerland, Chile, China, Costa Rica, Germany, European Community,
Finland, Israel, India, Iceland, Japan, South Korea, Mexico, Malaysia,
Norway, New Zealand, Phillipines, Singapore, Thailand, and the United
States. They have also filed for (not all are approved or registered) the
following trademarks in the US: CRYPTOPAY, CYBER DOLLAR, CYBER PAY, CYBER$,
CYBER-BUCKS, CYBER-CASH, CYBERCHEQUE, CYBERMILES, DATACOIN, DIGI$,
DIGI-CASH, DIGI-DOLLAR, DIGIBANK, DIGICASH, DIGICOIN, DIGIPAY, E$, E-CASH,
E-COIN, E-DOLLAR, E-MONEY, E-PAY, E-VOTE, ECREDIT, EGIRO, EMILES, EWIRE,
EYECASH/ICASH, FIRST DIGITAL BANK, KIDCASH, MONEY MAN, MONEY MEDIA,
NET-CASH, NET-PAY, PAY-AS-YOU-GO, TELEPAY, V-BANK, V-CASH, V-COIN, V-MONEY,
V-PAY, V-SHOP, VIRTUAL CASH, VIRTUAL COIN.
There's no discussion of foreign patents, which seems peculiar - the legal
bills from the patent attorneys included amounts for foreign associates,
with legal bills for Japanese patent matters sticking out in particular. As far as I can tell, Digicash Inc. (the US corp) was formed in 1990; the
Netherlands and Australian corps are/were subsidiaries of the US corp.
The filing discloses the following historical financial data -
Year		Sales
1998		$134,842
1997		$ 10,000
Year		Income
1998		$23,161 interest
1998		$ 2,580 sale of assets 1997		$53,464 interest
The other item which may be of interest is that the IP portfolio has been
pledged as collateral for a post-filing bridge loan obtained from most of
the funders who are owed the $2M unsecured; I was hoping to trade files
with someone else (whom I haven't been able to meet with yet) so I didn't
get a copy of that filing, but I seem to remember that the postfiling
bridge loan, approved by the court, was for $330K, which will be paid back
from the proceeds of the sale of DigiCash's assets.
I'm hoping to work all of this up into a more comprehensive presentation,
but that's going to take another week or two at least.  Greg Broiles
PGP: 0x26E4488C

@_date: 1998-12-24 04:04:06
@_author: Greg Broiles 
@_subject: Re: Jury Duty 
If you really do want to avoid jury service, mentioning FIJA or jury
nullification ought to do the trick - it may get every juror within
earshot excused, too, depending on how paranoid the locals are. But I think that's a horrible idea - jury participation is an opportunity
to exercise much more influence than you wield if/when you vote in an
election. All by yourself, voting your conscience as shaped by the
evidence and the jury instructions, you can force a mistrial, which might
or might not mean the end of the case. If your view of the evidence and
your understanding of the law, as explained by the judge in the jury
instructions, proves to be persuasive to your fellow jurors, you will
collectively make the law as it applies to the parties in your trial. It's
pretty difficult to overturn a jury verdict - not impossible, but it's
harder than you might think from watching TV.
Jury duty is, correctly understood, yet another of the "checks and
balances" of the US legal system - if the legislators and judges are doing
things with the law that the citizens don't like, don't support, or even
just don't understand, it's an opportunity for those citizens to
peacefully change the situation. Unfortunately, the jury duty process
tends to select against people with the backbone to think for themselves;
and people with backbone and strong principles often self-select away from
jury service, because the bureacratic mechansims which surround it are
confusing, annonying, and sometimes humiliating. If you can look
beyond/around that, it's an opportunity to participate in the distributed
creation of law and justice, which is a pretty big deal.
Cypherpunks serve on juries?
Greg Broiles
