
@_date: 1997-11-30 11:02:49
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
What part do you expect the goverment to play in this scenario,
though?  Shall they establish an "Internet Truth Police" squad?
The problem is, for just about every accusation there is another
voice saying that the first accusation is false and counter-accusing
that the original accuser is a "filthy rotten liar".  Neither of
these rival accusations deserves to be believed without supporting
It's obvious that when you refer to one party in a debate as an
"anon asshole" that your mind is already made up and you're really
afraid of hearing all the facts.  It is evident that there are a far
larger number of NON-anonymous "assholes" on the net.  Such ad
hominem anti-privacy bigotry only betrays the weakness of your
position.  Ideas can stand on their own and if you must resort to an
ad hominem smear campaign to make your point, you are already well
on your way to losing the debate.  Are you implying that if an
"anonymous asshole" were to say, for example, that the world is flat
that you'd prefer to know the person's name so that you could dig up
dirt to smear him with rather than simply refuting his IDEA?
Why do I get the impression that your modus operandi is to
intimidate potential opponents into remaining silent rather than
refuting their ideas in reasoned, rational debate?
To anyone who hates privacy so much, I'd invite them to post their
snail mail address, home phone number, Social Security number, and
date of birth lest they likewise be accused of "hiding" something.
Most are too hypocritical to do so, of course.

@_date: 1997-11-30 19:12:33
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Another Anti-Privacy Bigot Heard From (was: The Guilmette/Burnore deba 
That was an impressive tantrum that you and Belinda just staged.  I
suppose you thought it would distract attention from the fact that
you still refuse to reveal what your motive was for harassing Jeff
Burchell this summer in a failed attempt to get him to turn over the
logs containing the names and e-mail addresses of everyone who
either sent or received an anonymous message through his remailer.
Your attempt to spread F.U.D. (fear, uncertainty, and doubt) among
the remailer user community is reminiscent of the "Church" of
$cientology's similarly rabid anti-remailer tactics.  Your fanciful
posts about "anonymous assholes", "cyber stalkers", and other bovine
excrement don't even make good fiction anymore.  I'll take ElRon's
sci-fi over yours any day.
If posts from "anon assholes" really offend your sensitive feelings,
then you might want to stay away from most of the NGs where you've
been posting your blather.  SUGGESTION: stick with "safe" groups
like comp.org.cauce where anonymous posts are banned and content is
censo^h^h^h^h^hmoderated to ensure an appropriate level of political

@_date: 1997-12-03 23:05:04
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: ATTN: Gary L. Burnore 
^^^^^
That argument might have some validity if Netcom (your own ISP) didn't allow its own mail servers to be utilized by spammers and tell people who complain about this practice to G.F.Y.  Just read some of the complaints about
Netcom on the news.admin.net-abuse.email NG.
If you had been "UCE baited" by someone using Netcom's mail servers, rather
than those of a remailer, would you attempt to harass Netcom like you did
Jeff Burchell who ran Mailmasher and the Huge Cajones Remailer?  Would one
of your associates at DataBasix demand that Netcom be shut down since they are unable or unwilling to stop the abuse of their servers?  Would you threaten legal action to get Netcom to turn over all of their sendmail logs to you?
What do you mean by "held accountable"?  Having a throwaway Netcruiser
account (perhaps one of many), acquired under a phony name, cancelled?
You've already been informed, and admitted that it has been effective, that
if you don't wish your e-mail address to appear in a From: line from a
remailer you can request source blocking.  It's sort of like the
blocking of a/c 900 telephone numbers.  If you are worried about abuse of
your phone, you can request that calls to 900 numbers from your phone be
blocked.  You don't have to insist that they be blocked from EVERYONE'S
phone just because they're a problem FOR YOU.  Can you point to any
equivalent safeguard against someone's e-mail address being forged through
Netcom's SMTP servers, either by a Netcom user or by someone else?
If not, isn't it time to make sure your own house is in order before meddling
in the neighbors' houses?  IMO, the remailers are already doing more to
prevent what you perceive to be a problem than your own ISP is willing to
do -- and this by VOLUNTEERS who are not being paid by you, or anyone, for
their efforts.
I also note that you're using the word "forge" again.  Yet in another post
from you within a day or two of this one, you claimed that you weren't
concerned about forgery.  Which is true?

@_date: 1997-12-04 23:53:43
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
Call someone an "asshole" all you like, but when you have to qualify that and
call him a "black asshole", "gay asshole", "Jewish asshole", or "anon
asshole", it only demonstrates your personal prejudice and bigotry.  Your
arguments are so weak that you must resort to ad hominem argumentation to
divert attention from the facts.
Repeating your unproven accusations over and over does not make them true.
Are you claiming that all the DataBasix personnel no longer have access to
the Internet simply because the databasix.com domain is down?  Considering how
lax Netcom is with their servers, any abuse you might allege could easily have
come from someone with a Netcom account.
You might as well reconnect databasix.com to the net because having it down
is not a credible alibi -- not when most of the players involved have
Netcom accounts, and a few even have shell accounts from which they could
have run Perl scripts.
Your cute little conspiracy theory does not exactly square with the account
of one of the remailer operators that you along with fellow DataBasix
staffers Belinda Bryan and William J. McClatchie (aka "Wotan") harassed.
Reread his message exposing your anti-remailer activities:
  Not as long as you want to keep it alive by claiming that you are a "victim"
of some grand forgery, "UCE-baiting", "cyber stalking" scheme.  Sam is right in doubting your claims that most of the things you allege happened to you even occurred.  He pointed out that the one flimsy piece of evidence you've been able to produce more recently than February of 1997 originated from YOUR OWN DOMAIN!

@_date: 1997-12-07 00:45:51
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Another of Gary Burnore's Lies Exposed 
"Posting ONLY anonymously"?  Wherever did you get that idea?  If you really
believe that this "anonymous asshole" is "posting only anonymously", then
your previous accusations that someone else on this NG (who posts NON-anonymously) was this person were a LIE, weren't they?  So which of your
two contradictory statements is the lie?  Or are they BOTH lies?  They can't
both be true.
You just did.  When you have to single out alleged "assholes" as being black, gay, Jewish, anonymous, Italian, or whatever, you reveal your own prejudices against that group.  For example, you never hear a white person say, "That white bastard just cut me off" while driving, do you?  Such language is usually reserved for groups you HATE.  For all your recent backpedalling and sucking up, your stance on privacy, anonymity, remailers, etc. remains quite clear.
"Could have" equals "proof" in DataBasix-speak?  (You did just move to the
part of the country where burning alleged "witches" was once a popular
pasttime, didn't you?)  Remember that you're the person CLAIMING that this alleged abuse even occurred, so the burden of proof is on you.
If everyone bought into that attempt at "logic" (assuming your conclusion as
part of your argument),  we'd have no need for jails, would we?   It could become the universal response to "where were you on the night of XX/XX/XX?"
Bovine excrement.  Concealing one's name and e-mail address is no different
conceptually from concealing one's home address or phone number.  So if you
truly have nothing to hide, please feel free to post that information, or else
shut up about having nothing to hide.  If you have nothing to hide, why are
you so afraid of people reading your posts via from DejaNews that you cloak each one with that No-Archive header?  I remember when you once criticized a
fellow poster for "hiding behind" it, and now you're doing the same thing you
criticized him for!
"Obvious to me" does not constitute proof.  I posted Jeff's account of
YOUR anti-remailer activities.  He mentioned you and Belinda Bryan BY NAME.
When you have similar evidence against someone else, naming names, please post it.  You have yet to demonstrate that this mythical monster you're expecting others to believe exists is anything other than your own self-serving creation.
It reminds me of what one philosopher said about the devil -- "if he didn't
exist, we'd have to create one".
Huh?  The "evidence" was posted by YOU and the analysis came from Sam.  I
wasn't even in that loop.  Nice try.

@_date: 1998-05-13 17:02:16
@_author: Gary L. Burnore 
@_subject: Re: Abusive crossposting by anonymous remailer user (Was: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC) 
<199805131311.PAA05504 nobody (Anonymous)
:> And there we have it, folks.  The anonymous stalker who's spent the past
:> year following Gary Burnore around Usenet found a post in
:> triangle.general that mentioned him, added a propaganda-filled follow up
:> to it, and posted it to 9 newsgroups--many of whom have repeatedly
:> requested that this crap be kept out of said groups.
:"Anonymous stalker"?  For merely posting a reply to a public post on
:Usenet?  What state or country has a statute against that, and what makes
:you think the poster falls under its jurisdiction if it does exist?  As for
:whether a certain post is "propaganda", that is for the reader to decide,
:especially when of the content is independently verifiable.  The
:"propaganda" you refer to was apparently intended to refute the fallacious
:assertion that since Gary Lee Burnore's entry in the North Carolina
:official database of registered sex offenders had apparently been removed,
:then the underlying crime for which he was convicted and required to
:register somehow automagically never happened.  To make such an assertion
:is to invite rebuttal.
Only for someone as obsessed in this as you.  Everyone else I've seen post
except those who have a grudge directly against me has said something similar
to "who gives a fuck?"  Your obsession continues.
:The thread you're whining about involved Steve Crisp :threatening an anonymous poster with "beating the living fuck out of you"
:if his/her identity could be determined, a second anonymous poster
:challenging the propriety of such a threat, and yet another DataBasix
:groupie, William McClatchie , calling the second
:anonymous poster a "remailer abuser" for daring to make such a challenge.
:So rather than denouncing the threat itself, you choose to call the person
:challenging it an "anonymous stalker"?  If you feel no need to "hide"
:anything, please feel free to post your street address and home phone
:number.  But I imagine that many people with small children would not want
:their names, from which their street address can be derived by someone with
:the resources available to you and Gary Burnore, to fall into the hands of
:a convicted child molester with a history of abusive retaliation.
Geesh you ignorant fuck. It's been posted more times than I can count.  You
don't remember posting it right? Oh wait, that was someone else who's obsessed
with me right?  Uh huh.  The same way you posted Steve's info you posted mine.
:Being threatened with physical violence for making an unpopular post is
:one of the best arguments available as to why anonymity is necessary when
:people like Steve Crisp and convicted child molester Gary Lee Burnore are
:running around loose making those threats.
If people like you weren't allowed to abuse remailers, people like chris
wouldn't make comments that he knows are not threats to draw you out.  You buy
it hook line and sinker.   You must certianly know that he's not threatning
anyone since you're posting anonymously and he couldn't possibly know who you
are.  But obsessed as you are you can't take it.  :> Oh and lookee what else:  it was mailed to cypherpunks
:> presumably for archival on the cypherpunks mailing list, where it will
:> be picked up by WWW search engines.  Since those folks don't seem to
:> mind having their archives used in personal grudge matches, I'll just
:> start cc'ing my responses there as well.  I'm sure, as champions of free
:> speech, they can understand the necessity of making sure both sides of
:> the story get equal time.
: :This, of course, comes from the same Belinda Bryan who impersonated a
:lawyer for DataBasix to demand the disclosure of (fortunately non-existant)
:user logs from the Huge Cajones remailer in a failed Scientology-esque
:attempt to embarass its users.
More lies from the obsessed one as Belinda NEVER impersonated a lawyer for
anyone.  Beating dead horses is your specialty isn't it?
:  And that attack, BTW, started because Gary
:Burnore was pissed that an anonymous whistle blower used a remailer to tip
:of his victim's mother to the molestation.  As is typical of his style,
:Burnore denounced that legitimate use of anonymity as "harassment" and
:"abuse".  More unproven lies.  If you, the anonymous asshole were really interested in
the truth (rather than your obsession with me) you'd get the court documents
and see that the dates do not support your libelous statements.  Libelous
statements are the best argument for remailers.  If you need to make a
libelous statement, do it from a remailer.  Nothing will happen to you. (Other
than folks will begin to ignore the remailer)
:It was also Burnore who chose to make PUBLIC what had previously been a
:private e-mail, thus inviting his critics to factually evaluate the claims.
:One of them apparently did so and discovered Gary Burnore's name and mug
:shot were published on an official PUBLIC website of registered sex
:offenders maintained by the state of North Carolina where Burnore moved
:after leaving San Francisco. More lies from the anonymous asshole.  It's not been that long since this
started that people don't remember how and why it was posted to USENet.  It
had nothing to do with an email.
: Perhaps he should have learned a lesson from
:Gary Hart and not have taunted the wrong people to find evidence of his
Perhaps I should continue to improve my tracing skills and find you one day.
:Will the continual harangue against privacy and anonymity by Gary Lee
:Burnore, Belinda Bryan, Billy McClatchie, and other staffers and sock
:puppets of the DataBasix wrecking crew never end?
Translation:  If Gary Burnore and Belinda Bryan and Bill McClatchie leave the
internet, the anonymous asshole will stop lying.
:BTW, Belinda, cross-posting your whining drivel in the fashion you're
:threatening negates your lame attempts to achieve deniability by using the
:infamous X-No-Archive header that has become the trademark of DataBasix'
:denizens. You've never given a valid reason why someone should or should not use an
X-No-Archive header.  You hide behind a remailer and libel and then complain
when someone X-No-Archives.  Typical hypocritical thinking.
: IOW, you won't be able to retroactively claim that an
:embarassing post from you was "forged" because it's not archived at an
:unbiased, third party site.  Can you say "oops"?
Well we'll see about unbiased sites now won't we?

@_date: 1998-05-14 16:22:56
@_author: Gary L. Burnore 
@_subject: Re: Abusive crossposting by anonymous remailer user (Was: Gary Lee Burnore is a Convicted Sex Offender in Raleigh, NC) 
:9AD67.6649 <199805131942.VAA17993
:Distribution: :: Steve Crisp  And it still stands. Come out of hiding and see if you survive the
:: > night.
:: >  :: > Steve Crisp
:: Does anyone question the need for the ability to post anonymously with
::    PagePlanet (PAGEPLANET-DOM)
:What's the big deal.  Anyone doing a whois can find this and any other
:address.  They ARE published openly and UN-ANONYMOUSLY.	 You think you
:invented something?
My guess is that PagePlanet is his next target.  He did the same thing to
DataBasix (and me).
