
@_date: 1996-05-22 13:25:30
@_author: Lauren Amy Gelman 
@_subject: Re: NIST Draft Key Escrow Paper 
It is this weeks draft, keystroked, and its at
 Lauren Gelman

@_date: 1996-05-24 05:24:22
@_author: Lauren Amy Gelman 
@_subject: Children's Privacy Act 
The text of the Children's Privacy Protection and Parental Empowerment Act is available at the Epic "Children's Privacy" web site:
Read it before you trash it!
Rep. Bob Franks (R-NJ) and Senator Diane Feinstein (D-CA) have introduced the Children's Privacy Protection and Parental Empowerment Act. The bill would establish fair information practices for personal information about kids and curb recent abuses in the direct marketing industry.
The Children's Privacy Protection and Parental Empowerment Act would:
Prohibit the sale or purchase of personal information about children    without parental consent.
Require list brokers and solicitors to disclose to parents, upon request,
   the source and content of personal information on file about their    children.
Require list brokers to disclose to parents, upon request, the names of    persons or entities
   to whom they have distributed personal information on that    parent's child.
Prohibit prisoners and convicted sex criminals from processing the personal    information of children.
Prohibit any exchange of children's personal information that one has a reason
   to believe will be used to harm or abuse a child.

@_date: 1996-06-13 06:26:01
@_author: Lauren Amy Gelman 
@_subject: Re: Court Blocks CDA 
U.S. court blocks Internet indecency law June 12, 1996
Web posted at: 8:56 a.m. EDT
PHILADELPHIA (Reuter) - A special U.S. court panel on Wednesday
issued a preliminary injuction blocking as unconstitutional a new law
prohibiting the distribution of indecent material that would be
to children over the Internet and other computer networks. "As the most participatory form of mass speech yet developed, the
Internet deserves the highest protection from government intrusion," the
three-judge panel said in its decision released Wednesday. The case involves the Communications Decency Act signed into law by
President Clinton on Feb.
8. The law punishes the distribution to minors of obscene or indecent
material over the Internet or
commerical online services with fines and up to two years in prison. The American Civil Liberties Union filed the suit against the Justice
Department the same day the
measure became law. The suit was combined with a separate action
undertaken by major online
services and software giant Microsoft Corp. Opponents say the bill is unconstitutional, unenforceable and would
drastically curtail what they
said is the highly democratic nature of speech in "cyberspace." But the
U.S. government said the
law was essential to shield children who have easy access to a growing
amount of pornography
online.
