
@_date: 1993-01-29 12:43:55
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: Is this true??? 
Well to add more paranoid fuel to the fire, it is no secret that there is a lot
of "intelligence" activity around the boulder/colorodo springs area.
But I don't think this alone is enough to prop up or refute this claim.
The most damageing part of the story IMHO is the line about the 9 track tapes
going :) Get real! Now Banks of Hi-8 maybe ...

@_date: 1993-02-13 13:40:46
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: PGP Customs investigation 
This might be old news by now but for what it's worth ...

@_date: 1993-02-19 09:17:43
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
I think John is the "intended recipient of such communication"
as I am also an "intended recipient" of this communication from you, which I will post to cypherpunks so others can see
what kind of person you are.  If your intention is to "threaten"
with this kind of foolishness, then I must warn you, I consider
this type of behavior harassment due to the confrontive nature of your post.  Let it go on record that I don't expect to be harassed,
intimidated or "threatened" and I think the Internet rules are
VERY clear about this type of behavior.

@_date: 1993-02-19 13:53:14
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: code that works with mailtool 
Anybody have some code that lets me use pgp with sun's v3 mailtool
In a selective way?

@_date: 1993-02-27 13:15:50
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: March 13 cypherpunks meeting 
I live in Mountain View about 2 miles from Cygnus
(a short drive or long walk) and can have a few people crash at my house.
I have lots of floor space But not many beds (I do have two sofas)
I think I can comfortably sleep 3 and sleep 5-6 in a pinch.
My address is 316 Escuela Ave. I have an apartment not a house, It's clean but not lavish.
I do have a small internet so you can get e-mail and I'm one-hop
away from the Internet.  You don't have to pay me money but you do
have to buy your own food and bring your own supplies.  No smoking
in the house but you can smoke out on the balcony.
send me e-mail if you are interested.

@_date: 1993-04-28 05:17:24
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: Raving on... 
Speaking as someone who has been a pretty hardcore raver for almost 2 years now
my view on this is as follows:

@_date: 1993-04-30 12:04:06
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: PGP on soda.berkeley.edu 
that Eric and Tim are making.  RSA is not going to "roll over" for us.  If they
did, it could mean the end of their company.  Jim out of detante, might not
be sending us (the Regents of UC to be exact) a letter because of the potential
ramafications (both legal, and publicity wise) It would not be a good move
for RSA or for cypherpunks,  but if this issue heats up, he may be forced into
this stance, which is one I'm convinced by meeting the man, that he personally
would not like to take, but WOULD take if it came down to us or the companies
patents being made null and void from failure to enforce them.  I think he
is passing over us for the time being, unless media attention causes him to do otherwise, remember he would sent "the letter" to the regents of UC Berkeley
they are the one's who own soda, not the cypherpunks.  I think we have to decide whether we are promoting PGP or an individuals right "to affordable
secure cryptography"  I for one will continue to use PGP until something better comes along.  I'd be willing to give RSA $50 - $100 for the right to use
the software, in this case BECAUSE THE ISSUE OF PRIVACY IS MORE IMPORTANT TO
TO ME THAN THE ISSUES OF WHETHER SOFTWARE IS PATENTABLE.  Now this does not
mean that I don't believe in free software but if we don't stop the stuff that
the feds are doing right now, the other issues won't make any difference.
What founding father said "If we all don't hang together we will surely hang
seperately"

@_date: 1993-05-24 09:03:47
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: on privacy in digital communications 
Here is a post from a friend of mine who has been following
the Clipper debacle. He told me to post it to whatever groups would be
----- Begin Included Message -----

@_date: 1993-07-10 00:13:07
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: 738 ANS CO+RE Security to Use RSA Public Key Cryptography 
ANS CO+RE Security to Use RSA Public Key Cryptography

@_date: 1993-07-24 15:17:39
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: Remailers/PayPhones and Today's NYT 
So what if some small time drug dealers are using them.  One thing is for sure,
the Big Time drug dealers, (the ones with the ships, planes, and enough money
to finance the transport of tons of contraband) do not, and will not be using
them.  As far as dening payphone service in "high crime" (read black areas),
well the information kiosk would tend to solve the problem of vandalism, so
what's the big deal?  An for all you supposed libertarian types, I'm sure there
is some enterprising person or family who will be willing to take the
perceived risks with operating such an establishment to get the potential
financial reward.

@_date: 1993-08-06 10:50:13
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks, keep your powder dry.... 
This is not a flame on you Tim, but look at the absurdity of this!
Containers full of tons of coke come into the US daily, I'm sure these deals
are not made on street corners, (their made in bank offices, and import
agencies :),  Isn't this like trying to keep our nation safe by passing
laws outlawing to carrying of a suit case sized container through a busy public area (like grand central station) because someone might have
a portable thermonuclear device hidden inside.  How much does it take
for the average person to totally see through this flimsy sharade?
For the capitalist among us, if the street corner crack dealer is making
fortunes, how much are the people who supply him getting?  Do they use/
need to use encrypted communications?  Most of those dealers who are using
any form of remote communication  (the smart one's at least, will still do their deals heavy on ghetto slang, nuonce and metaphor, More like;
"Hey what up, I'll meet you at the spot, it's 3 yards for dorothy."
This translates to " Hello, How are you, we'll rendezvous at the usual location
$3,000 for an ounce"

@_date: 1993-08-14 13:21:43
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Media Wars 
Good Idea, someone like george carlin, maybe we can get frank zappa
to speak out on it, It would reach a section of the population that would
normally not be reached, he has challenged Big Government before on free
speack issues (in the music industry), he's not a comedian but he would
be effective.  A real good person to get would be Lilly Tomlin!!
She could definately get exposure with her Ernestine the Operator charecter.
I think her political orientation would support our cause.
Although, if you really want to be effective, you should win over
Bob Hope; a few wise cracks from him on some tv special and the Clipper would
be dead before morning :)

@_date: 1993-09-13 12:49:41
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: The "Cypherpunk Melting Pot" 
My "social studies" teacher from 7 - 9th grade, Mr. Codianni made sure we knew
this! (This was around 1968/69 so the System was being stress on all ends)
We had a textbook for american history that was made up completely of primary
and secondary sources.  It was obvious to me early on that the main reasons
for the american revolution were economic as opposed to some overwhelming
altruism. All of the founding fathers had a lot at stake but would also
make a bundle if they could just get rid of that middleman (King George III)

@_date: 1993-09-14 08:13:58
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: warez garbage cluttering  the  screen 
Shit, Well I'm interested in the list and I missed it as it went by so
will whoever posted it PLEASE send me a copy?

@_date: 1993-10-04 06:44:41
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: News: where to get them 
Topic 553News: where to get themRUSSIA 1:30 pm  Oct  3, 1993
Reply-To: Russia & her neighbors ---------------------- Information from the mail header -----------------------
Sender:       Russia & her neighbors Poster:       Serge Viznyuk The latest news from Interfax and Postfactum
in Russian (KOI-8) are available also on
newcom.kiae.su  NNTP server
on relcom.politics newsgroup
newcom.kiae.su  network address is 144.206.136.5

@_date: 1993-10-12 07:56:28
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: NSA Can Spend a Billion on a Computer 
Note: I doubt that they will have to "bring in" CPU designers.
Back when I was an EE undergrad in Massachusetts, I had a part-time
job at a small outfit that did custom VLSI design work, the guy who
ran the mass. office was the best VLSI designer that I had ever seen,
he eventually became the chief enginneer on a couple of major CPU
projects for a very large well know computer company (not IBM) headquarted
in eastern massaachusetts.  He was also the mentor to some of the people
who made RISC work at berkeley.  He learned his trade at the NSA.  He told me
so himself.

@_date: 1993-11-12 07:03:43
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Netcom adds access in Denver area 
Well InterNex is hooking people up via ISDN using PPP.  This is a full
56 kbps link with domain name registration, and nntp feed for $150/month
(plus your ISDN bill which will run $28/month + $.01 per minute)
I have this installed in my house (nexsys.net) and it's great, there's
never any need to leave my Sun at home, except for meetings and such,
if your interested you can ftp their stuff from ftp.internex.net.

@_date: 1994-02-23 08:12:30
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: Disinformation (or the Truth?) About Clipper 
You know, I'm a person that rarely lies, I don't lie to aquaintances
let alone friends, but in this regard I think I have to side with Tim.
We don't have the time or money to flood the media with the truth,  this
thing has to be STOPPED by any means necessary, The truth will surface
one way or the other, It will surface when it is too late and we are all
in jail for using illegal crypto, or it will surface when Clipper is finally
derailed and the nation/industrialized world is free to be able to have
the truth known.

@_date: 1994-03-11 20:44:03
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Re: The Coming Police State 
A VIRUS program and a WORM are two different kinds of programs.
THEY ARE NOT EQUIVILENT.
For more clarification may I suggest "Compuyter's under Attack" by Denning.

@_date: 1994-04-29 06:03:03
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Clipper Chip 2/ Wired (fwd) 
=-=-=-=-=-=-Copyright 1993,4 Wired USA Ltd.  All Rights Reserved=-=-=-=-=-=
-=-=For complete copyright information, please see the end of this file=-=-
WIRED 2.04
The End Of Privacy
Did you know there's a working group of security agents and telecommunications
companies designing backdoors into the information infrastructure? Now you do. By Brock N. Meeks [Note: The following article will appear in the April 1994 issue of WIRED. We,
the editors of WIRED, are net-casting it now in its pre-published form as a
public service. Because of the vital and urgent nature of its message, we
believe readers on the Net should hear and take action now. You are free to pass
this article on electronically; in fact we urge you to replicate it throughout
the net with our blessings. If you do, please keep the copyright statements and
this note intact. For a complete listing of Clipper-related resources available
through WIRED Online, send email to with the following message: "send
clipper.index". - The Editors of WIRED] If privacy isn't already the first roadkill along the information superhighway,
then it's about to be. The panel members didn't try to finesse the subject. They
went right for the privacy jugular, saying law enforcement agencies wanted to
"front load" the NII with trapdoor technologies that would allow them easy
access to digital conversations, including capturing electronic communications
midstream. But these are tools the "good guys" said would be used only to catch the "bad
guys." Honest. We hard-working, law-abiding citizens have nothing to fear from
these cops selling out our privacy rights to make their jobs easier. Nope, we
can rest easy, knowing that child pornographers, drug traffickers, and organized
crime families will be sufficiently thwarted by law enforcement's proposed
built-in gadgetry, which they want to hang off every telephone and data network,
not to mention fax machine and PBX. There's just one small crack in this logic: No law enforcement agency has yet
proven it needs all these proposed digital trapdoors. In fact, "Right now most
law enforcement personnel don't have any idea what the NII is," this according
to Assistant US Attorney Kent Walker, who appeared on the panel. Gore Gives Go Ahead
In January, Vice President Gore had promised that the White House would work to
ensure that the NII would "help law enforcement agencies thwart criminals and
terrorists who might use advanced telecommunications to commit crimes." Panel
members representing the Justice Department, FBI, and US Attorney's office said
they had taken his promise as a tacit approval of their proposals to push for
digital wiretap access and government-mandated encryption policies. Gore buried those remarks deep in a speech he made in Los Angeles in which he
fleshed out how the administration planned to rewrite the rules for
communications in a new, perhaps more enlightened age. His pledge went unnoticed
by the mainstream press. Notwithstanding that it fell on reporters' deaf ears, Gore dropped a bombshell.
Forget Ross Perot's NAFTA-inspired "giant sucking sound." This was the dull
"thump" of Law Enforcement running over the privacy rights of the American
public on its way **at the on-ramp??**to the information superhighway. The real
crime is that the collision barely dented the damn fender. Walker blithely referred to this cunning, calculated move to install
interception technologies all along the information superhighway as "proactive"
law enforcement policy. Designing these technologies into future networks, which
include all telephone systems, would ensure that law enforcement organizations
"have the same capabilities [they] enjoy right now," Walker said. For today's wiretap operations, the Feds must get a court to approve their
request, after supplying enough evidence to warrant one. But Walker seemed to be
lobbying for the opposite. Giving the Feds the ability to listen in first and
give justification later amounts to "no big difference," he said. Besides, "it
would save time and money." And Walker promised that law enforcement would only use this power against evil,
never abusing it. "Frankly, I don't see the empirical evidence that law
enforcement agencies have abused [wiretap authority]," he said. With a straight
face. It's Us vs. Them
For Walker, privacy issues weighed against law-enforcement needs is a
black-and-white, or rather good-guys-versus-bad-guys, issue. For example, he
said, the rapid rise of private (read: not government-controlled) encryption
technologies didn't mean law enforcement would have to work harder. On the
contrary, "it only means we'll catch fewer criminals," he said. But if law enforcement is merely concerned with the task of "just putting the
bad guys in jail," as James Settle, head of the FBI's National Computer Crime
Squad insists, then why are we seeing a sudden move by government intelligence
agencies into areas they have historically shied from? Because law enforcement
agencies know their window of opportunity for asserting their influence is open
right now, right at the time the government is about to make a fundamental shift
in how it deals with privacy issues within the networks that make up the NII,
says David Sobel, general counsel for Computer Professionals for Social
Responsibility, who also addressed the Working Group on Privacy. "Because of law enforcement's concerns (regarding digital technologies), we're
seeing an unprecedented involvement by federal security agencies in the domestic
law enforcement activities," Sobel said, adding that, for the first time in
history, the National Security Agency "is now deeply involved in the design of
the public telecommunications network." Go ahead. Read it again. Sobel backs up his claims with hundreds of pages of previously classified memos
and reports obtained under the Freedom of Information Act. The involvement of
the National Security Agency in the design of our telephone networks is, Sobel
believes, a violation of federal statutes. Sobel is also concerned that the public might soon be looking down the throat of
a classified telecommunications standard. Another move he calls "unprecedented"
is that - if the National Security Agency, FBI, and other law enforcement
organizations have their way - the design of the national telecommunications
network will end up classified and withheld from the public.**These two
sentences are the same** Sobel is dead on target with his warnings. The telecommunications industry and the FBI have set up an ad hoc working group
to see if a technical fix for digital wiretapping can be found to make the
bureau happy. That way, legislation doesn't need to be passed that might mandate
such FBI access and stick the Baby Bells with the full cost of reengineering
their networks. The industry-FBI group was formed during a March 1992 meeting at the FBI's
Quantico, Virginia, facilities, according to previously classified FBI documents
released under the Freedom of Information Act. The group was only formalized
late last year, under the auspices of the Alliance for Telecommunications
Industry Solutions. The joint group operates under the innocuous sounding name
of the Electronic Communications Service Provider Committee. The committee meets monthly, pursuing a technological "solution" to the FBI's
request for putting a trapdoor into digital switches, allowing agents easy
access to phone conversations. To date, no industry solution has been found for
the digital-wiretap problem, according to Kenneth Raymond, a Nynex telephone
company engineer, who is the industry co-chairman of the group. Oh, there's also a small, but nagging problem: The FBI hasn't provided concrete
proof that such solutions are needed, Raymond said. Sobel, of Computer
Professionals for Social Responsibility, raised this same point during the panel
discussion. The telecommunications industry is "trying to evaluate just what is the nature
of the [digital-access] problem and how we can best solve it in some reasonable
way that is consistent with cost and demand," Raymond said. One solution might
be to write digital wiretap access into future switch specifications, he said. If and when the industry does find that solution, do you think the FBI will put
out a press release to tell us about it? "I doubt it very much," said FBI agent
Barry Smith of the Bureau's Congressional Affairs office. "It will be done
quietly, with no media fanfare." Underscoring Sobel's warnings was the little-noticed move by the Commerce
Department to establish the Federal Wireless Policy Committee. The work of this
seemingly benign committee will be "invaluable" as the administration evaluates
key issues in wireless communications with the NII, said Larry Irving,
administrator of the National Telecommunications Information Agency. But the
devil is in the details. The policy committee's four subcommittees include
Policy, Standards and Requirements, Security and Privacy, and Acquisitions.
Standards and Requirements is headed by Richard Dean, a National Security Agency
official. And Security and Privacy is to be chaired by Raymond Kammer of the
National Institute of Standards and Technology. Kammer's organization, of
course, is knee-deep responsible for the government's Clipper Chip encryption
scheme. Is it just me or are these headlights getting awfully close? The FBI's Settle is also adamant about trapdoor specifications being written
into any blueprints for the National Information Infrastructure. But there's a
catch. Settle calls these "security measures," because they'll give his office a
better chance at "catching bad guys." He wants all networks "to be required to
install some kind of standard for security." And who's writing those standards?
You guessed it: The National Security Agency, with input from the FBI and other
assorted spook agencies. Settle defends these standards, saying that the "best we have going for us is
that the criminal element hasn't yet figured out how to use encryption and
networks in general. When they do, we'll be in trouble. We want to stay ahead of
the curve." In the meantime, his division has to hustle. The FBI currently has only 25 "Net
literate" personnel, Settle admitted. "Most of these were recruited two years
ago," he said. Most have computer science degrees and were systems
administrators at one time, he said. You think that's funny? Hell, the Net is still a small community, relatively
speaking. One of your friends is probably an FBI Net snitch, working for Settle.
Don't laugh. The law enforcement establishment doesn't think you really know what you expect
when it comes to privacy. Assistant US Attorney Walker said: "If you ask the public, 'Is privacy more
important than catching criminals?' They'll tell you, 'No.'" (Write him with your own thoughts, won't you?) **e-mail addresses here for our
outraged readers to express themselves - We haven't got addresses for Walker.
There's president and vice- president Because of views like Walker's, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act "needs
to be broader," said Mike Godwin, legal counsel for the Electronic Frontier
Foundation. The act protects transmitted data, but it also needs to protect
stored data, he said. "A person's expectation of privacy doesn't end when they
store something on a hard disk." But Walker brushed Godwin aside, saying, "It's easy to get caught up in the
rhetoric that privacy is the end all be all." **correct cliche is "the be- all
and end-all"** Do you have an expectation of privacy for things you store on your hard disk, in
your own home? Walker said that idea is up for debate: "Part of this working
group is to establish what is a reasonable expectation of privacy." That's right. Toss everything you know or thought you knew about privacy out the
window, as you cruise down the fast lane of the information superhighway. Why?
Because for people like Walker, those guardians of justice, "there has to be a
balance between privacy needs and law enforcement needs to catch criminals." Balance, yes. Total abrogation of my rights? Fat chance. Brock N. Meeks (brock is a frequent contributor to WIRED. He is a
reporter for Communications Daily, a Washington, DC-based trade publication. =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=WIRED Online Copyright Notice=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
           Copyright 1993,4 Wired USA Ltd.  All rights reserved.
  This article may be redistributed provided that the article and this   notice remain intact. This article may not under any circumstances
  be resold or redistributed for compensation of any kind without prior   written permission from Wired Ventures, Ltd.
  If you have any questions about these terms, or would like information
  about licensing materials from WIRED Online, please contact us via   telephone (+1 (415) 904 0660) or email (info
       WIRED and WIRED Online are trademarks of Wired Ventures, Ltd.
----- End Included Message -----

@_date: 1994-05-10 14:09:16
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Real DigiCash ! 
MONDEX SPECIFICATIONS FOR ELECTRONIC CASH PAYMENT RELEASED
Nationl Westminster Bank today (26th April) announced that it is rele asing the first of its product development specifications for Mondex,
 the electronic cash payment service which it will launch in the UK n
ext year in a joint venture with Midland Bank and BT.
These specifications will enable manufacturers to begin the developme nt of Mondex-compatible products such as point-of-sale terminal equip ment for retailers and bank cash machines as well as opening up compe tition for the production of other Mondex devices such as the Mondex electronic wallet and the Mondex personal balance reader. The specifi cations take account of existing ISO standards for Integrated Circuit
 (IC) cards and other emerging IC card standards.
Tim Jones, Chief Executive of Mondex, said: "Production of Mondex dev ices was neccessarily limited to a number of specialist suppliers to provide the basis of next year's large scale launch in Swindon. Howev er, Mondex has been designed as a global product and we are now in a position to provide interested manufacturers around the world with th e specifications they need to begin development of their own new prod ucts or to adapt their existing ranges to be Mondex compatible.
"Mondex offers manufacturers an exciting opportunity to develop and m arket new product ranges that add value to the simple Mondex proposit ion -- the storage and transfer of electronic cash" he added.
Devices for the Mondex launch in the UK are being developed by:
* AT&T Global Information Solutions (formerly known as NCR) -- cash m * BT -- residential telephones and payphones
* Dai Nippon Printing Co. Ltd. / SPOM Japan Co. Ltd. -- cards
* De La Rue Fortronic -- retailer terminals
* Hitachi Ltd. -- integrated circuits
* Oki Electric Industry Company Ltd. -- electronic wallets
* Panasonic (Matsushita Electric/Matsushita Battery) -- electronic wa llets and personal balance readers
* Texas Instruments Ltd. -- personal balance readers.
NOTES FOR EDITORS
1. Mondex is an open, unaccounted electronic purse initiative which h as been developed by National Westminster Bank. Mondex is being launc hed in the UK by a joint venture of NatWest and Midland working with 2. The first specifications available are:
* IFD-Purse Application Interface Specification. (IFD stands for Inte rface Device.) This core product development specification defines th e commands to which a card will respond and refers to the relevant in ternational standards covering general communications to an from smar t cards.
* Introduction to Mondex Purse Operation. This is a companion documen t to the above specification. It provides an overview of the Mondex c ard and its interface with a Mondex device.
* The Mondex Brand Manual. This document defines the permissible impl ementations of the Mondex brand.
3. Other specifications will cover the communications between two int erface devices, the user-interface standards designed to ensure user- friendly product design and the card specification.
4. Manufacturers interested in Mondex specifications should contact t he Mondex Information Centre, National Westminister Bank plc, 1st Flo or Podium, Drapers Gardens, 12 Throgmorton Avenue, London EC2N 2DL (f ax 071 920 1562).
Further enquiries to David Morton, PR Department, NatWest Bank, UK Br anch Business, 41 Lothbury, London EC2P 2BP (tel 071 726 1782, fax 07 1 726 1530).

@_date: 1994-05-10 17:47:00
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: Where is PGP2.5? 
It seems like the directory at MIT is write locked.
Anybody have the key?

@_date: 1994-05-18 09:10:55
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: quantum Computing 
this term keeps poping up recently.  Can anybody give me a pointer
to where I can find out more info?  Someone said that it is nonsense,
"quantum computers?, Isn't that something out of a carlos casteneda
novel?" I'm just trying to find out the real deal.
FTP sites and any papers articles would be appreciated.

@_date: 1994-06-06 08:04:17
@_author: Geoff White 
@_subject: JOB POSTING: InterNex 
Forgive my posting this here but I figure that I might just get
someone who has the skillset and the sensibilities to understand
the potential future issues that a service provider might have to deal with around "privacy issues" anyway:
