
@_date: 1994-03-09 12:20:26
@_author: GERSTEIN 
@_subject: RE: keeping secrets from myself 
On 8-MAR-1994, Cortland D. Starrett (cort said...
Here is a practical problem that has me frustrated....
Assume that I am the treasurer at my local church.  This implies responsibility to record each Sunday's offering (the money collected) in the church financial books.  An account is maintained for each member of the church.  Money received from members each Sunday is credited to their respective accounts. Each January, a report is prepared for each parishioner showing a summary of the charitable contributions for the previous year. This information is used for tax purposes.
Currently, the treasurer knows EVERYTHING about EVERYONE (regarding charitable giving).  As a privacy advocate, this is indeed uncomfortable (for giver and I want to know as little as possible about church member giving.
Give and Take:
It will be difficult/impossible to prevent the treasurer from seeing each weeks' checks.  However, a privacy improvement may be achieved if the running totals are kept hidden.
How can I provide a comprehensive year-end statement to each parishioner while maintaining maximum privacy?
Does cryptography have anything to offer to this situation?
What procedures/protocols could be implemented?
What privacy enhancements could be included with the church
accounting software?
assign each member a randomly generated id (probably alphanumeric, and you can keep it around 6 characters), and then just use that number from then on. When a new member joins, create a new id and once they have a copy of it, put the id in a file that is stored out of your hands (but accessable if need be) in case you need to add someone else or if someone forgets their id.
suggested, but this (the method above) would seem to make the most sense simply because once it's started, there's not that much upkeep:
check amounts. For this, you would have to trust yourself or get some envelopes that only show the amount through a window. When you are done doing all the checks on the computer, dump them all into a bag or something and then start endorsing them.
id's and how much they have in their "account".
to share with someone, and it's up to them).
want to take the chance that you might learn some of the numbers (doubtful, as there would probably be 100's [maybe 1000's] of members), you could get someone else in the church (that you trust) to assign the id's and just have them let you know the new id's as they come along.
Adam Gerstein
Have _you_ said no to Clipper yet?
To sign on to the letter, send a message to:
with the message "I oppose Clipper" (no quotes)
You will receive a return message confirming your vote.

@_date: 1994-03-11 08:44:08
@_author: only possibly 
@_subject: Getting started with crypto 
Hey there all.
can recomend some books for me to read so I can get started with crypto. about it, as well as maybe (only possibly) write my own encrytption program (for personal use and the like)
Adam Gerstein
OPPOSE CLIPPER-=-OPPOSE CLIPPER-=-OPPOSE CLIPPER-=-OPPOSE CLIPPER-=-OPPOSE CLIPP

@_date: 1994-03-31 07:41:31
@_author: no quotes 
@_subject: Re: crypto software/papers/docs CD -- is there any interest? 
...[ANOTHER BUNCH OF STUFF DELETED]......
...[STILL MORE DELETED]......
CD-Rom? Most of the Rom's I've seen have programs and the like, but a few have had source code, papers, hypercard stacks, etc. that were all copyrighted but still pushed out on the Rom.
a "reasonable duplication fee". Most people will agree that this would be the cost of the media and maybe a little something for your time.
"After this, nothing will shock me."
"In a Time/CNN poll of 1,000 Americans conducted last week by Yankelovich
Partners, two-thirds said it was more important to protect the privacy of phone
calls than to preserve the ability of police to conduct wiretaps.
When informed about the Clipper Chip, 80% said they opposed it."
- Philip Elmer-Dewitt, "Who Should Keep the Keys", TIME, Mar. 4, 1994
To sign on to the letter, send a message to:
with the message "I oppose Clipper" (no quotes). You will receive a return message confirming your vote.

@_date: 1994-04-06 20:39:18
@_author: "ADAM GERSTEIN, MACLAB ASSISTANT" 
@_subject: FOIA on Clipper key status.... 
Hello once again...
haven't heard anything from the list, so I thought I would ask.
he's tmp
"After this, nothing will surprise me!"
"In a Time/CNN poll of 1,000 Americans conducted last week by Yankelovich
Partners, two-thirds said it was more important to protect the privacy of phone calls than to preserve the ability of police to conduct wiretaps.
When informed about the Clipper Chip, 80% said they opposed it."
- Philip Elmer-Dewitt, "Who Should Keep the Keys", TIME, Mar. 4, 1994

@_date: 1994-04-17 13:35:32
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
While I don't agree with these searches either, you have to understand the situation that the people in the CHA buildings are in. Did you see the show that was done on it? (I think it was Nightline, they did a whole hour on it)
Anyway, the point is, these people aren't safe in their own homes. The parents keep their children home from school because they are afraid that they will either get shot (which happens quite a lot, one child was shot by a "gangsta" with a sniper rifle while his mother was walking him to school- the kid was about 5 years old) or that the kids will get involved in the gangs.
For a while, the Chicago PD were unwilling to enter the buildings until after the shooting had stopped, and would then go in to tag and bag the bodies. IT WAS BAD!!!
The landlord of the little kid who got shot decided he wasn't going to put up with that, and started the CHA PD, and they were kicking ass until the ACLU got Slightly related is the fact that I live on my school's campus in the residence halls. If the resident advisors feel there is probable cause for something and decides to do a room search, I can do nothing about it but hope they don't find what ever it is their looking for (usually because I don't do anything bad >:)). Anyway, if they find something (drugs, beer in excess of the 6 can limit, firearms, PGP, etc.) they can call the campus police (real, live, actual cops) in to bust my ass and nail it to the wall. BUT NO WARRANT WAS SERVED! Does that mean I can get the ACLU up the school's ass? If the school says they can do that because I pay to live on their property, then why can't the CHA do what they want?
Just my 0.02.....
"After this, nothing will shock me."
"In a Time/CNN poll of 1,000 Americans conducted last week by Yankelovich
Partners, two-thirds said it was more important to protect the privacy of phone
calls than to preserve the ability of police to conduct wiretaps.
When informed about the Clipper Chip, 80% said they opposed it."
- Philip Elmer-Dewitt, "Who Should Keep the Keys", TIME, Mar. 4, 1994

@_date: 1994-04-19 09:52:58
@_author: actually just a magnetized strip 
@_subject: Re: BEST Inc. 
For what it's worth, you can de-magnetize anything you want just by going to the store. I work at a pharmacy, and they have "inventory control tags" on some of the "hotter" items. When someone wants to buy one of these items, we put the tag (actually just a magnetized strip) on a special pad that demagnetizes it (and ATM and credit cards that are put on it too :))
Also, since I live on a university campus in New Haven, security is a big thing here. We now must use ADT keycards as well as physical keys to get into the buildings. The first semester they were used, I blitzed three of them just by carying it with me all the time. We never found the reason, but I think it has something to do with the fact that I'm around computers all day. (Incidentally, there were reports of peoples credit cards being wiped by these things as well as them setting off theft detectors at record stores).
Just another 0.02 for the pot.....
"After this, nothing will shock me."
"In a Time/CNN poll of 1,000 Americans conducted last week by Yankelovich
Partners, two-thirds said it was more important to protect the privacy of phone
calls than to preserve the ability of police to conduct wiretaps.
When informed about the Clipper Chip, 80% said they opposed it."
- Philip Elmer-Dewitt, "Who Should Keep the Keys", TIME, Mar. 4, 1994

@_date: 1994-04-24 12:02:03
@_author: EDT 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches- sorry to bring this back.... 
Sorry this reply has taken so long..... My comments are below.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
parents either years the Ok, now let me get this straight.  The police who are supposed to 'serve
and protect' weren't willing to go in there to protect their
constituents because it was too dangerous, but in the same breath they
want to remove these people's ability to protect themselves.
Just wanted to make sure.
them may even have bullet-proof vests to wear. Some of the smarter cops have been able to find two bp vests to wear on patrol.
buildings has a sniper on the roof. If they go anywhere near that building, he'll take they're heads right off.
usually have someone listening to the police frequencies on a scanner, so that when the cops show up, they'll have a big surprise waiting. In the form of assualt shotguns, semi- and fully-automatic machine guns (the Mac-10 and Uzi are quite popular with druggies and gang's these days).
to use. Oh-no! The baddies have the "Cop-Killer" bullets: armor piercing, Teflon coated bullets that two bp vests WILL NOT stop.
After all, a cop won't do much if he's busy bleeding to death from his knees, or if some "gangsta" shot his foot off.
do? And don't tell me that you would just go in there. I consider myself pretty brave, but I don't think even for a second that I would be able to even consider going in there, not without a nice, warm, cozy M1 Abrams Tank surrounding me. And even then I wouldn't be truly safe.
are worrying more about the "rights" of these gang-bangers and drug-dealers than they are about the rights of the innocent people that are trapped in these cos these CHA buildings are the only place they can afford to live.
of coming up with an alternative.
in a place like this, you might shut up about the cops not doing their jobs.
Adam Gerstein
Comments to GERSTEIN
Flames to /dev/null
FIGHT CLIPPER -=- OPPOSE CLIPPER -=- FIGHT CLIPPER -=- OPPOSE CLIPPER -=-

@_date: 1994-04-24 12:16:50
@_author: jims@Central.KeyWest.MPGN.COM 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches -- Sorry to start this again.... 
You guys just keep saying the right things... My comments are below...
Jim Sewell (jims said :
easy is it to do surveilance (sp?) on an apartment that is run by gangs, surrounded by their other apartments, on floors that are run by the gangs?
phones.... You could also take over an apartment in another building and bounce lasers off the windows, but their damn music is too loud, or they change the rooms they do business in daily (the gangs aren't stupid, you know).
Fire-fight your way through 3-4 floors of crack-crazed junkies with Uzi's? I don't think so.
said. You really think the sniper didn't hang around on the roof-top, waiting for that first cop car to roll up? He's not dumb. They have to get to the building, and he can "reach" them a hell of a lot better than they can fire at him. And once they get inside, it's the same thing. The cops have to fight their way to the roof, at which point the gun and sniper are both inside the building somewhere, safe and cozy.
started. I AM NOT SAYING I AM FOR THE SEARCHES, I am merely saying that they are being productive. I challenge you C'punks to come up with a better solution. Given the circumstances that those involved are dealing with, it's pretty good for now.
Adam Gerstein
Comments to: GERSTEIN
Flames to: /dev/null

@_date: 1994-04-24 17:04:37
@_author: my god, another opinion! 
@_subject: Re: Warrentlesss SEarches 
My comments are in the brackets -< >-.
opportunity to once again say I DON'T AGREE WITH THESE SEARCHES!!!!! Many of you have taken that to be my tone, and that's not right. I was just expressing the opinion that I think that since all the other choices they have are blocked, and the residents don't seem to mind, then it's the right solution FOR NOW. I'm not trying to say that this should become policy, I'm just saying it's the only way that things could be done (at least from what I know of the expressing my opinions. They are mine. Not yours. If you don't like them, either acknowledge that you don't agree with mine politely and civilly or just shut up. I have _NO_ time or tolerance for people who think that they are right just because they have such-and-such opinion about something. If you can't take the time to see both sides of the story, don't take the time to comment on just one side. Opinions are to be shared. If you don't like mine, then just don't read it. This is not aimed at anyone in particular, I'm just saying something that I feel (my god, another opinion!).
   [snip] 	
  [excellent points all]
  [Bravo!  Would that more people took personal responsibility!]
  [snip...with regret]   [And, even in the finest 'burbs, the police cannot be everywhere!
   Indeed, if you study police doctrine, it very clearly states that
   police and DETER crime, they can APPREHEND criminals, but they
   cannot PREVENT crime.  Even a 5 minute response time will not solve
   the problem.  Indeed, a 1 minute response would not...because
   someone must call them first!  Still more significantly, the criminals
   are not stupid.  They go where the money is...and if it is easier to
   steal Rolex's and 'Benzs in Suburbia...guess where they'll go?  The
   city manager (!) here in San Antonio found this out when he was
   robbed in the driveway of his house.  ]
  [Elegant!  My apologies for the bandwidth, but this quote needs to
  be repeated daily by the administration ]

@_date: 1994-05-12 09:56:51
@_author: hopefully 
@_subject: Hasta la vista, baby! 
Well Cypherpunkers,
the unwanted buildup of "list-mail-itis". Therefore, I must say good-bye, for now.
(hopefully) simple question for you....
really pertinent to this topic, but I know that all of you guys (and gals) are pretty experienced, so I hope that someone knows. Let me know via  private mail if you can help me out.
Adam Gerstein

@_date: 1994-05-13 22:30:26
@_author: "ADAM GERSTEIN, _THE_ MACGURU" 
@_subject: IGNORE-NEON 
P.S.- What's the best way to contact you? the Alt.? newsgroup you mentioned?
God's last message to his creation:

@_date: 1994-05-16 16:12:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Ripem Mac, MacPGP and NEON 
Hey guys-
well as where I can find it.
Reply to either question via private mail as I am no longer on the list :(
Adam Gerstein

@_date: 1994-10-01 11:19:26
@_author: "ADAM GERSTEIN, _THE_ MACGURU" 
@_subject: What privacy issues to discuss..... 
Fellow C'punks-
two programs every semester. One of them is supposed to be educational,
and I think I want mine to be about privacy issues, since it's such a
hot topic and not that many of the folks in my school seem to care about
Big Brother.
references, but stuff that's easy to explain to Joe/Jane College student.
Should it be a discussion group, or should I just talk and then answer questions? I think a discussion group might be better, but I'm not sure.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
God's last message to his creation:

@_date: 1994-12-06 22:03:52
@_author: "ADAM GERSTEIN, _THE_ MACGURU" 
@_subject: Good times virus thing-a-ma-bobber 
Michael K. Sanders is believed to have said:
Need I remind you of a certain Robert T. Morris? Does the "Internet Worm" mean anything to you? Sure, it wasn't actual email, but it did use email and other means of transport to cripple the net in a matter of hours.
Adam J. Gerstein
MacGuru to the stars
Available at:
GERSTEIN		MACGEEK
A GERSTEIN			MACGEEK

@_date: 1994-12-07 08:45:51
@_author: Just call me Flame-bait 
@_subject: Re: Good times virus thing-a-ma-bobber 
Jon Care (iijon is believed to have said:
this list. The MacGuru was picked up here on campus, and since I rarley send mail off campus, I usually forget to turn it off.
 said:
anonymously, they have the option to just mail my anon account. What's so
wrong with that??
Someone (I'm not sure who) brought up the point that the file could actually
be an ANSI bomb. It seems to me that for the IBM and clone users on the 'net,
this could be something that they would want to watch out for. Now we all know
that it wasn't real (and many of you just "knew" it wasn't), it doesn't matter,
does it?
Adam J. Gerstein
MacGuru to the stars
Available at:
GERSTEIN		MACGEEK
A GERSTEIN			MACGEEK

@_date: 1994-12-21 21:30:44
@_author: "ADAM GERSTEIN, _THE_ MACGURU" 
@_subject: Is it possible to break Norton Encrypt?? 
Howdy fellow 'punks-
thinks the proof may be in a few Norton Encrypt files. Is there anyway to get
the password with a data/resource editor, or is he shit-out-of-luck and looking
for a new girl-friend?
Please reply via private mail, since I had to leave the list for my christmas Adam Gerstein
"Practice safe HEX - always use a keyboard condom" - anon
PGP Key available bye finger or mail with the sub: PGPKEY
                        EWWWWW! - Betsy

@_date: 1995-08-29 10:30:16
@_author: Adam J. Gerstein 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits 
At 1:54 AM on 8/29/95, Jonathan Zamick is believed to have said:
Back in CT they have mag strips and holograms on the drivers license, but
they aren't taking full advantage last I checked (about 8 months ago, when
I was last in CT).
Anyway, once an enterprising c'punk cracks the code, whats to stop people
from putting more interesting info on the strips? Or possibly a virus? Is
it conceivable? And if there is enough room on there for personal info, why
not wipe the data that's there and put your PGPKey there. And when Officer
Opie asks "What happened to your info and why's it all scrambled?" an
innocent "I dunno" would have to suffice....
Just my 0.02¢...
"Practice safe HEX - always use a keyboard condom" - anon
PGP Key available by finger or mail with the sub: PGPKEY
                    EWWWWW! - Betsy
             Shop smart! Shop S-Mart! - Ash
