
@_date: 1994-02-20 18:01:31
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: New Remailer up! 
At last, my long-promised pseudo-account remailer is open for testing. Here's how it works.
Send mail to mg5n+getid
you will receive back an encrypted email address of the form:
(ea=encrypted address, in case you were wondering)
All mail sent to that address will be forwarded to you.
When you post anonymously, you can include that address for people to
make replies to.  That way, people can send replies to your messages but
not know who you really are.  Most of the cypherpunk remailers allow you
to insert a Reply-To: header.
Random padding is added to the address before it is encrypted. Therefore, every time you request an encrypted address, it will be
different.  This allows you to get a different email address for each of
your cypher-tenacles. :)
Messages sent thru the remailer are not anonymized.  The complete,
unaltered message is forwarded.  If you want anonymnity, first send your
mail thru one of the anonymous remailers.
Source code is availaible.  Email me if you want it.
P.S. Expect a moderate delay for messages sent thru this remailer.

@_date: 1994-02-23 16:20:10
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: pgp tools 
Michael Johnson wrote, appearantly quoting someone else:
Well, s/he could get an anonymous address thru my Andrew remailer...  if
e's willing to trust me. :)  I'd like to see some more sites offer
anonymous return addresses, so people wouldn't have to rely on a single
Anyway, the address is: mg5n+getid
On the subject of return addresses, let me know what you think of this:
It would be theoretically possible to write a RSA key generation program
that would create keys in which all the moduli matched, except for the
last 20-30 digits.  This was discussed awhile ago in the discussion of
how to forge keyids.  (You could also create keys which had the last
digits the same, but the first digits different so that they'd have
different PGP key IDs.)
What if a remailer was designed such that it would accept addresses of
the format:
The remailer would then take that information, append a pre-defined
ending to form the modulus, then use the exponent (which could be
relatively small) to encrypt the message in PGP format, and then post it
to a mail pool.  This would allow you to make PGP public keys small
enough to easily fit inside the To: header, something which can't be
done with current PGP-encrypted return addresses.  That way, even the
most crypto-illiterate technophobe could send a message to an anonymous
person simply by hitting the R key.  The remailer operator would not
have to keep a database of anonymous addresses, either, (a problem with
anon.penet.fi, which has over 75000 users)
Key generation would be somewhat more difficult, but I don't see how
generating keys with similiar moduli could be a security problem.
