
@_date: 1996-04-07 16:00:47
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Was Cohen the first? 
The following concerns the history of computer viruses.  While an
important issue in computer security, this has no direct relevance to
cryptography, so skip this message if you're looking for crypto...
One interesting fact is that after the release of DOS 3.3 in 1980, the Apple
II operating system was unchanged for several years, until Apple released a
completly rewritten operating system (ProDOS) in 1984.  During this period,
hackers disassembled DOS 3.3 and its internal functions and data structures
became well-known.  The Apple II ROM contained a debugger/disassembler,
which allowed the operating system to be disassembled and experimentally
modified while it was resident in memory.  In addition, several companies,
including Beagle Brothers and Quality Software, published extensive
information on DOS 3.3, which had been obtained through reverse-engineering.
Apple DOS behaved very predictably: it was always loaded at the same
location in memory, and when it formatted a disk, always wrote the operating
system into the same location on the first three tracks of the floppy disk.
This allowed the development of object code patches to the DOS kernel which
would work reliably because almost everyone was running identical copies of
It also made it easy to write viruses.  The simplest was to attach a call to
the sector-write subroutine at the end of the catalog command.  This only
took about 16 bytes of code.  (Wouldn't that have made a neat .sig for you
modern-day perl hackers?)  Whenever the user issued the catalog command
(which gave a list of files, like the unix ls command) it would write out
that page of memory onto the dos image on the disk, thus infecting the disk.
This was entirely benign unless you tried to use a disk with a different or
modified operating system, in which case the patch would not apply cleanly,
and would likely make the disk unbootable.
Despite this, the Apple II never became a popular virus-writing platform.
There are several possible reasons for this, but one of the main ones is
that few Apple II users had hard disks.  On the IBM PC, it was easy for a
virus to get on the hard disk, then systematically infect every floppy disk
put into the system.  Apple II users, in contrast, often booted from
floppies, and often rebooted when switching to a different software package,
thus purging the virus from memory.  (Pressing control-reset on the Apple II
keyboard would always pull the reset line on the CPU, so it wasn't possible
to trap the interrupt like it is possible to trap ctrl-alt-del on the PC.)
A couple bits of interesting virus trivia: Joe Dellinger, then an undergrad
at Texas A&M, set out to write the "perfect" virus, that is, one that would
silently replicate without causing harm, just to see how far it would
spread.  The virus added a tag to the end of the boot sector which read:
GENxxxxxxxTAMU, where xxxxxxx was the generation counter.
A destructive virus called "CyberAIDS", appeared in 1988.  I just looked
this one up in an old magazine article, and, when the virus destroyed a
disk, it printed, among other drivel:
             DISTRIBUTED BY
       Worshippers of Pat / [WOP]
          The Kool/Rad Alliance
  The Robert Dole Presidential Campaign
I wonder if Bob Dole appreciated the free advertising.  (Also remember
that this was in 1988!)
Modern operating systems make kernel-patching viruses like the simple
ten-byte hacks effectively impossible since the operating system is less
predictable with respect to its memory usage, people upgrade more
frequently, and many experienced users compile their own kernel.
Modern protected-mode operating systems are also making boot-sector viruses
obsolete as well.  That leaves executable file viruses.  By the late eighties, hard disks were becoming fairly standard equipment,
and the "CyberAIDS" virus mentioned above attached itself to executable
files.  Filesystem security and read/execute-only memory pages on Unix
systems make writing effective viruses of this type quite difficult.
Unfortunately, Microsoft's lax attitude toward security allows viruses to
persist on their operating systems, and have made Bill Gates very popular
with the virus writing groups.  In addition, the lack of filesystem security
in Windoze makes the shared libraries, and key system files, prime targets
for malicious code.
Still, as the famous login hack demontrates, it's not impossible to write a
unix virus, if you can get control of the compiler/linker.  It's just that
there are other methods of hacking unix systems (ie buffer overruns) which
provide a more immediate return on the investment of time for the hacker.

@_date: 1996-10-07 02:14:38
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: encrypting pppd? 
Here's a little script for tunnelling SLIP over a ssh session on Linux:
(sleep 2;\
 /usr/local/bin/ssh -l username -e none remotehost&/dev/ttyqe)&
(echo "port ptyqe";\
 echo "wait ord: 15";\
 echo "send secretpw\\n";\
 echo "wait (shellprompt)> 60";\
 echo "send slip\\n";\
 echo get \$rmtip 192.168.0.1;\
 echo get \$locip 192.168.0.2;\
 echo "mode CSLIP";sleep 15)|/sbin/dip -tv
PPP is a little more complicated; I found it's easier if you put the ssh on
the pty instead of the tty side.  You can't do this from a shell script,
because the pty can only be opened once.  This will take care of that:
main(ac,av)int ac;char **av;{
  int fd;
  fd=open("/dev/tty",O_RDWR);
  ioctl(fd,TIOCNOTTY);
  close(fd);
  fd=open("/dev/ptyqf",O_RDWR);
  if(fd<=0) exit(1);
  dup2(fd,0);
  dup2(fd,1);
  dup2(fd,2);
  execl("/usr/local/bin/ssh","ssh","-l","username","-e","none","-c","idea",
        "-t","remotehost","mesg n;/usr/sbin/ppp -direct mylink",(char *)0);
  exit(1);
Do remember that you can't route the ip addresses that you're tunneling
inside the tunnel!  So be sure to assign some alternate ip addresses to
each end of the link.  192.168.x.x will work; those addresses aren't
assigned to anyone.
I used /dev/ttyqf for the tty, that is usually unused.  If you have more
than 30 users online then you'll need to increase it.

@_date: 1996-10-12 17:48:37
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: SPA sues C2, other ISPs and users 
Claiming that a link to a pirate FTP site is illegal, is a fairly difficult
position to defend.  It's not illegal to say "someone is selling stolen
property on the corner of First Street downtown".  It's just a statement of
fact.  They could try to argue that there was some intent to commit a
crime... but they'd have to have some real proof of that.
Their claim that "peripheral data" is illegal is a rather novel idea, and
not supported (to my knowledge) by precedent.  I don't think anyone could
argue that a serial number or password is by itself worthy of copyright
protection, since it lacks any creative expression, so they are claiming
it is "indirect infringement".  There is an interesting case which dealt
with this issue awhile back:  A company, Central Point Software, began
marketing a product in the early 1980's called Copy II Plus.  This was a
fairly standard disk-copying program, but its key selling feature was its
"parameter list".  This parameter list was a list of specific commands and
modifications necessary to copy protected software, and in most cases, to
remove the copy protection entirely.  They sold, by subscription, quarterly
updates to this list, which grew to contain deprotection information for
about 10,000 programs.  Obviously, others in the software industry were not
happy with this, and filed suit against Central Point.  I don't remember
the details of the case - but Central Point Software won, and continued
publishing updated lists.  (Anyone here have a reference for this case?)
Interestingly, by the early 90's, few software companies were using
disk-format-based copy protection, and as such the market for Copy II Plus
(and its successors Copy II Mac and Copy II PC) dwindled.  Central Point
Software folded and (I think) was bought out by Symantec.
A few months ago I saw Sameer grumbling about people "not paying for
Apache-SSL".  Now SPA claims he's operating an ISP to promote piracy.  So
first he's a software publisher and now he's a software pirate.  Uh, yeah,
whatever.  Obviously SPA is on a PR campaign here which defies all
conventional logic.

@_date: 1996-10-15 00:44:26
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Sameer should sue the SPA 
Let's see, what can Sameer sue the SPA for...
1) Filing a frivilous lawsuit, of course.
2) Extortion.  "Sign this or we'll sue."
3) Libel and Defamation.  "SPA's false statements about Mr. Parekh have
   harmed his reputation as a software publisher, and cost him profits..."
4) Conspiracy to violate the ECPA by demanding logs and records which may
   contain private/confidential information.  (Dunno about this one, but
   it's worth a shot.)
5) Anything else?  How much $ in damages do you think he can get?
Also, SPA is going after C2 because one of their customers allegedly
had a link to a pirate site - but they have (apparently) not gone after
the pirate site itself!  Could someone explain to me how there can be a
finding of contributory copyright infringement, when there is no direct
copyright infringement?
Fonovisa v. Cherry Auction is an often-cited case here.  In this case,
a lawsuit was brought against the swap meet operators only after action
had been taken against the vendors of the illegally copied material.
It does not seem logical that c2 could be liable for contributory
infringement when no actual infringement has (yet) been shown to exist.

@_date: 1996-10-22 12:27:20
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: IP spoofer 
Assuming that this was I troll, I took this to private mail.  Since
there is some relevance to computer security and anonymity I am
forwarding it back to the list.  Here is my reply to him:
Well, you posted to a mailling list about cryptography and asked a
silly question about IP spoofing.  Smells like a troll.  Apparently
others thought so too; I guess I was the only one silly enough to
"...what forged mail..."
Well, your whole post was about forging the sender...
Now, to answer your question:
In order to do a successful IP spoofing, you must either gain access to the routing mechanism for one or more non-local IP addresses, or
spoof a DNS (Domain Name System) server.  To send packets with a
forged IP address generally requires substantial ability to modify
the behavior of the local TCP stack.  Since Win95 does not provide
such functionality via the winsock.dll interface, and the source
code to the tcpip module is not available, in order to use Win95 for
such purposes would necessitate rewriting and replacing a
substantial portion of the IP-networking code.  Since you expressed
no interest in doing so, I assumed you were joking when you said
that you wanted to use Win95.  On operating systems which provide an
interface for the user to insert raw packets into the local tcp/ip
stack, ip spoofing is much more practical.  Please see the post I
made to the list about a month ago on the subject of IP Tunneling.
I included two scripts, written under the Linux Operating System,
which serve to give you a non-local IP address (using ssh as the
tunneling transport mechanism).  I assume that this would be
sufficient for the purpose you intend.  You will, however, need to
find a cooperative network administrator from whom to borrow an IP
The other option is DNS spoofing.  The simplest form of this is to
only forge the reverse-dns lookup.  This requires access to the
reverse-dns server, or merely suffient information about it to forge
packets from it.  (eg information obtained using a packet sniffer on
the local ethernet)  This method is fairly widely known and
practiced.  For this reason, most servers now check the reverse-dns
against a forward-lookup, so you are unlikely to succeed at doing
this.  It might also be possible to engage in a denial-of-service
attack (such as a packet flood) in order to prevent the reverse-dns
lookup.  This is, however, of limited utility since the IRC server,
if it accepts a connection without a reverse-dns entry, would
publicly display the numeric address, which anyone could then
independently look up, or do a traceroute on.
I hope this answers your questions about IP spoofing.  In the future,
please try to familiarize yourself with the ongoing list discussions,
as this will encourage people to take your questions more seriously.

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:42:50
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Well, this is becoming a rather long thread, but I'll just make what I
think are the key points:
If, as is presumed in this discussion, society will become divided into
two somewhat distinct groups of people, the crypto-anonymous group and
the traceable-identifiable group, then the predictable outcome is that
members of the traceable-identifiable group will become increasingly
victimized by members of the crypto-anonymous group.  People who are
easily identifiable and tracked are easy prey.
For example, if you can see when John Doe is logged in at home or
logged in at his office, then you can burglarize his home while he is
at the office and vice versa.  If, as some government agencies would
like, all motor vehicle records were online, a criminal could go
'shopping' on the internet, pick out the make and model he wants,
look up the owner's address and go steal it.  There are lots of other
examples, such as seeing how much money is in various people's bank
accounts, then target those who have money, etc...
(Identifiable people are also likely to be targets of spam and other
annoyances, and I suspect the proliferation of spam is encourgaing
a great number of people to explore the possibilities for anonymous
This situation is going to put an increasing amount of pressure on
those in the traceable-identifiable group to change their ways.  They
will have two choices: either they start using crypto, remailers, etc
to protect their privacy and protect themselves from criminals, or
they can demand more identification and restrict their interactions
with others such that they only associate with suitably identified
The net result of this is that it's easy (and economically desirable)
for people in the 'traceable-identifiable' group to join the 'crypto-anonymous' group, but vary hard for anonymous personas to
interact with the identified group.  As such, the number of people
demanding identification of their correspondents will decline.
(Another way to look at it, is that crypto-anonymity is a high-entropy,
and hence stable, situation, whereas tracable-identifiability is a low-entropy and metastable state, which spontaneously degrades into
the former in the absense of a constraining force.)
This is why cryptoanarchy is inevitable.

@_date: 1996-11-16 17:04:30
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: NT insecurity 
You can do the same with every other operating system that doesn't have
an encrypted filesystem; Microsoft was just the only company dumb enough
to claim their filesystem was secure because they didn't think that
anyone would reverse-engineer it.

@_date: 1996-12-13 16:55:02
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: !! Point 'n Crypt -- Win95 Privacy for Everyone !! 
40bit encryption isn't much security at all.  If you've got something
important enough to encrypt, then it's important enough to find a proper
encryption program.  Why would anyone buy this shit?
(That's a rhetorical question, of course; the answer is because some
people are stupid...)

@_date: 1996-12-13 17:15:28
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Neural Nets 
Detecting and exploting biases of encrypted bits vs plaintext bits is the
basis of many well-known techniques which are known as differential and
linear cryptanalysis.  I think it would certainly be possible to perform
differential cryptanalysis via an evolutionary algorithm which looked for
correlations and favored those which were statistically more likely.
Of course, any well-designed algorithm should make it take an impractically
large number of iterations to discover any useful relations, but the
technique would probably work pretty well against common snakeoil.

@_date: 1996-12-14 12:01:03
@_author: Matthew Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Secure Erase for PCs? 
It took me less than ten minutes...
Try this in Linux...
set n=1
cat /dev/urandom >/tmp/fill
rm /tmp/fill
@ n = $n + 1
if ( $n < 30 ) then
  goto loop
