
@_date: 1995-07-20 14:51:40
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: DOVE/Red Mercury doom U.S. Super State? 
DOVE/Red Mercury dooms U.S Super State?        The first part of this post deals with Red Mercury. The
deals generally with cheap weapons of mass destruction and
proliferation amoung small groups.
   Red Mercury means Antimony Mercury Oxide. This compound
looks rather
harmless but it is not. This compound is very technically
difficult to
synthesize in its dangerous state. I suspect that the
compound is more
complex than its formula suggests. According to Spin
magazine, it is
not exactly an explosive but goes through a chemical
that releases MUCH more power (energy/time) than high
explosives. It was
discovered in Russia and is currently being produced there.
DOVE is a
code name for an American device that would have used Red
   The unique property of Red Mercury is that it releases so
much power
that it can be used as a trigger for miniature fusion bombs!
And appar-
ently has been.
   Most of this material is from a booklet by Dr. Gary
North, called
BILLS FROM BEYOND THE GRAVE - chapter 7 - Khomeini's Bill.
This booklet
is a recent promotional for North's REMNANT REVIEW.
Remnant Review
824 East Baltimore Street
Baltimore, MD
The following text is mostly information quoted from North's
in which he gets his info from Sam Cohen - The man who came
up with
the idea of the neutron bomb in the late 1950's.
-------------end North-------start-----------end------------end------------start--------Startend of WAR AND ANTIWAR------------------------
   Another threat is cheap biological warfare. A few years
ago in a
popular science magazine, a scientist was describing the
near future
threat of biological weapons. Amoung the things he stated
was 1. while
only two sites in the world house smallpox samples, its
genome is known
and it can be made in a gene sequencer. 2. As bio science
plagues can be manufactured by smaller groups of people. 3.
A plague
could be tailored to strike only a certain racial group in
only a
particular part of the world. The part of the world
described by humi-
dity, temp., climate, etc..
                       CONCLUSION
   The world is not going to be dominated by a one world
state. Tech-
nology dictates that weapons of mass destruction are going
to find their
way into the hands of smaller and smaller groups. No longer
will giant
states be able to say "you do what I say." Sort of a "Don't
tread on me"
world. "God created man. Samuel Colt made men equal." - AND
cheap weapons
of mass destruction will make political entities equal
regardless of
  Other books that pretty much reach these conclusions are:
GREAT RECKONING by James Dale Davidson and Lord William
Mogg Simon & Schuster; BLOOD IN THE STREETS by same
and BASEMENT NUKES by Erwin S. Strauss - Loompanics
Relevance to CYPHERPUNKS: Weaponery decides size of viable
political groups & their degree of independence. This will
decide much
of the nature of private communications. Also, Cypherpunks
was sort of
down about the increasing control of the U.S. superstate. I
think this
will cheer them up.
& Finally: In the old Feudal days, wars weren't so bad. The
would fight while the peasants watched nearby & cheered the
Won't it be just grand when we sit in front of our tv's with
cokes & popcorn & watch the "horrible" news reports of the
in Washington D.C. in which the dreaded two-headed Clinton
monster was
killed and various paramilitary headquarters, the IRS,
lobbyists, lawyers, the Federal Reserve and a violent
welfare population
were destroyed. Set VCRs on record!
                                             PUSH EM BACK!
PUSH EM BACK!
                                             WWWAAAYYY
                                             BBBEEEAAATTTT
                                             Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-07-20 21:07:15
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Superwipe 
Dear Cypherpunks,
   This is mostly an old post that Monty Harder sent me
concerning my
program Superwipe. I got his ok to post it to Cypherpunks so
that it
would stimulate debate on my program.
   In addition to the original problem of wiping compressed
sectors, I
have found a second problem: with cacheing software and the
ubiquitous several hundred k hardware ram caches, it is
about impossi-
ble to do multiple wipes on sectors. Anyone else got any
GJ>    A number of problems have cropped up though. It will
not handle
GJ> compressed disks yet. SUPERWIPE writes all 0's or all
1's & you know
GJ> what a compressed disk driver will do with them. The
driver would
For maximum
fair compromise
GJ> crush them down to a few bytes at the beginning of the
file & the rest
GJ> of the file would not be touched.
GJ>    I have decided that I can solve that problem by
writing a random
GJ> number generator function and filling the file with non-
GJ> random numbers.
compressed at 7:16
noncompressible, comes
sectors to
this, but
necessary. I
assure, and
GJ>    Also, I am thinking of putting SUPERWIPE into the
public domain.
GJ> I would use the privacy functions presently in it and
also include a
GJ> few more privacy functions. If I put it into the public
domain, then
GJ> I will have to distribute source code. This could make
me more vunerable
include a
That would be
code with the

@_date: 1995-07-26 21:20:37
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Strategic Invest. on Bad Boys, Blk Net, & Remailers 
from:        Strategic Investment
             824 East Baltimore Street
             Baltimore, MD 21202
                      July 25, 1995
Beat State!

@_date: 1995-08-05 01:12:44
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Secure FileSystem vs Secure Device 
Secure FileSystem vs Secure Device
   I have been studing the software package SFS110 ( Secure File-
System) version 1.10 by Peter Gutmann. I originally wanted to use
SECDEV (Secure Device) but mistook Secure File System for it. I have
heard references to Secure Device on Cypherpunks but I have heard
nothing about Secure FileSystem.
   Does anyone have knowledge of both of these systems & can give me
advice on which is superior? Also, I found Secure Device compressed
with a .arj compression system. What is this compression method? Is
there a DOS version of Secure Device?
   I have done some preliminary reading of Secure FileSystem & I find
it to be very impressive! So, why no mention on Cypherpunks? Is Secure
Device that much superior or has Secure FileSystem just been over-
looked? Also, what are the latest version numbers of both of them?
                                 PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                 WWWAAAYYYY   BBBAAACCCCK!
                                 BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                 Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-08-12 01:24:15
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: PERRY-GRAMS (Does Perry speak for Cypherpunks?) 
PERRY-GRAMS
            (Does Perry speak for Cypherpunks?)
   I have a solution to the Perry off-topic problem: PERRY-GRAMS.
   I got this idea from the following text of Tim May's:.
------end Tim May text --end Perry E. Metzger "Ciphergroupie" post --------------
                                         PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                         WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                         BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                         Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-08-23 23:52:30
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Global Investing using Electronic Tools 
The Business Week Guide to Global Investments using Electronic Tools.
Dear Cypherpunks,
   While I was hunting around a Waldenbooks store, I found the above
named book. Its by Robert Schwabach, published by Osborne McGraw-Hill.
It retails at $39.95 and comes with 3 3 1/2" diskettes. I just glanced
thru it. It may be of interest to some Cypherpunks. I don't know if it
would be useful for PRIVATE foreign investing or not.
                                                      Yours Truly,
                                                      Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-09-01 00:14:48
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: FUHRMAN key escrow 
FUHRMAN key escrow
   Fuhrman seems to be a Godsend to us. He is helping to destroy the
public's perceived legitimacy of state authority. If things keep moving
the way they are, Fuhrman may join the names: John Crapper, Quisling,
& Hooker. In which case, I propose the term, Fuhrman key escrow, to
substitue for the term, mandatory state key escrow.

@_date: 1995-09-01 00:17:18
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Phil Zimmermann/Amnesty International? 
Phil Zimmermann/Amnesty International?
   I was wondering if the Zimmermann case would be a proper concern of
Amnesty International. Phil is obviously a political dissident. His
persecution is obviously political. If Phil got support from Amnesty
Int'l, then his persecution could be a big embarrassment to the Federal
gov't. He has a lot of supporters and taking up his cause could be a
big promotional for Amnesty International. The Feds might feel forced
to drop the matter early. Any ideas?
                                             Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:17:36
@_author: Gjeffers@socketis.net 
@_subject: PHIL ZIMMERMANN/AMNESTY INTERNATIONAL? 
Phil Zimmermann/Amnesty International?
   I was wondering if the Zimmermann case would be a proper concern of
Amnesty International. Phil is obviously a political dissident. His
persecution is obviously political. If Phil got support from Amnesty
Int'l, then his persecution could be a big embarrassment to the Federal
gov't. He has a lot of supporters and taking up his cause could be a
big promotional for Amnesty International. The Feds might feel forced
to drop the matter early. Any ideas?
                                             Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-09-06 20:44:26
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: ON  OFF-TOPIC 
ON  OFF-TOPIC
     THE UNITED STATES "FEDERAL" GOVERNMENT HAS NO LEGITIMACY!
       CRYPTO CODERS SUPPLY THE MEANS!
CONSPIRACY THEORISTS SUPPLY THE MOTIVATION!
conspiracy theorist = alternative political theorist
NOT= AP/ABC/CBS/NBC/CIA/FBI/U.S GOV'N./New York Times/Washington Post
opinion moulders syndicate
"extremist right-wing kook" = old fashioned American patriot
Left term used often by left-wing extremist liberal statist kooks.
The United States "Federal" Government - we'll be even more American
without it.
                                              PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                              WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCK!
                                              BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1995-09-12 00:19:32
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: PGP in UK - snooped as unSTEALTHed? 
PGP IS MARKED!
   Well, I just used MIT's PGP 2.6.2 with 3 different users' public
keys to encrypt 3 different files. In all 3 files, the first 3
characters were the same (an umlauted A, then an i with an up arrow
over it, and then a heart). This beginning 3 character string is
apparently the infamous PGP RSA signature. The signature that says
to spooks' programmed encryption sniffers - "HEY! I'M PGP -  GIVE ME
A LOOK!."
   When are the PGP designers and coders going to get serious and de-
velope STEALTH PGP inside PGP itself!? I think that it would take the
states at least many thousands of times the computing cycles to spot
PGP encrypted files without the RSA signature. - IF it were practical to
look for STEALTH PGP at all when snooping communications networks.
  So what, -that "only a few companies" will be discovered to be using PGP
through the RSA signature!? Those few companies are the seeds for the
vast numbers of companies that would follow them in using PGP over the
Internet. The RSA signature is the flag that allows the spooks to easily
net the bold first companies. The RSA signature is greatly impeding the
spread of PGP use over the Internet. PGP MUST BE STEALTHED!!
             ENCRYPTION METHODS' "RANDOM" SIGNATURE
   PGP files are, of course, compressed to remove redundancy and thus make
the method stronger. This, along with the algorithm, produces a "random"
bit file. I believe that most files on the Internet are not compressed
and thus would show order on statistical sniffing programs. Of the files
that are compressed, by PKZIP for example, I believe they would probably
have a compression string signature particular to that compression met-
hod. Otherwise, compressed files show more randomness. I don't know if
compressed programs show an order throughout the file. If they do, then,
possibly, PGP could have a function added to it to duplicate this order.
   This suggests that PGP should also have a function that makes a phoney
compression method signature. This would allow PGP'ed files to hide
amoung compressed files on the Net.
                   -----------
   With the removal of the PGP RSA signature and the addition of phony
compression signatures, PGP'ed files would travel the Net without draw-
ing attention to themselves. This would greatly facilitate the growth
of PGP traffic by organizations.
         MICROSOFT VERSUS BORLAND FOR COMPILING/ASSEMBLING PGP
   Oftentimes, Borland C and Assembler can be bought at prices that
are a fraction of the price of Microsoft C and Assembler. This suggests
that PGP should be programmed with Borland instead of with Microsoft. I
think that this would be a step in making PGP a real peoples' encryption
method. It is more practical for people to get Borland programming soft-
ware than Microsoft programming software. This change from Microsoft to
Borland might encourage a lot of experimentation and innovation by a lot
of individual and small group programmers.
THE UNITED STATES "FEDERAL" GOVERNMENT HAS NO LEGITIMACY.
The United States "Federal" Government - We'll be even more American
without it.
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!

@_date: 1995-09-12 13:25:26
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Secure Device 1.4 (secdr14.zip) 
Dear fellow Cypherpunks, Could someone send me Secure Device 1.4 (Secdr14.zip) ? My ftp software won't accept the huge directory path needed to point at the package on U.S. servers. I am an American citizen at an American site who knows the export regulations. Thank You, Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-10-07 01:51:53
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: secure split; secure device 
I am looking for Secure Split and for the latest version of secure device.
I've got secure device 1.3. Is that the latest.  Yours Truly, Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-10-10 02:48:16
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: PC disk wipe software - SUPERWIPE 1.04R 
PC disk wipe software -  SUPERWIPE 1.04R
Note: SUPERWIPE is also a SUPER ERASER with powerful erase features.
   As a matter of fact, I have written a shareware program that is a PC
wipe program: SUPERWIPE 1.04R . I just sent a copy to Perry Metzger. If
anyone else wants a copy, let me know. Its free to Cypherpunks.
   There are two big problems with writing a PC disk wipe program.
1. Compressed disks. With compressed disks you don't know how long to
make the write. You try putting all 1's or all 0's and the disk compressor
will compress it next to nothing. In fact, it may write the wipe data to
different clusters than the original file. 2. Software disk caches and
even worse -  hardware disk caches. - Those 256k disk caches. With caches,
if you do multi-wipes of a file, in actuallity, you only do one real wipe
& several virtual (to RAM) wipes.
   It might be possible to get around the first problem by using direct
sector writes (INT 13 SERVICE 3) instead of well behaved (INT 21 SERVICE
40) writes. But this is a rather dangerous practice as if you make a
mistake you might wreck the hard disk partition.
   Concerning the second, I see no practical way around the problem of
hardware disk caches keeping the user from making multiple wipes of a
   As for making multiple wipes of CURRENTLY unused disk space, my SUPER-
WIPE will do that with the options:  /oldx /n   . Where oldx points at the
diskette drive or hard disk partition to be wiped & /n tells how many
wipes to do (1-9).
   As for the problem of getting rid of old buffer data writes to the end
of last file cluster writes, my program doesn't handle that. However, if
there is no disk compressor, I don't think it would be that hard to write
a function to handle it. In reality, I don't think that this problem is
much of a problem anyway. It would only occur at the end of small files.
   I suspect that the wipe problems that we have with the DOS operating
system are shared with most other operating systems.
   I uploaded SUPERWIPE to an anon ftp site. I believe it was Alex De
Joode (or spelled something like that) who gave approval for the upload.
It seems like it was a Utopia site. I lost my file on it and have now for-
gotten. If anyone needs SUPERWIPE, send me a request.
Some documentation follows for SUPERWIPE 1.04R:
-------------Start of readme.spr file---------------------------------
              SUPERWIPE
   current version: 1.04r
   SUPERWIPE is a utility that will substantially increase the security of
your computer. What does SUPERWIPE do? In order to explain what it does, I
first need to explain some security holes in the DOS operating system as
it works with disks.
   The delete & erase DOS instructions are convenient utilities that allow
you to get rid of old files. They don't actually destroy the files. They
merely mark these files so that they will be ignored by the DOS operating
system. Most of the time this is good enough. But what if you have sensi-
tive files that must not be recovered? A snoop could use the popular DOS
undelete command or another utility program to entirely recover these
   To solve this problem, wipe programs were invented. A wipe program will
write a character, usually a 0 or a 1, over your entire file & then delete
it. In this way, your sensitive files are made non-recoverable.
NOTE: SUPERWIPE currently only works with non-compressed disks.
    SUPERWIPE also does this but with some improvements! SUPERWIPE
(unregistered) will enable you to :
1. allow multiple files to be wiped instead of just one!
2. use wildcards!
3. mix your regular files with wildcards in any order you choose!
 Multiple wildcards may be interspersed with multiple regular files!
4. reduce your file to zero bytes, so that a snoop cannot determine with
   certainty what the original size was!
5. rename your file to a single letter, so that a snoop cannot determine
   what the original name was!
6. access several disk partitions (c: d: e: etc..) & diskette drives in
   one run!
7. starting with version 1.03, SUPERWIPE now has SUPER ERASE capabilities
   as well.
   All of the above capabilities are contained in this program.
         ADVANTAGES OF REGISTRATION FOLLOW:
   When you register, you will receive a registered version, that in
 addition to the above capabilities, will allow you to:
1: Wipe out all previously erased or deleted files! (The /OLD option.)
   The registered version will also have a nicer execution message that
 will lack the plea for money.
   You are probably wondering why you would want the capability to wipe
out all previously deleted files. There are two reasons: one fairly ob-
vious; one not.
   Firstly, those old deleted files may be sensitive & you forgot to wipe
them properly. Or maybe, you were busy at an earlier time & did not take
the time to properly wipe all the sensitive files. Or, you may not remem-
ber wheather you wiped or erased a sensitive file. With the /OLD option,
you can be sure that they are all wiped!
   Secondly, many programs, including some word processors, make temporary
files that are used to assist that program in its work. When the program
is done, those programs are deleted. Ordinarily, this is fine, but it does
leave a security hole. The /OLD option will wipe out all of them!
Note: Since the /OLD option must go through the entire "unused" disk par-
tition or diskette, it may take several minutes to complete.
2.   Registered users, will also be notified of improved versions of
3.   Upgrades, at least for the next upgrade, will only be $10.
4.   Registered users will also receive telephone support.
5.   Also, the registered user will have a clear conscience & will use
SUPERWIPE with a feeling of sublime legitimacy!
   Site licenses are also available.
-------------End of readme.spr file---------------------------------
-------------Start of .com help file------------------------------------
Gary's super file wipe/erase program. ver.  1.04r   Copyright 1995 Gary Jeffers
This ver. does not work with compressed disks.
Nothing to do.
Invocation syntax    w filename1 filename2  ... wildcard1 wildcard2 ...
 /(no. of wipes for disk) /n(one alpha letter name of alternate file)
 /old{partition or drive letter} - (wipe all old deletes.-reg. only)
no parenthesis or braces in actual command line.
The order of the tokens does not matter.
examples:    w my.fil new.fil /olda *.exe next????.com /5 /na
w this.fil /e wild????.exe /nc anot????.com second.fil
w that????.* /nk last.fil /oldc
-------------End of .com help file------------------------------------
THE UNITED STATES "FEDERAL" GOVERNMENT HAS NO LEGITIMACY.
The United States "Federal" Government - We'll be even more American
without it.
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-10-12 01:16:41
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: SUPERWIPE pgp a / uuencode 
Dear Cypherpunks,
   I used "PGP - A" to armor SUPERWIPE 1.04R for the first 10 C'punks to
request it. I assumed that all the users would be PGP 'enabled. In case
anyone of you weren't, please make another request for SUPERWIPE & specify
that it be sent with UUENCODE armor & I will resend it with the UUENCODE
                                          Yours Truly,
                                          Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-11-02 17:31:15
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: Was I censored by a sophisticated word parser/key word searcher? 
My original plaintext post of Internet control by spooks has still not been posted. I have made 2 posts since that were posted quickly. Are things getting BAD!? Could I have fucked up? Do remailers now have a new use? Should remailers with encryption be used to spread the alarm to the rest of the Internet? My fellow Cypherpunks with bigger Internet mechanics brains should check this out. Can the original BLACKOUT post be reposted to other mailing lists or will it be censored? Check it out! - Beat State! - Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-11-03 18:06:04
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: censored with Perry 
Perry is again narrowly defining allowable speech on Cypherpunks.
Encryption becomes a trivial topic if its best medium is taken by the
States. Perry is still in his "only encryption algorithms in C is a
proper topic for Cypherpunks" mode. This is a direction that if followed
would take the vitality and relevance out of the Cypherpunks list. Perry
does a disservice for Cypherpunks.
   Since when did Cypherpunks become the mailing list fit for Perry? Perry
makes a big deal out of "nobody speaks for Perry" yet on Cypherpunks he
has decided that he sets the parameters for allowed speech. When did Perry
come to own the list? Where did he get this "authority" to tell other
Cypherpunks to shut up? As Perry often presumptiously and rudely reminds
C'punks that their speech is not tolerable, we must also take the time
and trouble to occasionally tell Perry to shove his opinions up his ass.
                                                         Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-11-24 18:18:25
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: crypto for porno users 
crypto for porno users
   Crypto porno is a wonderful topic for Cypherpunks. Child porno people
are a group that definitely needs the very best in computer security. If
their computer security problems are solved, then everybodys' computer
security problems are solved.
               COMPUTER SITE DISK SECURITY
   The SecureDrive 1.4 disk encryptor system solves their computer site
disk storage problem. It also gives them the solution to the "rubber hose"
problem. With a "damaged" key file and the use of a password, they have
an effective defense against court orders demanding keys. (see the docs
for SecureDrive 1.4). Also disk encryptors not only encrypt files but also
solve the problem of temporary work files that are used by many software
packages (They can be reconstructed).
                TELECOMMUNICATIONS SECURITY
   MIT's PGP 2.6.2 solves their problem of secure telecommunications.
This assumes that the people involved can really trust each other.
                 STATE INFILTRATOR PROBLEM
   Of course, one of the really big problems for non-STATE approved
groups is the problem of state agents infiltrating the group. This gets
worse as the group gets bigger. This is also one more thing I have against
states - one of their jobs is having their agents make friends with cit-
izens and then betray their friends. Has anyone else noticed? -  THE STATE
HAS NO HONOR! The state prides itself on its cleverness here.
   Also, of course, once the state has entrapped an individual, they tend
to get other members of the group by having their victims get and give
evidence against other members. - sort of a domino effect and the group
unravels - especially with the conspiracy laws. Drug distribution gangs
are famous for falling to these techniques.
   A possibly unbreakable defense against the above assault would be the
use of a Dining Cryptographers protocol. According to Applied Crypto-
graphy, PGP may be used to send messages in these protocols. Pretend that
a small group of Cypherpunks are child porn enthusiasts and decide to use
the Cypherpunk mailing list to exchange pictures and child porn info..
   I know little of the theory of Dining Cryptographers but I would think
that a good implementation of it would make infiltrators useless. I will
leave it for other Cypherpunks to discuss the mechanics (specific and
general) for actually doing this.
   A possible risk would be that this would put the general membership of
Cypherpunks at risk - or would it just put the list itself to risk? Does
this imply that we need FORTRESS mailing lists or what others would des-
cribe as COERCION-FREE mailing lists? Would remailers that allow two way
secure communication be a help here? Would they be forced to be FORTRESS
or COERCION-FREE to be effective?  Should they use expendable lists?:-)
   Generally, if you wanted to start a discussion group on a forbidden
topic on the Internet, and wanted to keep it secure - how would you do
it? Today this is an academic question - but tomorrow? :-) Aside from
workable anonymous Internet money, the two most needed computer privacy
technologies are fortress mailing lists and remailers and workable Dining
Cryptographers protocols.
THE UNITED STATES "FEDERAL" GOVERNMENT HAS NO LEGITIMACY.
The United States "Federal" Government - We'll be even more American
without it.
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                           Gary Jeffers

@_date: 1995-11-25 06:49:25
@_author: Gary Jeffers 
@_subject: RE: establishing trust 
RE: establishing trust
   Question: What's a WEB OF TRUST with STATE agents in it?
   Answer: - a DRIFTNET!  U heard it here first. :-)
THE UNITED STATES "FEDERAL" GOVERNMENT HAS NO LEGITIMACY.
The United States "Federal" Government - We'll be even more American
without it.
                                           PUSH EM BACK! PUSH EM BACK!
                                           WWWAAAYYYY  BBBAAACCCCK!
                                           BBBEEEAAATTTT  STATE!
                                           Gary Jeffers
