
@_date: 1996-07-10 13:12:09
@_author: "George Kuzmowycz" 
@_subject: MSoft crypto API's 
The June 10, 1996 Network World carried a story on page 8 under the title "Microsoft breaks crypto barrier", which starts off as follows:
  " Microsoft Corp. last week said it will include cryptography-based security technology in its operating systems, messaging product and Web browser through a new set of APIs that will be available both in the U.S. and overseas.
 " The fact that the National Security Agency is allowing Microsoft to export the cryptographic APIs is somewhat of a coup for the software vendor, although the NSA did nothing to alter the current export ban on strong encryption."
  Later on, it says:
"  Microsoft's Crypto APIs will be available to third-party vendors
writing applications with embedded security. But the hardware or
software Crypto-engines for these applications will need to be
digitally signed by Microsoft before they will work with the APIs.
Under an unusual arrangement with the NSA, Microsoft will act as a
front man for the powerful U.S. spy agency, checking on whether the
vendors' products comply with U.S. export rules."
  I was a bit surprised not to see any discussion of this here. Is it just old news? Or maybe people here don't read Network World?
  I didn't paste in the whole article for copyright reasons. Since they seem to be on a one-month lag with posting back articles on their Web site, it just this week became available at    An MS/NSA alliance?
        -gk-

@_date: 1996-07-31 02:49:38
@_author: "George Kuzmowycz" 
@_subject: Privacy a thing of the past 
No, it's not my opinion. The subject line is the title of a keynote session at the DCI Internet Expo in Boston on October 15-17. The talk is being given by a fellow named Jim Sterne, who is listed as president of something called "Target Marketing". I got the brochure for the show in this morning's mail. You can get further info at   The description of the talk begins with the intriguing line "Computing power allows us to stop treating people like numbers and go back to treating them like human beings -- individuals with specific likes, dislikes and points of view." But it ends with "Along the way, privacy will become a quaint sentiment." So I guess we treat people like human beings, but human beings whom we know everything   Although this is a paid conference, they give out free tickets to the "expo". It's not clear whether the free ticket gets you into the keynotes, but that has usually been the case in the past. If you're in or near Boston on 10/17, you may want to share your views with Mr.         -gk-

@_date: 1996-08-03 03:10:13
@_author: "George Kuzmowycz" 
@_subject: Corporate e-mail policy 
The company I work for has set up a committee to draft a security policy involving, among other things, e-mail. Since I'm responsible for our networking and e-mail, I'm part of this group. Unfortunately, I'm outnumbered by legal, auditing and HR types who, basically, want to have access to everything.
  I am aware that there's a line of thinking which holds that what you
do or say on company time, using company equipment is the company's
business. I do not subscribe to this line of thinking, and believe
that employees expect a "zone of privacy" in which their telephone
calls will not be listened to and their e-mail will not be read or
monitored. I am also aware that recent court cases have not
supported this "zone of privacy" and have pretty much held that the
employer can do whatever it wants with e-mail.   What I want out of this process is to keep myself and my staff out of this business. As a practical matter, I'm sure the company could bring in a hired gun to do whatever they want; since our e-mail system does not easily support strong crypto, it's all there for the   In an ideal world, the rest of the group would agree with me and say
"Yup, we have no business reading e-mail." Since that's not likely,
I'm looking for examples of "privacy-friendly" corporate policies
that I can put on the table in our meetings, and end up with a
minority report.          -gk-

@_date: 1996-08-17 01:26:49
@_author: "George Kuzmowycz" 
@_subject: Re: photographed license plates 
Actually, a system like this is in place for toll collection in and around New York City, and on the New York State Thruway (a toll road that runs from NYC to Buffalo). It's called EZ-Pass, and involves some sort of programmed radio device that's scanned by the toll booth as you pass through. It can even automatically debit your VISA account. I am not aware of what representations, if any, they've made about the privacy of the data.
  An interesting economic point is that for the NYC bridges and tunnels, at least, EZ-Pass is now the only way to get discounted fares. The toll is $3.50 per bridge crossing. It used to be that they sold tokens, and if you bought a roll of tokens you'd get a discounted rate. Now they no longer sell the tokens in bulk, but the same discount is applied if you use the EZ-Pass system. The anonymous transaction is now the more costly one.
        -gk-
