
@_date: 1993-10-13 19:36:46
@_author: Godzilla's Home Boy 
@_subject: RSA crap 
Howzsa battles going. What are the chances of getting caught using pgp out
of this country? I have friends in Russia, I'd like to use more than
ordinary encryption getting to them.

@_date: 1993-10-13 20:26:46
@_author: Godzilla's Home Boy 
@_subject: Re: RSA crap 
I don't want to give the program pgp 2.2 to russians, since i got it from

@_date: 1994-01-22 16:48:11
@_author: Godzilla's Home Boy 
@_subject: Re: Remailers: The Next Generation 
I don't know if the two are valid arguments for a fee based service take
over. BBS services are limited, Netcom isn't. people who want to access
this Listserver have to have access to Internet, since a BBS would be
swamped if it were to have this list on it, you have to use Internet
services. I can do things with this server, that aren't available on a
BBS. A BBS doesn't compare to free services. Libraries are a vital resource. Since budgets have gone for really statist
shit like the military, we have had less for other projects. Bookstores
have exploded in part because the library wasn't available. If we had
fully funded libraries, then perhaps your statement would hold up
completely. since we have a publishing bonanza going on in the use of
digital prepress technologies, we have many more books available.
Bookstores fill the gap created by Libraries lack of funding.
 > As a syndicatalist, I find that the radical movement has less offer for
me. I seek to create an ecologically better balanced world, that the use
of technology, including encryption permits, as a natural outgrowth of
self interest assumptions. Encryption permits newspaper, without paper
use. It permits greater publishing capability, not only for the radical,
but also for the individual person who seeks self expression. Aside from
getting the NSA funding destroyed, so that the Green future of separation
of business and state can proceed (as I wish it would ;>), the shielding
seems to be in place.
 > Remailers are only needed if government involvement is assumed. without
this, and respect for private enterprise provided for, then with minimal
security (250 bit keys or so) the average digital press can safely
operate. That somebody might hack it, isn't the biggest concern. If my
advertising based newspaper is free to any person who wants it, and I have
a special interface to hypertext things, then decompiling it would seem a
useless gesture. Nobody who pays the ads little mind or who doesn't mind
will scream for broken magazines. >
