
@_date: 1992-10-10 02:43:25
@_author: south 
@_subject: Better directions to the meeting on Saturday at noon 
Someone asked for better directions, and the original ones were
pretty skimpy anyway.  Here's a better try.
There's no phone service there yet.
Take US 101 toward Mt. View.  From San Francisco, it's about a
40-minute drive.  Get off at the Rengstorff Ave/Amphitheatre Parkway
exit.  If you were heading south on 101, you curve around to the
right, cross over the freeway, and get to a stoplight.  If you were
heading north on 101, you just come right off the exit to the
stoplight.  The light is the intersection of Amphitheatre and
Charleston Rd.  Take a right on Charleston; there's a right-turn-only
Follow Charleston for a short distance.  You'll pass the
Metaphor/Kaleida buildings on the right.  At a clump of palm trees and
a "Landmark Deli" sign, you can take a right into Landings Drive; this
gets you into the complex from the north.  Or you can go slightly
further along Charleston and take the next right, into a driveway with
a big "Landmark" sign in the middle.  No matter which way you got into
the complex, follow around it until you are on the side that faces the
freeway.  There's a clock tower that rises out of one of the
buildings, to the right (south) of the deli.  Enter through the doors
immediately under the clock tower.  They'll be open between noon and
1PM at least.  (See below if you're late.)
Once inside, take the stairs up, immediately to your right.  At the top
of the stairs, turn right past the treetops, and we'll be in 1937 on your left.
If you are late and the door under the clock tower is locked, you can
go to the deli (which will be around a building and left, as you face
the door), cut between the buildings to the right of the deli, and
into the back lawns between the complex and the farm behind it.  Walk
around the buildings until you see a satellite dish in the lawn.  Go
up the stairs next to the dish, which are the back stairs into the
Cygnus office space.  We'll prop the door (or you can bang on it if we
Or, you can find the guard who's wandering around the complex, who
knows there's a meeting happening and will let you in.  They can be
beeped at 965 5250, though you'll have trouble finding a phone.
Don't forget to eat first, or bring food at noon!  I recommend hitting
the burrito place on Rengstorff (La Costen~a) at about 11:45.  To get
there, when you get off 101, take Rengstorff (toward the hills) rather
than Amphitheatre (toward the bay).  Follow it about ten blocks until
the major intersection at Middlefield Road.  La Costen~a is the store
on your left at the corner.  You can turn left into the narrow lane
behind the store, which leads to a parking lot, and enter by the front
door, which faces the intersection.  To get to the meeting from there,
just retrace your route on Rengstorff, go straight over the freeway,
and turn right at the stoplight onto Charleston; see above.
See you there!

@_date: 1992-10-13 10:53:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Mail headers 
We have standards already for a fully encrypted email system.  It's
called PEM, Privacy Enhanced Mail.  It'd be completely senseless to come
up with a different format at this point, as PEM is on the verge of

@_date: 1992-10-13 13:46:27
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Where to get further information about PEM 
Get the latest Internet Drafts for PEM; the RFC's are out of date.
By ftp to nic.ddn.mil, directory internet-drafts:
-rw-r--r--  1 gvaudre  35978 Sep  4 03:36 draft-ietf-pem-algorithms-01.txt
-rw-r--r--  1 gvaudre  16031 Sep  2 03:36 draft-ietf-pem-forms-01.txt
-rw-r--r--  1 gvaudre  85132 Aug  7 03:30 draft-ietf-pem-keymgmt-01.txt
-rw-r--r--  1 gvaudre 104515 Jul 25 03:30 draft-ietf-pem-msgproc-02.txt
-rw-r--r--  1 gvaudre    128 Sep  2 03:36 draft-ietf-pem-notary-00.txt
PS:  I too think that other key certification models besides "hierarchical"
are appropriate.  I think we can start from PEM software and PEM message
formats and evolve and experiment as appropriate.  Before you ask, currently
there is no PEM software widely available.  It's in alpha test.  It will
be released in full source code, and its development was funded by DARPA.

@_date: 1992-10-21 23:35:44
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Keystone 
We have a small project cooking, to use Diffie-Hellman key exchange
to choose a random key to encrypt Internet connections (telnet,
rlogin, ftp, smtp).  This same protocol can also be used over an
ordinary modem connection between a user's PC and a BBS, preventing
eavesdropping or wiretapping of that phone call.  It would also be
able to protect phone calls between a PC and a Unix timesharing system,
regardless of what networks lie in between, if we wrote a simple login
program that handled the modem protocol.  (It doesn't protect against
active re-routing of the call, e.g. by substituting another machine
for the BBS, but we could work on that as Phase II.)
(I suggest that the initial Diffie-Hellman handshake all be done in
ASCII encoding, no matter what the medium, so that the same protocol
can be used on all media, binary-transparent or not.)
This scheme would require support in the BBS and in the user's PC
terminal program.  Given a working Unix implementation, it would be
relatively easy to add to the terminal program, if source code for any
decent terminal programs was available.  This is where Unix shows a
real advantage, since you can get free source for just about program,
while "free" PC programs means free binaries.  If anyone knows of a
reasonably popular PC terminal emulator for which source code is
freely available and distributable, let us know.
(Or, if anyone knows the author of a popular commercial PC terminal
emulator program, tell the author that they could consider licensing
Diffie-Hellman from RSA for commercial use and adding it to their
proprietary terminal program.  They're unlikely to do so, since it
costs money, unless some very popular BBS's can also be upgraded to do
it -- standard commercial chicken/egg problem which free source code
On the BBS side, I've heard the idea of freeing the Fido source code
as copylefted code.  That would make it easy to add things like login
session encryption for the modem users.

@_date: 1992-10-23 00:28:19
@_author: e.g. under a court order 
@_subject: Re: Keystone 
Far too simple.  Suppose the provider is a BBS operator who *knows* what
their users are passing through the system?  Suppose the provider has
keys to the encrypted communications?  Suppose those keys are only to be
used under duress (e.g. under a court order)?  Suppose the provider
is a parent and the user is their teenage daughter?  Suppose the
encryption is easily breakable?
The principle you are looking for is that if the service provider has
no *control* over the content, then they should have no *liability*
for it either.  The courts are gradually making that happen.  But
control relates directly to the specific facts of the particular case --
not whether encryption is in use.
The case law on liability for content is gradually being made.  So
far, no particularly horrible precedents have been set (I don't think
there are precedents yet in the arrest-the-record-store-owner-for-rap-
records-the-cops-don't-like issue).  In a good decision, Compuserve
was let off the hook for a message sent by someone who Compuserve even
paid to moderate a corner of their service -- because Compuserve
didn't control the content of that corner.
I realize that this group has a tendency toward extremism, but let's
temper that with a bit of wisdom, too.

@_date: 1992-10-27 00:24:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Registering Keys with Big Brother 
Arthur Abrahams incisively notes:
There is no need for sampling of messages.  You don't understand the
theory of power.  Simply make the penalty for encryption without registry,
larger than the penalty for any other crime.  Then no crime can be hidden
behind it.  It's like getting Al Capone for income tax evasion; if you
investigate someone and they are enforcing privacy on their communications,
you can put them in jail for life for that, and can stop worrying about the
original suspected offense.

@_date: 1992-10-27 19:17:46
@_author: secure phones 
@_subject: Re: D-H telnet protocol 
The project as I plan it, would require no administration on the part
of users.  Install and forget.  If you add authentication, then
end-users have keys to deal with, on an ongoing basis.
As I said before, you're free to take what I come up with and add
authentication.  But stop berating me in public for doing something
to further the use of cryptography.
You have made two bad assumptions here.  I do not intend to violate
any patents, nor do I intend to steal code from PGP.  I'll be glad to
talk in private about what is happening, but it is not ready for
public discussion yet.
This is not true.  I have a preprint of a paper by Whit Diffie that
explains how to weave D-H and RSA together so that you can't accept
the authentication but be spoofed on the key exchange, or vice verse.
It starts with a simple protocol as described above.  Known attacks
are explained and the protocol is modified to deal with them.  The
result is now in use in commercial products (secure phones).  It's not
as simple as it looks.

@_date: 1992-11-13 11:04:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Rander box and other stuff 
If portability was a problem, the Mac would certainly be an answer.
Howabout actually trying to be Real Programmers and writing Real Software,
like the folks who did all the work that you are now benefiting from?
Instead of writing dead-end software that will only live on one platform?
I know it isn't the Macintosh Way, but you might learn something.
The last thing PGP needs is an installed base of Mac users who are
always stuck three revs back because they forked off their own wierd
version and couldn't upgrade when the rest of us do.

@_date: 1992-11-25 15:58:50
@_author: s 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Banking 
Please point out the law(s) that make it illegal.  Speculation is fine,
but let's do some informed speculation.

@_date: 1992-11-25 18:04:11
@_author: idea for widely accessible crypto technology 
@_subject: Re: RS232 Crypto Dongle (idea for widely accessible crypto technology) 
There's an implied assumption in the above that "we" and "commercial
manufacturers" are not the same people, and that if "we" could build
the cards "ourselves", then "we" could trust them.  But any of "us"
builds PCMCIA cards and offers them to "us" for sale, they will have
to satisfy "us" that "we" truly understand its level of security.
Enough pronouns?  The point is that we can't trust ourselves any more
than faceless manufacturers.  It's more likely the manufacturers won't
make some bonehead mistake that renders the system easy to break.  And,
as dramatized in "Sneakers", even the best people can be pressured by
the government if they or their loved ones are vulnerable.
John Draper was proposing to manufacture rs232 random number
generators -- would you buy a used random number from this man?  If
you could see its design, you might.  If not, probably not.
There's a tradition that security software has to be made available
in source form because the customers insist on it.  Let's continue this
trend and make sure it applies to hardware, too.

@_date: 1992-12-22 18:00:24
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Amtrak San Jose - San Diego for Usenix 
Costs $107 round trip, and takes about 14 hours each way.

@_date: 1992-12-30 23:52:29
@_author: Alan Ferrenberg, 404-542-8460 
@_subject: Random number generators 
Can someone get the paper(s) and/or talk to the researcher?  Does he
have any programs he can throw into the pot for generating or testing
random numbers?

@_date: 1993-01-15 09:36:17
@_author: SMCC 
@_subject: Whitfield Diffie gets award 
MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- January 13, 1993 -- Whitfield Diffie, 48, Distinguished Engineer at Sun Microsystems Computer Corporation (SMCC),
was recently awarded the degree of Doctor of Technical Sciences,
Honoris Causa, by the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology.  The award
was given for founding a new field of scientific research, public key
cryptography, which grew out of discoveries Diffie made at Stanford
University in 1975.
The Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, or ETH after the initials of
its German name, is one of the most prestigious technical universities
in the world.  It counts among its alumni some of the foremost
scientists of the 20th century, including Albert Einstein and John
VonNeuman.  Doctorates "by reason of honor" make up less than one tenth
of the total number of doctoral degrees awarded by the ETH.  They are
granted for major scientific or engineering achievements and are given
only after a nomination and review process taking two to three years.
In conventional cryptography, encrypting and decrypting messages were
inseparable; anyone who could create an encrypted message could also
read it and vice versa.  By separating these functions, public key
cryptography allows people to guarantee the privacy of conversations
with people they have never met before and to apply unforgeable
"digital signatures" to their messages.  In Diffie's words: it does
what signatures and envelopes do for ordinary mail.
At the time Diffie began his work in cryptography, he was one of only a
handful of people not employed by government intelligence agencies who
took a serious interest in the field.  Today, the International
Association for Cryptologic Research, of which he is one of the
founding directors, has hundreds of members from industry and academia
Diffie joined Sun in the summer of 1991 with the title of Distinguished
Engineer, although one of his inventions had already been used in the
company's security products since 1987.  In hiring Diffie, Sun
recognized both the rising importance of security in computer
communications and the critical role of cryptography in achieving that
security.  In the latest Sun(TM) Solaris(R) operating system, the original "secure RPC" has been improved, while more comprehensive applications of cryptography are planned for future versions of Sun Microsystems Computer Corporation (SMCC) is the world's leading
supplier of open client-server computing solutions. With headquarters
in Mountain View, Calif., SMCC is an operating company of Sun
Microsystems, Inc. Sun Microsystems, Sun Microsystems Computer Corp., Sun, the Sun logo,
are trademarks or registered trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Solaris is a registered trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc.

@_date: 1993-03-15 18:29:01
@_author: from Hamlet Act III Scene I 
@_subject: crypto poem 
PGP or not PGP      (from Hamlet Act III Scene I)
    --------------
PGP or not PGP - that is the question
Whether 'tis nobler in the mind to suffer
The slings and arrows of outrageous patents,
Or to take arms against a sea of lawyers,
And by encrypting end them?  To crypt, to sign
No more; and by a program to say we end
The patents and the export restrictions
That RSA is heir to - 'tis a consummation.
Devoutly to be wish'd.  To crypt, to sign.
To crypt - perchance to pem-code:  aye, there's the rub!
For in that test of wills what lawyers may come
When we have shuffled off this PGP business,
Must give us pause.  There's the respect
that makes calamity of such legal restrictions.
For who would bear the whips and scorns of Leavenworth
Th'patent systems wrong, the export laws worse,
The pangs of despis'd lawyers, the NSA's delay,
The insolence of Sternlight, and the spurns
That patient usage of PGP takes
When he himself might his quietus make
with PEM?  Who would this program bear,
To grunt and sweat under a weary system,
But that the dread of something after PEM
The undiscover'd country, from whose bourne
No cryptographer returns -- puzzles the will,
And makes us rather bear those ills we have
Than fly to others that we know not of?
Thus conscience does make cowards of us all,
And thus the native hue of resolution
Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of thought,
And enterprises of great pith and moment
With this regard their currents turn awry
And lose the name of action.
    - Apologies to Bill Shakespeare

@_date: 1993-04-04 17:56:05
@_author: MST 
@_subject: Problems with "high quality" random number generators, FYI 
Good sources of randomness are key to good cryptography.
    A recent Physical Review Letter [1] points out that serious problems
can arise in Monte Carlo computations due to subtle correlations in "high
quality" random number generators.  The quality of these number generators
was determined to be "good" because they passed a battery of tests for
randomness.  However, they produced erroneous results when used together
with the Wolff algorithm for cluster-flipping in a simulation of a 2
dimensional Ising model for which the results are known.  The author of
this Letter, Alan M. Ferrenburg of the University of Georgia, says that
an algorithm must be tested together with the random number generator
being used regardless of which tests the random number generator has
passed on its own.
    In another development, Shu Tezuka of IBM, Tokyo and Pierre L'Ecuyer
of the University of Montreal have proven that the Marsaglia-Zaman random
number generators are "essentially equivalent" to  linear congruential
methods [2].  (Linear congruential number generators produced better results
in Ferrenburg's simulations than random number generation algorithms
that are of higher quality, however.)
    [1]    Alan M. Ferrenburg, D.P. Landau, and Y. Joanna Wong,
           "Monte Carlo simulations: Hidden errors from 'good'
           random number generators", Phys. Rev. Lett., 69, pp.
           3382-4, 1992.
    [2]    Science News, v142, pg. 422, 1992.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-04-24 20:01:42
@_author: copy to tenney@netcom.com 
@_subject: Brainstorm results from today's meeting 
We brainstormed questions and issues resulting from Clinton's crypto policy
review and `Clipper' proposal.  Here's the raw results.
Cypherpunks, please read it over; clarify your own questions if they
didn't get transcribed correctly, and send me the updates (as Unix diffs
or context diffs) at:  gnu
I'll collate the changes, and repost this document to cypherpunks.
When we're happy with it, the group can disseminate it to sci.crypt, news media, or whoever else.
Cypherpunks brainstorm question list
(copy to tenney
Why is ATT the only one to find out early about this chip?
Why was it developed in secret?
Why not a competitive bid?
How much will it cost the taxpayers and the government to maintain
these two escrow agencies?
How much will escrow cost?
Who will pay for escrow?
what's the smallest number of people who could compromise this system
(in various configurations)?
What are the court, legislative, execute and wartime excuses for the
control of crypto?
Is emulation of clipper illegal?
Is reverse engineering illegal?
Is revealing algorithm (reverse engineered etc) illegal?
Consequences to the public if the algorithm or family key is revealed?
Does key escrow violate ED trade rules (the data protection aspects,
What's the protocol for generating keys?
How to regain privacy once a wiretap has been done?
Does a subpoena reveal earlier, recorded conversations?
How many people will know the family key?
Why hand out keys during a wiretap rather than give the cyphertext to
the escrow agency for decode?
What sort of escrow agencies have been considered?
Is it constitutional to delegate escrow to a private agency?
Is there a "separation of powers" issue?
How many people have access to the secret keys during generation?
Will smaller groups be able to establish their own escrow agencies?
How about privileged conversations (lawyer, doctor, clergy, client)?
Will the NSA claim that there is no alternative way to read messages
without the key(s)?
(How) will U.S. escrow rules have an affect on other crypto systems
like DigiCash?
Will US take subpoenas from foreign countries?
What protects US citizens fro foreign governments with violative laws?
What effect occurs for multinational companies?
Impact on intelligence gathering?
Can traffic analysis be done with serial number?
Will traffic analysis be done with serial number?
Will keys be shared with foreign intelligence organizations?
How many systems will there be to that can be used to decrypt?
Who will control them?
Would knowing the algorithms compromise security? If not, why not
publish them? If yes, what would be the effect of their discovery?
What protections do we have against blackmailing by escrow agents?
What about steaganography?
Will escrowed keys be shared with foreign intelligence organizations?
Will the make chips available now for reverse engineering?
Will it be illegal to encrypt before using clipper? How to enforce?
Will intelligence agencies be able to listen to the conversations they
are legally allowed to?
Will any decryption devices be made available to foreign intelligence
What's the lifetime flow of keys from manufacturer, to escrow, to
wiretap agencies?
What protects the keys at each stage?
Why the hurry?
Why no public evaluation before deployment?
Where will all the decryption devices be kept?
What was the policy-making procedure that was followed in producing
this plan?
Who owns/controls Mykotronix?
Is the key escrow process online of offline?
Where will all the decryption devices be?
Since Skipjack was developed with government funds, how much is
Mykotronix compensating the government for their monopoly?
How are keys generated?
Where are keys generated?
How many key generation places/devices will there be?
Who gave the government the right to listen in?
How to citizens supply input to the crypto process? How to find out
the status?
How much will it cost to get a registered key?
Does the government believe citizens have the right to use/sell crypto
systems of our own choice?
Is the review process classified?
Do we have access to the outcome? Why?
First and Fifth Amendment issues?
Why was the Legislature not involved?
Why was industry not involved?
What evidence supports the governments claimed need to break into our
What is it worth, breaking into our conversations?
How much cost should we bear?
What are the costs today of wiretaps?
Will we have to register to buy secure devices?
Will there be restriction on who can buy or sell them?
Are the escrowed keys tied to hardware or people?
Can we sell our clipper devices without re-registration?
Will Clipper be exportable?
Will individuals be able to take them overseas for personal use?
How long has this process been underway? Which agencies have been
involved? How long each?
Is Clipper only for voice, or data and other applications too?
Does it make sense to use Clipper for data storage?
Is Clipper intended to replace DES in all applications?
What scenarios dive the design of crypto policy?
What scenarios drive the design of Clipper?
What alternatives to Clipper have been considered?
How many successfully prosecuted terrorist cases have included wiretap
What is the expected useful lifetime of the Clipper technology?
During the useful life what percent of keys is expected to be
What other "family" members will be differentiated by different family
Have they filed an EIR on this?
Will it be possible to reuse a device which has been compromised?
What is the impact on society if the Clipper initiative doesn't
How can a citizen tell if a Clipper-equipped product has been
compromised by a prior tap?
Can the chips be built overseas?
Can they be imported?
Have any Clipper chips been introduced to use yet? Where are those
keys escrowed now?
What challenge process have the Clipper chips survived?
What's an appropriate challenge process for crypto systems?
Who are the people with access to all the work products to build the
chips -- masks, net lists, wafers, half-built wafers, reject wafers?
What are the mechanisms for destroying the work products?
What is the procedure when the family key is revealed?
How can the public be sure keys will only be revealed upon proper
How does a company qualify to manufacture Clipper chips? What does it
What environmental conditions will cause the chips programmed data to
be lost?
How does this (crypto) policy/process impact companies with existing
or future business in crypto?
How will backups of escrow agents be protected?
How many single points of failure are in the system?
Have war planners blessed the plan as acceptable risks during wartime?
What agencies have approved this plan? What agencies have DISapproved
this plan?
Given a single point of failure, what are the implications to national
What about Clipper chip second-source in case of inability to
What impact on the economy would a temporary or permanent problem in
Mykotronix have?
Is this system immune to spoofing?
Are Clipper-encrypted devices more susceptible to jamming than other
systems or plaintext?
Does escrow release allow spoofing that user?
Does family key allow any user to be spoofed?
To hear both sides of a conversation, do you need two keys and two
What kinds of protection is the government trying to  encourage?
Traffic analysis, Authenticity privacy, anonymity?
What is the question for which Clipper is the answer? What was it's
design goals?
How will leaks in the registration process or escrow process be
detected? (viz. leaks by SSA employees?)
How long will use remain voluntary?
Do citizens have the right to use any encryption system?
Do citizens have the right to research any encryption system?
Do non-citizens have the right to use/research encryption systems?
What agency will be responsible for auditing the escrow process or use
of revealed keys?
Is there civil or other liability for escrow agents who reveal keys
Will we get specifications of the Clipper interface so that we can
build our own encryption chips?
Will the chip transmit identifying info in the clear? As part of the
standard protocol? As an option?
Are users required to use the protocols as specified if they use the
chip in their products?
What does the government see as it's role in setting standards for
domestic cryptography?
How to restore security after a wiretap?
What is the numerical risk of the system being cracked within a year?
5 years? 10 years?
What is the risk of it's being cracked without the knowledge of the
Will government feel that it is legal to record encrypted
conversations without violated the subjects rights? (Because it is
What measures will the government use to promulgate this proposal?
Has government offered incentives to companies to encourage them to
adopt it?
How long will it take from warrant to obtain keys? (Fast response for
How will the number of revealed keys be limited? By law? Currently
less than 1000 wiretaps/year.)
Will Clipper chips be allowed or required in pay phones?
Is this proposed to be accompanied by changes to the phone systems as
the Digital Telephony proposal suggested?
Who bought Dorothy Denning and for how much?
Where does Dorothy Denning's funding come from?
If wiretappers record conversations how long will the be able to save
Is Clipper suitable for use in a national health care information
What are the national security implications of the availability of
unavailability of encryption?
What is the cost of alternative involving direct interception of voice
using microphones?
How will the other (non-search-warranted) person involved in a wiretap
be protected?
How does the government feel about a foreign company doing business in
the US and talking to their own governments?
How will encrypted cellular phone standards be determined? In a public
How will end-to-end encryption standards for phones be determined? How
will these be made interoperable?
What is the legal process required to tap a persons communications?
Then what further process is needed to decrypt intercepted
How will this scheme prevent criminals from circumventing the system?
(Buy a phone, use it only once, etc)
Does Clipper reveal the chip phone number it's receiving from, in
normal operation, like caller ID?
Can law enforcement ask for it's own keys (eg. in a sting operation?)
Can citizens query the escrow database for their own keys?
Can users determine their own chip number?
How does this interface with ISDN?
Does a warrant give access to all phones in the house (or other
warranted site)?
How will this jeopardize citizen's rights to anonymity in voting (and
electronic voting)?
Does this technology enable the same invasions as caller ID?
What is the procedure if a phone is stolen?
Why don't we develop a privacy policy rather than a policy on
What is the governments policy on privacy with respect to
What is the reaction from Data Protection Boards in other countries?
Can an individual ask whether or not that are being wiretapped? What
changes are recommended in those laws? What are they going to do about RSA patents on which they are
Will a search warrant cover a phone, a line, a person, or device, or
What is going to be done about "Clipper" trademark conflict?
Can you find the unit key of your own device?
What will be done about other patents being infringed?
What are the implications of swapping chips between devices?
How to government and private need for privacy differ?
Is it worth risking the privacy of 240 million citizens for 1000
wiretaps a year?
In what other areas can this technology be used (camcorders, FAX, etc)
How will clipper keep up with current advances in semiconductor speed,
given restrictions on who can build  them?
Who is Clipper for? Who benefits?
Is chip packaging part of security of the device, or is it all in the
fab? (eg. can it fit in any desirable package.)
How does technology and fab requirements affect  yield and price?
How will chips and devices be tested?
Are there "undocumented" test modes that might reveal properties of
the algorithm or programming?
How does current Clipper design relate to the designers previous
designs? (personal design style, libraries used, etc)
Could Clipper be integrated economically with a general purpose CPU?
What statistics will the chip main on-board? Who will get specs?
What info will Clipper subliminally transmit in messages?
How does the strength of Clipper compare to DES, RSA, or IDEA? How
does the efficiency compare?
Do you plan to monitor peoples movie choices selected via "video
dialtone" services?
Will there be a mechanism for particular people to keep their IDs out
of the database? (judges, law enforcement, etc)
Will the NSA or law enforcement use Clipper themselves? Will their
keys be escrowed in the same way?
If Clipper is not good enough for law enforcement etc why is it good
enough for private individuals?
What secondary uses (without serial numbers) will be made of the
escrow database? (ie. counts of families, where families were
sold/shipped, etc)
Will chip numbers be correlated with personal ID (soc sec number,
How will they ensure that further uses of the escrow data base be
prevented? (see census database misuses)
What happens if a (the?) Global Crypto Review policy says Clipper is a
bad design? What if it says that the government shouldn't be setting
crypto policy?
What is the implication of another company/country produces a
competing device?
Why is DES still not exportable?
What is the cost to commerce of export controls on crypto? Cost to
privacy? Cost to civil liberties? Cost to trust in government? Cost to
programs where crypto is ancillary (Prokey, Aldus Freehand, PKZIP,
etc) "Not for export outside US or Canada"
How would a non-escrowed-key crypto policy work?
How does export control of a work of art or literary work survive a
First Amendment challenge?
Can crypto source code be exported on paper, in a book, in human
readable form? Can the same code be exported as bits? As bar code?
Printed? What cryptographic systems can currently be cracked by the NSA? At
what cost?
How much has been spent on crypto research in the last 50 years?
How many fundamental mathematical breakthroughs have been made and
revealed? How many are still secret?
What is the cost to society of the secrecy?
Would disclosure of the Skipjack/Clipper process/method/algorithm
compromise it?
How will we find reputable independent cryptographers who are willing
to live within the limits imposed by getting a security clearance?
What tangible results have benefited society from the intelligence
community? Were they worth the cost?
Has the intelligence community ever prevented a nuclear war? A
terrorist attack affecting N (100,000?) people?
How does the security of ClipperPhones compare to STU-35's? The cost?
How many patent secrecy orders on crypto exist? Communications
Total number of patent secrecy orders are now in effect?
What is the expected incidence of finding encrypted material in
wiretaps without Clipper?
How many crypto documents been declassified and reclassified? Why?
By what authority did the NSA stop the phone encryption standard?
What is the proper role in NSA setting domestic cryptography
standards? ...policy?
How can NIST be made independent of the NSA influence in setting
domestic policy?
How does secrecy detract from America's global competitiveness?
What would be the international equivalent of "Clipper", allowing
international business and wiretapping by all the governments?
How many Clipper chips does the government expect one person to own?
Can a free society be founded upon a societal model that assumes no
ability to have truly private conversations?
Can strong cryptography be outlawed while keeping freedom of inquiry
and expression?
How does Clipper interrelate with ISDN?
Should the Federal government be allowed to accomplish with it's
commercial and publicity activities what is prohibited from doing with
it's enumerated powers?
Will Clipper allow banks to stop using DES?
If stored data can be encrypted with Clipper, can a warrant be
obtained to decrypt stored information? What procedural safeguard will
exist, like special requirements for wiretap requirements?
Under what conditions or protections can a person be forced to reveal
your keys? ...an escrow agency...?
How can freedom of conscience be preserved when there is no privacy?
Can Clipper be used for authentication? Can the government circumvent
this if so?
Are there different levels of protection for different types of data?
Why is Capstone chip just made known to the public?

@_date: 1993-05-10 17:54:30
@_author: Torbjorn Granlund 
@_subject: [Torbjorn Granlund: GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library] 
It might be interesting to compare the speed of this library with the
speed of the multiprecision code in RSAREF and in PGP.  May the fastest
library win!
------- Forwarded Message
Version 1.3 of the GNU Multiple Precision Arithmetic Library is now
available for anonymous ftp from prep.ai.mit.edu as /pub/gnu/gmp-1.3.tar.z.
The main differences between 1.2 and 1.3 are bug fixes and support for
64-bit machines.  There are also a couple of enhancements that affects the
speed of some operations.  There are no new user-visible functions in this
(There will be a new major version of this library in a not distant future.
That version, 2.0, will contain additions of new functions contributed from
other people.  It also has a documented low-level interface for really
time-critical applications.  I don't know exactly when it will be ready.)
These people (in alphabetical order) helped with testing of this release:
  Per Bothner   Bruno Haible   J.W.Hawtin-SE0
  Joachim Hollman   Phil Howard   Henrik Johansson   AOKI Kazumaro   Steve Linton   Alyson Reeves   Nils Rennebarth   Joachim Schimpf   Ken Weber Plus possibly somebody whose name I have lost.  Many other people have
contributed bug reports during the 1 1/2 years since the last release.
Thanks everybody!
[ Most GNU software is packed using the new `gzip' compression program.
  Source code is available on most sites distributing GNU software.
  For information on how to order GNU software on tape, floppy, or cd-rom,
  check the file etc/ORDERS in the GNU Emacs distribution or in GNUinfo/ORDERS
  on prep, or e-mail a request to: gnu
  By ordering tapes from the FSF you help us continue to develop more free
  software.  Media revenues are our primary source of support.  Donations to
  FSF are deductible on US tax returns.
  The above software will soon to be at these ftp sites as well.
  Please try them before prep.ai.mit.edu!   thanx -gnu
  cair.kaist.ac.kr:/pub/gnu
  unix.hensa.ac.uk:/pub/uunet/systems/gnu, src.doc.ic.ac.uk:/gnu,
  ftp.informatik.tu-muenchen.de, ftp.informatik.rwth-aachen.de:/pub/gnu,
  isy.liu.se, ftp.stacken.kth.se, ftp.luth.se:/pub/unix/gnu,
  nic.funet.fi:/pub/gnu, ugle.unit.no, ftp.win.tue.nl, ftp.denet.dk,
  ftp.eunet.ch, nic.switch.ch:/mirror/gnu, archive.eu.net
  ftp.kpc.com:/pub/mirror/gnu, ftp.cs.widener.edu, uxc.cso.uiuc.edu,
  col.hp.com:/mirrors/gnu, ftp.cs.columbia.edu:/archives/gnu/prep,
  gatekeeper.dec.com:/pub/GNU, ftp.uu.net:/systems/gnu
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-05-18 08:30:12
@_author: cash only 
@_subject: Ethernet 20th birthday retrospective at Sun 
This is slightly off-topic, but seeing the history of an important
networking technology may be interesting for Bay Area cypherpunks.
Apologies to the rest of the list.
         * please forward this announcement within the Bay area *
             * and post to any appropriate internal aliases *
                  Bay Area Computer History Perspectives
         "Ethernet 20th Birthday---Early History of the Ethernet"
                        A panel discussion with
          David Boggs, Ron Crane, Robert Metcalfe, and John Shoch
                        5:30 PM, Tuesday, May 25
                             Stanford Room
                        Sun Microsystems Bldg. 6
                               Mt. View
 May 22, 1973, was the birthday of the Ethernet. On that date, Bob Metcalfe
used the word Ethernet in a memo to describe a project previously known as the
Alto Aloha net. And Ethernet has been a major part of Local Area Networks
ever since. In this panel discussion, four of the most influential individuals
in the history of Ethernet will come together again, to look back at the situation and events of 20 years ago. Among other possible topics:
  - What were the initial goals? How did they change over time?
  - What were Ethernet's main competitors in 1973? Why didn't they succeed?
  - Why was the intial data transfer rate fixed at exactly 2.94 Mbit/sec? How     did it eventually get set at 10 Mbit/sec?
  - How did Intel and DEC get involved?   - How did Ethernet become a standard? Where there any compromises?
  - And a glimpse at the future of Ethernet today
 Topics such as these can suggest some of the value of learning from history.
The lessons can be useful right now, today, and also in the future. After you
take a look back into the past of the computer industry, you may look at your own work differently the very next day.
 Bay Area Computer History Perspectives is a series of programs organised by
Peter Nurkse and Jeanie Treichel, of Sun Microsystems, to explore and record
our local Bay area computer history. Programs are videotaped for the archives of The Computer Museum in Boston, which maintains collections on the history of the international computer industry.
 This program is open to the public and free of charge. Copies of the new ACM History of Electronic Computing poster, a full color timeline 5.5 feet long, will be available at the cost price of two dollars (cash only).
 After a summer break, the next program in this series will be on the ERMA project at Bank of America, on Sept. 28 (ERMA may have been the first major Bay area contribution to the history of computing). Suggestions for further programs are welcome, and can be faxed to Jeanie Treichel at 415/691-0756, or e-mailed to nurkse  If you are willing to appear on a panel, or can contact someone whom you suggest be included, that additional information would be very helpful.
 Directions to Sun Building 6 in Mt. View: take San Antonio Road North exit
from highway 101 in Mt. View. Go a block past the traffic lights intersection, and then

@_date: 1993-06-01 16:48:55
@_author: within days, I think 
@_subject: The new PEM release supports non-authoritarian certificates 
You can generate your own certificates using the new PEM code from TIS.
This, in some ways, models the PGP "web of trust" model.  At least
it's a lot closer than the original PEM "you trust us, we don't trust you"
They have also done something with the email address space, but I'm not
sure what.  Previously PEM required that you abandon your Internet
email address and use an X.400 based address in certificates and such.
More details will be available when the PEM release is out for FTP
(within days, I think).

@_date: 1993-06-14 18:09:45
@_author: NB 
@_subject: Kahn Sees On-Going Battle On Cryptography 06/14/93 
Newsgroups: clari.nb.general
PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., 1993 JUN 14 (NB) -- David Kahn,
author of "The Codebreakers", speaking at the Third CPSR
Cryptography Conference, told those assembled that he sees an on-
going battle between government and privacy advocates over personal
and business uses of cryptography.
Kahn began by saying "My thesis is that the growth of cryptography
follows the growth of communication. When there was little literacy,
writing itself was a form of cryptography"
"A great leap forward came in World War I -- the use of radio
brought the need for greater use of codes to insure the privacy of
messages. In the fall out after the war, the use of cipher machines
was attempted but this approach was not really practical until
computers came along," he added.
According to Khan, in recent times, interest in cryptography has
grown dramatically. "When the RSA algorithm was mentioned in
Scientific American, there were 5,000 requests for reprints of the
article; the story "Ultra Secret" about the breaking of the Germans'
code raised interest and threats such as computer "hackers", viruses
and cellular phone fraud raised additional interest in cryptography
and the protection of privacy," he said.
Kahn then moved to his Antithesis: "(The) Government wants to stop the
movement toward privacy. (The) Government wants to know about
criminal and terrorists. It tries to accomplish this objective
through such things as export controls and the Clipper & Capstone
chips," he told the audience.
"The Government sees its activity. not as an additional intrusion
into individual privacy. but as an attempt to maintain the present
state. However, the domain of individual rights has been expanding --
the Miranda warnings, abortion decisions and the more strident
avocation of privacy rights are examples of this trend," he said.
"The Government moves are trying to block the advance of privacy
rather than intrude into present rights. Export limits inhibits
business expansion," he added.
Kahn concluded: "Now we have to look for the synthesis. It's a
matter of "privacy is good" and "business profits are good" versus
"security is good." The question that must be answered is how to
balance these goods. Do we give up the first for the second?"
"The World Trade Center bombing shows that terrorism is here and is
a concern. Government wants to hold back technology. This can't be
done forever but can be done for a while. Government will argue that
the temporary holding back will save some lives and properties," he
In the question and answer period that followed, Bill Murray,
consultant to Deloite and Touche, commented: "When the government
wants us to give up the right to private communications, it must
show us the danger (that warrants it). If drug dealers and
terrorists are the problem, it should be demonstrated that drug
dealers and terrorists are abusing private communications."
In response to a Newsbytes question as to whether the triumph of the
expansion of privacy rights over government concerns was inevitable,
Kahn said: "Privacy is to powerful a force to be stopped. It will
eventually prevail."
Ross Stapleton, a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) analyst,
commented: "These changes in information may cause a rethinking of
the concept of national sovereignty. Governments have always have
tried to control the flow of information; with the new technology
and communications capabilities, they cannot. control it any
Murray said: "We cannot control it but we can criminalize it and
that would be a mistake. By criminalizing drugs, we have
destabilized society. There is so much illegal money from this
policy that courts, law enforcement departments and legislatures
have been corrupted."
Asked by Newsbytes if he saw illegal money growing if the government
tries to rein in the growth of cryptography or tries to make
wiretapping more pervasive, Murray said: "No, it's not analogous in
the money sense. But the criminalizing of anything without real
justification causes destabilization."
(Barbara E. McMullen & John F. McMullen/19930614/Press Contact:
David Banisar, Computer Professionals For Social Responsibility,
202-544-9240 (voice); 202-547-5481 (fax); banisar
on the Internet)
"Copyright 1993 by   (I have no idea who).
Reposted with permission from the ClariNet Electronic Newspaper newsgroup
clari.nb.general.  For more info on ClariNet, write to info or
phone 1-800-USE-NETS."

@_date: 1994-03-30 10:05:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Stanford,CA Clipper debate Wed 30Mar: Rotenberg vs. Asst US Atty 
Sorry for the late notice; I just found out today:
    ... I saw this notice at the law school yesterday ...
    "Encryption and digital communications:  law enforcement or privcacy?
    An Oxford-style depate with J. Kent Walker, Assistant US Attorney and     Coordinator, high-tech task force; and Marc Rotenberg, Wash. Director,     Computer Professionals for Social Responsibiltiy
    Wed. March 30 at 5:30  Stanford Law school room 290

@_date: 1994-07-13 11:11:01
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Final Call: USENIX Winter 1995 Technical Conference 
This would be a good conference to submit a paper for.  Our own Peter
Honeyman chairs the program committee, and David Chaum is also on the
committee.  All that's needed on Monday is an extended abstract, not a
real paper (yet).
the deadline is monday.  at the sound of the bell, please put your pens
down and submit your paper.
see  for further info.
                    Announcement and Call for Submissions
                    USENIX Winter 1995 Technical Conference
                              January 16-20, 1995
                            New Orleans, Louisiana
CALL FOR SUBMISSIONS The USENIX Winter 1995 Technical Conference in New Orleans will be the only
broad-theme USENIX conference in 1995.  The emphasis for the USENIX Winter
1995 Conference is on state-of-the-art practice and research in personal,
distributed, and enterprise computing.
We seek original and innovative papers about the architecture and performance
of modern computing systems.  We are especially interested to hear reports on
practical experiences with such systems.  Of particular interest are such
topics as:
*  privacy and cryptography
*  personal digital assistant applications
*  enterprise-scale computing
*  kernelized operating systems
*  user interface toolkits
*  standards-based computing environments
*  file systems and mass storage
*  nomadic and wireless computing
*  shared address spaces
DATE FOR REFEREED PAPER SUBMISSIONS
  Manuscripts or Extended Abstracts Due:              July 18, 1994
  Notification to Authors:                          August 31, 1994
  Camera-ready Papers Due:                        November 14, 1994
The USENIX conference, like most conferences and journals, requires that papers
not be submitted simultaneously to more than one conference or publication and
that submitted papers not be previously or subsequently  published elsewhere.
Papers accompanied by so-called "non-disclosure  agreement" forms are not
acceptable and will be returned to the author(s) unread.  All submissions are
held in the highest confidentiality prior to publication in the Proceedings,
both as a matter of policy and in accord with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976
(Title 17, U.S. Code, Section 102).
HOW TO SUBMIT A REFEREED PAPER
It is important that you contact the USENIX Association office to receive
detailed guidelines for submitting a paper to the refereed track of the
technical sessions; please telephone to +1-510-528-8649 or E-mail to
In addition, specific questions about submissions to the USENIX Winter 1995
Conference may be made to the program chair via E-mail at honey
The program committee will review full papers or extended abstracts.  An
extended abstract should be 5 manuscript pages (single-sided) or fewer in
length.  It should represent the paper in "short form."  Please include the
abstract as it will appear in the final paper.  If the full paper has been
completed, it may be submitted instead of an extended abstract.  Full papers
should be limited to 12 single-spaced pages.
Include references to establish that you are familiar with related work, and,
where possible, provide detailed performance data to establish that you have a
working implementation and measurement tools.
Every submission should include one additional page or separate E-mail message
*  the name of one of the authors, who will act as the contact for the program
   committee
*  contact's surface mail address, daytime and evening telephone numbers,
   E-mail address, and FAX number
*  an indication of which, if any, of the authors are full-time students
WHERE TO SEND SUBMISSIONS
Submit one copy of an extended abstract or full paper by July 18, 1994 via AT
LEAST TWO of the following methods
*  E-mail to winter95papers
*  FAX to +1 313 763 4434
*  Mail to:
        Winter 1995 USENIX
        CITI
        University of Michigan
        519 W. William
        Ann Arbor, MI  48103-4943
        U.S.A.
CASH PRIZES
Cash prizes will be awarded for the best paper at the conference and the best
paper by a full-time student.
CONFERENCE PROGRAM COMMITTEE
  Charles J. Antonelli        CITI, University of Michigan
  David Bachmann              IBM Austin
  David Chaum                 DigiCash b.v.
  Cecelia D'Oliviera          Information Systems, MIT
  Richard Draves              Microsoft Research
  Lori Grob                   Chorus Systemes
  Peter Honeyman (Chair)      CITI, University of Michigan
  John T. Kohl                Atria Software
  Greg Minshall               Novell, Inc.
  Douglas Orr                 Itinerant Hacker
  Noemi Paciorek              Horizon Research
  Phil Winterbottom           AT&T Bell Laboratories
CONFERENCE PROGRAM AND REGISTRATION INFORMATION
Materials containing all details of the technical sessions and tutorial
program, conference registration, hotel discounts, and airfare discount and
reservation information will be available at the end of September 1994.  If you wish to receive the registration materials, please contact:
     USENIX Conference Office
     22672 Lambert St., Suite 613
     Lake Forest, CA  USA  92630
     +1-714-588-8649, FAX: +1-714-588-9706
     E-mail: conference
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1994-11-30 03:09:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: The Market for Crypto--In Real Life 
Tim May ranted:
As Heinlein said, babies aren't too likely either.
I'm immediately looking for a contractor to work on documentation for
Cygnus Network Security, the Kerberos software.  Our goal is to create
a finished product.  A bunch of us dabblers already created the
company and got it to make money.  If you're interested, send me mail
at gnu and show me why you'd be good at it and how soon
you're available.  The writer who started the job ended up unable to
finish it for personal reasons.  It'll help a lot to be in Boston or
SF Bay Area since our Kerberos engineers who can explain what to write
are there.
I'm also "likely to" eventually need another crypto programmer,
contract or full time.  For this we don't have a burning need yet, but
talk to me if you might come available, and stay in touch.  General
programming wizardry on some platform is the basic requirement.  Not
mastery, not skill, not a degree.  Wizardry -- exceptional skill.
Interest and expertise in crypto technology, markets, and politics are
desirable.  Interest and expertise in the guts of compiler tools is
also desirable, since that's our other main business, and people swap
back and forth at times.
Yes, it's a job posting.  I just couldn't resist this followup to Tim.
And I suspect some of you might actually care to read job postings for
crypto jobs here; I would.
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
Can we talk in private?      			   Chairman, Crypto Committee
Not if the FBI and NSA have their way.   Electronic Frontier Foundation Board
Let's sell free crypto software.     Product Manager, Cygnus Network Security
