
@_date: 1992-09-22 12:17:43
@_author: Wednesdays at noon 
@_subject: Radio program on wiretaps and encryption:  Wednesday at noon 
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.privacy,alt.activism
The Telecommunications Radio Project at KPFA is producing a series of
thirteen hour-long radio programs on issues in communications.  The
first program is on the FBI's `Digital Telephony' e-z-wiretap proposal
and the politics of encryption.
The first half-hour will be an introduction and a panel discussion,
featuring Jim Bidzos of RSA Data Security; Jim Kalstrom, head of
investigative technology for the FBI; and me, representing the
Electronic Frontier Foundation.  You can phone in questions and comments
in the second half of the show.  The call-in number is:
This program will be broadcast live on Wed, September 23, at noon, on
these California stations:
These other stations will be picking up the broadcast, and probably transmitting it at a later time.  Phone the station to find
out when it's scheduled.
KMUD	Redway, California	KCBL	Sacramento, California
KPBS	San Diego, California	WMNF	Tampa, Florida
KSUI	Iowa City, Iowa		KSAI	Minneapolis, Minnesota
KSMU	Springfield, Missouri	WCPN	Cleveland, Ohio
WYSO	Yellow Springs, Ohio	WBAI	New York, New York
WXXI	Rochester, New York	WEOS	Geneva, New York
KRCL	Salt Lake City, Utah	KPBX	Spokane, Washington
KUOW	Seattle, Washington
If you are not with in reach of a station that is broadcasting the
Communications Revolution, please call your local station and pitch it
to the program director.  Have them call the Telecommincations Radio
Project at KPFA, at +1 510 848 6767 x263 or x264.
Future shows (Wednesdays at noon) will cover isses like how the concept
of libraries is changing; what information is availible to (and held
back from) the public; and electronic democracy where the voters can
feed back directly to goverment agencies or change the outcome of an
election via computer networks.
Please tune in, and phone in good questions.  See you in the airwaves!

@_date: 1992-11-28 23:56:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Detailed Scenario of Dongle Usage 
Yanek's scenario might have been great for 1980, but in 1993, if your
electronic mail doesn't come right down into the computer in front
of you, that you trust, I want to know why not.  It works this way
for millions of Internet users, AppleLink users, and users of "offline
edit" programs for MCI Mail, ATT Mail, compuserve, AOL, Prodigy, etc.
It's cheaper to buy computers these days than terminals!  Seriously!
PS: Don't tell the list -- we've had more than enough traffic
recently.  Tell *me* (gnu why you use your computer like a
terminal instead of like a computer.  I'll be gone for a week, so lack of speedy replies doesn't mean I'm not listening.

@_date: 1993-02-13 04:19:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [gnu@toad.com: Re: Technology Policy and Information Infrastructure ] 
Sound bites for Congress re technology policy and information infrastructure:
  *  Government investment invariably brings government control, which
     is harmful to the development of a communications medium in a free
     and open society.
  *  The Government seized control of telegraphy, radio, and television
     early in their development, and they have never had full First Amendment
     protection.
  *  Private, interactive electronic media involve Fourth and Fifth Amendment
     issues as well.
  *  The Executive Branch is already advocating broad wiretapping, and      banning of privacy technologies, and they don't even own the network.
     If the government owned the network, there'd be no stopping them.
  *  The risk of moving society into media where individual rights are
     regularly abridged is too great.  Economics is pushing us into
     individual electronic communication, regardless.
  *  If Congress truly believes in the Bill of Rights, it should get the
     hell out of the networking business and stay out of it.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-02-13 04:21:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [Re: Crypto Technology Policy] 
Vint, if your testimony will touch on "technology policy" as it relates to
cryptograpy policy, then here are a few more "sound bits":
  *  Privacy and authenticity technologies are key to reliable
     and trustworthy social and business interactions over networks.
  *  Current government policies actively prohibit and inhibit the
     research, design, manufacturing, sale, and use of these technologies.
  *  Taxpayers have been investing many billions of dollars per year
     in these technologies, in the NSA "black budget", but have seen no
     return on this investment.
  *  Current "cold war" policy should be turned on its head.  Privacy
     is one of the fundamental rights from which the Bill of Rights was
     derived.  Government policy should encourage privacy technologies.
     Government controls on cryptography should be completely removed.
  *  The taxpayer investment in privacy technologies should be returned to
     the taxpayers by declassifying NSA research and encouraging its
     widespread deployment to protect domestic civilian communications.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-03-26 00:52:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: there ain't no usenet "backbone" 
"Backbone" actually used to mean something, in the days when most of the
news moved cross-country and to Europe over dialed telephone calls.  It
meant that those sites that made the calls were paying big bucks and were
hard to replace.
At one point when the "backbone" wouldn't carry a newsgroup on drugs,
Brian Reid, Gordon Moffett and I created a nationwide "alt backbone"
that carried the alt newsgroups (including alt.drugs, the first).  The
alt backbone was needed for more than a year, til the creation of
alt.sex and its subsequent popularity caused a large proportion of the
net to pass alt groups around.
Nowadays when hundreds of sites on each coast have leased T1 lines
that all connect to each other (it's called the Internet), it's not a
big deal.  Any such site can manage a full news feed to any other such
site.  These sites can manage ten full news feeds if they want high
redundancy or fanout.  Even people with 56K leased lines (like
toad.com) have no trouble with multiple redundant feeds to get around
There is a single site `backbone' now -- uunet -- which has a stated policy of passing all traffic.  (Why not?  They get paid by the minute.)
It's still important for the thousands of UUCP sites, especially those
that are in the boonies, far from local Internet nodes.
The idea of the backbone needs to die.  Let's solve the real problems
and skip the strawmen.
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
  I agree it is a very good document, and I envy it - the country I live
  in doesn't have such a constitution.  I just wish you guys would _use_
  it.  Your assertion about "the freest country" fails because you don't
  - it would perhaps be true if the system would work according to the
  constitution.  But it does no good to have such a document just
  rotting away locked up somewhere, after even banning the material it's
  printed on.  				//Jyrki Kuoppala, jkp

@_date: 1993-05-25 08:46:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Steganography and Steganalysis 
Someone is probably doing steganography in netnews and/or mailing
lists right now!  (Besides cypherpunks, I mean.)  How would we find them?
Someone with a news feed and some CPU time and hacking time on their
hands could come up with some analysis tools that scan news or email
articles, looking for unusual patterns.  You can debug them on
something with a small flow, then gradually speed and smarten them up
to be able to run across the whole netnews flow (at multiple sites).
If nothing else, such a package would provide a way to winnow signal
from noise on Usenet, by tweaking the parameters until they kicked out a
reasonable number of messages per day.  E.g. "give me the ten messages
from rec.books that use the most varied vocabulary", or "locate C source
code with lots of comments for my friend who's learning C".
And, if some of us work on ways to hide information in the flow, and
others work on ways to locate and extract it, the two efforts will
complement each other.  Think of it as "quality assurance" or
"testing" for the information-hiding effort.  We certainly won't be
the only people looking!  So let's see what NSA, KGB, etc are finding...
Bill Tuthill's "hum" (humanities department support) package from
comp.sources may give you some ideas.  It's not 100% useful for this,
but it's there:
    A new package of programs for literary and linguistic computing is
    available, emphasizing the preparation of concordances and supporting
    documents.  Both keyword in context and keyword and line generators
    are provided, as well as exclusion routines, a reverse concordance
    module, formatting programs, a dictionary maker, and lemmatization
    facilities.  There are also word, character, and digraph frequency
    counting programs, word length tabulation routines, a cross reference
    generator, and other related utilities.  The programs are written in
    the C programming language, and implemented on several Version 7 Unix
    systems at Berkeley.
hum/Part01: v10i27:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part01/03
hum/Part02: v10i28:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part02/03
hum/Part03: v10i29:  Bull Tuthill's "hum" text concordance package, Part03/03
hum.pch:    v11i065:  Hum concordance package update kit
in ftp.uu.net:/usenet/comp.sources.unix/volume10 and volume11.
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
Creating freedom, rather than longer chains, bigger cages, better meals, . . .

@_date: 1993-06-21 03:08:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Patent libraries 
Here's some info about the Sunnyvale patent library.  You can walk-in
and do it all yourself, for free.  Bring a few rolls of dimes, since
they don't make change and their copiers don't have mag-cards.  Or,
you can put down a deposit and have them copy patents and mail or fax
them to you.  I've done it both ways.
It's on a back street, in an old elementary school complex.  A bit
hard to find.  Call for directions.  It's worth spending a day there
e.g. looking up crypto patents, if your days aren't in short supply.
I found the microcode to the 68000 in there, among other things.
Sunnyvale Patent Information Clearinghouse
1500 Partridge Avenue, Building 7
Sunnyvale, CA  94087
+1 408 730 7290  voice
+1 408 735 8762  fax
Sunnyvale Patent Information Clearinghouse has a complete set of US
patents and trademarks from number one to the present issue.  We
provide rapid document delivery at an affordable price.
Orders may be phoned in during office hours (M-F, 9-5) or faxed at
your convenience.
Patent copy charges are:
Regular charge --	$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, plus postage
24 hour turnaround
Express mail --		$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, handling fee $8.60,
same day service	plus express charge
(3pm cutoff)
Fax -- same day		$14.30 per patent, $1.60/page
Fax -- within 2 hours	$35.65 per patent, $1.60/page
Special pick-up		$3.55 per patent, 90c/page, handling fee $8.60 in person
DEPOSIT ACCOUNT SERVICE:  You must establish a deposit account before
receiving patent copies.  The minimum deposit is $75.  On your
letterhead stationary, submit names authorized to use the deposit
account.  Checks should be made payable to the City of Sunnyvale.
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
Creating freedom, rather than longer chains, bigger cages, better meals, . . .

@_date: 1993-08-05 23:28:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: My personal objection to NIST's DSS exclusive licensing proposal 
[I encourage you to file objections too.  They don't have to be eight
 pages long!  One page will do.]
John Gilmore
PO Box 170608
San Francisco, California, USA  94117
August 5, 1993
Michael R. Rubin
Active Chief Counsel for Technology
Room A-1111, Administration Building,
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20899
Phone: +1(301) 975-2803.
Fax: +1(301) 926-2569.
Dear Sir:
I am writing to provide written evidence and argument that the grant of
your prospective license for the Digital Signature Algorithm (DSA) to
Public Key Partners (PKP) would not be consistent with the requirements
of 35 U.S.C. 209 and 37 CFR 404.7.  I am also applying for a personal,
non-exclusive, sublicensable, and transferable license for the DSA.
I propose that instead of granting a license to PKP, the Government:
        Put its DSA technology into the public domain, and
        Standardize RSA as a digital signature algorithm.
In particular, the NIST proposal must meet the following criteria from
35 U.S.C. 209 (c)(1):
   (A) the interests of the Federal Government and the public will
   best be served by the proposed license, in view of the applicant's
   intentions, plans, and ability to bring the invention to practical
   application or otherwise promote the invention's utilization by
   the public;
I argue that interests of the Federal Government and the public
will best be served by my proposed approach to the problem.
The RSA cryptosystem was strongly considered as a digital signature
standard by NIST, and was reportedly rejected for two reasons:
The first objection is interesting; both DSA and RSA are now controlled
by patents, and both would require royalty payments by users in the
United States.  However, the RSA patents only apply in the United
States, so that the public (which includes all people on the Earth)
will be better served by standardizing on the algorithm that is
available for royalty-free use in other countries.  Also, the RSA
patent is royalty-free to the government, because it was invented with
government grants.  The patents which control the DSA are in force
worldwide, and the government does not have free use of the algorithm.
This gives a clear edge to the RSA algorithm.
Also, the patents controlling RSA will expire at least ten years
earlier than the DSA patent (if issued) and more than seven years
before the Schnorr patent which controls use of DSA.  In particular,
the RSA patent will expire on September 20, 2000, and all other patents
which control the use of RSA expire in 1997.  The Schnorr patent
expires on February 19, 2008, and the DSA patent would expire seventeen
years after it is issued, which has not occurred yet.
The traditional model of market acceptance of technology begins with a
long slow climb, requiring years, and only peaks after this momentum has
built up the proper infrastructure to support the technology.  At the
peak, many millions of people use the technology (in some cases, almost
everyone in society).  Digital signature technology has followed this
model, and is widely expected to reach millions of people within the
next five to ten years.
This is important for two reasons:
PKP is already licensing the RSA technology on terms similar to the
proposed DSA terms, and has promised non-discriminatory licensing if
RSA is standardized by NIST.
As for the second problem with standardizing on RSA, the objection
of the National Security Agency, there are two possible reasons:
This objection is completely specious.  NSA does not have a valid role
in setting domestic policy.  It is a secret agency, not accountable to
the public, and explicitly prohibited by statute from operating in the
United States or against United States citizens.  Its advice to NIST
under the Computer Security Act is restricted to be of a technical
nature, not straying onto questions of policy.  NIST is required to
give full weight to the interests of the public when deliberating on
standards.  Secret agencies whose policies oppose the public interest
have no weight in NIST's standardization process.
In fact, the standardization of identical technology for digital
signatures and for key exchange and other data encryption uses would be
a *good* decision.  This technology has already been implemented in
Lotus Notes and Privacy Enhanced Mail, and is well proven to be
acceptable to users, implementable by manufacturers, and without fault
as regards domestic encryption policy.  Tens of thousands of copies
of these products are in daily use without any impact on domestic
In this scenario, NSA has learned how to "break" RSA, either by factoring large composites, or by some other method.  The proper
response of the Government, in that case, is to publicize this
fact, in order to protect domestic communications.  Because if
NSA knows it, it's likely that opposing intelligence agencies also
know how to break RSA.  The United States is the most computerized
society, the most networked, the most communicative.  We have the
most to lose by having unsecured communications that we believe are
In addition, it's likely that the revelation of the NSA method of
breaking RSA would result in substantial progress in mathematics
in other areas besides cryptography, providing further benefit to the
Further reasons to standardize RSA rather than DSA:  The strengths and
weaknesses of the RSA algorithm are better understood by the technical
community.  More than ten years of research has gone into understanding
and implementing it.  The DSA has had much less research and thought
brought to bear on it.
A prominent cryptographer, Gustavus Simmons, alleges that the DSA
contains flaws which permit small amounts of secret information to be
conveyed in its digital signatures.  These flaws, which appear to have
been deliberately designed in, would permit the signing party to send
information to recipients of the signature, without the affected party
having any way to determine this.  For example, if a Government agency
provided a digital signature on a passport, it could secretly
communicate messages such as "this person should be searched at every
border crossing" or "this person is suspected of anti-American
leanings".  Such unproved `information' would not be tolerated by the
public if communicated on the face of the passport, but using the DSA,
an unscrupulous agency could use such suspicions to harass citizens
in the free exercise of their rights.
All of the above information should convince NIST that standardizing
the RSA technology and freeing the DSA technology would best serve the
interest of the Federal Government and the public, rather than granting
an exclusive license for the DSA technology to PKP.
The NIST proposal must also meet the following criterion from
35 U.S.C. 209 (c)(1):
   (B) the desired practical application has not been achieved, or is not
   likely expeditiously to be achieved, under any non-exclusive license
   which has been granted, or which may be granted, on the invention;
NIST's own experience with the Data Encryption Standard (DES) makes it
clear that releasing an encryption system for public use, without
assignment of exclusive rights to any organization, produces widespread
use within a short period of time.  The DES is clearly the premier
private-key encryption system in the country and in the world today.
It is used in every Automatic Teller Machine, in every bank, as well as
on the Fedwire interbank network.  A derivative algorithm is used in
the Unix password security system, which runs on more than a million
computers in daily use.  It is used in electronic mail privacy systems,
including Lotus Notes and the Privacy Enhanced Mail system for the
Internet.  It was used in secure telephones built by AT&T -- and in
fact the deployment there was too rapid for government comfort (the
FBI, NIST and NSA ended up rushing the Clipper/Skipjack program into
the public eye to prevent further deployment of telephones using this
algorithm.)  Whenever private-key encryption is used, DES is likely to
be there.  DES products are available worldwide from a large number of
chip, board, peripheral, system, and software vendors, providing data
rates ranging from very slow to a gigabit per second.
It is clear that the non-exclusive licensing of DES, as well as its
technical capability, was directly responsible for its widespread
adoption and use.  Had it been exclusively licensed, say to IBM, its
originator, it would not have enjoyed the wide use it has received.
IBM has built DES into products, but they did not sell well and capture
the market.  It was the innovative uses pioneered by others, who were
free to build on IBM's and NIST's standard without negotiations or
royalties, who produced the machines and software which has since
served large numbers of government users and the public.
The United States has a collection of programmers and cryptographers,
numbering in the hundreds, who have made significant contributions to
the development and deployment of cryptographic algorithms throughout
society.  I have seen at least ten different software implementations
of DES, freely available to everyone who wants them, including full
source code and commentary.  Each of these implementers was able to
study and build upon the work of the others, resulting in gradual
improvement of the speed and robustness of the implementations.  The
algorithm has been embedded into freely available software for
electronic mail (TIS-PEM and early PGP versions), computer network
security (Kerberos), clock synchronization (NTP), and networked voice
communications (VAT), just to name a few.  (Most of the work involved
in building these products was the software and infrastructure that was
built up AROUND the DES, by the way.)  If and when the DSA technology
is released for free use by the public, the same community will produce
widely available programs that employ it.
PKP may argue that the same development would occur, under its grant of
free noncommercial DSA licenses, but the point is that this
developement would occur WITHOUT granting an exclusive license to PKP.
And if this is true, then by statute, NIST cannot grant an exclusive
PKP may also argue that its ownership of the Schnorr patent would
prevent the development of noncommercial DSA products, unless it was
granted an exclusive license in return for allowing noncommercial use
of the Schnorr and DSA patents.  However, the record clearly shows that
even when a technology is patented (RSA, or Lempel-Ziv compression) and
when the patent owner does not have a policy of permitting
noncommercial use, the free software community will still produce
widely used programs (PGP and Compress) which produce great benefit for
the public and for the government.  These programs can be used
immediately by those willing to challenge the patent, or to whom the patent
does not apply, and can be used by everyone after the patent expires,
or if the patent owner's policy changes.
Furthermore, Public Key Partners is in the position of having paid a
lot of money for the Schnorr patent.  If the government doesn't
standardize DSA, and doesn't give PKP an exclusive DSA patent, then PKP
will have to CONVINCE people to use their expensive patent.  The
traditional way to do so is by licensing it cheaply and widely.  If
people end up wanting to use DSA even though it has not been
standardized, it's likely that a license for the Schnorr patent that
controls it will be available at a similar price to what PKP proposed
under the exclusive licensing scheme.  PKP has already granted
no-cost noncommercial licenses to other patents that it holds,
including the RSA patent, so it is certainly conceivable that it
would come to grant similar licenses for the Schnorr patent, for
the same reasons.
35 USC 209 (c)(1)(C) requires that exclusive or partially exclusive
licensing is "reasonable and necessary" to call forth capital to deploy
the invention.  The above discussion, particularly the DES evidence,
has shown that this condition does not hold.
35 USC 209 (c)(1)(D) requires that the proposed terms and scope of
exclusivity are not greater than reasonably necessary to bring the
invention to practical application.  The scope proposed by NIST is
exclusive to a single company for seventeen years.  My proposal is
partially exclusive to the same company for seven years, then would
eliminate the exclusivity completely.  The company has promised similar
terms for the licensing of the RSA patent, for that seven year period,
so the terms of the NIST proposal and my proposal are similar, though
the scope of exclusivity in mine is shorter.  My proposal continues to
provide the incentive for bringing the invention to practical
application, so condition (D) does not hold either.
The conditions in 35 USC 209 (c)(1) are joined with "and" and prefaced
with "only if"; failure to meet any one of the conditions denies the
agency the ability to issue an exclusive or partially exclusive
license.  All four conditions have failed to be met in this case, so
for NIST to grant an exclusive license to PKP would be unlawful.  The
public interest in this technology is substantial, and it is unlikely
that NIST would escape without being sued if it attempted to grant the
exclusive license anyway.  I myself contract for the full time of a
lawyer, who is currently engaged in suing the Federal Government for
its unlawful acts.  I believe that two such suits are currently in
process, against NSA and the Department of Justice.  I would not be
averse to adding NIST to the list.
In the event that NIST fails to follow my recommendation that the
DSA technology be made freely available to the public, I hereby request
a personal, non-exclusive license to practice it.  The information
required under 37 CFR 404.8 for such an applicant is:
John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-08-31 08:39:02
@_author: visgraph!root 
@_subject: Re: Help/Advice requested (fwd) 
[ ... ]
[ ... ]
Protect! EXE/COM 3.1 encrypt and still run .EXE's       Registration $ 25.00
SDN_UTIL AUG93 PROTECT EXE COM CRC SECURE ENCRYPT SCRAMBLE
FILES: PrExCm31.SDN
Author: Jeremy Lilley
        Protect! EXE/COM  is a  powerful  EXE/COM  protection utility which
        thoroughly encrypts  any EXE or  COM file  but still  allows  it to
        be run. And, files protected by  it make a full CRC INTEGRITY CHECK
        every time they are run.
        This NEW version fixes many bugs found in previous versions of this
        program such as an infamous screen bug in v.3.0. Additions are made
        to make this program to prevent  CRACKING, REVERSE ENGINEERING, and
        MODIFICATION even more.
        This program is one of the most powerful and cost-effecive solutions
        to problems with your programs' being modified by malicious hackers.
        With every other form of file security being nullified, Protect! has
        been renewed and can  now secure your  programs more than ever. What
        would you do  if somebody  were to  add a  TROJAN or 'MODIFY'  a few
        screens to a program of yours ?  Protect! can make this circumstance
        extremely unlikely for only $25. If a problem is detected, a message
        of your choice can be outputted to the user to tell the user exactly
        what to do.  Instead of burying your head in the sand,  get Protect!
        to protect your programming and software investment.
Requirements: DOS 2.0 or higher, IBM or compatible PC, 256k RAM, & any
              executable file  compression  utility  such  as   LZEXE,
              PKLite, Compack, Diet, or another program for compressing
              EXE files before they are scrambled and protected.
          [ .SDA Format is (c)Copyright 1993 The SDN Project ]
          [  SDN Authors-Only Info Line is 203-634-0370 USA  ]
If you need more information, I can give you the author's email address...

@_date: 1993-11-23 04:17:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EE Times Nov 22, p1: "US weighs Clipper chip alternatives" 
The story, by George Leopold, has some obvious errors [like the "fait
accompli"], but may have nuggets of new info.  I expecially like the
paragraph about the purpose of the encryption review.  It's half right:
the half about its purpose being to shove Clipper down our throats.  But
if they wanted to bring Congress and industry into the review process,
they should've run it declassified and in open meetings.
"The Clinton administration is readying a new encryption policy that
could help defuse industry opposition to introduction of the
government developed Clipper chip by embracing commercial technologies
as alternatives for network security, according to government and
industry sources.
"A National Security Council panel led by George Tenet [sic], special
presidential assistant for intelligence programs, is completing a
broad review of government encryption policy with an eye toward
employing the Clipper chip, as well as commercial alternatives, to
ensure privacy and security on public networks.  Those would include
the proposed electronic superhighway, or National Information
"Tenet could not be reached for comment on the review's status, but a
U.S. official said last week the results of the seven-month National
Security Council policy review will be announced soon.
"The Clipper chip, backed by the National Security Agency and proposed
by the Clinton administration in April as a new data-encryption
standard, is widely viewed by industry critics as a fait accompli,
since the spy agency wants to use it to protect intelligence data.
"Asked in an interview last Monday whether the policy review would
result in modification of the Clipper chip proposal, Michael Nelson,
special assistant for information technology in the White House Office
of Science and Technology Policy, acknowledged the need to consider
other encryption technologies for network security, including software
solutions.  He also said the government should have sought greater
industry participation before proposing the Clipper chip.
"Industry opposition to the Clipper resurfaced at a recent
government-industry technology summit in San Francisco (see Nov 8,
page 1).  During a panel on the NII, Nelson told angry company
executives that the Clinton administration would not impose Clipper on
industry or rule out alternative encryption technologies.
"``Clipper is not a silver bullet, it's not even a brass bullet,''
Nelson said.  ``It's only one approach.''
"He added, ``If we don't address these [network security] issues,
people won't use the NII.''
"Nelson said last week the National Security Council review was
designed to bring industry and Congress into the process of looking
for commercial solutions, besides Clipper, to the network-security
issue.  Industry groups said last week they have contributed to the
review, which began shortly after Clipper was proposed.  The review is
expected to result in a decision on how to implement Clipper.
"A decision on how to proceed with the Clipper proposal was scheduled
for Sept 1 but was delayed in response to a recommendation from a
private-sector advisory group to the Commerce Dpeartment."
"Acknowledging industry's concerns, the initiative also includes
creation of a key-escrow system to ensure the Clipper chip would be
used to protect privacy." ...
...  "Two key-escrow data banks would be overseen by a pair of
independent agencies designated by the Justice Department and the
White House.  A decision on which agencies will oversee the databases
has not been made, Commerce spokeswoman Anne Enright Shepherd said
last Wednesday."
"Clipper ``was forced upon [the Clinton administration] before they
had a chance to evaluate its impact,'' Bruce Heiman, a Washington
attorney representing the Business Software Alliance, said last
Tuesday.  ``NSA sold them a bill of goods.''
"The policy review means ``they realize that Clipper has problems...
but they don't want to rule it out entirely,'' Heiman said, adding
that industry would accept Clipper as one alternative to network
security only if it is part of a truly voluntary program that includes
public-key encryption."
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
  ``This committee has not tried to determine whether the National Security
  Agency tendency to advance exaggerated claims of authority ... stems from
  conscious policy or the actions of individual NSA employees.''
The Government's Classification of Private Ideas, House Report 96-1540, p. 67

@_date: 1993-12-30 02:22:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Revised Clipper FOIA results from Asst Secretary of Defense 
We sent in an administrative appeal on June 17th, 1993, of various
things that were withheld in the response to our FOIA request.  The
Office of the Secretary of Defense responded on December 21, 1993 --
six months later.  (By law, agencies have twenty business days to
respond to an administrative appeal.  However, agencies regularly
violate all FOIA time limits because the courts have largely refused to
censure agencies for breaking the law, and have refused to force
agencies to follow the law.  I will point this out each time it happens,
largely to educate you -- the general public -- about how pervasive a
problem this is.)
We did an administrative appeal of the parts they withheld and other
documents they did not provide.  The result is that one more doc came
out (a cover sheet for a review copy of the President's actual
directive, which is still classified and has been referred back to the
National Security Council for processing), and the previously withheld
paragraph of the last two memos below is now only blacked out for a sentence
or two.
The newly released text is highlighted with XXXX's and explanation.
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, DC  20301-3040
COMMAND CONTROL COMMUNICATIONS AND MEMORANDUM FOR MS. JOANN H. GRUBE, NSA REPRESENTATIVE/NSC PRD-27 EXPORT CONTROL WORKING GROUP
SUBJECT:  Comments on PRD-27/NSA Draft (U)
memorandum to Jim Lewis, Department of State:
XXXXXXXXXX blacked out via FOIA (b)(1) exemption. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
statements.  Recommend that the memorandum provide more empirical evidence to back up its assertions, and that the above comments be reflected in its contents.
CLASSIFIED BY:  OASD(C3I)/DIR, ISS
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC 20301-3040
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
30 APR 1993  (stamped)
MEMORANDUM FOR THE ACTING ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C3I)
(U)	Advances in telecommunications have created the
opportunity for public use of encryption to ensure the privacy and
integrity of business and personal communications.  These same
advances threaten the capabilities of law enforcement and national
security operations that intercept the communications of
narcotraffickers, organized criminals, terrorists, espionage agents
of foreign powers and SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in
diametric opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the
public's right to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited
public debate is likely.
(U)	In its simplest construct, this complex set of issues places
the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire for
safety.  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts and consequently prosper.  They propose that
cryptography be made available and required which contains a
"trapdoor" that would allow law enforcement and national security
officials, under proper supervision, to decrypt enciphered
communications.  Such cryptography exists, and while there are
many practical problems to be solved, this proposal is technically
possible to achieve.
(U)	Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a right
to and an expectation of privacy, that a trapdoor system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would
not work in any practical sense.  They assert that people who are
deliberately breaking much more serious laws would not hesitate to
use cryptography that does not have a trapdoor, and that secure
cryptography will inevitably be supplied by offshore companies.
Thus, freedom will be lost and many tax dollars spent to no effect.
(U)	This situation is complicated by the existence of other
interests.  For example, there currently exist strict controls on the
export of cryptography.  The computer industry points out that it
has one of the few remaining positive trade balances and that it is
vital that the dominance of the American computer industry in
world markets be preserved.  The industry fears that this will be
lost if offshore developers incorporate high-quality cryptography
into their products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or
suffers higher costs or delays due to requirements for export
licenses.  The industry argues persuasively that overseas markets
(much less drug lords or spies) will not look with favor on U.S.
products which have known trapdoors when offshore products
which do not have them are available.  In support of their
argument, they note that powerful public-key cryptography
developed and patented by RSA using U.S. tax dollars is free to
developers in Europe, subject to royalties in the United States, and
cannot be exported without expensive and time-late export
licenses.  These charges are true.
(U)	The national security community is especially interested in
preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  Actually, it is too late.
The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is already widely available
throughout the world in both hardware and software forms, and
DES software can be downloaded anywhere in the world from
public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a MODEM and a
telephone.  In one recent experiment it took three minutes and
fourteen seconds to locate a source-code version of DES on the
INTERNET.  Widespread availability of DES and RSA will enable
offshore developers to provide high-quality encipherment for voice
and data communications in competition with U.S. industry's
XXXX The entire paragraph that follows was originally withheld as XX
XXXX classified information.  We appealed the withholding, and XXXXX
XXXX most of the paragraph was released, with only one or two XXXXXX
XXXX sentences withheld at the bottom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  [(S) crossed out, replaced by] (U)  Trapdoor encryption technology is
not essential to the debate (a system that required the escrow of keys
by users of cryptographic technologies could be established even if
the trapdoor chips did not exist), proposed use of trapdoor technology
does raise a further complication: neither the academic community nor
private industry is comfortable with encryption algorithms that are
kept secret, as will be the case with the trapdoor chip.  It has been
suggested that an independent panel of cryptography experts will be
invited to evaluate the algorithm.  This will undoubtedly fail to
reassure the community at large that there are no unrecognized
vulneratilities, since the panel will be perceived as captive and
tainted.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX One or two sentences blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXX
(U)	Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
promises of Government purchases).  The Attorney General has
also been directed to create a system for escrow of key material.
The Secretary of Commerce has been directed to produce standards
based on the use of the trapdoor chip.
(U)	The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
(U)	The new administration is committed to the development of
an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement
and national security officials will be able to read at will traffic
passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public
debate is needed to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy, and the impact on public safety of
preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes
needed to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability
to perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC  20301-3040
May 3, 1993
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FROM:		CHARLES A. HAWKINS, JR., ACTING ASD(C3I)  (initialed C. Hxxx)
SUBJECT:	Advanced Telecommunications and Encryption (U)
PURPOSE:	INFORMATION
DISCUSSION:	(U)  In response to DEPSECDEF's tasking of
21 Apr 93 (TAB A) this information is provided.  Advances in
telecommunications have created the opportunity for public use of
encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of business and
personal communications.  These same advances threaten the
capabilities of law enforcement and national security operations that
intercept the communications of narcotraffickers, organized
criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers and a broad
range of SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric
opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's right
to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited public debate
is likely.
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use of
cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps and
other intercepts.  They propose that cryptography be made available
to the public which contains a "trapdoor" that would allow law
enforcement and national security officials, under proper
supervision, to decrypt enciphered communications.  Such
cryptography exists, and while there are many practical problems to
be solved, this proposal is technically possible to implement.
right to and expectation of privacy, that such a system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would not
work in any practical sense.  They assert that criminals and spies will
not hesitate to use secure cryptography supplied by offshore
companies.  Thus, the loss of privacy would outweigh any
advantages to law enforcement or national security.
few remaining positive trade balances and that it is vital that the
dominance of the American computer industry in world markets be
preserved.  The industry fears that this will be lost if offshore
developers incorporate high-quality cryptography into their products
while U.S. industry either cannot do so or suffers higher costs or
delays due to requirements for export licenses because of strict
controls of export of cryptography.  The industry argues persuasively
that overseas markets (much less drug lords or spies) will not look
with favor on U.S. products which have known trapdoors when
offshore products which do not have them are available.
CLASSIFIED BY:	DASD(CI&SCM)
DECLASSIFY ON:	OADR
in preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  This would increase the cost
of performing the SIGINT mission or decrease the amount of
intelligence, or both.  The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is
already widely available throughout the world in both hardware and
software forms, and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in
the world from public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a
MODEM, and a telephone.  Thus far, widespread availability has not
led to widespread use.  However, widespread availability of DES and
RSA will make it possible for offshore developers to provide high-
quality encipherment for voice and data communications in
competition with U.S. industry's products.
XXXX The entire paragraph that follows was originally withheld as XX
XXXX classified information.  We appealed the withholding, and XXXXX
XXXX most of the paragraph was released, with only one or two XXXXXX
XXXX sentences withheld at the bottom. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
  [(S) crossed out, replaced by] (U)  Trapdoor encryption technology is
not essential to the debate since a system that required the escrow of
keys by users of cryptographic technologies could be established even
if the trapdoor chips did not exist.  Proposed use of trapdoor
technology does raise a further complication: neither the academic
community nor private industry is comfortable with encryption
algorithms that are kept secret, as will be the case with the trapdoor
chip.  It has been suggested that an independent panel of cryptography
experts will be invited to evaluate the algorithm.  This will not
reassure the community at large that there are no unrecognized
vulneratilities, since the panel will be perceived as captive and
tainted.  XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
XXXX One or two sentences blacked out via FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXX
request that manufacturers of communications hardware use the
trapdoor chip.  The Attorney General has also been directed to create
a system for escrow of key material.  The Secretary of Commerce
has been directed to produce standards based on the use of the
trapdoor chip.  The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
of an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and
national security officials will be able to read at will traffic passing
along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public debate is
beginning which will ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens with
regard to their privacy and the impact on public safety of preserving
privacy at the expense of wiretapping and communications intercept
capabilities of law enforcement and national security personnel.  It is
not clear what the public will decide.  In the meantime, DoD has
trapdoor technology and the Government is proceeding with
development of the processes needed to apply that technology in
order to maintain the capability to perform licit intercept of
communications in support of law enforcement and national security.
Prepared by:  Dan Ryan/ODASD(CI & SCM)/x 41779/28 Apr 93/OSD

@_date: 1994-01-14 07:55:49
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Export request (CJR) filed for Kerberos Bones 
This is a Commodity Jurisdiction Request for the bones of the Kerberos
distribution.  This "Bones" distribution has the encryption stripped
out to make it exportable (we hope).  A CJR is a formal request to the
State Department for them to determine what kind of export license is
required for this item.
This request has been asigned case # 012-94.  The State Department has
15 working days to tell us whether the Bones are officially exportable
or not, and under what rules.  I'll post the results when they come in.
One of the games that the State Dept. and NSA play is to not reveal
exactly what is exportable, so that people will err on the side of
safety (and export fewer things with crypto in them).  By sharing
information among ourselves, we can find out what the real rules are.
This CJR was made using Lee Tien's CJR kit, available for FTP on
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support
1937 Landings Drive
Mt. View, CA  94043
+1 415 903 1418
+1 415 903 0122  fax
ATTN: Maj Gary Oncale - 15 Day CJ Request
U.S. Department of State
Office of Defense Trade Controls
PM/DTC SA-6 Room 200
1701 N. Fort Myer Drive
Arlington, VA  22209-3113
Fax +1 703 875 5845
ATTN: 15 Day CJ Request Coordinator
National Security Agency
P.O. Box 246
Annapolis Junction, MD  20701
This is a Commodity Jurisdiction Request for mass market software
with encryption capabilities.  The name of the software product is "Kerberos 900104 bones.tar.Z
patchlevel 6".
We have no DTC registration code.
We have reviewed and determined that the software, which is the subject
of the CJ request, meets paragraph 1 of the "Criteria for Determining
the Eligibility of A Mass Market Software Product for Expedited Handling."
A duplicate copy of this CJR has been sent to the 15 Day CJ Request
The software is an authentication system for networked computers.
It is a component of the MIT Athena project, which built various
software for automating the administration and operation of large
networks of computers.  The Kerberos software is undoubtedly familiar to your agency.
We believe that previous CJR's have been made on it, including
at least one from Digital Equipment Corporation.
The Kerberos system authenticates individual users in a network
environment.  It bases security on a `secret' which is shared between
a central Kerberos server and the user.  This secret is a
cryptographic key based on the user's password, with which the user
can prove who they are by being able to decrypt sealed messages from
the server.
After the user has authenticated herself to Kerberos, she can use
familiar Berkeley Unix network utilities such as rlogin, rcp, and rsh,
without having to present passwords to remote hosts and without having
to rely on insecure ``.rhosts'' files.  These utilities will work
without passwords only if the remote machine supports the Kerberos
protocols.  If not, the normal facilities will be used.
Kerberos provides the following benefits:
 * Security against outside attackers.
 * Security against inside attackers.
 * Convenience in a distributed workstation environment.
 * Augmentation of an existing security organization.
 * Standardized access control mechanisms.
I have enclosed a technical paper, "Kerberos: An Authentication
Service for Open Network Systems", from the 1988 Winter USENIX
Conference Proceedings.
This "Bones" version of the Kerberos software has been specially
prepared for export by removing the encryption routines and the calls
to the encryption routines.  We are submitting this CJ to confirm the
the official opinion of the Department of State on whether we require
a State Department and/or Commerce Department license to export this
ORIGIN OF COMMODITY
The item was originally designed for its current use.  It was created
as part of MIT's Project Athena in the 1980's.  It was designed for
commercial use without concern for military use.  An example of its
commercial use is in authenticating students who work from various
workstations on a campus, connected via local-area and wide-area
networks.  The item was developed with private funding.
The item is currently publicly available on the Internet via FTP (file
transfer protocol) from the machine athena-dist.mit.edu (18.71.0.38)
in directory /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/bones.tar.Z.  Its documentation
is available as /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/doc.tar.Z.aa and doc.tar.Z.ab.
We obtained the item and documentation from that location.
CURRENT USE
The current use of this item is to provide user authentication for computer
users in a network.  The software provides:
  *  a server which runs on a physically secured computer and which stores
     the password of each user
  *  library routines which establish communication between the server
     and other programs
  *  utility programs for administering the authentication system
  *  modified versions of readily available networking programs, which
     use the library routines for authentication, including:
The uses of the item have not changed significantly over time.
Most of the product market is commercial.
SPECIAL CHARACTERISTICS
There are no military standards or specifications that the item is
designed to meet.  There are no special characteristics of the item,
including no radiation-hardening, no ballistic protection, no hard
points, no TEMPEST capability, no thermal and no infrared signature
reduction capability, no surveillance, and no intelligence gathering
capability.  The item does not use image intensification tubes.  The
item originally used encryption algorithms for authentication, using
the DES (Data Encryption Standard), however these algorithms and the
calls to them have been removed to facilitate export approval.
OTHER INFORMATION
We recommend that this item and its technical documentation be
determined to be in the jurisdiction of the Commerce Department.  We
believe that it qualifies for the general license GTDA for General
Technical Data to All Destinations, because it qualifies as "publicly
available" and contains no encryption routines or hooks for
I have enclosed a technical paper, "Kerberos: An Authentication
Service for Open Network Systems", from the 1988 Winter USENIX
Conference Proceedings.
I have also enclosed the README file from the MIT directory
where we obtained the software, which describes what was done
to the software to make it more suitable for export.
If there are any technical questions, NSA has direct access to the
full source code and online documentation via the Internet.  The item
is currently publicly available on the Internet via FTP (file transfer
protocol) from the machine athena-dist.mit.edu (18.71.0.38) in
directory /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/bones.tar.Z.  Its documentation is
available as /pub/kerberos/dist/900104/doc.tar.Z.aa and doc.tar.Z.ab.
We obtained the item and documentation from that location.
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support

@_date: 1994-02-02 23:41:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Commodity Jurisdiction success for Kerberos Bones! 
(            )				United States Department of State
( State Dept )				Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
(    Logo    )				Office of Defense Trade Controls
(            )
In reply refer to			   Feb  1 1994
OTDC Case:  CJ-012-94
YOUR LETTER DATED:   January 13, 1994
REQUEST FOR COMMODITY JURISDICTION FOR:  "Kerberos 900104
bones.tar.Z patchlevel 6" software program
This commodity jurisdiction (CJ) request was referred to the Departments of Commerce and Defense for their review and
recommendations.  As a result, the Department of State has
determined that the referenced commodity falls under the licensing jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce.  Please consult that
agency's Office of Technology and Policy Analysis at (202) 482-4145
to determine their requirements prior to export.
Should you require further assistance on this matter, please contact
Maj. Gary Oncale at (703) 875-5655.
John Gilmore
Cygnus Support
1937 Landings Drive
Mt. View, CA 94043
Now, what does it mean that we got a Commodity Jurisdiction for the
Kerberos Bones?
It means that the State Department has formally excused itself from
worrying about us exporting the Bones.  If the Commerce Department lets
us do it, it's fine with the State Department.  Exporting the Bones
will not violate the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR).
(Doing so might still violate other laws -- the State Dept has
expressed no opinion on that.)
This is no surprise, since the Kerberos Bones were deliberately
emasculated to remove anything that might cause the State Department or
the NSA to get upset.  The letter just confirms that that effort was a
I will do a formal check with the Commerce Department, as suggested in
the State Department letter.  My current understanding is that under
Commerce rules (the Export Administration Act), publicly available
software can be exported to any destination.
In particular, I believe this means that there's nothing to fear from
putting up the Bones for ordinary FTP.  (There's a serious First
Amendment issue being debated, over whether export control laws can
prevent you from publishing software via FTP at all -- but even the
most paranoid should now figure it's not an issue for the Bones.)
I encourage people and companies who are interested in export issues
to submit a commodity jurisdiction request for some software that you
want to export, and go through the process.  In public.  The State
Department and NSA don't publish their guidelines for what is exportable
and what isn't, so the only way we-the-public are going to find out
is by asking, and then telling each other.
I've set up an FTP archive of such information on
ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export.  It includes `cjr.kit', which is the
info you need to file your own CJ Requests, and three files regarding
Commerce Department licensing.  `commerce.gtda.license.faq' in
particular is a FAQ from the Commerce Department about when the General
license for Technical Data to All destinations lets you export without
any paperwork.

@_date: 1994-03-07 13:23:50
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Welcome to the foia-keys announcement list; request update 
You expressed interest in my FOIA request for the Clipper key database.
Here's a minor update on the request.
We send all our FOIA requests by registered mail, return reciept
requested.  According to the Post Office, NIST received our request on
28 Feb 94.  This means that their response is due ten or twenty
business days after that day.
Based on experience, we believe that an actual timely response is
unlikely; the government doesn't feel an obligation to follow the law.
However, I encourage you to call or write NIST's FOIA officer (Karl
Bell, Deputy Director of Administration, NIST, Building 101,
Gaithersburg, Maryland) to indicate your interest in both the content
and the timeliness of his response.

@_date: 1994-09-21 16:21:24
@_author: DES 
@_subject: Encryption standards & procedures legislation 
The House Committee on Science, Space & Technology is thinking about
legislation that would lay down the rules for the Federal Government
with respect to encryption standards.  On July 13, they released
a draft bill, which hasn't been introduced as legislation; they are just
passing it around for comment.  The draft bill is available at ftp://ftp.eff.org/pub/EFF/Legislation/
Bills_by_name/encryption_standards_procedures_94_bill.draft.  The draft
has both good and bad ideas in it.
But I'm writing to you to ask for ideas on what the RIGHT bill would
be.  Perhaps there should be no legislation about this at all.
Perhaps there should be tight controls on encryption standards.  There
are a myriad of possible positions and side issues, like how would you
enforce such a bill?  What rights of public input and information
should there be?  How can the public prevent a rerun of Clipper, in
which all the public input was accepted but ignored?  What standards
should the encryption algorithms themselves meet?  Should these
standards be mandatory for the federal govt?  States?  Banks?  The
public?  Simply guidelines for voluntary use?  Should anyone be liable
if a standard, relied upon, is broken?  Was known to be broken when
proposed?  If keys were released which violate someone's rights?  If
keys were stolen through inadequate security?  Should there be tight
procedures for escrowed encryption standards, but fewer controls on
non-escrowed standards?  What level of risk is acceptable in producing
encryption standards?  Should standards always be public, or can they
be trade secret and/or classified?  Must they be public domain, or can
they be proprietary?  Can NSA control a standard, or should some other
agency?  Should the people at NSA working on standards for
non-classified use be available to the FOIA process, or can they
remain behind the NSA's FOIA shield law?  Must standardized encryption
be exportable?  Can export controls be based on non-public standards
like RC2?  Can a standard be adopted over the objection of NSA?  Can a
standard be adopted which increases the privacy, security, or
accountability of the public even though it decreases the NSA's or
FBI's ability to wiretap?  Etc.
Encryption standards range from algorithms (DES), to protocols (Secure
IP, digital cash), to verification criteria (DES validation), to
procedural issues (Clipper key access, creation and programming of
Clipper chips).  I've probably forgotten a few.
So, please don't take the current draft as a starting point.  Tell me
what you think the legislation OUGHT to cover, and why.  EFF will be
talking to the committee over the next weeks and years.  You can too,
if you want; Tony Clark is the staff member who released the draft.
I'm more interested in ideas -- "what might we be forgetting" -- than
in detailed legislative language or anything like that.
Thanks!  The brainstorming that the net and the Cypherpunks did about
Clipper issues raised issues that continue to be troublesome and
useful.  I'm hoping that we can do a similar job for issues related to
encryption standards in general.  Feel free to forward this message to
other interested parties.
I recommend sending ideas directly to me (gnu I will
summarize the results.  CC to cypherpunks sci.crypt, RISKS,
or elsewhere, if you think it's worthwhile for the larger community to
discuss your suggestions in detail rather than as part of discussing
and elaborating the resulting summary of issues.

@_date: 1995-01-01 18:55:23
@_author: hardback issued in 1993 
@_subject: Book review: Codebreakers, the Inside Story of Bletchley Park 
This is NOT David Kahn's excellent book "The Codebreakers".  This is a
British volume full of personal stories of thirty people who worked at
Bletchley Park or at British code-breaking in the field during WW2.
I found it a very touching and personal book.  Each person tells their
own story in a five- or six-page essay, and the stories cover a whole
range of activities, from cryptanalytical work to typing-and-filing
to the people who constructed and maintained the physical buildings.
As the introduction says, "...few of the events described here were
chronicled at the time, and those who worked at Bletchley and its
outstations were forbidden to talk or write about it -- almost to
remember it.  The compiling of this book has rested almost entirely on
personal memories; and that is unusual in an account which pretends to
any sort of accuracy.  Moreover, nobody who worked at Bletchley can
now be under 65; several contributors are in their mid-80s.  For all
of us clear and accurate recollection of highly specialized Top Secret
facts across fifty years has been a demanding task, requiring much
There are lots of details about how real live wartime code-breaking
worked fifty years ago -- details I have seen nowhere else.  I
recommend this book to any cypherpunk.
Codebreakers: the inside story of Bletchley Park.  ed. by Francis
Harry Hinsley and Alan Stripp.  Oxford, England: Oxford University
Press, 1994 (hardback issued in 1993).  ISBN 0-19-285304-X.  US$13.95,
at my local bookstore.
John Gilmore                gnu  --  gnu  --  gnu
 A well-regulated intelligentsia, being necessary to the security of a free
 State, the right of the people to keep and bear books, shall not be infringed.

@_date: 1995-07-13 16:50:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF analysis: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act (S.974) 
*****  FEEL FREE TO DISTRIBUTE WIDELY  *****
On June 27, Senator Grassley (R-Iowa) introduced the Anti-Electronic
Racketeering Act, S.974.  The bill was designed "to prohibit certain acts
involving the use of computers in the furtherance of crimes, and for other
purposes."  Its immediate effect, among other things, would be to
criminalize the posting of any encryption software on any computer network
that foreign nationals can access (in other words, any computer network
period).  Because of poor wording, the bill would probably also criminalize
data compression and other non-cryptographic encoding schemes available on networks.  This includes the compression used in most of the images on Internet user's WWW homepages, not to mention uu and binhex encoding for transferring binary files via email, and even language encoding used to represent non-English characters, such as the SJIS scheme for representing
Japanese characters.
In addition, the bill seems to be directed at undermining two big fights
we've successfully waged in the past:  the Steve Jackson Games decision
against the United States Secret Service and the government's Clipper Chip
Re:  Steve Jackson Games -- this bill would permit the government to avoid
the notice requirements of the Privacy Protection Act if "there is reason
to believe that the immediate seizure of such materials is necessary to
prevent the destruction or altercation [very Freudian sic!] of such
documents."  Furthermore, the government could use electronic evidence
seized that had not been particularly described in a warrant if "the seizure is incidental to an otherwise valid seizure, and the
government officer or employee-
   ''(A) was not aware that work product material was among the data seized;
   ''(B) upon actual discovery of the existence of work product materials, the
government officer or employee took reasonable steps to protect the privacy
interests recognized by this section, including-
   ''(i) using utility software to seek and identify electronically stored data
that may be commingled or combined with non-work product material; and
   ''(ii) upon actual identification of such material, taking reasonable steps
to protect the privacy of the material, including seeking a search warrant."  Re:  Clipper Chip -- The bill would make it a crime "to distribute computer
software that encodes or encrypts electronic or digital communications to
computer networks that the person distributing the software knows or
reasonably should know, is accessible to foreign nationals and foreign
governments, regardless of whether such software has been designated as
nonexportable."  However, there is an exception:  "It shall be an
affirmative defense to prosecution under this section that the software at
issue used a universal decoding device or program that was provided to the
Department of Justice prior to the distribution."  This is essentially an
attempt to sneak the key "escrow" provisions of the Clipper scheme in
through a legislative back door.
Fortunately, the bill does not have a very promising future.  The bill has
no co-sponsors.  It was immediately referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, where it currently sits.  LEXIS's bill tracking report only
gives it a 10% chance of passing out of the committee.
I thought Senator Grassley's own statement when he introduced the bill is
worth reading, so I'm attaching it here.  My favorite line is "Elliott Ness
needs to meet the Internet."  This is especially ironic in light of recent comparisons of hysteria about "dangerous" material on the internet, and The bill itself follows.

@_date: 1995-07-13 18:47:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SunFlash 79.05: SunScreen and Java Questions & Answers 
[Note the export related stuff, and the 40-bit RC2 & RC4.  But also note
"An International version will be available early in 1996".    --gnu]
SunFlash 79.05
                 SunScreen and Java Questions & Answers
July  1995         John J. McLaughlin, Editor/Publisher    flash
     SunScreen is a Product Line comprised of enabling products/solutions
     for doing business transactions on the Internet and other public
     networks. The first product offering in the SunScreen Product Line is
     the SPF-100, a completely new network security device. SPF-100 is a
     dedicated, turnkey solution designed to be network undetectable.
     Shipped pre-configured, SPF- 100 is based on state-of-the-art packet
     screening integrated with encryption to provide private and
     authenticated communications on public networks.
     Several questions about the Java language and the HotJava browser are
     also addressed.

@_date: 1995-07-14 18:50:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: IEEE P1363 (public key crypto) standards meeting after Crypto 
Even if you aren't going to Crypto, there are draft standards
documents, etc, FTP-able.  See below.  I haven't read them yet.
  IEEE P1363: Standard for RSA, Diffie-Hellman and Related
                   Public-Key Cryptography
                       MEETING NOTICE
            Thursday, August 31, 1995, 1:00-6:00pm
            Friday, September 1, 1995, 9:00-6:00pm
         University of California, Santa Barbara, CA
This meeting of the P1363 working group, open to the public,
will focus on the editing of a draft standard for RSA,
Diffie-Hellman and other public-key cryptography. The
meeting follows the CRYPTO '95 conference, held August 27-31
at the same location.
    1. Approval of Agenda
    2. Approval of Minutes from May Meeting
    3. Officers' Reports
    4. Update on Patent Issues
    5. Proposals for New Sections
    6. Meeting Schedule
    7. Editorial Work (schedule to be determined based
       on availability of draft material)
    8. New Work Assignments
Depending on the amount of editorial work, the meeting may
end sooner than 6:00pm Friday.
If you'd like to participate, contact Burt Kaliski, the
working group's chair, at RSA Laboratories, 100 Marine
Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065. Phone: (415) 595-7703, FAX:
(415) 595-4126, E-mail: burt
Draft sections and copies of previous minutes are available
via anonymous ftp to ftp.rsa.com in the "pub/p1363"
directory. The working group's electronic mailing list is
; to join, send e-mail to
There will be a meeting fee, though the amount has not yet
been established, pending arrangements with the university.
It will also be possible for participants to arrange
accommodations at the university.
DIRECTIONS (excerpted from the CRYPTO announcement)
The campus is located approxmately two miles from the Santa
Barbara airport, which is served by several airlines,
including American, America West, United and US Air. All
major rental car agencies are also represented in Santa
Barbara, and AMTRAK has rail connections to San Francisco
from the north and Los Angeles from the south. Santa Barbara
is approximately 100 miles north of the Los Angeles airport,
and 350 miles south of San Francisco.
For more information on the CRYPTO '95 conference, contact
Stafford Tavares, the general chair, at (613) 545-2945 or

@_date: 1995-07-26 12:51:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: NRC panel wants questions for Law Enforcement on crypto policy 
I collated all the questions into a large ungainly message and sent it
to Herb Lin.  He has been after me to go back over it and make a more
useful set of questions, which I haven't done yet.  He says they are
meeting with the FBI in September and want to get questions to them in
August (incorporating our ideas).  I've promised him I will get him the
formatted list of questions by the end of next week.

@_date: 1995-07-27 11:05:16
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Allan Schiffman on SHTTP removing PGP support 
I asked Allan, who spoke on S-HTTP at a recent BayFF meeting, about
Its true, the most recent draft of the S-HTTP spec depreciated
(that is, dropped) support for PGP encapsulation.
Eric and I did this because we:
That doesn't mean "X.509 all the way" for S-HTTP, by a long shot. We
have publically committed (at the IETF WTS WG last week) to support
MOSS, with all its name forms and keying materials. The next draft of
the spec will detail how to do this, probably emphasizing the use of
new key management mechanisms made possible by Secure DNS.
For what its worth, I'm no fan of X.509, although I'm on record as a
believer in "multiply-rooted qualified hierarchical trust" (which
presumably classifies me as an "anal hierachy fan").

@_date: 1995-08-01 18:34:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NRC Panel, Law Enforcement questions 
This is more organized.  Let me know if you want any more work done on it.
POLITICAL PROCESS
It appears that law enforcement bureaucrats (such as Mr. Freeh) are
seizing on irrelevant publicity in order to push their agendas.  An
example is in using the Oklahoma bombing to lobby Congress for the
authority to limit the use of encryption (encryption played no part in
the Oklahoma bombing).  This makes the FBI/DoJ position look like it
can't actually support itself on the facts.  If the facts would
support you, why use irrelevant publicity INSTEAD of real facts?
Why does the FBI refuse to reveal its political manipulations on this issue
to the public?
Agent Kallstrom asked rhetorically at the Clipper debate held at the
New York City Bar Association if the audiance would want key escrow if
a daughter of theirs had been kidnapped to make a snuff pornographic
film.  Official Bureau records indicate that such films are at the
very least extremely rare and probably nonexistant. Why do Bureau
spokesmen use graphic description of non-existant crimes as a way of
whipping up public sentiment for key escrow?  Is it the opinion of the
bureau that Clipper would be of use in most kidnapping cases, given
that probable cause to issue a wiretap warrant would probably also be
sufficient to get a warrant to search the premises of the perpetrators
for the victim?  Does the Bureau feel that Agent Kallstrom's comment
was an appropriate way to conduct a reasoned discussion?
Give a precis of the top fifty violations of civil rights or the
political process by the FBI since 1950.  Rank them by magnitude of
the intrusion and by the number of people directly affected.  For
example, the FBI campaign against the Free Speech Movement's right to
speak and petition the government; the McCarthy era; the campaign
against CISPES; COINTELPRO; against civil rights organizations;
political assassination (e.g., Fred Hampton).
How did Mr. Hoover stay in power for his 40-year reign?  Be specific
about the threats that might have removed him from absolute leadership
of the FBI, and what steps he took to counteract these threats.
Detail all political figures, including everyone ever elected to
Congress, every President, every Cabinet-level officer, and every
judge at all levels, who have been subjected to wiretaps or any other
kind of covert surveillance by the FBI or any other agency in the
Executive Branch.  Estimate how many records of such surveillance have
been destroyed.
Detail all cases in which political figures were pressured,
threatened, blackmailed, or simply "informed" or "implied to" about
their covert surveillance.  What prompted these actions against
political figures, and what results did they have?
Why should we trust the FBI to "not listen in" when it has the
technical capability to do so, a history of having done so for reasons
inimical to democratic governance, and a bureacratic appetite for
power, money, and control?
What five things about your agency would the American public be most
surprised to learn?  Most pleased?  Most displeased?  What five things
about your agency would Congress be most surprised to learn?  The
Do the domestic LEAs (law enforcement agencies), or their agents,
monitor the various crypto/net security and TLA forums on the Net?  If
so, which and by what legal authority?
Do LEAs, or their agents, log the names of posters to the crypto/net
security and TLA forums?  If so, by what legal authority?
Do LEAs, or their agents, monitor non-governmental crypto/net security
wizards?  If so, who and by what legal authority?
Do LEAs use crypto/net security industry informers?  Names?
Do LEAs run stings in crypto/net security, among crypto/net security
zines, orgs, corps, manufacturers?  Targets, names, dates, locations?
Do LEAs have confidential crypto/net security-access agreements with
software and hardware corps.  Names?
Do LEAs run agents-provocateurs in crypto/net security?  Names,
Do LEAs, or their agents, sniff the Net for crypto -- periodically,
continually?  How, where, who?
Do LEAs, or their agents, sniff remailers?  Which?
Do LEAs, or their agents, run remailers?  Which?
Does Federal policy allow law enforcement agents to purport to run an anonymous remailer, e.g. as part of a sting operation?
LAW ENFORCEMENT POLICY
As the FBI sees it, describe the proper place and powers of a national
law enforcement organization in an open society, without regard to
today's laws, court decisions, or the Constitution.  If we were
forming a new country, and could make it up as we went along, what
national law enforcment structure and powers would contribute the most
to our society?
Rank in order of priority, according to agency policy:
In what order would your agency sacrifice each of these to pursue or
preserve another?  Give examples from actual cases wherever possible.
Does the FBI five-year FOIA backlog render it a secret national police
organization?  How can a law enforcement organization be answerable to
its citizens if they cannot determine what it is doing until five years
How does a law enforcement organization such as the FBI justify
breaking the law itself, by systematically withholding non-exempt
documents requested by citizens under the FOIA?
What effect have anti-drug efforts over the last 30 years had upon the
traditional roles of intelligence and law enforcement?
To what extent is drug trafficking considered of interest to intelligence
organizations?  Why?  Be specific.
Wiretaps can be used by the police to obtain both evidence and
intelligence.  By "evidence" I'm referring to information which can be
presented in a courtroom.  By "intelligence" I mean information which
is not presented in the courtroom, but which might be helpful to law
enforcement in other ways.  As citizens, our main protection against
illegal wiretaps is our ability to have improperly acquired evidence
thrown out of court.  What protection do we have from other illegal
wiretaps -- surveillance designed to gather intelligence, not
evidence?  Who oversees the police and the FBI to make sure that they
follow the rules?  How do we know that law enforcement people don't
use illegal wiretaps to go "fishing"?
What is the relationship between the FBI's campaign to limit or
eliminate the exclusionary rule and its campaign to increase its
technical capabilities for wiretapping?  It seems that the combination
of these initiatives would result in the FBI being able to perform and
`get away with' massive intrusions into personal privacy, for
illegitimate reasons, even if they were later judged to be in
violation of law or the constitution.
What is the FBI's opinion on the optimal level (from their point of
view) of wiretapping/surveilance if money were no object?  How many
wiretaps would the Bureau execute per year if it could do exactly
as it desired, without budgetary or court-imposed restraints?
What trends does the government foresee in the expected cost of
wiretaps in the future? Does the DoJ expect that the number of wiretaps and electronic
surveillances will go up if the cost (currently high) goes down?
What do the FBI and its ilk know about using tracking technologies
such as video cameras, road pricing sensors, and other alternatives to
conventional electronic surveillance?
What do the FBI and its ilk know about the use of mechanical aids to
wiretaps (such as voice recognition technology for keywords;
voiceprint recoginition to ID wanted suspects)?
Has your agency ever exchanged intelligence with governments of other
countries?  Specify.
Has your agency ever exchanged technology with governments of other
countries?  Specify.
Has your agency ever given non-public technology to a private corporation?
Specify.  How are the beneficiaries of such gifts selected?
How frequently has your agency provided non-public information to
private organizations (such as corporations)?  How frequently have you
refused to do so?  Who, when, where and why?  Does your agency expect
to serve private clients in the foreseeable future, either directly or
indirectly?  How is policy formed on this issue?  How are
beneficiaries selected?
The burgeoning of privatization of domestic "intelligence"-gathering
has blossomed as LEAs activities have been diminished and as foreign
targets for TLAs have been reduced.  As the need for their services
have dropped, ex-TLA-employees have moved to security, investigative
and "anti-terrorist" firms and public service organizations.  Knoll
Associates, Wackenhut, Kissinger Associates, say, or the welter of
organizations and firms in the tri-coastal, Great Lakes and DC-beltway
regions, often benefit from continuing close contact with former
colleagues who remain active in TLAs.  TLAs could easily pass
prohibited current intelligence to the domestic private market,
paralleling their use of front organizations internationally.  Today,
information on militia groups is being provided by private
organizations, sometimes in the same forum as the officials who cannot
admit to surveilling those targeted groups.  E.g. the Charlie Rose
Show from April, 1995, featuring James Fox (former NYC FBI SAIC).
Also, a NY Times piece on April 24, 1995 gives capsule descriptions of
several "right wing movement" sites and groups, and credits the
material to a mix of private and public organizations.  The
intelligence-gathering, tracking and surveilling of dissident groups,
of all persuasions, by private means -- for profit, for ideological or
for humanitarian reasons -- is a provocative, perhaps civil
liberties-threatening, development, a heritage of the national
security culture, wherein a large number of very able people and
techniques and knowledge and equipment and organization, seem to be
shifting inexorably to new markets of ready, frightened consumers.  As
your agency campaigns for more intrusive surveillance technology and
methods, what impact on society do you foresee as the people who know
these technologies and methods move into the private sector, where
there are fewer rules and easier ways to avoid being caught?
CIVIL RIGHTS
Does the FBI believe that citizens have the right to use whatever
encryption system(s) they desire to use?
Does the FBI believe that the FBI has the right to use whatever
encryption system(s) it desires to use?
Does the FBI believe that private citizens who have special needs or
duties to protect confidential or privileged information -- e.g.,
lawyers, doctors, psychologists, accountants, financial advisors,
bankers, security advisors -- have the right to use whatever
encryption system(s) they desire to use for their own legal, ethical,
or business reasons?
Does the FBI believe that ordinary private citizens who do not belong
to a privileged class have less of a right to use whatever encryption
system(s) they desire to use than do lawyers, doctors, accountants,
financial advisors, bankers, or security advisors?
Does the FBI believe that members of non-mainstream religious groups
or "cults" have the right to use whatever encryption system(s) they
desire to use in transmitting their religious or political beliefs?
Does the FBI believe that individuals who believe strongly in their
rights under the First and Second Amendments to the Constitution have
the right to use whatever encryption system(s) they desire to use?
If wiretap or surveillance is really illegal, then the info gleaned is
likely tainted.  The problem isn't that the rules don't prohibit agencies
from doing it.  The problem is that there isn't an effective mechanism
to detect cheating.  Suppose the FBI puts an illegal wiretap on
someone, and finds out that they're going to commit a crime.  When the
crime takes place, they're on the scene.  How did they know?  "An
anonymous tip", or simply that the officer happened to be there.  How
can you prove it was something different?  An illegal wiretap could be
used to get hints on where admissible evidence can be `independently'
gathered.  Or what if they don't find evidence of a crime, and they
leave the guy alone?  His privacy's been violated illegally.  I once
spoke with someone from INS who told me that random surveillance on
certain people is done.  He told me that there are lists of people who
get "dropped in on" from time to time, mostly people have had some
sort of drug problems with the police.  Other people might get on the
list by being friends with someone already on the list, with
"friendship" being determined by telco records.  So if you call
someone on the list often, you might end up there yourself.  How
should we protect society against LEA `cheating' in a
clipper/digital-telephony world?
I worked for several years lobbying at INS and DOJ on business
immigration issues, and INS is hardly the bastion of proper police
procedures... Not to mention the fact that aliens have fewer rights
than citizens of the US. INS gets away with a lot of illegal stuff
because on the whole the alien won't litigate the circumstances of
their being caught, because they're too busy fighting the deportation
itself... that is if they even bother to hire an atty.  Aliens in
exclusion proceedings don't even have the right to counsel and in both
exclusion and deportation the burden of proof lies not with the
prosecution, but the defense (guilty until proven innocent).  For
example, the first thing an alien gets in the deportation process is
the OSC, the Order to Show Cause why they shouldn't be
deported...which presumes that they're deportable.  INS gets away with
a lot of crap because there are several legal limbo zones at play.
How can we protect aliens and suspected aliens' civil rights if law
enforcement agencies are given broader powers to make illegal
In drug cases there is massive and flagrant fabrication of informants.
Judges have been winking at this for some time.  If they need an
"informant" they will pull some petty crook out of stir, and tell him
if he reads his lines right, they will let him go.  Sometimes the same
"informant" turns up in case after case, even though the cases have no
connection with each other.  Are these fabricated informants to cover
up illegal wiretaps?  Or is it 100% fabrication, such as cases where
someone is merely suspected rather than known (on the basis of
illegally obtained evidence) to have committed a crime?  How can this
be avoided if we give increased wiretapping powers?
The ACLU won a court case which forced the LAPD to stop political
surveillance of civilians.  This surveillance had been going on for
decades, it simply came out in the 80s.  The book "The Squad," by
Michael Milan, 1989 covers it.  Much of the material has also been
covered by Dave Emory in his radio broadcasts.  There's also a book
called something like "LA Secret Police" or "Los Angeles Secret
Police".  A newspaper article stated that, just before they were
required to destroy the files, the LAPD intelligence unit had given
copies of all the files to an ex-cop who now ran a private right wing
intelligence clearing house.  He put them all in a database and made
them available to other groups like the B'nai Brith.  That cop was
hunted down, and either was extradited or self-surrendered for trial.
The San Francisco Chronicle covered it pretty well.  This was "Western
Goals."  The Association of Chiefs of Police moved *its* files
offshore a few years back to avoid U.S. laws about such police data
bases.  If LEAs are given more power to invisibly search citizens,
legally or illegally, how would you prevent the information obtained
by ILLEGAL searches from being retained or passed into private hands?
Is caller ID blocking (*67) effective when calling the police?  Or can
the police determine the calling phone, location, or identity anyway?
On the other hand, in some states police have lobbied for the power to
provide fake Caller-ID on calls _from_ the PD.  They claimed it was
necessary to handle undercover investigations.  Why should police agencies
be given the power of anonymity when ordinary citizens cannot be trusted
with it?
MOTIVATION FOR ENCRYPTION CONTROL
Why does the FBI *really* want to control encryption?  It clearly has
nothing to do with terrorism.  The palpable fear among the citizens is
that it has a lot to do with social control, enforcement of narrow
morality, decreased civil rights, increased federal agency authority
and budget, and authoritarianism.
Why is the FBI so upset about encryption?  What real-world events have caused this upset?  Or is it a case of "we think it's coming so we are
starting the political machinations now"?
HISTORY - WIRETAPS AND ENCRYPTION
If a legal wiretap encounters encrypted communications, detail what
steps are taken to try to decrypt the communications.
Provide the details of all wiretap orders in which encryption was
encountered.  In which of them was encryption a problem for law
enforcement?  In what percentage of wiretap orders is encryption
encountered at all?
Detail all court cases in which encryption has made it harder to get a conviction (or in which the accused was not convicted).  What percentage
of total court cases do these represent?
Detail all investigations in which encryption has made it harder to file
charges (or in which charges were never filed).  What percentage of total
investigations do these represent?
Detail all illegal wiretaps known to your agency.  [This question
should be asked of the telephone companies, too -- right at the
company-president level.  Recall the way in which telegrams were
handed over to the NSA for *years* on the orders of the heads of the
telegraph companies...]
Summarize all wiretaps under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act.
How many, in what years, against what targets?  How many are fixed
permanent wiretaps (e.g. on the lines into an embassy), and how many
are temporary (e.g. against a suspected undercover foreign agent's residence or office)?  How many US citizens have been wiretapped
under FISA, for what length of time, and for what reasons?
I heard a rumor that the FISA court actually turned down a wiretap
request.  Provide full details.
Detail all wiretaps known to your agency which were authorized by
means OTHER THAN the FISA and which do not appear in the annually
reported wiretap statistics.  I.e.  who else has authorized the
placement of wiretaps, and for what purpose?
Are the alleged crimes for which encryption poses a law-enforcement
challenge victimless crimes, in which all parties to the alleged crime
were happy with the situation before the Law stepped in?  To what
extent does encryption pose a problem in settling real controversies
as opposed to government-mandated moral codes?
Has the FBI ever done a wiretap that encountered a Clipper chip?
Give details of what happened, if so.
Provide the details of all wiretap orders in which encryption was used but law enforcement was able to do its work anyway.
Detail all investigations in which encryption was used but charges were
filed anyway.
Detail all court cases in which encryption was used but the accused
_was_ convicted, or in which conviction failed for reasons other than
During the Digital Telephony bill debate, the Administration stated or
alluded that one reason the FBI needs total control of wiretapping is
the unreliability of telephone company personnel.  (I.e. -- "if we tap
Jimmy Big-Tuna Vinchenzo at the CO, his spies will tip him off..").
Provide specifics on exactly how many legal taps have been "blown" by
actions of telephone company employees.  Cite specifics on these
cases.  Name telephone company folks charged with obstruction of
justice in these cases.  {Talk is cheap; but to charge someone, they
need SOME hard facts...}
How many subpoenas for telephone billing records are made by Federal
law enforcement agencies each month?  Under what circumstances do LEAs
order the production of this information?  Give statistics on the
motivations for why these private records are being produced, e.g.
"50% fishing expedition, 22% the subject is in custody for a crime
(break down by which crimes), 5% the subject is suspected of a crime
(break down), 10% the subject is not suspected of a crime but there
may be evidence of someone else's crime in their phone records".
Describe other tools & technologies available to criminal
organizations that pose LE problems of similar magnitude to the
perceived problems with cryptography.  Describe how the FBI plans to
control & restrict those tools & technologies.
Describe tools & technologies available to criminal organizations that
do not pose significant LE problems.
FBI/NSA INTERACTIONS
Detail all interactions between the FBI and the NSA, two organizations
that in the ordinary course of business would have very litle to say to
each other.
In what ways have the FBI and NSA attempted to manipulate public
policy to increase their joint power?
Detail in what ways have the FBI and NSA cooperated in doing the
actual work of either agency (FBI: apprehending and prosecuting
criminals; NSA: intercepting foreign communications of diplomatic and
military interest)?
Detail in what ways the FBI and NSA have cooperated, which have not
been directly related to the direct job of each agency (as specified
It has been documented (by Bamford and others) that through the early 1980s,
the NSA intercepted domestic long-distance telephone traffic by means of
simple dishes, mounted alongside legitimate telephone-company microwave
receivers.  Now that most such long-distance links have been converted to
fiber-optics, is the NSA still able to intercept this traffic?  How?  How is the NSA affected by the passage of the Digital Telephony bill?  Did
the NSA play any role in the progress of this bill?  Will the expected
modifications to the telephone system have any uses to the NSA?  How?
What's the five-year -- 1995-2000 -- budget for all
crypto/net security ops?
LAW ENFORCEMENT SOURCES AND MONITORING
What are your agency's sources of information?  Which of these are
considered the most important, and for what reasons and purposes?
What is the current type and extent of your agency's monitoring of the
Internet?  What is the type and extent of your agency's monitoring of
other public communications media (i.e. radio, newspapers, etc.), both
here and abroad?  What sorts of intelligence come from these channels?
How will your agency's methods be changed by the advent of the GII?
How might your agency's mission be changed by the advent of the GII?
If strong encryption comes into widespread use within the U.S., which
of your sources would be compromised?  How much?  If strong encryption
is banned or controlled within the U.S., what new information would
become available?  What communications would remain unmonitorable?
Why?  Speculate out to five or ten years.
Science Fiction author Vernor Vinge once wrote, "Sufficiently advanced
communication is indistinguishable from noise."  Is this true?  How and to
what extent can encrypted communications be reliably distinguished from
other types of information or noise, both today and in the future?
What are the special challenges involved in compromising a key-escrowed
encryption system?  Has the NSA or any other intelligence agency, in the
U.S. or abroad, ever gone up against a key-escrowed system, or a system which
presented similar challenges and vulnerabilities?  With what results?  If
you were ordered to crack a clipper-like system, how would you proceed?
GOVERNMENT'S OWN USE OF ENCRYPTION
Are your agency's internal communications encrypted?  Are your agency's
communications with other agencies of the U.S. Government?  Other
governments?  Are these communications susceptible to subpoena?  How?
Are any of the internal communications of the U.S. Government encrypted?
Which, and using what methods?  Does your agency have the ability to monitor
or decipher these communications?  Does anyone?  What information can your
agency access concerning members of the U.S.  Government?  How has this
information been used?  How is it protected?
INTELLIGENCE POLICY
What is the strategic, tactical, economic or competitive value of
intelligence?  How is this value quantified and assessed?  I have been
told that a battlefield commander may profitably expend up to 75% of
his resources on the acquisition of data about an enemy.  How much of
a corporation's resources, for example, would be well spent on the
acquisition of various sorts of intelligence about potential
competitors and/or customers?  How much of a political candidate's
resources would be well spent on acquiring data about opposing
candidates and other organizations?  In the coming "information age",
how much of our society's total economic activity might we expect to
become devoted to snooping in general?
What is your agency's assessment of the surveillance and
crypto-analytic capabilities available to large corporations, both
inside and outside the U.S.?  What level of intelligence-gathering and
analysis capabilities might a large company be reasonably expected to
be able to acquire if competitive pressures were to dictate a strong
effort in that direction?
What are the most powerful possible uses of intelligence, past,
present and future?  What sorts of research has your agency done, or
is it currently doing, concerning possible future uses for
intelligence information?  Does your agency employ any psychologists?
Sociologists?  For what purposes?
THE FINAL QUESTION
What questions *should* we have asked you to recommend a good crypto
policy for the country?

@_date: 1995-08-14 12:24:33
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Are we forming the "social sector"?  FYIntrospection... 
Forwarded-by: sbb (Stewart Brand)
The discussion has assumed a familiar ring, as though the responsibilities
for and answers to cyberspace security lie in the usual two realms or
sectors: government or market, public or private.
Is that the only range of choice?  It pretty much has been for decades.
But I still say there is a new realm/sector emerging out there now, which,
for lack of a more acceptable term, amounts to what Drucker terms the
social sector.
        "the post-capitalist polity needs a 'third sector,' in addition
        to the two generally recognized ones, the 'private sector' of
        business and the 'public sector' of government.  It needs an
        autonomous social sector." (Drucker 1993)
Many Internet-related NGOs (like EFF) and individuals (like Zimmerman)
fall in this sector.  They aren't government or market; they are nonstate,
nonprofit actors.  And besides just having a lot to say about cyberspace
security issues, they have some roles to play--e.g., distribution of
encryption techniques, watchdog and warning activities.  For now, these
roles are minor.  But my guess is that they will get increasingly bigger,
probably in ways we do not yet foresee.
Whether their roles will soon be as significant as those of government and
market actors is less important than whether they are, and increasingly
will be, contributing something significant to the overall design mix.  My
presumption is that advanced societies develop mixes that distribute "the
solution" across various realms and their actors.
What I would like to know and discuss--and I ask you all--is what these
nonstate, nonprofit actors are doing at present that amounts to their
being part of the solution(s)?

@_date: 1995-08-26 01:26:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: John Walker releases encrypting Speak Freely/Netfone 
[John lives in Switzerland and renounced his US citizenship, so
there's no export issue...]
Forwarded-by: farber (David Farber)
I've just released to the public domain Release 5 of Speak Freely for
Windows and its Unix counterpart, Netfone for Sun and Silicon Graphics
workstations.  Assuming you have a fast enough connection to the
Internet (with reasonably consistent packet delivery time) and/or a
fast enough CPU to perform audio compression in real time, you can
talk to anybody on Earth connected to the Internet who's also running
the program.  The Windows and Unix versions have entirely different
user interfaces, but can intercommunicate.  Complete source code is
For communications security, IDEA, DES (less initial and final
permutations), and one-time pad (re-used for each sound packet)
encryption are available.  The intensely paranoid can enable any
combination of these.  The documentation explains how to use PGP to
securely exchange session keys before a conversation; an automatic
session key generator is provided.  DES is included for commercial
users who don't have a license to use the IDEA patent.  One-time pad
encryption is for those with machines too slow to run IDEA or DES in
real time.
I didn't include a public key mechanism because I wanted to avoid all
the confusion.  If somebody wants to navigate the narrow strait
between the RSA patent Scylla and Charybdis of export controls, the
programming work to implement public keys is straightforward and the
source code is yours to hack.
For further information, see:
    which describes the Windows version in detail and contains pointers to
the Sun and SGI editions, as well as links to download source code and
a ready-to-run executable for Windows.  You can also obtain the
program by anonymous binary FTP:
Unix source code:
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/netfone5.tar.gz
Windows executable:
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/windows/speakfb.zip
Windows source code (for Visual C 1.5):
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/windows/speakfs.zip
The Sun and SGI versions of this program are quite stable, and should
work for just about anybody with an adequate network connection.
Porting the code to other Unix workstations with audio hardware should
be relatively straightforward.  The Windows version has just been
finished and until it's shaken down on a variety of machines,
networks, sound cards, etc. may not work for everybody.
The Windows version requires a sound card with Windows Multimedia
drivers (I've tested it on a variety of Sound Blasters of various
generations) and a TCP/IP stack that supports WINSOCK (I'm using
NetManage Chameleon NFS).  Since multimedia and network hardware and
drivers vary tremendously from machine to machine, I wouldn't be
surprised if some tweaking were needed for various configurations.
The CPU speed required interacts with the speed of your network
connection; if you have a high-bandwidth connection to the Internet,
or you're talking to another person on a high-speed LAN, there's no
need to compress sound and the CPU load is minimal; just about any
machine will do.  If you need to compress in order to squeeze 8000
samples per second into a dial-up connection, then you need a CPU fast
enough to run GSM compression in real time: basically we're talking a
very fast 486 or Pentium.  If you turn on IDEA and/or DES encryption,
that also consumes CPU time.
Based on my experience with other Windows programs, it will probably
take months to track down misbehaviour due to strange hardware and
software configurations.  Complete, detailed bug reports are welcome.
I may not be able to respond individually, but the Web page will track
updates as they're released.  I have tested the program only on
vanilla 16 bit Windows 3.1.
The Windows version contains preliminary code to support direct
dial-up modem connections, acting as a phone scrambler.  Serial port
support in most Windows machines is so poor (unless you have a 16550A
UART and appropriate drivers, which most people don't) that this
feature isn't usable at present.  I've left the code in just in case
somebody with suitable hardware wants to bash it into working form.
If you add features, port the program to 32 bits, fix bugs, etc., let
me know so I can make your contributions generally available.
--------------------    -------------------
John Walker                      | A sufficiently advanced
Internet: kelvin    | technology is indistinguishable
 from a rigged demo.

@_date: 1995-09-13 19:19:19
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Ron Plesser's take on NIST GAK meeting 
I converted a document in some proprietary Windows binary format to ASCII.
Formatting mistakes are mine.
Ron Plesser is a very experienced lobbyist.  He was involved in the
passage of the ECPA, among other things.  He's CIX's lawyer, and sent
this document to CIX (the Commercial Internet Exchange), which passed
it on to its membership.
PIPER & MARBURY L.L.P.  Memorandum
The National Institute of Standards and Technology on September 6 and 7
held a meeting on issues regarding key escrow encryption, focusing on
export criteria for software and desirable characteristics for U.S. key
escrow agents.  Ten draft software key escrow export criteria were put
forth by NIST for consideration and possible revision (see below).  Key
escrow encryption is the recent Administration proposal for an
alternative to Clipper Chip, which industry opposed.  Key escrow would,
in the Administration's view, allow the export of software with strong
encryption.  In summary, the government would permit the general
licensing of 64-bit-key encryption provided that it be manufactured
with a key that would be maintained by independent escrow agents who
were certified by the U.S. government.  Foreign escrow agents could be
used where there was a bi-lateral agreement with the particular country
NIST Deputy Director Ray Kammer provided an overview of the goals of
the meeting, and said that NIST plans to issue a Federal Register
notice containing a "revised set of thoughts" in three weeks.  There
will be a 60-day comment period following publication of the revised
principles in the Federal Register.  The  NIST will then review the
comments received and determine whether there is enough consensus to
proceed.  There will be additional meetings on September 15, 1995 to
discuss the Federal government's requirements for its own information
processing standards for key escrow encryption.  This meeting will take
place at the Gaithersburg, Maryland Hilton Hotel from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
It was clear from the meeting, both in presentations and conversation
during breaks, that most computer systems and certainly those used by
large entities will have key escrow systems for encryption.  There was
even a person who spoke who said that they are doing this now.  Many
people at the meeting acknowledged that key escrow would be implemented
at some point for domestic as well as for exported programs.  The issue
is who would hold the key.  For example, could a company hold its own
keys or could an independent agent be used?
The people who create mass market software, however, still expressed
significant opposition to key escrow.  While the government went to
some length to express that this solution is neutral as to software or
hardware, it has to be acknowledged that hardware-based systems are
easier to control.
The subject that was not well discussed was encryption in relation to
network services and the internet.  It was discussed in relation to the
issues of interoperability and the ability to decrypt both sides of a
The assumption that I and others had at the outset was that the
Administration had made progress in the last year in raising itself
from the ashes of Clipper Chip.  By the end of the meeting that was not
altogether clear.  There will remain a great deal of controversy
surrounding this issue.  Congress is sure to get involved and it will
get messier before it gets resolved.
Administration Comments
Mike Nelson, who is special assistant for information technology to the
White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and co-chair of the
inter-agency working group on encryption, provided a historical
overview of the data encryption issue.  He said that the proposed
64-bit-key encryption is 17 million times stronger than the 40-bit-key
encryption currently allowed to be exported.  Under the proposed
policy, software with 64-bit-key encryption could be exported to
friendly countries under certain conditions, all of which require that
a key to that encryption be available in the U.S. from an independent
third-party.  Mr. Nelson stated that the new policy will open up new
market opportunities for the U.S. computer software industry, and that
key escrow has the potential to become a de facto global standard.  The
Administration policy for 40-bit-key encryption will continue as-is,
and no keys will have to be escrowed for such systems.  Mr. Nelson said
that the government's main concern is that strong encr
In response to questioning, Mr. Nelson stated that the 64-bit-key limit
is being imposed because the government is not certain that the key
escrow system will work.  Once the system is up and running, longer
keys may be allowable.  He said that the draft criteria are based on
national security needs, and that they were pushed as far as possible
to meet commercial needs.  Mr. Nelson added that the Administration is
discussing the possibility of federal legislation with Hill staff to
avoid varying state laws on encryption.
Industry Perspectives
General reaction was mixed to the government's proposal.  Most heavy
industrial and commercial users of encryption seemed accepting of the
Administration's position.  To them this meant greater flexibility and
would mean that most larger systems could get export licenses for
64-bit-key systems and this would expand the capacity to sell larger
systems abroad.  This position was exemplified by Trusted Information
Systems (TIS), representatives of which spoke several times.  In a
presentation, Peter Dinsmore of TIS offered restatements of the
criteria to make them more commercially viable, and a set of "criteria
for the criteria," which are as follows:  1) don't specify commercial
criteria, 2) don't exceed the minimum, 3) don't allow criteria creep,
4) don't solve the dual-rogue problem, 5) don't over protect, and 6)
use generic nomenclature.  He recommended that criteria six and nine be
removed altogether, a view that was echoed by other participants.
The mass market software industry and the public interest groups were
very opposed to the Administration proposal.  They do not believe that
64-bit key is sufficient, and they do not believe that anyone will buy
U.S.-manufactured software with a key that is to be held by a third
party under at least some control by the government.  There was a fair
amount of confusion on the issue at the meeting, but it now seems clear
that the government would permit foreign escrow where there are
bi-lateral agreements with friendly nations.  In a presentation, Bob
Holleyman of the Business Software Alliance criticized the
Administration's failure to "liberalize export controls on generally
available software employing non-key escrow encryption."  Also, he
stated that the Administration's proposal and the draft criteria
"continue to reflect a misunderstanding of the market place and, if
implemented in anything like their current form, will prevent key
escrow encryption from ever being commercially adopted."  Mr. Holleyman
In addition, the representative of MCI strongly objected to the
proposal as an incursion into the private sector and as an impediment
to the development of a strong information infrastructure.  Encryption
guru Whit Diffie of Sun Micro Systems and others objected to the
Danny Weitzner of the Center for Democracy and Technology said that CDT
was going to go to Congress and object to the implementation of this
proposal.  They thought that it was a bad deal and the government
should not be placed in the position of directing standards and
requiring back doors into encryption systems.
Discussion of Criteria Six, Seven and Eight
Following the industry presentations, participants divided into groups
to discuss various criteria.  The group that discussed criteria six,
seven and eight made the following observations and recommendations.
There seemed to be universal objection to criterion six.  This would
limit the interoperability of systems.  It effectively states that
exported 64-bit key cannot be used to decrypt messages that were
encrypted with a higher value.  This would make it very difficult for
U.S. companies to interact with foreign subsidiaries. The internet
would find great difficulty in connection with this criteria.
Regarding criterion seven, concern was raised that in the context of
e-mail, it would be onerous to do key escrow for every transmission.
Concern also was raised about maintaining the integrity of intellectual
property in instances in which the escrow agent is in a foreign
country.  In effect, when one chooses an escrow center, one also is
selecting a legal system.  A request was made for a supplemental
document explaining applicable existing laws.
Concern was raised that all of the criteria are focused on the voice
communication paradigm, rather than on the dynamic data communications
environment.  Laws also are focused on this paradigm, and law moves
slowly whereas computer technology moves rapidly.  In addition, the
criteria do not address varying international laws on issues such as
privacy.  Companies will have to comply with the laws of the strictest
countries.  Concern was raised that privacy considerations are not as
apparent in the criteria as ease of access by law enforcement
agencies.  Also, innocent parties could be de-escrowed.  In addition,
it was emphasized that encryption must not interfere with use of
existing software.  Information was requested on two encryption
schemes, Banker's Trust and Fortress.
It was recommended that the TIS restatement of criterion seven be
adopted.  This restatement is as follows:  "The key escrow mechanism
allows access to both sides of a simultaneous (i.e., two-way)
communication with only access to the decrypting information from one
of the users."  It also was recommended that for bi-directional
communications, both parties negotiate a common key and escrow it, and
that for one way communications, the sender select the escrow key.
Regarding criterion eight, it was agreed that the technology issues,
international issues, and privacy issues are the same as those for
criterion seven.  It was noted that certain implementations would
require escrowing of the session key, which is unrealistic.  It was
agreed that with one court order, law enforcement agencies should have
the ability to decrypt a stream of messages.  However, there must be a
time limit on decryption.  It was agreed that agents should be able to
implement an automated system.
General Review/Comments on All Criteria
Industry and government representatives met less formally with the
objective of reviewing each of the criteria and attempting to reconcile
differences.  However, this did not occur; instead, broader issues were
discussed.  There was a certain amount of tension during this session,
as each side complained that the other did not understand its needs.
Industry members said that it seemed that implementation of the draft
criteria, or a version thereof, is a foregone conclusion on the part of
government, without industry input concerning the entire concept.
Specifically, industry members challenged the 64-bit maximum as being
arbitrary and unnecessary.  They said that although 56-bit encryption
was discussed with government last year, technology moves rapidly, and
now 64 bits are not enough.  A NIST representative countered that the
National Security Agency is "putting a big card on the table" with 64
Industry members also protested that the criteria do not meet the needs
of the global marketplace.  Consumers will not buy products designed to
meet these criteria because they already have access to 64-bit
encryption with no keys either free or at a low cost.  They argued that
the scope of the criteria (e.g., criterion nine) is broader than the
stated objective of exportability, and requested more information as to
why each criterion is being proposed.  Concern also was raised that
foreign countries with bi-lateral agreements with the U.S. will act
against U.S. key escrow agents.  Also, industry will not know the terms
of these agreements.
Export Procedures
Officials of Department of State and the Department of Commerce
explained in general terms how this program would work.  Each
application would go first to the State Department for a jurisdictional
certification on technical aspects.  If State were satisfied that the
criteria had been met, then it would certify the application over to
the Commerce Department for general licensing procedures.  There would
also be an escrow package, that would have to be certified.  It was not
clear who would control the certification of escrow agents.
Escrow Agents
The issue of who could be an escrow agent and how they would be
controlled was discussed, but not resolved.  The issues of liability
for wrongful release, the conditions of release, and related questions
were not resolved.  It seemed clear to me that escrow agents would have
to be independent of the user entity.  If this law firm were to use an
encryption package in its London office, the key would have to be
placed with a third party.
While no issues were resolved at the meeting, it provided a valauble
forum for the exchange of ideas between government and industry.  Focus
now turns to Congress, and to the crafting of a constructive response
to the upcoming Federal Register notice.  The Administration seems open
to changes.  The mass market software industry and the public interest
community seem negative.  We will continue to keep you informed.
--- Draft Export Criteria ---
for Software Key Escrow Encryption
Software key escrow encryption products meeting the following criteria
will be granted special export licensing treatment similar to that
afforded other mass-market software products with encryption.
1.      The product will use an unclassified encryption algorithm
(e.g., DES, RC4) with a key length not to exceed 64 bits.
2.      The product shall be designed to prevent multiple encryption
(e.g., triple-DES).
3.      The key required to decrypt each message or file shall be
accessible through a key escrow mechanism in the product, and such keys
will be escrowed during manufacture in accordance with   If such
keys are not escrowed during manufacture, the product shall be
inoperable until the key is escrowed in accordance with 4.      The key escrow mechanism shall be designed to include with each
encrypted message or file, in a format accessible by authorized
entities, the identity of the key escrow agent(s), and information
sufficient for the escrow agent(s) to identify the key or key
components required to decrypt that message.
5.      The product shall be resistant to any alteration that would
disable or circumvent the key escrow mechanism, to include being
designed so that the key escrow mechanism cannot be disabled by a
static patch, (i.e., the replacement of a block of code by a modified
6.      The product shall not decrypt messages or files encrypted by
non-escrowed products, including products whose key escrow mechanisms
have been altered or disabled.
7.      The key escrow mechanism allows access to a user's encrypted
information regardless of whether that user is the sender or the
intended recipient of the encrypted information.
8.      The key escrow mechanism shall not require repeated involvement
by the escrow agents for the recovery of multiple decryption keys
during the period of authorized access.
9.      In the event any such product is or may be available in the
United States, each production copy of the software shall either have a
unique key required for decrypting messages or files that is escrowed
in accordance with  or have the capability for its escrow mechanism
to be rekeyed and any new key to be escrowed in accordance with 10.     The product shall accept escrow of its key(s) only with escrow
agents certified by the U.S. Government or by foreign governments with
which the U.S. Government has formal agreements consistent with U.S.
law enforcement and national security requirements.
Note:  Software products incorporating additional encryption methods
other than key escrow encryption methods will be evaluated for export
on the basis of each encryption method included, as is already the case
with existing products.  Accordingly, these criteria apply only to the
key escrow encryption method incorporated by a software product, and
not to other non-escrowed encryption methods it may incorporate.  For
instance, non-escrowed encryption using a key length of 40 bits or less
will continue to be exportable under existing export regulations.
Please also review discussion paper  (distributed earlier), which
raises a number of issues involving exportability criteria and how
exportable products could be designed.  Discussion paper  (also
previously distributed) presents questions involving key escrow

@_date: 1995-09-14 13:18:14
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Corrections to "Ron Plesser's take on NIST GAK" 
There were a few sentences truncated in what I posted yesterday, due
to mistakes on my part.  Here's the corrections.
The Administration policy for 40-bit-key encryption will continue
as-is, and no keys will have to be escrowed for such systems.  Mr.
Nelson said that the government's main concern is that strong
encryption products not be available in the mass market.
bi-lateral agreements with friendly nations.  In a presentation, Bob
Holleyman of the Business Software Alliance criticized the
Administration's failure to "liberalize export controls on generally
available software employing non-key escrow encryption."  Also, he
stated that the Administration's proposal and the draft criteria
"continue to reflect a misunderstanding of the market place and, if
implemented in anything like their current form, will prevent key
escrow encryption from ever being commercially adopted."  Mr.
Holleyman recommended a number of features for a marketable system,
including a variety of encryption algorithms using at least 64-bit
keys and user specification of a key holder.

@_date: 1995-09-17 13:20:14
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Intellectual Property and Crypto collision 
Would this make it illegal to produce tools for decrypting key-escrowed
software?   :-)

@_date: 1995-09-17 20:24:13
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Central Banking for the 21st Century -- Thurs 28Sep, San Fran 
The Pacific Research Forum, a local libertarian economics group, is
sponsoring a talk by Dr. Jerry L. Jordan, president of the Federal
Reserve Bank of Cleveland and Dr. Donald T. Brash, governor of the
Reserve Bank of New Zealand, with moderator Dr. William S. Haraf,
director of public policy for BofA.
The forum is 3:30-5PM at the Banker's Club, 555 California St, 51st
floor, SF.  The reception is 5PM-6PM.  It costs $25; RSVP to Cindy
Sparks at +1 415 989 0833.
"Central banks were originally intended to bring price stability to a
paper-based bank payments system.  But what will be the proper role of
a central bank in the rapidly approaching era of digital money?  What
happens to monetary policy, supervision and regulation, as well as
financial services such as clearning checks, when electronically-
initiated debits and credits become the transaction of choice?"
..."Dr. Jordan predicts that ... the proliferation of digital money will
provide new challenges for central banks laboring to provide stable money."
I'll probably see you there...
John Gilmore                                    gnu  --  gnu
        Don't introduce that Tsutomu to your girlfriend.

@_date: 1995-09-20 14:50:21
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Project: a standard cell random number generator 
Software-generated random numbers are likely to be of poor quality.
There just isn't that much true randomness visible to computers.
Several ways to build good hardware random number generators are
known.  But before hardware random number generators can be
incorporated into common desktop computers, someone will have to put
them into a small fraction of a chip.
Currently, random number generators are chips or larger circuits.
Nobody will pay to put these on a motherboard.  But if a random number
generating circuit occupied 1/1000th of a CPU chip or "multi-function
I/O" chip, cost would not be a reason to leave it out.
You probably can't build a hardware random number generator out of
existing "gate array" gates or "standard cell" cells, because all the
existing gates and cells are designed to behave completely
predictably!  It will take designing a new circuit structure.
Do we know any solid state physics / circuit design experts who think
this might be a fun thing to do?  I bet you could get a paper out of
it.  And probably improve the world a few years later, when companies
used your paper to close another hole in their computer security.
PS: It's possible that NSA collusion with chip-makers could produce
bad pseudo-random-number generators in popular chips, giving NSA a
back-door into any algorithm that used them.  This would be harder to
detect than poor software random number generators, since it requires
prying the lid off the chip, getting out your microscope, and
reverse-engineering the circuit, instead of just disassembling the
software.  In this sense, NSA ought to be *encouraging* Intel and
IBM and Motorola to put "generate random bits" instructions into
their instruction sets...

@_date: 1995-09-20 20:23:19
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Spam of c'punks list: cleaning it up now. 
Somebody, apparently at ci.diamond-bar.ca.us, has been feeding the last
month's worth of Cypherpunks postings back to the Cypherpunks list.
You probably saw a few of them.  They are still coming in to toad.com.
When I got home this afternoon, the load average had hit 150 and most
of them were copies of sendmail.  This prevented most of the messages
from getting out to you, happily.  I've cleaned up the ones I found in
the queues, and I'll start working next on getting the *valid*
cypherpunks messages flowing again...

@_date: 1995-09-20 22:52:27
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Netscape is doing well -- give 'em a break. 
Hey folks, lighten up!  Netscape is to be commended for even *putting* crypto into their
product!  Of course the first version is going to have a few screwups;
they're in a fast market and things must be done in a hurry.  But they
are showing a real committment to securing Internet privacy and
commerce -- with real algorithms and without key escrow.  They hired a
real cryptographer, and their security programmer is a cypherpunk.
They've told the world they will put the real "domestic" version out
for public use.  This is a step that a very small number of companies
even bother with; most don't even have a high-security unexportable
version.  They're combing the net for better random number algorithms.
We could do a lot worse!
Cygnus' Kerberos faced the same random-seed problems and punted in
similar ways.  Our random numbers are derived from the time and the
PID and etc.  You can read the sources to see.  Ted Ts'O claims it is
harder to exploit them because they're mixed in (with DES encryption)
with a secret key, either the Kerberos database's master key on the
server, or the session key from the ticket on the client.  But I
haven't done a full blown security analysis of this scheme.  I was too
busy trying to productize it on eight platforms, write real
documentation, do customer support, and make it run on the *^*&%&&#
Macintosh.  I did have it marked in my mind as something to look at
"when I had the time".  If you-all have the time, hey, go for it!
Might as well look at the one in MIT K5, since that's the development
tree from which all future Kerberoses will come.
All progress is by steps.  Let's step on each others' shoulders, not
on each others' toes.  Netscape is doing us a favor by pushing strong
crypto.  We are doing them a favor by pointing out problems before
they cause major losses to Netscape customers.  The result is higher
security for everyone, and more respect for each other's efforts.  So
kindly show them a little...

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:44:38
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: netscape's response (source code review) 
I think "the group" was RSADSI, based on a remark of Jim Bidzos.
However, I do think that, like the S1 cipher, your code would get
examined for interesting features and flaws by the cypherpunks if you
released it.
It is becoming gradually clearer in cryptanalysis that you can't test
security of pieces in isolation.  Their interaction with the
surrounding code and protocols is key to their security.  Ross
Anderson's paper at Crypto last month was all about this (``Robustness
Principles for Public Key Protocols'').  There were also several
papers there that showed how you couldn't just treat hash functions
like MD5 as black boxes, since embedding them naively into signature
protocols made it possible to do things like turn a signed short
message into a signed longer (modified!) message.
So far the c'punks haven't done anything clever to your protocols;
they've exploited basic weaknesses in key length and key generation.
There's still a lot of potential in active attacks, three-cornered
attacks, replays, etc, that is unexplored.
Naah.  I think NCSA should've made Mosaic publicly available, because
they wrote it with our tax dollars.  And I hold it against them that
they started the trend of "zero-cost personal-use binaries but no
commercial use" that many Net users still confuse with Real Free
Software (free as in freedom).  But Netscape owns its code, it can do
whatever it wants with it.
I'd still encourage you to err on the side of release.
The strongest tendency in the security industry is for "security by
obscurity", i.e. if we just keep this quiet, nobody will figure it
out.  Customers, even less sophisticated than vendors, often let the
vendors get away with it.  But it doesn't stop the crooks, and
stopping the crooks is what your customers are paying you to do.  Code that gets public scrutiny, like published scientific papers, gets
debunked and honed and made to really work.  Much faster than code and
ideas that only circulate in small, closed groups.  The reason
Kerberos V5 is a lot more secure than V4 is because its security
features and flaws could be publicly discussed.  Steve Bellovin wrote
a whole paper about what was wrong in V4, and lots of people got to
chew on that and think about how to fix it.
The question that only Netscape management can estimate is: what
damage would it risk to your business, if you released *this much*
crypto code instead of *that much*.  Particularly if you copyright it
and prevent commercial re-use without licensing, I doubt it will help
your competitors much.  There is the risk of revealing a flaw that makes
it easy to crack.  That has to be balanced against the risk of having
such a flaw and not noticing it for years.
And finally, I thought a marketing goal was to make your security
scheme (SSL) a standard throughout the industry?  In that case,
publishing it *and allowing* commercial use would encourage people to
adopt it -- which is what I think you want.
[We all realize that "publishing" crypto code is unconstitutionally
regulated by the State Department.  So there are logistics to the
release process.  But you are presumably solving them for the 128-bit
domestic version; you can use the same procedures to let people
download whatever crypto source code you release.]

@_date: 1995-09-21 00:37:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Export via FTP: who's to blame?  Ask a court! 
This is a question that has never been answered by a court.
Personally I think that the Congress can't constitutionally set up a
scheme that restricts US citizens from communicating with each other
to transfer software.  Even if it makes it harder to catch foreigners
who break the law.  Prior restraints on US citizens' communications
can only be done if they are "incidental" to a greater government
purpose.  When their purpose is to restrain the act of communication
itself, they lose.  It's even clear that they can't prevent US
citizens from communicating with foreigners, so the entire crypto
software export regime may be unconstitutional.  The more research we
do on the First Amendment law, the more it looks this way to me.
If some hardy soul wants to set up a nice clean situation, like Phil
Karn did for the paper-vs-magnetic-media distinction, I'm sure we can
find some more pro-bono (zero cost) lawyers who'll take the case for
the fun and notoriety.  You don't have to break the law to get into
court; Phil didn't, for example.  You make a situation where the law
restricts you, then sue to have the restriction declared invalid.  And
if you have ever been in court, it's a lot more fun being the
Plaintiff than being the Defendant.
Doing this will take significant time on your part.  Even if the
lawyers do 95% of the work, you have to talk with them, review what
they write, explain the details in gory detail, and believe in what
they're doing for you.  And sometimes do things in a way that they are
sure is right, even though you yourself aren't sure.  And stick with
the case even though it would drag on for years through several
courts.  So it's not something to do lightly.  But it's worth it.  And
it's a lot safer and easier to enforce your civil rights now, than to
try to live through the civil war that would follow the slide into
authoritarian government.
I'd do this case myself, except that I think we should have few single
points of failure.  If we spread the work around, it's more likely to
happen.  And your civil rights are safer, because you yourself have
learned how to defend them.

@_date: 1995-09-22 21:00:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: The Fortezza random number generator is not trustworthy 
A caution.  I believe that CAPSTONE chips inside the Fortezza card are
highly likely to have back doors in them, above and beyond the Clipper
key escrow feature.  In particular, the random number generator is
probably compromised.
Many of the top-secret NSA documents I have received under FOIA about
Clipper say things like:
    "2.  I briefed the Board on the CLIPPER and CAPSTONE chips and
    their capabilities and summarized the recommendations of the
    19 November session:
    [TWO INCHES OF SOLID BLACKOUT]
    "3.  The Policy Board reached consensus on the following points:
    a single chip which can be programed for law enforcement access
    exclusively through a key escrow "law enforcement exploitation
    field."  The chip will have no trap doors or other methods
    of access.  This chip is called CLIPPER.
    [THREE INCHES OF SOLID BLACKOUT]
Note that they explicitly say "The chip will have no trap doors or
other methods of access" when talking about Clipper, but all
information about Capstone is blacked out.  There's no such guarantee
about Capstone.
The Digital Signature Algorithm embedded in Capstone is the best "host
algorithm" ever seen for subliminal channels.  A subliminal channel is
a means of communication which imparts information but cannot even be
detected by third parties.  By choosing numbers for DSA signatures
that are not completely random, several subliminal channels are
available, which can leak information as part of normal digital
signatures.  This subliminal information can only be read by someone
who knows a secret about how the non-random numbers were generated.
Gus Simmons, who did seminal work on subliminal channels while at
Sandia Labs, wrote a Eurocrypt paper on this a year or two ago.  The
Capstone chip knows private things like your DSA private key, the last
session key you loaded for Skipjack, etc.  So it has info that is
worth leaking to NSA wiretappers.
Now the plot thickens.  I submitted a FOIA request for all information
the NSA had on subliminal channels.  They responded that they had no
information!  We appealed and got the same answer.
However, subliminal channels are clearly part of the crypto literature
and knowledge base.  They were a major concern when Gus designed
nuclear test-ban verification crypto equipment in the '70s.  The ONLY
way NSA can legally claim to have no information on subliminal
channels is if the MERE FACT OF THE EXISTENCE AT NSA of information on
subliminal channels is classified.
In other words, if their information ABOUT subliminal channels is
classified, they can't say they have no documents; they have to say, e.g.
"We have ten documents and they're all classified."  If they have any
documents, they can only legally claim to have no documents if just
confirming the existence of the documents would itself reveal
classified info.  This is called "Glomarizing" and it's named for the
Glomar Explorer, a ship which was secretly used for dredging up code
books from sunken Soviet submarines.  Merely confirming that records
existed on the Glomar would have revealed classified information (i.e.
that the government was involved; the cover story was that a private
company was using it for deep-sea mining experiments).
Apparently, merely confirming that NSA knows anything about subliminal
channels would reveal classified information.
If the mere existence of documents on subliminal channels is
classified, it's probably because they are very actively and very
secretly using them.  And this tends to reinforce my perception that
they are using them in Capstone, the heart of the Fortezza card.
You're free to dismiss all this as paranoid rambling.  However, if you
use a Fortezza card to generate your random numbers, you have no way
to determine how these numbers are being generated.  Are they really
random?  How could you tell?  Would you rather get "random" numbers
from a classified NSA-designed chip that's part of a family designed
to subvert your privacy?  Or would you rather get them from a
third-party product whose design you can actually verify?  I'd prefer
a random number generator where I can pull one "at random" from stock,
take it apart, and verify that it really does what its designers say
it does.

@_date: 1995-09-25 01:35:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Phil Karn's legal case is filed; here's the Complaint. 
Full info is at UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA
                                                )
PHILIP R. KARN, JR.                             )
7431 Teasdale Avenue                            )
San Diego, California  92122                    )
                                                )
                Plaintiff,                      )
                                                )
        v.                                      )
                                                )
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE                        ) Case 1:95CV01812
2201 C Street, N.W.                             )
Washington, D.C.  20520                         )
                                                )
        and                                     )
                                                )
THOMAS E. MCNAMARA                              )
Assistant Secretary                             )
Bureau of Political-Military Affairs            )
U.S. Department of State                        )
Room 7325                                       )
2201 C. Street, N.W.                            )
Washington, D.C. 20520                          )
                                                )
                 Defendants.                    )
                                                )
____________________________________            )
COMES NOW the plaintiff PHILIP R. KARN, JR., by and through his undersigned
counsel of record, and for his causes of action against the named Defendants
states the following:
1. Plaintiff PHILIP R. KARN, JR. is a resident of San Diego, California.
2. Defendants, U.S. DEPARTMENT OF STATE and THOMAS E. MCNAMARA, Assistant
Secretary of the U.S. Department of State of the United States of America,
proceeded against in his official capacity, are charged with, inter alia,
the administration of the Arms Export Control Act ("The Act"), 22 U.S.C.
2778 et seq., and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations ("The ITAR")
22 C.F.R. Subchapter M. (Subsequent citations to the ITAR are with a section
designator only.)
3. This is an action for a declaratory judgment pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 2201,
for the purpose of determining a question of actual controversy between the
parties as is herein more fully set forth.
Jurisdiction and Venue
4. Jurisdiction of this action is based on 28 U.S.C. 1331, in that it is a
civil action arising under the laws of the United States, and the First and
Fifth Amendments to the Constitution of the United States.
5. Venue is proper in this Court pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 1391, in that this is
a civil action against an officer of the United States and the decisions,
which are the subject of this action, were made within the District of
Causes of Action
6. Plaintiff KARN hereby realleges and incorporates by reference, as though
fully set forth herein, the allegations of paragraphs 1-5.
7. The ITAR is implemented by the Office of Defense Trade Controls ("the
8. Under  120.2 of the ITAR, the Office is responsible for reviewing and
determining whether particular products and technologies are defense
articles, as defined at  120.6, technical data, as defined at  120.10, or
defense services, as defined at  120.9, and, therefore, subject to the
prior export licensing requirements of the ITAR. Such articles, services and
technical data are described in  121.1, which is styled the United States
Munitions List ("the USML"). Products and technologies, which are neither
defense articles nor defense services, as defined in the ITAR, are subject
to the export licensing jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce.
9. The ITAR provides a procedure for the determination of whether a
particular product or technology is subject to its licensing requirements.
See  120.4. Upon receipt of a written Commodity Jurisdiction Request, a
determination is made as to whether an item is included on the USML. A
"commodity jurisdiction" procedure entailing consultations among the
Departments of State, Commerce, and Defense is used to make the
10. Under  120.10, information that is in "the public domain" is not
subject to the ITAR's export licensing controls.
11. Pursuant to  120.4, Plaintiff KARN on February 12, 1994 initially
submitted a Commodity Jurisdiction Request for Applied Cryptography, a book
("the Book") by Bruce Schneier, which was published in this country.
12. The Book was published by John Wiley & Sons, Inc. It is available from
most bookstores that carry computer books and has a list price of $44.95. It
has sold approximately 20,000 copies worldwide.
13. The Book contains computer source codes, detailed descriptions and
instructions on how to use a wide variety of cryptographic algorithms, and
explains how computer programmers designing computer applications, networks
and storage systems can use cryptography to maintain the privacy and
security of computer data.
14. Cryptography is a mathematical technique used to protect the secrecy of
electronic communications between individuals by scrambling, or encrypting,
communications so that only particular recipients with a "key" to decrypt
the communications may decipher them. Cryptographic software programs that
protect the confidentiality of electronic communications are created by
using programming instructions, or source code algorithms. These are
sophisticated mathematical equations that are expressed in computer source
code and converted into computer programs. Cryptography has a variety of
commercial uses including confidentiality of electronic mail, computer
software, voice, video and other information in digitized form.
15. Part Five of the Book contains a full-text actual source code listing
for fourteen cryptographic algorithms in the C programming language, which
were developed by various sources at various times using both private and
public sources of funding. A two- disk cryptographic source code set ("the
Diskette Set"), which includes the same codes printed on pages 456-570 of
Part Five of the Book, is offered for sale on its last page.
16. Binary copies of several of the source code algorithms published in Part
Five of the Book are also publicly available from anonymous file transfer
protocol ("FTP") sites outside the United States.
17. In a letter dated March 2, 1994, the Office concluded that the Book,
including the source code in Part Five, was in "the public domain." The Book
was accordingly transferred to the export jurisdiction of the Department of
Commerce, where it is eligible for export to all destinations under a
general license. (A general license is one which is generally available and
need not be specifically applied for in advance of any export.)
18. The March 2, 1994 ruling from the Office expressly did not extend to the
Diskette Set.
19. On March 9, 1994, Plaintiff KARN submitted a second Commodity
Jurisdiction Request ("the Second Filing") for a determination as to whether
a Diskette ("the Diskette") containing only the source code information, as
set out in Part Five of the Book, was subject to the export licensing
requirements of the ITAR. The only difference between the information
contained on the Diskette and Part Five of the Book is the medium-used:
magnetic pulses on Mylar instead of inked characters on paper.
20. Plaintiff KARN is desirous of exporting the Diskette to fulfill his
interest in the dissemination of cryptographic information.
21. The Office responded to the Second Filing on May 11, 1994 and stated
that the Diskette is a defense article under Category XIII(b)(1) of the USML
and, therefore, subject to the export licensing jurisdiction of the ITAR.
22. On June 7, 1994 Plaintiff KARN appealed the May 11, 1994 determination
of the Office to the Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for Export Controls
("the DAS").
23. On October 7, 1994 the DAS responded to Plaintiff's appeal by affirming
the Office's determination and concluding that the Diskette was a defense
article because it was cryptographic software, notwithstanding the fact that
the information it contains is identical to that in the Part Five of the
24. Pursuant to  120.4(g), the DAS's determination was appealed to the
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs on December 5,
25. On June 13, 1995 the Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military
Affairs ("the Assistant Secretary") reaffirmed the DAS's determination but
failed to address the fact that the information contained in the Diskette is
identical to that in Part Five of the Book, which was already found not to
be subject to the licensing jurisdiction of ITAR.
26. No additional appeals mechanism is set forth in the ITAR with respect to
commodity jurisdiction determinations.
27. Plaintiff has exhausted his administrative remedies, therefore, this
matter is "ripe" for judicial review.
28. The application of the ITAR provisions to Plaintiff KARN, which require
the application for and issuance of a license prior to any export, has
caused him unusual hardship and irreparable injury in that he has been and
is currently being denied the free exercise of constitutional rights as more
fully stated below. Plaintiff has no adequate remedy at law for these
injuries; accordingly, he is entitled to declaratory relief.
29. The actions of Defendants restricting the dissemination of information
contained on the Diskette, which is identical to the information contained
in Part Five of the Book, are arbitrary and capricious, constitute an abuse
of discretion and are otherwise not in accordance with the Administrative
Procedure Act ("the APA") at 5 U.S.C. 706(2)(A).
30. As set forth below, the actions of Defendants restricting the
dissemination of information contained on the Diskette, which is identical
to the information contained in Part Five of the Book, are contrary to
Plaintiff's constitutional rights and, therefore, not in accordance with the
APA at 5 U.S.C. 706(2)(B).
31. The Office's determination, and its subsequent reaffirmation by the DAS,
and the Assistant Secretary subjecting the Diskette to export licensing
controls when the information it contains is identical to the published text
of Part Five of the Book, which was deemed not subject to such export
controls, is irrational, arbitrary, and capricious. These arbitrary and
capricious actions violates Plaintiff's Fifth Amendment right to substantive
due process.
32. The Office's determination, and its subsequent reaffirmation by the DAS
and the Assistant Secretary, to control the export of the Diskette
containing information set forth in a published book is a violation of
Plaintiff's fundamental First Amendment right to free speech.
33. As applied by Defendants, the ITAR requires Plaintiff to apply for a
license to export the Diskette containing information identical to that in
Part Five of the Book. Therefore, as applied to Plaintiff in this instance,
the prior licensing requirement of the ITAR operates as a prior restraint on
Plaintiff's disclosure of ideas and information in violation of his First
Amendment rights to free speech.
34. As applied to Plaintiff,  120.4 dealing with the determination of
whether particular products and technologies are defense articles, is
unconstitutionally overbroad and vague, as it includes within its scope
speech protected by the First Amendment, namely material contained in the
Book, thereby chilling the exercise of free speech rights.
Prayer for Relief
WHEREFORE, Plaintiff KARN prays for judgment against Defendants, U.S.
DEPARTMENT OF STATE and MCNAMARA, as follows:
A. Declaring that the provisions of the ITAR, as applied to Plaintiff KARN,
be declared null and void, of no effect, as unconstitutional under the Fifth
and First Amendments.
B. Declaring that the determination to subject the Diskette to the export
licensing controls of ITAR is unlawful in violation of the APA at 5 U.S.C.
706(2)(A) & (B).
C. For attorneys fees incurred herein.
D. For costs of the action incurred herein and
E. For such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper.

@_date: 1995-09-28 17:19:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SAIC bought InterNic, but who is SAIC?  A spook contractor! 
Forwarded-by: gordoni (Gordon Irlam)
Thought you might find this interesting.  I don't know if you have
thought about it or not, but control over the root name service plus
some funky software is all that it takes to be able to selectively snoop
on all the packets addressed to any host on the net.  DNS is currently
the achilles heel of a secure internet...
                                                     gordoni
The press recently reported that the National Science Foundation has turned
over Internet Domain Name registration to Network Solutions, Inc. (NSI) of
Herndon, VA. The press failed to note some interesting connections.
Tomorrow morning (Sept. 26), Web Review, a biweekly online magazine (see
Special Report at  will reveal that NSI was purchased in
May by Scientific Applications International Corporation (SAIC) of San
Diego. SAIC is a $2 billion company indicted by the Justice Department on
ten felony counts for fraud in managing a Superfund toxic cleanup site (SAIC
pleaded guilty) and sued by the Justice Department for civil fraud on an
F-15 fighter contract.
SAIC's board members include Admiral Bobby Inman, former NSA head and deputy
director of the CIA; Melvin Laird, Nixon's defense secretary; and retired
General Max Thurman, commander of the Panama Invasion. Recently departed
board members include Robert Gates, former CIA director; William Perry,
current Secretary of Defense; and John Deutch, the current CIA director.
Current SAIC government contracts include re-engineering information systems
at the Pentagon, automation of the FBI's computerized fingerprint
identification system, and building a national criminal history information
"At the very time the Internet community is struggling with the issues of
encryption and privacy, I'm more than a little uneasy to find this bunch of
ex-spooks sitting at the very entry point of the Net," says Jim Warren (a
leading activist in making government records accessible) in the article,
which was written by investigative journalist Stephen Pizzo, Web Review
Senior Editor and co-author of the book Inside Job, an expose on the savings
& loan looting.
Web Review is produced by Songline Studios, an affiliate of O'Reilly &

@_date: 1995-10-27 11:43:24
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Mark Twain Bank's DigiCash offer 
The two big drawbacks for me in this offer are:
There's lots of little drawbacks too.
I sure hope the competition arrives soon.

@_date: 1995-10-01 23:01:58
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bryn Mawr talk TODAY on Enigma and Its Effect on the Computing Age 
Forwarded-by: Dave Farber  and "Steven"
Bi-Co Mathematics Talk Series at Bryn Mawr College
Charles Terry: "The Cryptography of the Enigma Machine and Its Effect on
the Computing Age"
Monday, October 2, 1995, Talk at 4pm in room 338, Tea at 3:30 in room 355
Bryn Mawr College, Park Science Center
P.S. I was told he obtained permission to bring an authentic machine to the
talk and will demonstrate it's operation afterwards.

@_date: 1995-10-03 16:30:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Oct 20th SF C'punks meeting: at the ITAR Constitutional trial court 
We're having a "Cypherpunks Dress-Up Day" on Friday, October 20th.
Meet at the Federal Building in San Francisco, 450 Golden Gate Avenue,
at 10:15AM.  Hey, I've seen Tim May in a suit once, why not again?
The first "oral arguments" in the Bernstein crypto export case will
happen there, starting at 10:30, in Judge Patel's courtroom upstairs.
We've been fedexing legalese back and forth for months; now we get to
explain the case in person.  You can meet our intrepid lawyers, who
are slaving away without pay, in durance vile, to protect our rights!
Shake hands with an NSA lawyer specially flown in for the occasion!
Meet some local journalists!  And watch the wheels of justice grindin'
as the judge first explores our case.  We will follow the hearing with
a group lunch at Max's Opera Plaza, a block away, and break up at
12:30 or 1PM.
In this case, Dan Bernstein, ex-grad-student from UC Berkeley, is
suing the State Department, NSA, and other agencies, with help from
the EFF.  Our main argument is that the export controls on crypto
software are a "prior restraint on publication" which is
unconstitutional under the First Amendment unless handled very
delicately by a court (not just by an agency acting on its own).
These agencies restrained Dan's ability to publish a paper, as well as
source code, for the crypto algorithm that he invented.  There are
additional arguments along the lines that the State Department and NSA
take a lot more liberties during the export process than their own
regulations and laws really permit.  Full background and details on
the case are in the EFF Web/FTP archives at:
    Like Phil Karn's case, this lawsuit really has the potential to outlaw
the whole NSA crypto export scam.  We could make your right to publish
and export crypto software as well-protected by the courts as your
right to publish and export books.  Of course, the government would
appeal any such decision, and it will take years and probably an
eventual Supreme Court decision to make it stick.  But you can be
there at the very beginning!
Please make a positive impression on the judge.  Show her -- by
showing up -- that this case matters to more people than just the
plaintiff and defendant.  That how it gets decided will make a
difference to society.  That the public and the press are watching,
and really do care that it gets handled well.  We'll have to be quiet
and orderly while we're in the courthouse.  There will be no questions
from the audience (that's us), but the session will be tape-recorded,
and you can take notes if you like.
The judge is Marilyn Hall Patel, who used to be on the board of
directors of the ACLU.  I haven't met her, but I hear that she's not
afraid to tell the government where to stuff it, when they deserve it.
Our lawyers met with her once before, but this will be your first
chance to meet the judge in person.
The particular issue in front of the judge on the 20th is whether the
case should be thrown out.  The government is arguing that it should.
It's a mess of legal details about whether the Judicial Branch has the
right to decide questions like this, and over whether we have really
properly claimed a Constitutional rights violation.  It will teach
most c'punks something about how the courts work, and how the NSA and
State Dept use bureaucratic tricks to avoid facing the real issues.
We have managed to drag in some of these issues, like whether there is
sufficient "expression" in software that the First Amendment should
protect publishers of software.  It's possible, but unlikely, that the
judge will decide then-and-there.  We will get some clues to how
she is leaning, based on her questions and comments.  Her written
decision will come out some days or weeks later.
Don't bring any interesting devices unless you're willing to check
them with the lobby guards for the duration.  They seem to want to
hold onto guns, "munitions", and even small pocketknives, before
they'll let you go upstairs to the courtrooms.
So, here's your excuse to put on a nice costume, take an early lunch,
and pay a call on the inner sanctum of our civil rights.  See you there!

@_date: 1995-10-05 11:35:17
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Restrictions on Munitions _Imports_ 
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--said:
I agree with Peter.  I looked this up at one point.
The government has considered trying to impose import controls on
crypto, like they've considered every other option they could think
of.  The question is what it would buy them except more trouble from
the public.  NSA can't sustain a claim that it would help them, since
they aren't supposed to be spying on Americans anyway.  But in
Clipper-II, NSA risks effective export controls to advance FBI
wiretapping interests.  Now that NSA is in fully naked in bed with the
FBI, they could jointly claim some governmental interest in killing
off domestic privacy.  But that's what would land them in trouble with
the public.
I really think they would have done better to have just shut up about
crypto and not pushed the issue.  The more they tighten the screws,
the more agitated and educated the public gets.  For every Clipper
chip that has sold to a non-governmental party, ten Cypherpunks or
'punk sympathyzers have risen up and started writing code,
investigating, talking to their friends, publishing articles in the
press, and filing lawsuits.
Ten years ago it was pretty lonely to be a cryptographer.  Most of us
wouldn't be on this mailing list -- the list itself would probably not
exist -- if the government had just quietly let the export criteria
advance, year after year, and had let the quaint academics play with
their toys.  But they tried alternating between stonewalling us and
forcing crap down our throats.  The result has been that the public
now *cares* about crypto policy.  And the public will get what it
wants, in the long run, no matter what the impact on the privileges of
the current crop of bureaucrats.

@_date: 1995-10-05 19:02:38
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: The Intelligence community -- some interesting web pages 
I particularly liked the NSA surrogate home page under the second URL. --John
Try looking at
 -- IntelWeb - The WWW Site of
Intelligence Watch Report (IWR)
 -- Project on
Intellience Reform  federation of American Scientists

@_date: 1995-10-18 19:45:09
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: REMINDER: SF Federal Building, Oct 20, 1015AM: Bernstein case 
Last reminder!  Come to the Federal Building in SF this Friday at
10:15AM, go upstairs to Judge Marilyn Hall Patel's courtroom, and Be
There for the first skirmish in the trial of crypto export controls.
450 Golden Gate Avenue in downtown SF, two blocks from Van Ness.
We've gotten a lot of press interest.  Both the legal-newspapers in
SF, the Examiner, and many others will be covering it.  Some of them
breathlessly asked, "Will the cypherpunks hold a demonstration?", but
what we will demonstrate is how the legal system can turn against the
bureaucrats and authoritarians who currently hold crypto hostage.
This will be a low-key meeting, quietly bearing witness, at least
before we adjourn to a probably rowdy lunch at Max's Opera Cafe at Van
Ness and Golden Gate Avenues.  If you can't come to the hearing, at
least come for lunch!
And don't forget, it's a costume party: Dress like a banker.  Even
you bitbankers.  Even me.  See you there!

@_date: 1995-10-21 02:34:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: ADMIN: Cypherpunks list meltdown, temporary delay in postings 
Somebody started forwarding every new cypherpunks message BACK to the
mailing list.  Each such message would, of course, trigger yet another
message back to the list, resulting in a runaway situation.  My guess
is that it's caused by a bug in a procmail script being run by one of
three people at io.com.  We're investigating.
Meanwhile to break the loop I am manually screening cypherpunks messages, which will result in multi-hour delays before your posting is seen by
the list (since I only look at new stuff every few hours).  I've yanked
the three suspect users, and can probably turn it all back on sometime
on Saturday.  If you have urgent messages to go out, cc them to me
personally and I'll probably notice them sooner.
By the way, Hugh and I will probably be upgrading our version of
Sendmail within the next few weeks, so you can possibly expect some
further funny behaviour while we test it.  I hope it isn't nearly as
funny as this last meltdown.
Don't worry, I didn't really write this message.  The NSA had a few
glitches in their MITM impersonation of toad.com, and posting this to
reassure you that everything is OK.  :-)

@_date: 1995-10-25 18:19:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: [ADMIN] Re: Welcome to cypherpunks 
It's true, for a period of about 45 minutes today, someone subscribed
the Cypherpunks list to itself.  This resulted in a small number of
looped messages.
Also in today's bogus news, a rather testy newbie, Arthur Germain,
subscribed at 8AM Tuesday.  He had unsubscribed by 3PM Tuesday, but
when he got another twenty or thirty messages (that had been sent to
cypherpunks while he was a subscriber, but which hadn't reached him
yet), he forwarded each of them back to the mailing list.  You may or
may not have seen some of these; I killed off further distribution.

@_date: 1995-11-03 17:51:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Transcript of Bernstein hearing is now available 
We received the transcript of October 20's oral hearing from the court
stenographer.  It's up on the EFF Web site at:
This is from Dan Bernstein's case, which is trying to get the crypto
export laws invalidated as unconstitutional.  This particular hearing
is about the government's motion to throw the case out of court
because the courts don't have jurisdiction to decide the issue.  Some
of it is deep legalese, and some of it is quite readable.
There's still no news from the judge on what her decision is, or when
she will decide.

@_date: 1995-11-07 02:38:28
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: New sendmail coming on toad.com; expect disruptions 
Hugh and I will be installing a new sendmail on toad over the next day
or two.  You can expect some delays and troubles from the list over
that period as we shake it down.  We hope that the result will be
faster and better service for y'all.

@_date: 1995-11-09 10:16:55
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: "Industry Group Rebuffs U.S. on Encryption" (NYT 8Nov95, C3) 
A group of 37 companies and trade and privacy associations sent a
letter to Al Gore yesterday, complaining about Clipper-II and crypto
export controls, and promising to send their own policy proposals
to Congress and the Administration within six months.
It's a short story.  I'll leave the exact text to John Young :-).
I've heard that there's a better story in the Washington Post today, too.
I expect we'll see the letter itself within a day or two.

@_date: 1995-11-11 06:50:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Online ITAR and AECA; Bibliography of export control books 
The ITAR is a regulation, not a law.  You can find it via my crypto
export control page at  under
"State Department export guidance".  Or at
ftp://ftp.cygnus.com/pub/export/itar.in.full.  It's 380 kbytes
(but ignorance of it is no excuse!).
That regulation is authorized by the Arms Export Control Act (AECA), a
law (22 USC Sec. 2778).  The law is also available in the same places.
It's only 40 Kbytes.
I own and can recommend several books on export controls.
Layman's books on general export controls and technology policy issues:
90-26801:   Finding common ground : U.S. export controls in a changed
     global environment /  Washington, D.C. : National Academy Press, 1991.
     xviii, 390 p. : ill. ; 24 cm.
     LC CALL NUMBER: HF1414.5 .F56 1991
87-34877:   Technology transfer : a policy model / Philip A. Roberts.
     Washington, DC : National Defense University Press, 1988.  xiii, 86 p.
     ; 21 cm.  LC CALL NUMBER: HC110.T4 R62 1988 SERIES TITLE: A National
     security essay DEWEY DEC: 338.973/06 dc19
93-50697:   Silencing science : national security controls and scientific
     communication / Harold C. Relyea.  Norwood, NJ : Ablex Pub., c1994.      xvii, 248 p. ; 23 cm.  LC CALL NUMBER: Q223 .R45 1994.       SERIES TITLE: Information management, policy, and services.
     DEWEY DEC:  338.97306 dc20.  ISBN:  156750096X; 1567500978 (pbk.)
Lawyer's Tome on export controls, with detailed case citations and such:
91-37498: Root, William A.  United States export controls /  3rd ed.
     Englewood Cliffs, NJ : Prentice Hall Law & Business, c1991-  1 v.
     (loose-leaf) : ill. ; 26 cm.  ISBN:  0139529381
     LC CALL NUMBER: KF1987 .L54 1990.  DEWEY DEC:  353.0082/76 dc20
     [This one is loose-leaf and gets annual updates at $80/year.  I forget
      how much it cost originally.]
By the way, if you're trying to find general references on export
controls or crypto, or anything else, I recommend
`telnet://locis.loc.gov' and searching the Library of Congress card
catalog or the copyright records.  The user interface is IBM mainframe
oriented, but the information is without peer.

@_date: 1995-11-24 02:13:02
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Two 'punky court hearings: Dec 6th, SF and San Jose 
At 9AM on December 6 in San Francisco, the 9th District Court of Appeals
will finally hear the appeal of my original FOIA case against NSA.
At 10AM on December 6 in San Jose, Roger Schlafly's case against RSA Data
Security will hold a hearing on the validity of the Diffie-Hellman,
Hellman-Merkle, RSA, and Schnorr patents.
Mark your calendar!
My hearing is the first (and probably only) oral arguments to the
Court of Appeals.  The overall issue is whether NSA is violating the
law by deliberately taking six months to three years to handle
ordinary FOIA requests.  (And what can/will the courts do about it.)
The specific issue that we appealed on is whether the lower-court
judge in the case has the discretion to throw out a case in which the
government is violating the law, without addressing the problem.
The legal theory is that since the courts are peoples' only recourse
when the government violates its own laws, the court system can't
simply ignore the problem.  This would mean that the people have NO
recourse against a despotic government (except armed or nonviolent
rebellion, which is a terrible solution).
There are lots of other ramifications, since NSA has built up a
formidible wall of nit-picky procedural defenses.  Since the judges
will steer the oral hearing, I don't know whether they'll focus on the
big issue or the gritty details.  I'll work on getting some of the
briefs online.
This case (CA No. 94-16165) is NOT at the Federal Building; the Court
of Appeals is at 121 Spear Street (2 Rincon Center), 4th Floor,
Courtroom 2, 9AM.  I think Rincon Center is the old Post Office at
Mission and Spear Streets.  Spear is "0th Street", downtown between
the Bay and 1st Street.
It probably won't be as much fun as the Bernstein hearings.  But if we
win (here and in a few other hearings), it could pry NSA open to
public accountability.  And this would go a long way toward making
some real progress in the crypto policy debate.  We might actually get
to see the other side's concerns!
If you come, wear a "good clothes" costume.
If I wasn't going to be at my own hearing, I'd be at Roger's.  He has
sued RSA and PKP in the hope of overturning their patents, which they
have been wielding like a club over anyone trying to make progress in
public-key cryptography.  (RSA's idea of reasonable and
non-discriminatory licensing is "How much money do you have?").
Though some companies have disputed RSA's patents, nobody has ever
made a court determine whether the patents are really valid.  Roger
aims to fill that gap.
You may even get to see Jim Bidzos ooze through the courtroom.  In an
earlier hearing in the Schlafly case, Jim claimed that Roger had
insufficient honesty and character because he had held a joint talk
with *me* at Crypto '94 about our respective lawsuits.  Jim described
me to the court as an avowed destroyer of intellectual property
rights, and strongly implied that I had unlawfully revealed their
valuable RC4 trade secret.  It ain't so, on any level, and if he says
something like it again, I want lots of witnesses.
10AM, San Jose federal court, Judge Williams' courtroom.  I hope Roger
will post more details, access info for the legal documents in the
case, and directions to the building.

@_date: 1995-11-24 04:41:21
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bitbux could eliminate some domestic currencies? 
"Sir, Prof Alec Chrystal ... argues that because cash is unimportant, its
replacement by smart cards will have little impact. However, cash is
virtually the only kind of money issued by government (in the UK, more than
99 per cent). If a government cannot issue cash because e-money facilitates
the use of another country's currency  for domestic transactions, it will
lose virtually all its seignorage. The government will have to issue some
=A323 billion extra gilts and then pay about =A32 billion every year in=
 extra
"Moreover, cash circulates much more quickly than bank deposits (it has a
high velocity-adjusted weight). Cash was used for almost 15 billion retail
transactions in the UK in 1993, versus 4 billion for all other methods. So
the currency in which retail transactions is priced is in practice
determined by the denomination of cash. E-money would threaten this
dominance, allowing people to stop using domestic currency completely
(other than for paying taxes).
"The importance of e-money replacing cash is greater than possible effects
on exchange rates. Rather, it might make certain currencies to all intents
and purposes disappear."
Giles Keating
head of global economics
CS First Boston
London, UK

@_date: 1995-11-08 01:54:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Call For Papers - Conference on Redistributable Software 
[I'm hoping that we can get some papers on freely redistributable
*crypto* and *security* software -- like PGP or PEM or SSL_eay or
Kerberos or brute-force tools or SATAN or Java tools or whatever!  I'm
on the program committee and am trying to make the conference as broad
as possible, not just focusing on "traditional" free software.  Help!
Over the past 15 years, free and low-cost software has become ubiquitous.  This conference will bring together implementors of several different types of freely redistributable software and publishers of such software (on various media).
There will be tutorials and refereed papers, as well as keynotes by
        Linus Torvalds and Richard Stallman
The Conference will be held at the Cambridge Center Marriott, 2-5 February 1996.  Papers are invited on any aspect of GNU, Linux, NetBSD, 386BSD, FreeBSD, expect, PERL, tcl/tk, and other tools for which the code is accessible and redistributable.
Extended abstracts are due on or before Thursday, 30 November 1995. Authors will be notified no later than 8 December.
Full papers will be due Thursday, 4 January 1996.
Program committee:
        Peter H. Salus, chair
        Robert J. Chassell
        Chris Demetriou
        John Gilmore
        Marshall Kirk McKusick
        Rich Morin
        Eric S. Raymond         Vernor Vinge
Abstracts of 350-750 words (in troff, PostScript, or straight ASCII, only) should be sent to
        conf96

@_date: 1995-12-14 12:50:39
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Mike Godwin Re: Is there a lawyer in the house? 
Compelling the key from the person you gave it to is easy. (That is,
the answer there is yes, assuming no independent claim of non-Fifth
Amendment-derived privilege.)
Whether you have given it to another person does not automatically make it
easier to compel the key from you. But under certain circumstances (and
in certain jurisdictions) it might -- such as if, for example, you were
relying on a "last link" rule to bar your disclosure of the key. If you were arguing that the disclosure of the key would be a "last link" in a
chain of inculpatory causation, and it could be shown independently that
you had already disclosed the key to someone else, thereby proving that
you possessed the key at one time, your having done so might undermine
your "last link" argument.
Feel free to forward this.

@_date: 1995-12-13 10:48:18
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Spotty c'punks service due to network outages 
Our network service is going up and down, probably due to the storms
in San Francisco.  If you see delays, that's the reason why.  As far
as I know, NSA has not figured out how to control the weather, so it's
not their fault :-).

@_date: 1995-12-13 12:18:22
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Thursday noon, SF: Meatspace rally against cyberspace censorship 
Monday's rally was canceled on account of rain.  There is now a backup
location in case of rain on Thursday.  Check the web page before you leave,
or come to South Park, and the backup location will be close by.  See you
there!     -- John
This is an updated announcement for Thursday's Rally Against Censorship,
with the current list of speakers.  The rally will take place rain or
shine, so hope for the best, bring an umbrella, and spread the word.
                *** NETIZENS!! RALLY AGAINST CENSORSHIP ***
                         Thursday, December 14, 1995
                       at South Park, 12:00 - 1:00 PM
                          San Francisco, California
                           --  Rain or Shine!  --
     **PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST **
Amendment I: "Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of
speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble."
     **PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST **
It's like illiterates telling you what to read. On December 6 members of
the House Conference Committee on Telecommunications Reform approved a
proposal to censor free speech in cyberspace. If the measures are adopted,
the Net and online media will become the most heavily regulated media in
the United States. They *will not* enjoy the First Amendment freedoms now
afforded to print media. Instead, online publishers and users will be held
to a vague and patently un-Constitutional "indecency" standard. "Violators"
will be subject to fines of up to $100,000 and prison terms of up to five
In response, ALL members of the Bay Area media, online, Internet, new
media, and telecommunications communities are invited to participate in a
protest rally to express our outrage that the politicians in Congress
(which is not even connected to the Internet!) are attempting to destroy
our First Amendment rights in cyberspace, and directly attack our
Help stop the demagogues in Washington! There is nothing "decent" about
denying free speech to us, our children, and our children's children.
Preserve our Constitutional rights! Join us!
WHEN: Thursday, December 14, 1995  12:00 - 1:00 PM
WHERE: South Park (between 2nd and 3rd, Bryant and Brannan) San Francisco.
       (In the event of rain, an indoor location will be announced)
SPEAKERS:Mike Godwin, EFF; John Gilmore, co-founder, EFF; Denise Caruso,
New York Times columnist; Jim Warren, online activist; Howard Rheingold,
author; Dave Winer, essayist and software developer; Audrie Krause,
Executive Director, CPSR; Jonathan Steuer, CEO, Cyborganic Corp; Michael
Goldberg, Publisher, Addicted To Noise.
BRING: Attention-grabbing posters, signs, and banners that demonstrate your
committment to free speech and expression, and your feelings about
FOR UPDATED INFORMATION: (Although this event is being organized in the offices of Wired magazine
and HotWired, we are *actively* seeking participation and support from all
members of the local community. Please forward this message to anyone you
think should attend, and to all relevant news groups.)
CONTACT: Todd Lappin -- 415-222-6241 -- protest

@_date: 1995-12-03 18:56:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Java Cup International -- $1,000,000 in prizes 
[Wouldn't it be fun to win an UltraSPARC for writing some free code to
secure Java applications?  The catch is: No entries can use
encryption!  I wonder how they expect electronic commerce, security,
or micropayment systems without encryption.  See the Official Rules.

@_date: 1995-12-05 03:44:38
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SF NSA FOIA appeal hearing canceled on the 6th.  Go to San Jose! 
Wrong!  The three Court of Appeals judges who were selected to review
my case have decided that there is no need for "oral argument" (a
hearing).  They will simply decide based on the written briefs that
they got a year ago when we did the appeal.  This probably means we'll
get a decision sooner rather than later, but we don't know how it will
come out.
Sorry for the false alarm.  I just found out last week.
So, you can feel free to go to Roger Schlafly's crypto patent validity
case in San Jose instead.  I'll repeat the info he provided, below.

@_date: 1995-12-08 15:27:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Rally in SanFran meatspace to protest censorship in cyberspace! 
Spread the word!
                *** NETIZENS!! RALLY AGAINST CENSORSHIP ***
Amendment I: "Congress shall make no law ... abridging the freedom of
speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble."
     **PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST ** PROTEST **
It's like illiterates telling you what to read. On December 6 members of
the House Conference Committee on Telecommunications Reform approved a
proposal to censor free speech in cyberspace. If the measures are adopted,
the Net and online media will become the most heavily regulated media in
the United States. They *will not* enjoy the First Amendment freedoms now
afforded to print media. Instead, online publishers and users will be held
to a vague and patently un-Constitutional "indecency" standard. "Violators"
will be subject to fines of up to $100,000 and prison terms of up to five
In response, ALL members of the Bay Area media, online, Internet, new
media, and telecommunications communities are invited to participate in a
protest rally to express our outrage that the politicians in Congress
(which is not even connected to the Internet!) are attempting to destroy
our First Amendment rights in cyberspace, and directly attack our
Help stop the demagogs in Washington! There is nothing "decent" about
denying free speech to us, our children, and our children's children.
Preserve our Constitutional rights! Join us!
WHEN: Monday, December 11, 1995  12:00 - 1:00 PM
WHERE: South Park (between 2nd and 3rd, Bryant and Brannon) San Francisco.
SPEAKERS: To be announced  [including John Gilmore, Jim Warren, Dave
Winer, Mike Godwin, Howard Rheingold]
BRING: Attention-grabbing posters, signs, and banners that demonstrate your
committment to free speech and expression, and your feelings about
FOR UPDATED INFORMATION: (Although this event is being organized in the offices of Wired magazine
and HotWired, we are *actively* seeking participation and support from all
members of the local community. Please forward this message to anyone you
think should attend, and to all relevant news groups.)
CONTACT: Todd Lappin -- 415-222-6241 -- protest

@_date: 1996-01-05 06:26:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Internet Service Providers (wireless) 
If you want to try a wireless network run by a couple of known
cypherpunk types, browse   Your packets will be moving
over a 2 Mbit/sec wireless network, using AT&T WaveLan
( ISA-bus cards in PC-clone routers
built by KarlNet (  I think of it as a NAN
(Neighborhood Area Network).  The security is only DES at the
card level, but we hope to layer IPSEC (RFC 1825) on top.

@_date: 1996-01-12 04:25:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: BIG NEWS: PRZ investigation dropped! 
Justice Dept. dropped investigation of Phil Zimmermann, declines to They put out a press rel. about it, already got a journo call regarding this.
More when I find it.
    Stanton McCandlish
        mech
         Electronic Frontier Foundation
       Online Activist

@_date: 1996-01-13 18:09:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Shimomura on BPF, NSA and Crypto 
Tsutomu says the NSA is inept rather than inherently evil.  I think he
concluded this because they declined to fund his work.  An ept and
evil NSA would want Tsutomu on the payroll.
Tsutomu's stealth version of the Berkeley packet filter did a lot more
than modload into the kernel.  He was paid by the Air Force to design
one that could patch itself into SunOS kernels invisibly, even into
kernels with no modload support at all.  It had special code that
would search through the kernel binary for references to the address
of the Ethernet chip, and patch itself in during the very low level
interrupt handling.  It was highly optimized so it wouldn't show up by
loading down the machine, and it did things like decrement the
interrupt counter so that even the extra interrupts caused by running
the Ethernet chip in 'receive every packet on the wire' mode wouldn't
be visible.  He talked about enhancements that would automatically
forward packets of interest back out onto the Internet, so the whole
shebang would hide in kernel memory, never visible to users, never
running any processes or altering any files.  Think of it as Digital
Telephony wiretap technology for the Internet.
The idea was to design something that you could run on a machine
without the owner ever finding out about it.  To break into that
person's network.  It's a tool customized for crackers.  It's one
of the tools that Mitnick was after when he broke into Tsutomu's
Tsutomu actually wrote and ran this stealth BPF code (as well as
designing it) and got into a tiff with the Air Force.  They wanted the
code, not just the design paper they'd commissioned.  He countered by
offering to post the code to the net, with a copyright that let anyone
EXCEPT the government use it, if they wouldn't pay him for the paper.
I don't know how the situation was eventually resolved.
Tsutomu has lots of glib rhetoric about how he just builds tools and
they can be used for good or evil.  This tool is custom-designed for
evil.  Maybe in wartime the Air Force will want to inflict evil on an
opponent.  Or maybe instead they'll pass it to a latter-day J. Edgar
Hoover.  Either way, it's evil.  It doesn't become good when you
inflict it on someone you dislike.

@_date: 1996-01-20 10:48:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EE Times mentions c'punks scrutiny as helping Netscape 
Electronic Engineering Times, Jan 8, 1996, pg. 22
"Net battleground awaits Microsoft's salvo", by Larry Lange.
[skip half a page]...
Security stand-off
The side skirmish over security protocols for credit-card payments
over the Net is just beginning to heat up.  The major combatants here
are Netscape's Secure Socket Layer (SSL), Enterprise Integration
Technologies' Secure Hypertext Protocol (S-HTTP) -- which may yet wind
up under Netscape's wing -- and Microsoft's fairly recent stab at the
issue in the form of its Secure Transaction Technology (STT).
Netscape is way ahead of the game here, having successfully weathered
the scrutiny of the ``cypherpunks'' -- above-board encryption hackers
who look for security holes.

@_date: 1996-02-13 19:32:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Stewart Baker's web site & OECD international crypto policy 
Stewart used to be General Counsel for NSA.  He retired to move into
private law practice with Steptoe & Johnson.  He has a variety of
short papers on encryption, network law & policy available on his
law firm's web site, My favorite was his summary report on the OECD meeting in December,
~steptoe/286908.htm, at which the US tried to parade some of the
fruits of its behind-the-scenes efforts to convince other governments
to become as authoritarian as the US government on crypto policy.
If the US government can quietly convince other countries to support
Clipper-like systems (including "mandatory key escrow" and "trusted
third parties") then they can say, "See, this is a real problem -- all
these other countries are having to deal with it too."  Of course, if
their covert US efforts to stir these people up become widely known, the
technique will have less impact.
The US government's efforts have failed to convince citizens and
industry that there's a problem, when they won't tell us what the
problem is but assure us that it's a really big problem.  Our own
government is now colluding with other governments -- against us and
their own citizens -- in a joint attempt to attempt to rob the
ordinary people of the world of our rights to privacy, free speech,
and free assembly.
It would be interesting to see notes from other participants in the
same OECD meeting(s).  Another 1-hour meeting was scheduled in
Canberra on Feb 9.  Anyone know what happened there?
Love your country but never trust its government.

@_date: 1996-02-14 15:50:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: AT&T Public Policy Research -- hiring for cypherpunks issues 
Last July, we started a new Public Policy Research department at
AT&T. We're writing to ask if you have friends, students, or colleagues
who could contribute to this new enterprise. We are looking both for
software hackers and for Ph.D. level researchers who are comfortable
with software but bring expertise in economics, politics, law, or
sociology. There is also an opening for a senior researcher with strong
management skills to head the department.
We're very excited about the prospects for this department. The
fundamental premise is that communication systems can provide the glue
that holds society together, in many cases more effectively and less
intrusively than governments can. We will explore the interplay of
software tools, rules, and rewards, as means of governance in electronic
markets and other virtual public spaces. In other words, how can we make
it safe, fun, and profitable to interact with people you do not know
very well?
Throughout the company, there is untapped energy that lingers from the
days when AT&T had a clear public mission of universal telephone service
for everyone in the United States. This department can offer a new
public-oriented mission. The enclosures briefly describe some sample
In spite of, or perhaps because of the recent breakup, the company is
continuing to invest in research. About 300 technical staff from the old
Bell Labs, mostly computer scientists, are part of the new AT&T Research
organization. Research areas include databases, programming languages,
software engineering, speech, cryptography and security, human factors,
collaborative applications, and more. Many departments will be hiring.
Like the former Bell Labs, the work environment is informal but intense
and intellectually rigorous.  External publication is encouraged. We
measure success by leadership and impact, in the academic research
community, in AT&T's business, and in the world.  Please feel free to send us suggestions or pass this letter on to anyone
you think may be interested. In addition to permanent positions, there
are also opportunities for sabbaticals, post-docs, and summer
Thanks in advance for any assistance you can provide.
Paul Resnick	
Member of Technical Staff
Public Policy Research Department	
Eric Sumner
Director, Network Services Research Laboratory
P.S. You may also receive this message by paper mail: we're trying to make
it as easy as possible for you to pass it along to people who might be
Paul Resnick			AT&T Research
Public Policy Research		Room 2C-430B
908-582-5370 (voice)		600 Mountain Avenue
908-582-4113 (fax)		P.O. Box 636

@_date: 1996-02-28 13:57:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: PGP source code book sold out! 
Dear John --
The PGP Source Code book is now out of print.  We assumed there
would only be limited interest in the source code, so we printed
only 1500 copies.  When we sold out of this run (just last month), we decided not to reprint, given that the 3.0 release is due this spring.
Terry Ehling
The MIT Press

@_date: 1996-03-07 11:26:12
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF Statement on Leahy/Burns/Murray Crypto Bill 
New "Encrypted Communications Privacy Act" - Enabling Electronic Envelopes FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                         ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
                                                             +1 415 436 9333
                                                                 ask
March 5, 1996                                             The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is encouraged to see
Congressional support for lifting restrictions on encryption and
affirming privacy rights for U.S. citizens.  The bill introduced today
by Senators Pat Leahy (D-VT), Patricia Murray (D-WA) and Conrad Burns
(R-MT) is an important step in reclaiming privacy and encryption
rights for society and business.  The bill would legalize wide use of
"electronic envelopes" to protect private information.  Today this
information travels on "electronic postcards" which can easily be
altered or intercepted.  However, the bill also includes key escrow
and obstruction of justice provisions which would cause problems if
"The bill provides a new opportunity to bring reason into the crypto policy debate," said EFF co-founder John Gilmore.  "We support the Senators for bringing their energy into the process.  The bill is a
good start, and with healthy debate and modification, it could become
acceptable legislation."
Electronic privacy and encryption policy is extremely complex because
it intertwines our constitutional rights of free speech, publication,
association, and protection from self-incrimination and unreasonable
search, with issues of wiretapping, spying, military security,
personal privacy, and computer security.  This bill would pick a new
balance among these competing interests, with long-term impacts on our
society and economy.  EFF is committed to working with government,
industry and public interest organizations to raise the level of
understanding and debate in resolving these complex issues.
Export Control Liberalization
The Electronic Frontier Foundation
1550 Bryant St., Suite 725
San Francisco CA 94103 USA
+1 415 436 9333 (voice)
+1 415 436 9993 (fax)
Internet: ask
John Gilmore, Co-founder and Member of the Board
gnu  +1 415 221 6524

@_date: 1996-03-20 20:10:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: First encrypted online backup service? 
Actually it looks like they're set up for modem access, but I
presume that if there's any serious demand they'd do it over the Internet.
Of course, Would You Trust Your Backups To This Man?  If the random
key generated for it was later found to be not random enough, or if
any of a dozen other bugs or breakthroughs make the encryption
penetrable, would you want to have transmitted every bit of data in
your computer, to a site you don't know very well, and to all
interested eavesdroppers?  Using proprietary and unverified software?
Or even using free software?
Maybe some reliable cypherpunk should run such a service.  Examine
what comes through and gets written on tape.  Superencipher it
yourself before writing it on tape, and keep your own keys securely;
maybe with a secret sharing scheme, and a tree of keys that requires
going offline to other backup tapes to recover the key for a
particular backup tape.  And as you look at your customers' data,
remember Robert Morris's  piece of advice to cryptanalysts: "Look
for plaintext".  It shows up in the darnedest places where it
shouldn't.  A c'punk backup service would warn you if you tried to
push plaintext into it.  Though it'd store it for you regardless: the
customer might care a lot more about being able to retain a copy of
their data than they care about whether anyone else could see it.
I hope they find a market and some workable solutions to these issues.
It'd be nice to have automatic backups of my data kept securely in a
few spots around the globe for some reasonable price.
Forwarded-by: Stanton McCandlish Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.news
Organization: National Computer Company
X-Mailer: Mozilla 1.1 (Windows; U; 16bit)

@_date: 1996-03-27 02:03:58
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: MUSE (Mail Ubiquitous Security Extensions) discussion starting 
Don Eastlake has written an internet-draft proposing to add signatures
and encryption to the Internet mail-delivery system.  The two big
differences between his proposal and past proposals are:
I encourage cypherpunks to read his draft and to participate in the
discussion and/or implementation that results.
The general MUSE web page is at   You
can find the hypermail'd mailing list archives there, as well as the
Internet-Draft (draft-eastlake-muse-00.txt).  I hope that soon the
Web page will tell you how to join or exit the mailing list, too!
One initial technical question I have about MUSE is why to bother
encapsulating email messages while in transit in more layers of MIME
glop?  Why not just run IP Security between the sendmail daemons
involved, and have the receiving sendmail daemon note in the Received
header that the message arrived over an authenticated connection?
IPSEC provides your choice of authentication and/or encryption, and
already uses the keys from the Domain Name System.  IPSEC solves many
other problems as well as the particular secure/private email delivery
problem.  And deploying a Real Application (sendmail) that uses IPSEC
would shake it out and get it widely used.

@_date: 1996-04-10 18:39:47
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records 
I thought that most or all of the cypherpunk anonymous remailers don't
keep records.  Not even on backup tapes.  The whole idea is that there
aren't logs.  But maybe they have found some remailers that are
non-cypherpunk.  And I haven't verified the truth of what's in the msg
below.  If anyone hears anything, please let me (or eff know.
        farber (Dave Farber)
Seems like it's just a tad overbroad, if true.  Another example of, "all
the 'justice' that one can buy"?

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:37:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SF BAY event: Goodlatte, Burns, Pressler, Diffie, Hellman, Merkle, ... 
The event costs $35 (or $20 if you're a Churchill Club member).  Probably
plus the price of dinner -- this wasn't clear from their recording.
I wish I would be in town for it.  Someone do a trip report, please!  -- gnu
My name is Kate Apgar and I am the executive director of the a non-profit, nonpartisan organization called the Churchill Club.  We present about 20 programs a year with topics ranging from arts, entertainment, education, foreign affairs, economics, medicine and high technology. We are hosting a program on cryptography.  One of the keynote speakers is Congressman Goodlatte (see description of program below). If this information is appropriate, please post and let us know. Thank you for your time.
Information Security and the 20th Anniversary of Public Key Cryptography
Monday, April 29, 1996
Marriott Hotel, Burlingame, CA
5:30 PM Full Dinner
6:30 PM Program
KEYNOTE SPEAKERS:
Senator Conrad Burns (R, MT)
Senator Larry Pressler (R, SD)
Congressman Robert Goodlatte (R, VA)
David Morris, Vice President, Cylink Corp.
Jim Omura, Chief Technology Officer, Cylink Corp.
James Freeman, Special Agent in Charge, FBI
Phil Mellinger, Chief Engineer, Government Securities Assoc.
Paul Raines, Project Manager, United State Postal Service
Whitfield Diffie, Martin Hellman and Ralph Merkle - Pioneers and original patent holders for public key cryptography
Economic espionage is costing the nation billions of dollars in lost business every year.  U.S. companies are in danger of losing everything from trade secrets and proprietary financial information , to the bottom line figures on contract bills.  Three bills are now in Congress to protect government, business and home computer users from outside snooping of sensitive information.  These proposed new laws have been written to encourage the use of encryption and loosen export restrictions on encryption technology.  Congressman Goodlatte is the author of one of these bills.  April 1996 is also the 20th anniversary of the creation of Public Key Cryptography.  The three principal pioneers and patent holders will also be present to share their views on the need for strong encryption.  Morris of Cylink Corp. will provide an overview of what state-of-the-art security solutions are needed, and available, to truly protect business from unauthorized access.  James Freeman of the FBI will discuss the recent study on industrial espionage and Paul Raines from the U.S. Postal Service will talk about electronic postmarking and certificate authority key registry bureau.
TO REGISTER:
Please call (408) 371-4460
or fax reservations (408) 371-4180
or email chrchllclb
PRESENTED BY THE CHURCHILL CLUB

@_date: 1996-04-13 23:25:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: InfoWarCon: Call for Papers (Sept in Wash DC) 
Here's our chance to talk with, learn from, and educate the folks who
are pushing the concept of information warfare and seeing where it
goes.  The conference itself costs $1000 to attend, but I bet it's
free to speakers.  So dig out some related concept you've been wanting
to pin down on paper, write it up, and send it in.  It'd be pretty
silly to run or defend against an InfoWar without the cypherpunks, so
let's introduce ourselves before the hostilities begin.  I've got a
paper in mind...
Excerpted from   Note that this "NCSA"
is the National Computer Security Association, not the guys who wrote
"NCSA Telnet".
Fifth International Information Warfare Conference
"Dominating the Battlefields of Business and War
Sept 5-6, 1996, Washington, DC
Call for Papers
We are seeking forward thinking papers, demonstrations and interactive
concepts for presentation to an audience of 1000+ attendees;
representing civilian and military from more than 20 countries, all
branches of the US Government and the top US corporations.
The papers should offer new perspectives, attitudes, studies, and
technologies that can be used for the advancement of the field. You
are free to submit on any subject matter, including, but not limited
 Battlefield Dominance
 Industrial Espionage
 Military Perspectives
 Policy Quagmires
 Personal Privacy
 Denial of Service
 Terrorism and Counter-Terrorism
 Threats to Global Electronic Commerce
 Anonymous International Bankings
 The convergence of the commercial and the military in the
     Post Cold War World
 InfoWar Technologies
 Case Studies
 Your thoughts and ideas
Please submit your 1-2 page concept white papers NO LATER than Sunday,
May 5, 1996.  The evaluation committee will let you know the results
by Wednesday, May 15, 1996.  We will need your complete submission no
later than Monday, July 15, 1996.
Send your papers to Betty
InfoWar Conference
 Copyright, 1995, NCSA .

@_date: 1996-04-18 11:18:42
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF/Bernstein Press Release 
April 17, 1996
Denying the government's motion for dismissal in mathematician Daniel Bernstein's suit against the State Department, Judge Marilyn Patel in the Northern District of California ruled Monday that source code in Bernstein's cryptographic algorithm, "Snuffle," is speech that is protected from prior restraint by the First Amendment.
LANDMARK RULING
This is the first time a U.S. court has ruled that source code is speech under First Amendment analysis. Previously, courts have held that software is speech for copyright law only.
The decision states in part: "This court can find no meaningful difference between computer language, particularly high-level languages as defined above, and German or French....Like music and mathematical equations, computer language is just that, language, and it communicates information either to a computer or to those who can read it....Thus, even if Snuffle source code, which is easily compiled into object code for the computer to read and easily used for encryption, is essentially functional, that does not remove it from the realm of speech....For the purposes of First Amendment analysis, this court finds that source code is speech."
(The full text of the decision can be found at Judge Patel's acknowledgment that source code enjoys Constitutional protection has implications that reach far beyond cases involving the export of cryptography. The decision holds importance to the future of secure electronic commerce and lays the groundwork needed to expand First Amendment protection to electronic communication.
Because of its far-reaching implications, the Bernstein case is being watched closely not only by privacy advocates, but by the entire computer industry, the export and cryptography communities and First Amendment CASE WILL PROCEED
The decision allows Bernstein to continue with his lawsuit that the International Traffic in Arms Regulation (ITAR) acts as a prior restraint on speech and that the ITAR is overbroad and vague. EFF is very pleased with Judge Patel's ruling and believes that it bodes well for Bernstein's ultimate success in trial, which is now scheduled to proceed with the normal pre-trial and trial sequence of events.
The court drew an important distinction between the Bernstein case and other cases involving export controls on cryptography. The government has cited several cases involving the Export Administration Act as reasons why the Bernstein case should be dismissed. Judge Patel recognized that the Constitutional questions being raised by Bernstein differ significantly from the policy questions raised in the cases introduced by the government.
Judge Patel also ruled that Bernstein could bring his case even though the Arms Export Control Act specifically precludes judicial review, because what Bernstein is asking the court to review (i.e., the constitutionality of the statute and its regulations) was not what had been precluded (i.e., the government's determination in a particular instance whether or not something was exportable).  "With respect to constitutional questions, the judicial branch not only possesses the requisite expertise to adjudicate these issues, it is also the best and final interpreter of them."
CASE BACKGROUND
As part of her decision, Judge Patel determined that only the source code was at issue in the case, not Bernstein's academic paper describing the source code.  Bernstein tried to get the government to rule separately on the paper and the code back in 1993 by filing separate commodity jurisdiction requests.  The State Department merged the requests and rejected them all.  On June 29, 1995, after Bernstein and EFF filed suit, the government sent Bernstein a letter saying that the paper could be published and never had been forbidden.  While Judge Patel claimed that the issue of the paper now appeared to be moot, she commented, "It is disquieting than an item defendants now contend could not be subject to regulation was apparently categorized as a defense article and subject to licensing for nearly two years, and was only reclassified after plaintiff initiated this action."
THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
EFF, a non-profit civil liberties organization working in the public interest to protect privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and information, is a primary sponsor of the Bernstein case. EFF helped to find Bernstein pro bono legal counsel, is a member of the Bernstein legal team, and organized amicus briefs from members of the academic community and computer industry to support this case.

@_date: 1996-04-19 04:54:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: auto-spam of c'punks list 
Someone or something bogusly subscribed a bunch of people to the
cypherpunks list.  Please don't post any more messages running down
the "newbies".  None of these people subscribed; they were victims of
a nasty prank.
I just removed 237 people from the c'punks and c'punks-announce lists
who appear to have been subscribed by email forgery.  I probably
missed a few.  For the folks who are getting this message and who don't
want to be on the cypherpunks list(s), it's easy to unsubscribe.  Send
email to:
that contains these lines:
Sorry for any hassle,

@_date: 1996-04-20 03:08:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Here's the judge's decision in the Bernstein case 
[Forgive the scannos in the interest of speed.  This is also at  UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
NORTHERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA
DANIEL J. BERNSTEIN,                |	No. C-95-0582 MHP
               Plaintiff,           |	OPINION
           vs.                      |
UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF STATE   |        et al.,                             | 			                   Defendants.          |
Plaintiff Daniel Bernstein brought this action against the Department of
State and the individually named defendants seeking declaratory and
injunctive relief from their enforcement of the Arms Export Control Act
("AECA"), 22 U.S.C.  2778, and the International Traffic in Arms
Regulations ("ITAR"), 22 C.F.R. Sections 120-30 (1994), on the grounds that
they are unconstitutional on their face and as applied to plaintiff. Now
before this court is defendants' motion to dismiss for lack of
Having considered the parties' arguments and submissions, and for the
reason set forth below, the court enters the following memorandum and
BACKGROUND 2
At the time this action was filed, plaintiff was a PhD candidate in
mathematics at University of California at Berkeley working in the field
of cryptography, an area of applied mathematics that seeks to develop
confidentiality in electronic communication.
     A.   Cryptography
Encryption basically involves running a readable message known as
"plaintext" through a computer program that translates the message
according to an equation or algorithm into unreadable "ciphertext."
Decryption is the translation back to plaintext when the message is
received by someone with an appropriate "key." The message is both
encrypted and decrypted by common keys. The uses of cryptography are
far-ranging in an electronic age, from protecting personal messages over
the Internet and transactions on bank ATMs to ensuring the of military
As a graduate student, Bernstein developed an encryption algorithm he
calls "Snuffle." He describes Snuffle as a zerodelay private-key
encryption system. Complaint Exh. A. Bernstein has articulated his
mathematical ideas in two ways: in an academic paper in English entitled
"The Snuffle Encryption System," and in "source code" written in "C", a
high-level computer programming language,3 detailing both the encryption
and decryption, which he calls "Snuffle.c" and
"Unsnuffle.c", respectively. Once source code is converted into "object
code," a binary system consisting of a series of 0s and 1s read by a
computer, the computer is capable of encrypting and decrypting data. 4
       B. Statutory and Regulatory Background
The Arms Export Control Act authorizes the President to control the
import and export of defense articles and defense services by
designating such items to the United States Munitions List ("USML").  22
U.S.C.  2778(a)(1). Once on the USML, and unless otherwise exempted, a
defense article or service requires a license before it can be imported
or exported. 22 U.S.C.  2778(b)(2).
The International Traffic in Arms Regulations, 22 C.F.R. Sections 120-30, were
promulgated by the Secretary of State, who was authorized by executive
order to implement the AECA. The ITAR is administered primarily within
the Department of State by the Director of the Office of Defense Trade
Controls ("ODTC"), Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs. The ITAR allows
for a "commodity jurisdiction procedure" by which the ODTC determines if
an article or service is covered by the USML when doubt exists about an
item. 22 C.F.R.  120.4(a).
Categories of items covered by the USNL are enumerated at section 121.1.
Category XIII, Auxiliary Military Equipment, includes "Cryptographic
(including key management) systems, equipment, assemblies, modules,
integrated circuits, components
or software with the capability of maintaining secrecy or
confidentiality of information or information systems .... __ _      121 XIII(b)(l). A number of applications of cryptography are excluded,
such as those used in automated teller machines and certain mass market
software products that use encryption. Id.
C. Plaintiff's Commodity Jurisdiction Determinations On June 30, 1992
Bernstein submitted a commodity jurisdiction ("CJ") request to the State
Department to determine whether three items were controlled by ITAR.
Those items were Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle.c (together referred to as
Snuffle 5.0), each submitted in C language source files, and his
academic paper describing the Snuffle system. Complaint Exh. A. On
August 20, 1992 the ODTC informed Bernstein that after consultation with
the Departments of Commerce and Defense it had determined that the
commodity Snuffle 5.0 was a defense article under Category XIII of the
ITAR and subject to licensing by the Department of State prior to
export. The ODTC identified the item as a "stand-alone cryptographic
algorithm which is not incorporated into a finished software product."
Complaint Exh. B. The ODTC further informed plaintiff that a commercial
software product incorporating Snuffle 5.0 may not be subject to State
Department control and should be submitted as a new commodity
jurisdiction request.
Plaintiff and ODTC exchanged copious and contentious correspondence
regarding the licensing requirements during the spring of 1993. Still
unsure if his academic paper had been included in the ODTC CJ
determination of August 20, 1992, Bernstein submitted a second CJ
request on July 15, 1993, asking for a separate determination for each
of five items. According to plaintiff these items were 1) the paper,
"The Snuffle Encryption System," 2) Snuffle.c, 3) Unsnuffle.c, 4) a
description in English of how to use Snuffle, and 5) instructions in
English for programming a computer to use Snuffle.5 On October 5, 1993
the ODTC notified Bernstein that all of the referenced items were
defense articles under Category XIII(b)(1). Complaint Exh. E; Defendant
Exh. 18. After plaintiff initiated this action, the ODTC wrote to
plaintiff to clarify that the CJ determinations pertained only to
Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle.c and not to the three items of explanatory
information, including the paper. Defendant Exh. 21. Bernstein appealed
the first commodity jurisdiction determination on September 22, 1993.
That appeal is still pending.
Plaintiff seeks to publish and communicate his ideas on cryptography.
Because "export" under the ITAR includes "[d]isclosing . . . technical
data to a foreign person, whether in the United States or abroad",
Bernstein asserts that he is not free to teach the Snuffle algorithm, to
disclose it at
academic conferences, or to publish it in journals or online discussion
groups without a license.
LEGAL STANDARD
A motion to dismiss will be denied unless it appears that the plaintiff
can prove no set of facts which would entitle him or her to relief.
Conlev v. Gibson, 355 U.S. 41, 45-46 (1957); Fidelity Financial Corp. v.
Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco, 792 F.2d 1432, 1435 (9th Cir.
1986), cert. denied, 479 U.S. 1064 (1987). All material allegations in
the complaint will be taken as true and construed in the light most
favorable to the plaintiff. NL Industries. Inc. v. Kaplan, 792 F.2d 896,
898 (9th Cir. 1986). Although the court is generally confined to
consideration of the allegations in the pleadings, when the complaint is
accompanied by attached documents, such documents are deemed part of the
complaint and may be considered in evaluating the merits of a Rule
12(b)(6) motion. Durning v. First Boston Corp., 815 F.2d 1265, 1267 (9th
Cir.), cert. denied sub. nom. Wyomina Community Dev. Auth. v. Durning,
484 U.S. 944 (1987).
Plaintiff makes a number of allegations of unconstitutionality with
respect to the AECA and ITAR. Specifically, plaintiff alleges that the
act and accompanying regulations, both facially and as applied, are a
infringement on speech, act as an unconstitutional prior restraint on
speech, are vague and overbroad, and infringe the rights of association
and equal protection. Bernstein also alleges that the CJ request and
registration processes as well as the licensing procedures are
unconstitutional, although he does not state the basis of their
unconstitutionality. Finally, plaintiff alleges that the actions of
defendants are arbitrary and capricious and constitute an abuse of
discretion under the Administrative Procedure Act, 5 U.S.C. Sections 701 et ~g
Defendants move to dismiss on the grounds that these issues are
I. Justiciability The AECA plainly states:
The designation by the President (or by an official to whom the
President's functions under subsection (a) of this section have been
duly delegated), in regulations issued under this section, of items as
defense articles or defense services for purposes of this section shall
not be subject to judicial review. 22 U.S.C.  2778(h). Defendants
conclude that this language, as well as the Constitution, precludes
review of commodity jurisdiction determinations by this court. Plaintiff
does not dispute this assessment. Defendants characterize this action as
an attempt to obtain judicial review of their CJ determinations to place
plaintiff's cryptographic items on the USML; as such, they maintain the
action is precluded. However, this characterization does not comport
with either the complaint
itself or plaintiff's repeated assertions that he is not seeking
judicial review of defendants' CJ decision, but of the constitutionality
of the statute and its regulations.
It is well established under the political question doctrine that courts
do not have the expertise to examine sensitive political questions
reserved for the other branches of government. See Baker v. Carr, 369
U.S. 186 (1962). More to the point, as defendants note, the
determination of whether an item should be on the USML "possesses nearly
every trait that the Supreme Court has enumerated traditionally renders
a question 'political."' United States v. Martinez, 904 F.2d 601, 602
(llth Cir. 1990) (finding the CJ determination nonjusticiable without
deciding if the then recent amendment to the AECA precluding judicial
review applied to that case). However, a review of a particular CJ
decision is a distinctly different question from a constitutional
challenge to a statute. In Martinez, the Eleventh Circuit noted that
defendants had not alleged a constitutional violation.6 904 F.2d at 603.
With respect to constitutional questions, the judicial branch not only
possesses the requisite expertise to adjudicate these issues, it is also
the best and final interpreter of them. Furthermore, as plaintiff points
out, federal courts have consistently addressed constitutional issues in
the context of national security concerns. See. e.q., New York Times Co.
v. United States, 403 U.S. 713 (1971); Haia v. Aaee,
453 U.S. 280 (1981). Because the issues before this court do not
necessitate a factual inquiry into the CJ determination, but a legal one
into broader constitutional claims, the question is whether the
statutory preclusion of judicial review of CJ decisions also embraces
this court's review of the statute's constitutionality. 7
Defendants cite a number of Ninth Circuit cases that reject the
reviewability of commodity designations under the analogous Export
Administration Act, 50 U.S.C. App. Sections 2401 et seq., administered by the
Commerce Department. Because this court is not reviewing the CJ
determination itself, those cases miss the mark. Of those cases,
however, United States v. Bozarov, 974 F.2d 1037 (9th Cir. 1992), cert.
denied, 507 U.S. 917 (1993), is instructive.
In Bozarov the defendant was charged with exporting items on the
Commerce Control List ("CCL")--which is akin to the USML--without a
license in violation of the statute. The items, which were computer disk
manufacturing equipment, had been listed on the CCL for national
security reasons. Bozarov challenged the constitutionality of the Act's
preclusion of judicial review. In upholding the preclusion of review,
however, the court noted its decision was "bolstered by the fact that
certain limited types of judicial review are available under the EAA
despite the Act's seemingly absolute preclusion of review. First,
colorable constitutional claims may be reviewed by the courts even when
a statute otherwise
precludes judicial review." Id. at 1044 (citing Webster v. Doe, 486 U.S.
592, 602-05 (1988)). In fact, in order to reach the question of whether
it was constitutional to preclude judicial review, the Ninth Circuit had
to first find the issue justiciable. There, even the government conceded
that Bozarov's nondelegation challenge amounted to a colorable
constitutional claim. 974 F.2d at 1044 n.7. More definitive still is the
Supreme Court's decision in Webster_, where it addressed whether
employment decisions by the Director of the CIA were subject to judicial
review. In Webster, plaintiff Doe was discharged from the CIA after
informing the agency that he was a homosexual. He contested his
termination partly on constitutional grounds. The Court held that the
applicable statute bestowed so much discretion on the CIA Director in
terminating employees that judicial review of those decisions was
precluded under section 701(a)(2) of the APA. However, the Court made
clear that such a holding did not preclude review of constitutional
claims, noting that where Congress intends to preclude judicial review
of constitutional claims its intent to do so must be clear.... We
require this heightened showing in part to avoid the "serious
constitutional question" that would arise if a federal statute were
construed to deny any judicial forum for a colorable constitutional
claim. 486 U.S. at 603 (citations omitted). 8 In the instant case,
Congress has clearly precluded review of CJ determinations under the
AECA, 22 U.S.C.  2778(h). But it has just as clearly tailored the
preclusion of review to the designation by the President or his delegate
"of items as
I defense articles or defense services for the purposes of this
section." Id. Moreover, the language of section (h) indicates that it
pertains only to delegations of the President's "functions under
subsection (a) of this section." Those functions do not include
constitutional determinations.
As this court finds that the AECA does not preclude judicial review of
colorable constitutional claims, it must determine if plaintiff's claims
are colorable in order to decide the issue of justiciability.
  II.  Colorability of Plaintiff's Constitutional Claims
Defendants maintain that plaintiff has raised no colorable
constitutional claim because this case does not concern "speech"
protected by the First Amendment, and even if it does, the minimal
infringement is excusable under O'Brien v. United
U.S. 367 (1968). Defendant's further argue that plaintiff has not made a
colorable claim that the CJ determinations constitute a prior restraint
or that the AECA and ITAR are overbroad or vague.9 Plaintiff responds
that the items that were subject to CJ determinations are speech of the
most protected kind.
       A.   Analytical Framework
To determine if Bernstein states a "colorable constitutional claim," it
is helpful to know what standard obtains. Colorability, a concept often
employed by courts, is
rarely defined. Not surprisingly, discussions of colorability appear to
be highly specific to both the claim and context in which they arise.
The Ninth Circuit has adopted the proposition that a constitutional
claim is not colorable if it is clearly immaterial and made only for the
purposes of jurisdiction, or "is wholly insubstantial or frivolous."
Hoye v. Sullivan, 985 F.2d 990, 991-92 (9th Cir. 1993) (citing Boettcher
v. Secretary of HHS, 759 F.2d 719, 722 (9th Cir. 1985)).
On a number of occasions the Ninth Circuit has addressed whether
constitutional claims were colorable in the context of national security
decisions. These have been largely due process and equal protection
challenges to revocations of a security clearance. Dorfmont v. Brown,
913 F.2d 1399 (9th Cir. 1990), cert. denied, 499 U.S. 905 (1991); High
Tech Gays v. Defense Ind. Sec. Clearance Off., 895 F.2d 563 (9th Cir.),
reh'a denied, en banc, 909 F.2d 375 (1990); Dubbs v. CIA, 866 F.2d 1114
(9th Cir. 1989).
In Dorfmont the court held that there was no cognizable liberty or
property interest in a security clearance that could give rise to a due
process claim and therefore the claim was not colorable. The Dorfmont
court noted, however, that it had found equal protection challenges to
security clearance denials colorable in Hiah Tech Gays. 913 F.2d at
1403. In fact, in Hiah Tech Gays the court bypassed the issue of
colorability altogether and concluded on the merits that homosexuals
not a suspect or quasi-suspect class for purposes of heightened equal
protection scrutiny.10 Plaintiffs in High Tech Gays had also brought a
First Amendment claim based on freedom of association. The court found
that plaintiffs had failed to allege or show a security clearance had
been denied solely by reason of their membership in a gay organization
and, therefore, there was no case or controversy with respect to that
claim. In Dorfmont the court described its disposition of the First
Amendment claim in Hiah Tech Gays as failure "to allege sufficient facts
to raise a justiciable First Amendment claim." 913 F.2d at 1403 n.2. It
is unclear whether the court's discussion of justiciability in Dorfmont
applies to lack of colorabilty, and if so, what standard it implies. As
Hoye is the most recently and clearly articulated of the Ninth Circuit's
attempts to define colorability, its standard will govern the court's
analysis in this case.
     B.   Analysis
Neither party agrees on exactly which items are at issue in this case,
which confounds the analysis of whether subjecting them to a licensing
requirement raises a colorable First Amendment claim. Defendants claim
that only Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle.c are controlled by the USML and
subject to the I licensing requirement. This is based on the 1995 letter
the ODTC sent to plaintiff after he had filed suit in which it clarified
that the CJ determinations did not include any
explanatory information, including the paper. This clarification would
have been more appropriate in response to plaintiff's letter of July 15,
1993. Bernstein claims that his paper, "The Snuffle Encryption System,"
remains on the USML and that he has not been able to publish it without
a license. It seems evident from the correspondence between Bernstein
and the ODTC that the paper was indeed determined to be on the USML at
the latest by October 5, 1993, but that as of June 29, 1995, the ODTC
disavowed that decision. It is disquieting that an item defendants now
contend could not be subject to regulation was apparently categorized as
a defense article and subject to licensing for nearly two years, and was
only reclassified after plaintiff initiated this action. Nonetheless,
given defendants' reevaluation, the claims pertaining to the paper now
appear moot.12
          1.   Speech
The paper, an academic writing explaining plaintiff's scientific work in
the field of cryptography, is speech of the most protected kind. See
Sweezv v. New Hampshire, 354 U.S. 234, 249-50 (1957) (noting the
importance of protecting scholarship and academic inquiry). Nor do
defendants contest this. Rather, defendants contend that Snuffle.c and
Unsnuffle.c--the source code for the encryption program--are not speech
but conduct. Plaintiff argues that computer code inscribed on paper,
like any non-English language, is speech
protected by the First Amendment .13 Plaintiff further argues that even
functional software is treated as protectable expression under copyright
law. 14
Defendants urge this court to find the source code for Snuffle
unprotected conduct rather than speech. They cite Texas v. Johnson, 491
U.S. 397 (1989), for the proposition that conduct must be "'sufficiently
imbued with the elements of communication"' to fall within the
protections of the First Amendment. Id. at 404 (quoting Spence v.
Washington, 418 U.S. 405, 409 (1974)). In evaluating the communicative
aspects of burning a flag in Texas v. Johnson, the Court framed the
inquiry as whether the conduct entails an intent to convey a particular
message and the likelihood of that message being understood. Id.
According to defendants, the source code, as a functioning cryptographic
product, is not intended to convey a particular message. It cannot be
speech, they say, because its purpose is functional rather than
However, the Court in both Johnson and Spence, the flag desecration case
upon which Johnson relies, inquired into the communicative nature of
conduct only after concluding that the act at issue was indeed conduct
and not speech. Both cases strongly imply that a court need only assess
the expressiveness of conduct in the absence of "the spoken or written
word." Johnson, 491 U.S. at 404; see Spence, 418 U.S. at 409 ("To be
sure, appellant did not choose to articulate his views through printed
or spoken words. It is therefore necessary to
determine whether his activity was sufficiently imbued with elements of
communication to fall within the scope of the First and Fourteenth
Amendments ...."). In the instant case, Bernstein's encryption system
is written, albeit in computer language rather than in English.
Furthermore, there is little about this functional writing to suggest it
is more like conduct than speech. A computer program is so unlike flag
burning and nude dancing that defendants' reliance on conduct cases is
misplaced. It would be convoluted indeed to characterize Snuffle as
conduct in order to determine how expressive it is when, at least
formally, it appears to be speech. Recently the Ninth Circuit addressed
the difference between speech and expressive conduct in assessing the
constitutionality of the English-only provision amended to Arizona's
constitution. Yniguez v. Arizonans for Official English, 69 F.3d 920,
934-36 (9th Cir. 1995) (en banc), cert. granted, 64 U.S.L.W. 3639 (U.S.
Mar. 25, 1996) (No. 95-974). Defendants in Yniguez, like defendants
here, sought to characterize one's choice of language as expressive
conduct. The court was similarly "unpersuaded by the comparison between
speaking languages other than English and burning flags." Id. at 934.
The court further concluded that language was speech by definition:
conduct' of vibrating one's vocal chords, moving one's mouth and
thereby making sounds, or of putting pen to paper, or hand to
keyboard. Yet the fact 	16 that such 'conduct' is shaped by
language--that is, a sophisticated and complex system of understood
meanings--is what makes it speech. Language is by definition
speech, and the regulation of any language is the regulation of
speech. Id. at 934-35. Nor does the particular language one chooses change the
nature of language for First Amendment purposes. This court can find no
meaningful difference between computer language, particularly high-level
languages as defined above, and German or French. All participate in a
complex system of understood meanings within specific communities. Even
object code, which directly instructs the computer, operates as a
"language." When the source code is converted into the object code
"language," the object program still contains the text of the source
program. The expression of ideas, commands, objectives and other
contents of the source program are merely translated into
machine-readable code. 15 Whether source code and object code are functional is immaterial to the
analysis at this stage. Contrary to defendants' suggestion, the
functionality of a language does not make it any less like speech. The
Yniguez court noted that "the choice to use a given language may often
simply be based on a pragmatic desire to convey information to someone
so that they may understand it." Id. at 935. Thus, even if Snuffle
source code, which is easily compiled into object code for the computer
to read and easily used for encryption, is essentially functional, that
does not remove it from the realm of speech. Instructions,
do-it-yourself manuals, recipes, even technical information about
hydrogen bomb construction, see United States v. The Progressive. Inc.,
467 F. Supp. 990 (W.D. Wisc. 1979), are often purely functional; they
are also speech.
Music, for example, is speech protected under the First Amendment.  See
Ward v. Rock Against Racism, 491 U.S. 781, 790 (1989). The music
inscribed in code on the roll of a player piano is no less protected for
being wholly functional. Like source code converted to object code, it
"communicates" to and directs the instrument itself, rather than the
musician, to produce the music. That does not mean it is not speech.
Like music and mathematical equations, computer language is just that,
language, and it communicates information either to a computer or to
those who can read it. 16
Defendants argue in their reply that a description of software in
English informs the intellect but source code actually allows someone to
encrypt data. Defendants appear to insist that the higher the utility
value of speech the less like speech it is. An extension of that
argument assumes that once language allows one to actually do something,
like play music or make lasagne, the language is no longer speech. The
logic of this proposition is dubious at best. Its support in First
Amendment law is nonexistent.
By analogy, copyright law also supports the "expressiveness" of computer
programs. Computer software is subject to copyright protection as a
"literary work." 17 U.S.C. Sections 101, 102(a)(1); accord Johnson Controls v.
Phoenix Control Systems, 886 F.2d 1173, 1175 (9th Cir. 1989). For the
purposes of copyright, literary works "are works, other than audiovisual
works, expressed in words, numbers, or other verbal or numerical symbols
or indicia, regardless of the nature of the material objects, such as
books, periodicals, manuscripts, phonorecords, film, tapes, disks, or
cards, in which they are embodied." 17 U.S.C. Section 101.
A computer program is further defined under the copyright statute as "a
set of statements or instructions to be used directly or indirectly in a
computer in order to bring about a certain result." Id. (emphasis
added). Source code is essentially a set of instructions that is used
indirectly in a computer since it must first be translated into object
code to achieve the desired result. The statutory language, along with
the caselaw of numerous circuits, supports the conclusion that copyright
protection extends to both source code and object code. See NLFC. Inc.
v. Devcom Mid-America. Inc., 45 F.3d 231, 234-35 (7th Cir.), cert.
denied, 115 S.Ct. 2249 (1995) ("Both the source and object codes to
computer software are also individually subject to copyright
protection.") (citations omitted); Johnson Controls, 886 F.2d at 1175
("Source code and object code, the literal components of a program, are
consistently held protected by a copyright on the program.") (citations
omitted); Apple Computer. Inc. v. Franklin Computer Corp., 714 F.2d
1240, 1249 (3d Cir. 1983), cert. dismissed, 464 U.S. 1033 (1984).
Copyright protection, designed to protect original expression, 17 U.S.C.
Section 102(a), supports the likeness of a computer program to speech as
defined by First Amendment law. The expression of an idea, a~ opposed to
the idea itself, which is not afforded copyright protection under 17
U.S.C. Section 102(b), connotes the "speaking" of an idea. An encryption
program expressed in source code communicates to other programmers and
ultimately to the computer itself how to make the encryption algorithm
(the idea) functional. Nor, under copyright law, does sheer
functionality diminish the expressive quality of a copyrightable work.
Apple Computer. Inc., 714 F.2d at 1252 (citing Mazer v. Stein, 347 U.S.
201, 218 (1954)); cf. Lotus Dev. Corp. v. Borland Int'l. Inc., 49 F.3d
807, 815 (lst Cir. 1995), judgment aff'd, 116 S.Ct. 804 (1996) (holding
that a text describing how to operate something is subject to copyright
protection while the method of operation itself is not). While copyright
and First Amendment law are by no means coextensive, and the analogy
between the two should not be stretched too far, copyright law does lend
support to the conclusion that source code is a means of original
For the purposes of First Amendment analysis, this court finds that
source code is speech. Having concluded that all the items at issue,
including Snuffle.c and Unsnuffle.c are speech, this court must now
briefly review the claims defendants contest for colorability.
          2.   O'Brien
Defendants, relying on a characterization of Snuffle as conduct, argue
that even if that conduct is expressive, the relatively mild O'Brien
test should be employed. United States v. O'Brien, 391 U.S. 367 (1968),
establishes the standard for assessing when a governmental regulation of
conduct may nonetheless run afoul of the First Amendment's speech
protections. Under O'Brien a regulation of conduct that incidentally
restricts speech will be valid if 1) it is within the power of the
government, 2) it furthers an important or substantial government
interest, 3) the government interest is unrelated to the suppression of
free expression and 4) the incidental restriction on speech is no
greater than is essential to further that interest. Id. at 377.
Given that Snuffle source code is speech and not conduct, O'Brien does
not appear to provide the appropriate standard under which to evaluate
plaintiff's claims.17 However, as the parties have not had an
opportunity to brief the issue of what First Amendment standard obtains,
the court will apply O'Brien for the limited purpose of determining
colorability. Defendants make a strong case that the AECA and ITAR
satisfy the first and second prongs of O'Brien--that they are within the
government's power and further the important interest of national
security. With respect to prongs three and four, however, this court
cannot say that plaintiff~s contentions are frivolous. Both the
technical data provision of the ITAR, 22 C.F.R. Section 120.10, and Category
XIII of the USML, 22 C.F.R. Section 121.1, regulating cryptographic software
appear to relate to the "suppression of free expression" and may reach
farther than is justifiable.
Defendants also argue that the Ninth Circuit's decision in United States
v. Edler Industries Inc., 579 F.2d 516 (9th Cir. 1978), precludes a
First Amendment attack under O'Brien on the AECA and its accompanying
regulations. In Edler the court reviewed a conviction under the
predecessor of the AECA for unlicensed exportation of technical data
relating to a defense article on the USML. The technical data at issue
in Edler related to a technique of tape wrapping with applications for
missile components. After finding that "an expansive interpretation of
technical data relating to items on the Munitions List could seriously
impede scientific research and publishing and international scientific
exchange," ~ at 519, the court went on to adopt a narrowing construction
to save the statute. 18 Defendants urge that if Edler allows the
government to legitimately restrict the export of technical data
relating to a defense article, it can certainly restrict the defense
article itself. Such an argument is an extension of Edler this court is
unwilling to adopt. The validity of the of the munitions list was simply
not at issue in that case. While Edler will be instructive to an
analysis of the AECA under the First Amendment, it is sufficiently
distinguishable on its facts that it cannot preclude plaintiff's
challenge at this stage.
While the court makes no judgment on the merits, it finds plaintiff
alleges facts sufficient to state a nonfrivolous First Amendment claim
and hence that claim is colorable.
          3.   Prior Restraint
Plaintiff alleges that the AECA and ITAR act as an administrative
licensing scheme for the publication of scientific papers, algorithms
and computer programs related to cryptography, since publishing could
release that information to foreign persons and would constitute
exportation under the ITAR. 22 C.F.R. Section 120.17 .19
Governmental licensing schemes, such as the AECA and ITAR, come with a
heavy presumption against their validity when they act as a prior
restraint on speech. See Nebraska Press Assoc. v. Stuart, 427 U.S. 539
(1976); New York Times Co. v. United States, 403 U.S. 713 (1971) (per
curiam); Near v. Minnesota, 283 U.S. 697 (1931). Prior restraints have
even been struck down in the face of national security concerns. See
e.a. New York Times, 403 U.S. at 714 (dissolving retraining order
against newspaper publication of Pentagon Papers that included
classified information). In New York Times the national security
asserted was too vague a justification for prior restraints. Id. at 719
(Black, J., concurring), 725-26 (Brennan, J., concurring). In his
concurrence to the per
curiam decision, Justice Stewart suggested a stringent test for
permissible prior restraints, allowing them only when "disclosure . . .
will surely result in direct, immediate, and irreparable damage to our
Nation or its people." Id. at 730 (Stewart J., concurring). In response
to the prior restraint claim, defendants rely on the argument rejected
above, that Snuffle is not speech and does not implicate the First
Since Snuffle is speech that is potentially subject to the prior
restraint of licensing, and under the AECA that restraint is
unreviewable, plaintiff's prior restraint claim is colorable. 20
          4.   Overbreadth
Plaintiff alleges that the AECA and ITAR are overbroad with respect to
their regulation of items with predominately civil applications, the
definition of export, Category XIII of the USNL, and the definition of
Defendants rely extensively on Edler to argue that any overbreadth
challenge is foreclosed to plaintiff because the Ninth Circuit has
provided a limiting construction to the technical data provision. They
also cite the 1984 revisions to ITAR which they contend are even more
solicitous of speech because they provide for certain exemptions from
technical data for academic research and information in the "public
domain." Defendant Exh. lA. However, plaintiff's overbreadth claim goes
beyond the technical data provision and beyond those items classified as
technical data. The complaint makes clear that the challenge is
significantly broader than the scope of Edler and pertains to the
defense articles themselves.
Facial overbreadth is concededly "strong medicine" employed as a last
resort when a limiting construction cannot be applied to a statute.
Broadrick v. Oklahoma, 413 U.S. 601, 613 (1973). Defendants employ
Broadrick to propose that when conduct as well as speech is regulated,
the overbreadth must be substantial in relation to the statute's
legitimate sweep. Id. at 615. However, in a subsequent Supreme Court
decision relied upon by defendants, Members of the City Council of Los
Angeles v. Taxpayers for Vincent, 466 U.S. 789 (1984), the Court noted
that "where the statute unquestionably attaches sanctions to protected
conduct, the likelihood that the statute will deter that conduct is
ordinarily sufficiently great to justify an overbreadth attack." Id. at
801 n.l9 (citing Erznoznik v. City of Jacksonville, 422 U.S. 205
(1975)). In Taxpayers for Vincent the Court clarified the application of
substantial facial overbreadth, saying there must be a "realistic danger
that the statute itself will significantly compromise recognized First
Amendment protections of parties not before the Court ...." Id. at
801. Merely being able to conceive of "some impermissible applications
of a statute" is insufficient. Id. at 800.
As this court has noted above, cryptographic source code is speech. Even
if the statute aims at conduct as well as speech so as to invoke the
"substantial overbreadth" doctrine, the court at this stage of the
proceedings need only determine whether the claim is colorable. On the
record before it at this time, the court cannot say that plaintiff's
claim that enforcement of some provisions of the statute or regulations
could significantly compromise the protected speech of third parties is
          5.   Vagueness
Plaintiff alleges that a number of terms and provisions within the AECA
and ITAR are impermissibly vague in that they fail to give notice of the
conduct they regulate and have a chilling effect on speech. These
provisions include inter alia the meaning of software capable of
maintaining secrecy under Category XIII of the USML, the exemptions for
information taught in universities, the definition of public domain, and
the "willful" requirement for criminal penalties.
For a claim of facial vagueness to survive, the deterrent effect of the
statute on protected expression must be "real and substantial" and not
easily narrowed by a court. Young v. American Mini Theaters. Inc., 427
U.S. 50, 60 (1976). Defendants again rely heavily on Edler to argue that
the Ninth Circuit has already resolved the problems plaintiff
challenges. While this may be true of the technical data provision, it
leaves unaddressed numerous other areas of concern. Defendants also
conclude summarily that both the definition of cryptographic software
and the exemptions from this definition are clear to a person of
ordinary intelligence. This seems to be a bit of dissimulation, unless
it is a confession, since the ODTC itself mistakenly classified
Bernstein's academic paper as a defense article under Category XIII.
Finally, defendants contest plaintiff's vagueness challenge to the
"willful" requirement for criminal penalties, citing the Ninth Circuit's
clarification that under the AECA willfulness requires a "voluntary,
intentional violation of known legal duty ...." United States v.
Lizarraga-Lizarraga, 541 F.2d 826, 828 (1976) (construing the
predecessor to the AECA). According to Posters 'N' Things. Ltd. v.
United States, _ U.S. _ , 114 S. Ct. 1747, 1754 (1994), such a scienter
requirement helps to avoid the problem of vagueness a criminal statute
might otherwise allow.
With the exception of the claim against the willful standard for
criminal violations of the AECA, this court does not find plaintiff's
claims of vagueness frivolous.
It should be emphasized that with the exception of its conclusions that
source code is speech for the purposes of the First Amendment and that
this case is justiciable, the court makes no other substantive holdings.
For the reasons set forth above, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED that defendants'
motion to dismiss is DENIED.
IT IS SO ORDERED.
Dated:   April 15, 1996			MARILYN HALL PATEL
1. Defendants pose the justiciability issue as one of subject matter
jurisdiction. As those questions are distinct and defendants arguments
go to justiciability, this court addresses the motion as one pertaining
to justiciability alone. See Baker v. Carr, 369 U.S. 186, 198 (1962).
2. Except where noted, these facts come from undisputed portions of the
3. Source code is the text of a source program and is generally written
in a high-level language that is two or more steps removed from machine
language which is a low-level language. High-level languages are closer
to natural language than lowlevel languages which direct the functioning
of the computer. Source code must be translated by way of a translating
program into machine language before it can be read by a computer. The
object code is the output of that translation. It is possible to write a
source program in high-level language without knowing about the actual
functions of the computer that carry out the program. Encyclopedia of
Computer Science 962, 1263-64 (Anthony Ralston & Edwin D. Reilly eds.,
3d ed. 1995)
4. The parties disagree about whether the computer code submitted by
plaintiff to the State Department is technically "software." Defendants
refer to the computer code as software even though it i8 not in object
code on a disk. Plaintiff contests this characterization. In any event,
in order to be software, which are instructions to the computer, the
instructions must be in a form that can be easily altered as
distinguished from firmware or hardware which cannot be readily altered,
if it can be altered at all.
The court notes that 22 CFR Section 121.8(f) defines "software" for the
purposes of the AECA. That definition is descriptive of content,
however, and does not define the actual format or physical form of the
software. At this stage the court need not resolve this issue since
whatever the program's form, the ODTC has subjected it to the licensing
5.   The CJ request of July 15, 1993, refers to the items as W BCJF-2, W
BCJF-3, DIBCJF-4, DJBCJF-5, and W BCJF-6 without distinguishing
information. Complaint Exh. D.
6. This statement appears to be contradicted by that court's own
reference to defendants' overbreadth claim on the preceding page of its
opinion. Martinez, 904 F.2d at 601. It is not clear whether the
overbreadth argument went to constitutionality or merely to statutory
7. Plaintiff argues that this court has power to review his cause of
action under a political question analysis. Even if that were so, he
fails to consider the effect of a clear statement by Congress precluding
judicial review in the context of the AECA. Furthermore, plaintiff
dedicates nearly ten pages of his brief in opposition to this motion to
arguing that review is proper under the Administrative Procedure Act
("APA"). However, as defendants note, to the extent judicial review is
precluded by statute, it is also precluded by the APA. 5 U.S.C. Section
701(a)(1) ("This chapter applies . . . except to the extent that--(l)
statutes preclude judicial review ...."). That does not necessarily
mean plaintiff's allegation that defendants exceeded their lawful
authority under the APA is unreviewable. Plaintiff is correct that U.S.
v. Bozarov allows courts to exercise review, in the face of statutory
preclusion, of "claims that the Secretary acted in excess of his
delegated authority under the EAA." 974 F.2d at 1045. Nonetheless,
defendants only argue nonjusticiability based on the First Amendment
claim. This court declines to rule on the colorability of every one of
plaintiff's claims without briefing on those issues. Currently before
the court is simply the issue of the justiciability of plaintiff's First
Amendment challenge.
8. The Court did not consider whether Doe presented a colorable
constitutional claim because that question was not properly before the
9. Defendants only argue in passing that plaintiff's claim that the CJ
determinations were made in excess of statutory authority is not
10. The discussion of Hiah Tech Gays in Dorfmont betrays the unusual
procedural posture the Ninth Circuit adopted in order to reach the
merits: "Without addressing whether the federal courts have jurisdiction
to hear these claims, we ruled in favor of defendants on the merits of
the equal protection attack." 913 F.2d at 1403 (emphasis added)
(citation omitted).
11. Reading "colorable" to mean sufficient to state a claim, or even
nonfrivolous, is supported by the Sixth Circuit's decision in Brooks v.
Seiter, 7-79 F.2d 1177, 1181 (6th Cir. 1985), in which the court, using
a frivolousness standard, held that plaintiff prisoners had alleged a
First Amendment violation when they complained that prison officials
withheld mail order publications. In the context of that holding, the
court said that the state interest in deferring to prison officials did
not bar courts from hearing a "colorable constitutional claim." Id.
12. If there is any uncertainty about this, defendants should state
their determination without equivocation so that the mootness issue can
be completely resolved as soon as possible.
13. Bernstein also contends that encryption software is important not
only as speech, but as a tool to protect private speech. Plaintiff
argues that cases protecting anonymous speech and prohibiting compelled
speech support this novel proposition. However, certainly at this stage,
the court need not reach the issue.
14. Plaintiff briefly argues that his encryption program, written in
source code on paper, is not functional at all. Given the ease with
which one can convert source code into object code, however, this
argument is specious. More to the point is plaintiff's contention that
source code and functioning software are both fully protected under the
First Amendment.
15. The court does not employ the word "translate" as art thereby
excluding the applicability of "compile", "interpret" or related terms.
16. Whether such "languages" as assembly language or low-level languages
constitute speech, or may sometimes constitute speech, need not be
addressed at this time in view of the court's ruling that the source
code provides the basis for a colorable claim.
17. Plaintiff cites Justice Department memoranda that question the
constitutionality of some of the ITAR provisions as well as the
propriety of an O'Brien analysis. Plaintiff Exh. A at 60007, 60090. A
1978 memo from the DOJ Office of Legal Counsel addressing the
constitutionality of the ITAR restrictions on public cryptography noted
that "even a cursory reading of the technical data provisions reveals
that those portions of the ITAR are directed at communication. A more
stringent constitutional analysis than the O'Brien test is therefore
mandated." Plaintiff Exh. A at 60084 n.16. While Snuffle was classified
as a munition rather than as technical data, Category XIII of the USML
also directly regulates public cryptography.
18. The court's narrowing construction mandates that the statute and
regulations only prohibit the export of technical data "significantly
and directly related to specific articles on the Munitions List. n 579
F.2d at 521.
19. Defendants continue to argue that plaintiff was mistaken about the
inclusion of the academic paper in the CJ determinations made by the
ODTC. As the court has noted, plaintiff had every reason to believe his
paper had been determined to be a defense article until defendants'
clarifying letter of June 29, 1995. Whether or not the prior restraint
that may have been applied to the paper is still relevant or
whether this confusion could happen again given the apparent
applicability of the public domain exception to work of this kind, 22
C.F.R. Section 120.11(a)(8), is a matter the court declines to address at this
20. Defendants are correct that with respect to the two instructional
items included in the second CJ determination and which ODTC
subsequently identified as technical data, a prior restraint claim seems
foreclosed by Edler, 579 F.2d at 521 ("So confined, the statute and
regulations are not overbroad. For the same reasons the licensing
provisions of the Act are not an unconstitutional prior restraint on

@_date: 1996-04-23 16:54:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF member discount @ Forum on Information Security, Apr. 29 
Benjamin Group and The Churchill Club graciously offer a discount to EFF
members ($20 instead of $35; includes filet mignon dinner, etc.)
                    The Forum on Information Security
             Celebrating 20 Years of Public Key Cryptography
                  Monday, April 29, 1996 -- 6 to 9 p.m.
         At the San Francisco Airport Marriott Hotel (Burlingame)
     Dinner and Forum: $20 for Club & EFF Members, $35 for Non-Members
                  Call 408-371-4460 to Make Reservations
This program is supported in part by an unrestricted grant from Cylink
Press Release
                     FORUM ON INFORMATION SECURITY           TO REVIEW LEGISLATION TO COMBAT ECONOMIC ESPIONAGE Senate and House Bill Sponsors to Join FBI and U.S. Postal Service Representatives, Along With the Inventors of Public Key Cryptography,
in Discussing Ways to Safeguard Sensitive Data and Electronic Commerce
                                For More Information, Contact:
BURLINGAME, California (April 22, 1996) -- The Forum on Information
Security, Celebrating 20 Years of Public Key Cryptography, will be held
next Monday night, April 29, 1996, from 6 to 9 p.m in the main ballroom
of the San Francisco Airport Marriott Hotel in Burlingame, Calif. Topics to be addressed include:  What is the threat to national economic
security?  Will Federal export rules be eased on strong public keys? Should government have copies of your secret codes?  Can
state-of-the-art encryption be used by everyone in the U.S.?  And will
the legislation now in Congress solve these problems?
Sponsored by The Churchill Club, Silicon Valley's premier non-profit
public affairs forum, this event is supported in part with an
unrestricted grant from Cylink Corporation.   The purpose of this Forum
is to address increasing public concerns over the rise in economic
espionage, which -- according to a White House study -- is estimated to
cost American businesses up to $100 billion a year as some 23 countries
target U.S. trade secrets. Keynote speakers will include Senator Conrad Burns (R-MT), Senator
Larry Pressler (R-SD), and Congressman Robert Goodlatte (R-VA), sponsors of three separate legislative initiatives focusing on
relaxing government restrictions on the use and export of strong
encryption systems.  The Forum is also being held to honor the founding fathers and
inventors of Public Key Cryptography, Whitfield Diffie, Martin Hellman
and Ralph Merkle, who some 20 years ago developed the original, patented
secure encryption algorithms used today as the pioneering technology
behind the Data Encryption Standard (DES), Digital Signature Standard
(DSS) and other standards-based cryptosystems.  The three inventors will
provide their perspectives on the past, present and future of Public Key
The program agenda also features a number of other information
security experts including:
David Morris, Vice President with Cylink Corporation, will serve as
master of ceremonies for the Forum and set the stage for the evening by
outlining a five-part criteria essential for a hackerproof information
security system.
Jim Omura, Chief Technology Officer and co-founder of Cylink, will
provide a definition of Public Key Cryptography and other unfamiliar
terminology required to understand the technology and how it impacts the
public and private sectors.
James Freeman, FBI Special Agent in Charge of the San Francisco area,
will provide an overview of the threat to national economic security
with examples of investigations involving Silicon Valley high-tech
Paul Raines, Project Manager with the U.S. Postal Service, will preview
the soon-to-be-announced electronic postmarking system, the first
nationwide consumer application of Public Key Cryptography incorporating
a certificate authority and key registry bureau.
For Forum information and reservations, call the Churchill Club at
408-371-4460.  The fee for this event is $20 for Churchill Club members
and $35 for non-members and includes a full-course dinner and the
program.   Registration and the cocktail hour starts at 5:30 p.m. at the
San Francisco Airport Marriott Hotel in Burlingame with dinner at 6:00
p.m. immediately followed by the program at 6:35 p.m.
The Forum on Information Security
Celebrating 20 Years of Public Key Cryptography
San Francisco (Burlingame) Airport Marriott Hotel
April 29, 1996  (6 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. PDT)
5:30 p.m.    Registration and Seating Begins (Cocktail Hour at Cash Bar)
6:00 p.m.    Dinner is Served: Marriott Hotel Ballroom 2nd Floor
6:30 p.m.    Ken Roberts, Principal, New Futures World Marketing, 6:35 p.m.    David Morris, Vice President, Cylink
6:45 p.m.    Jim Omura, Chief Technology Officer, Cylink
7:00 p.m.     Senator Conrad Burns (R-MT) 		
              Senator Larry Pressler (R-SD) 			
              Congressman Robert Goodlatte (R-VA)
7:45 p.m.   James Freeman, Special Agent in Charge, FBI
8:00 p.m.    Paul Raines, Project Manager, USPS
8:15 p.m.     Whitfield Diffie, Martin Hellman, Ralph Merkle
9:00 p.m.     Award Presentations, Conclusion & Summary (David Morris)

@_date: 1996-04-24 08:04:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Support for crypto bills is building 
[From FARNET's Washington Update. This is interesting principally for the note about the number of co-sponsors.]
SEN. BURNS' ENCRYPTION BILL TO BE INTRODUCED BY END OF NEXT WEEK
The third encryption bill aimed at blowing the administration's key-escrow
policy out of the water is set for introduction probably late next week.
Sen. Conrad Burns (R-MT) will introduce a bill that is similar to both the
Leahy and Goodlatte bills already in the Senate and House, respectively.
Both prohibit a mandatory key-escrow system for the use of encryption in
the United States.  Both also significantly lift export restrictions on
encryption software and hardware.  (Export approval would be granted for
any bit length that is already generally available in foreign markets.
Current policy restricts the export of  encryption hardware or software
products with keys greater than 40 bits long.)
Hill staff said yesterday that they saw strong support for the encryption
bills forming in both houses.  Thirty-eight co-sponsors have signed on to
the Goodlatte bill in the House so far.  The Burns bill is expected to
garner the support of Sen. Leahy who also has a bill in the Senate.
The House bill has been referred to the Judiciary committee and may be also
referred to the House Committee on International Relations.  The Senate
expects to hold hearings in the Senate Commerce Committee sometime in June.
While proponents are working to get the bill(s) passed this year, because
of the elections this fall, it will be a tight schedule.  Furthermore, the
bills' supporters are trying to keep the three pieces of legislation from
being referred to any of the intelligence or law enforcement committees
where some of the strongest opposition is likely to arise.
Strong encryption is generally regarded as extremely important to the
success of electronic communications.  The Clinton administration's various
proposals for strict export restrictions and a mandatory key-escrow system
have met with significant opposition from industry, privacy groups and
netizens alike.  Just this week, a court in California ruled that "source
code" for encryption programs is speech, and therefore protected under the
First Amendment.  The case came at the instigation of a programmer who was
forbidden to place his source code for an encryption program that he had
developed on the Internet in order to get discussion on its merits from his
colleagues.  The ruling was just a preliminary step in order to continue
with the case.  It could, however, clear the way for the overruling of
export restrictions on encryption source code.

@_date: 1996-05-01 13:59:01
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: SF area: Bernstein victory beach volleyball party, this Sunday 
Remember how much fun it was to get all dressed up in banker's clothes
to go to the Bernstein court hearing and show the judge that we cared?
Well, now it's time to get UNdressed and come to the beach to
celebrate the results!  See you there!			-- John
Let's try again to celebrate the Berstein victory at the beach.   Hopefully, the weather will be better this Sunday.  Last weekend was
beautiful and we saw several whales just offshore.
WHEN:  Sunday, May 5, from 1:00 on, weather permitting.  WHERE:  Grey Whale Cove, off Highway 1 south of Pacifica but before Montara.
                To check for weather conditions, call (415) 728-5336
NOTICE: This is a clothing-optional beach and costs $5 per person.
It's well worth it, however. No one is under any obligation to take
their clothes off, or to leave them on, for that matter.
rises to the cliff level, look for the abandoned bunker on the cliff
to your right.  Just after it, watch for the parking lot on your left.
Park and walk down.
on Hwy 1.  After Montara, the road rises into the cliffs.  Watch for
the only parking lot on the right-hand side of the road.  Park and
walk down.
Hope to see you there.  Please invite others.  The more, the merrier.
Joe & Cindy
PS:  The first person to spot a naked NSA guy wins a prize.
Joseph Arceneaux
Arceneaux Consulting
+1 415 648 9988 (direct)
+1 415 341 1395 (fax)
+1 500 488 9308
Cindy A. Cohn                                                               McGlashan & Sarrail, P. C.
177 Bovet Road, 6th Floor                                            San Mateo, CA  94402
(415) 341-2585 (tel)
(415)341-1395 (fax)

@_date: 1996-05-22 21:38:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Clipper III analysis 
I just read over the Clipper-III paper.  Here's the main scoop.  The
Government is trying to force key escrow on the world by incorporating
it into key certification systems.
They are playing on public ignorance of key certification, and are
trying in some cases to deliberately mislead people into thinking that
key certification and key escrow are the same thing.
Key certification is a way for a third party to declare that a
particular public key "belongs to" a particular identity.  E.g. that
key 85197FB5 really belongs to John Gilmore.  In PGP, people who know
you can "sign" your key to make this declaration.  Then, anyone who
trusts those people will know that your key is really yours.  When
they encrypt mail with public key 85197FB5, they can believe that
only John Gilmore can read it.
Key certification NEVER involves giving anyone a copy of your
*private* key.  Your private key is, and always should be, private to
yourself and nobody else.
Key escrow is a way for governments to get access to your private key
and read your private communications whenever they don't like what you
are doing or saying.  Or for any other reason.  So far, the only
government that is really pushing for this is the US government.
Their published policies for when they will access your key are
disturbingly non-specific.  I believe this is to cover for access by
the spy agencies such as NSA, which the public would not sanction if
it knew their current policies.
Even if the published policy for accessing your escrowed keys required
that a judge issue a warrant based on probable cause to believe a
crime has been committed -- which it doesn't -- that provides no
protection from a government that feels free to make any harmless act
into a crime.  As in the Soviet Union, lofty principles can be written
into the legal documents, but somehow citizens end up without
enforceable rights anyway.  I don't want to see my country go this
route, though it's obviously 80% of the way there already.
Because large-scale key certification systems will to some degree
involve centralization, they provide pressure points where the
government can try to force people to do bad things.  (One thing that
has kept the Internet free is that there was no central place to sue,
arrest, threaten, or otherwise terrorize into submission.)  In this
case, the bad thing they'll try to force is that the central
certification authorities will refuse to certify your key as yours,
even though they know it's yours, unless you first give the government
a copy of your private key.
Foreign relations are important to this policy, since if a significant
number of countries don't adopt this model then it won't work.  (Those
countries will build good crypto and export it, and it will leak out
around the world because of the worldwide demand for real privacy.)
The US is working hard in the OECD, the European Community, and in
one-on-one discussions with other governments, to convince them all to
impose key escrow on their citizens.
That's the scenario laid out by the Clipper-III paper.  It's a pretty
good strategy on their part.  Our job is to make it come out some
other way.
PS:  The whole paper is at

@_date: 1996-05-31 08:14:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: The Text of the Recommendations 
Recommendation 1:  No law should bar the manufacture, sale, or use of
any form of encryption within the United States.
Recommendation 2:  National cryptography policy should be developed by
the executive and legislative branches on the basis of open public
discussion and governed by the rule of law.
Recommendation 3:  National cryptography policy affecting the
development and use of commercial cryptography should be more closely
aligned with market forces.
Recommendation 4:  Export controls on cryptography should be
progressively relaxed but not eliminated.
Recommendation 5:  The U.S. government should take steps to assist law
enforcement and national security to adjust to new technical realities
of the information age.
[Page 28 of the "Overview and Recommendations".  There's a lot
 more discussion of each of these in the whole overview, which should
 be up on the web late today at www2.nas.edu/cstbweb/.]

@_date: 1996-05-31 11:02:45
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NRC Cryptography Report: One More Recommendation 
Sigh.  Add one more Recommendation.  It wasn't on the summary page of
the fax copy I got, but it was in the text of the Report, and is in
the Web page:
Recommendation 6:  The U.S. government should develop a mechanism to
promote information security in the private sector.

@_date: 1996-06-05 12:37:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: MELP: 2400 baud speech coding 
Mixed-Excitation Linear Predictive encoding gives better speech
quality than CELP at half the data rate.  Encoding and decoding
together burn up more than 100% of a TMS320C3x digital signal
processor at 33MHz -- 64% to encode and 53% to decode.  I don't know
how it does on a Pentium or an Alpha.  If you have the MIPS at both
ends, this enables very robust encrypted speech across modem links to
the Internet.  John Walker's free SpeakFreely software
( or
follow the link from there to the Unix version) is already doing
packet replication for high reliability, using the earlier LPC-10
algorithm.  (It doesn't implement MELP, though those on fast CPUs
could add it.)
I noticed an ad in EE Times that said, "MELP: The new Federal Standard
for 2400 bps Speech Coding", so I did a web search for it.  It
reportedly comes from Georgia Tech research.  Atlanta Signal
Processors has the exclusive license.  See

@_date: 1996-06-06 21:43:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Triple-DES chip idea: built-in 1DES-cracker 
It just occurred to me that companies which are designing Triple-DES
chips should spend a small chunk of their chip area and design time
on building in features for fast single-DES key search.
As in Matt Wiener's design, this would include logic to generate a
sequence of trial keys, and a circuit to evaluate the likelihood that
the trial key was "interesting" after examining the trial plaintext.
All of this logic would be on-chip and isolated from the pins of the
chip, so it could run at high speed without any impact on the rest of
the system.
Then, as these chips are deployed into consumer boards or
motherboards, a small amount of software plus the Internet will make
distributed DES cracking feasible.  Whenever the chip wasn't busy
doing some "real work" encoding data for the user, it would be
spinning its wheels cracking a DES key for fun or profit.
There are lots of interesting ways to build the comparison circuitry
to examine the trial plaintext.  The cheapest is to provide a single
64-bit register with the desired plaintext; that's what Matt's design
did.  Another cheap way would be to provide two 64-bit registers: a
mask and a value.  AND with the mask and compare to the value; it's
interesting if equal.  A second and/or third set of mask and value
registers (and another ciphertext register) would permit the test to
be across 16 or 24 bytes of ciphertext/plaintext rather than just 8.
This would be useful if e.g. your mask is only looking to see that the
high order bit of each byte is off in the ciphertext (indicating a
probability of ASCII text).  8-byte comparison would give you a
false-hit every 256 keys; 16-byte comparison would reduce that to one
every 65,536 keys.
Matt's chips froze when they got a match.  A FIFO on the comparison
output would let the chip continue to spin, looking for more matches,
before software got around to reading the results of a previous hit.
This would permit the chip to do DES-cracking in polled mode, without
using interrupts.  If the DES-cracking control registers were all
disjoint from the ordinary DES operational registers, the DES-cracking
could be initiated at any time, independent of the chip's encryption
functions, and could then be checked-up on periodically, again without
impacting the chip's normal functioning.  As an extreme example, it
could be started at system boot time, and checked only at system
shutdown for hits.
If you wanted to get truly fancy, the comparison should have eight
256-bit vectors, one per byte of plaintext.  Each vector is indexed by
the byte of plaintext, producing a single bit.  If it's 1, that byte
has an interesting value.  So if you set only the bits corresponding
to ASCII uppercase letters, then only a plaintext ASCII uppercase
letter is interesting.  So, the eight trial-plaintext bytes produce
eight bits, one from each vector.  Mash those together, and use this
8-bit value as an index to a ninth bit vector, which would let you
specify which combinations of "interesting" plaintext bytes are truly
interesting enough to stop the chip for.  E.g. if you insist that all
of the ciphertext bytes are ASCII uppercase letters, then all the
eight bit-vectors will be set up the same, and this ninth bit vector
will have a single 1-bit at index 11111111 (all bytes match).  If on
the other hand, any six out of the eight being uppercase is good
enough for you, you'd put a bunch of 1-bits into the ninth vector (one
for each possible way that six of the eight would match, such as
11010111 and 00111111 and 01111110).  In nine 256-bit vectors (less
than 300 bytes of on-chip storage), you could specify truly complex
and useful conditions like "First two bytes of plaintext equals
0x2C07, next three bytes are uppercase ASCII, next byte is a
don't-care, following byte is an ASCII digit".  This would be great
for matching up packet headers or partial plaintext, when looking for
the key to encrypted network traffic.  However, even these days,
adding 300 bytes of static storage to a 3DES chip for this kind of
ancillary function doesn't seem likely, until the market for
DES-cracker boxes matures.  (Each such box tends to consume large
numbers of DES chips, making them an attractive target market for a
chip vendor.)
But some of the simpler des-cracker assists I mentioned should be easy
to implement with only a few dozen bytes of static storage, some small
circuits and maybe one more address pin, making them suitable for
mass-market chips for PC's and such.
PS:  Note that this feature would not affect the exportability of your
chip, which was already nil.  Design and build it overseas.

@_date: 1996-07-21 12:10:42
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crypto '96 reminder -- register if you haven't! 
If you haven't already registered for Crypto '96, you're late!  But
there's probably still time.  They no longer guarantee that they will
have space for you, but if they do, you'll get in.
See  for details.  It costs about $640 plus plane
fare to attend ($420 conference registration, $220 for dorm space and
meals).  Plus transportation there and back.  It's in a beautiful
location at UC Santa Barbara, right next to the beach.  The weather,
food, and discussions are always good, and it's a great way to meet
good cryptographers and discuss the future privacy and security of the
world.  If the papers look too complicated for you, relax; they're
cryptic for academic bureacratic reasons.  The actual presentations by
their authors are quite well explained, and are often lively and
If you're doing something interesting with crypto, submit a note for
the "rump session", short informal talks about work in progress, which
will happen on Tuesday evening during the conference.  I hope to be
speaking there about my latest crypto projects.

@_date: 1996-07-26 19:05:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein files for partial summary judgement in crypto case 
Here's the press release on the latest development in the Bernstein
case.  Mark your calendars for the "oral arguments" on this motion,
which cypherpunks are invited to attend in full formal dress regalia.  The hearing will occur on September 20 at high noon, in San Francisco.
Bring your Stetson.
Check the URL at the bottom of this message to see the latest filings
in the case.  It'll take us a day or two to get them all in there.  We
have statements from various crypto luminaries about the impact of
ITAR on the free exchange of software, etc.  The government's
cross-motion, arguing their side of the issue, will arrive within days,
and we'll scan that in as well.
      BERNSTEIN FILES FOR PARTIAL SUMMARY JUDGMENT IN CRYPTO CASE
Claims Government's Restrictions on Export of Cryptographic Speech Violates
First Amendment
July 26, 1996  				     Electronic Frontier Foundation                                               Shari Steele, Staff Counsel
                                               301/375-8856, ssteele
                                              Mike Godwin, Staff Counsel
                                               510/548-3290, mnemonic
                                              Lori Fena, Executive Director
                                               415/436-9333, lori
San Francisco, CA -- A University of Illinois at Chicago faculty member
who is suing the U.S. Department of State will file a motion Friday that
could strengthen his claim that government restrictions on information
about cryptography violate the First Amendment's protections for freedom
of speech. Relying on Judge Marilyn Hall Patel's prior ruling that computer source
code is speech protected by the First Amendment, mathematician Daniel J.
Bernstein will file a motion for partial summary judgment in his suit
against the State Department. In his 45-page memorandum in support of his motion, Bernstein sets forth
several First Amendment arguments: LEGAL ARGUMENTS
*       Any legal framework that requires a license for First Amendment
protected speech, which may be granted or withheld at the discretion of a
government official, is a prior restraint on speech.  In order for this
framework to be acceptable, the government has the burden of showing that
publication will "surely result in direct, immediate, and irreparable
damage to our Nation or its people" and that the regulation at issue is
necessary to prevent this damage.  The government has not met this burden
regarding the ITAR legal framework. *       Because restrictions on speech about cryptography are
content-based, the court must apply a strict scrutiny test in determining
whether individuals can be punished for engaging in this speech.  A strict
scrutiny test requires that a regulation be necessary to serve a
compelling state interest and that it is narrowly drawn to achieve that
end.  The ITAR regulatory scheme has adopted the *most* restrictive
approach by prohibiting all speech in the area of cryptography. *       The ITAR regulatory framework lacks the necessary procedural
safeguards.  Grants of administrative discretion must be limited by clear
standards, and judicial review must be available.  "Quite simply, the ITAR
Scheme allows its administrative agencies to make inconsistent, incorrect
and sometimes incomprehensible decisions censoring speech, all without the
protections of judicial review or oversight." *       The ITAR framework is unconstitutionally vague.  The government
doesn't even seem to know what its regulations include and exclude!  Here,
the lack of standards has allowed the government to misuse a statute aimed
at commercial, military arms sales to limit academic and scientific
publication. *       The ITAR regulatory scheme is overbroad.  In an internal memo
written almost 20 years ago, the government's own Office of Legal Counsel
concluded that the ITAR s licensing standards "are not sufficiently
precise to guard against arbitrary and inconsistent administrative
action."  The OLC specifically warned that the coverage was so broad it
could apply to "communication of unclassified information by a technical
lecturer at a university or to the conversation of a United States
engineer who meets with foreign friends at home to discuss matters of
theoretical interest."  This is exactly what is happening here, and it is
unconstitutional. CASE BACKGROUND
While a graduate student at the University of California at Berkeley,
Bernstein completed the development of an encryption equation (an
"algorithm") he calls "Snuffle." Bernstein wishes to publish a) the
algorithm, (b) a mathematical paper describing and explaining the
algorithm, and (c) the "source code" for a computer program that
incorporates the algorithm. Bernstein also wishes to discuss these items
at mathematical conferences, college classrooms and other open, public
meetings.  The Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations (the ITAR regulatory scheme) required Bernstein to submit
his ideas about cryptography to the government for review, to register as
an arms dealer, and to apply for and obtain from the government a license
to publish his ideas.  Failure to do so would result in severe civil and
criminal penalties.  Bernstein believes this is a violation of his First
Amendment rights and has sued the government. In the first phase of this litigation, the government argued that since
Bernstein's ideas were expressed, in part, in source code, they were not
protected by the First Amendment.  On April 15, 1996, Judge Marilyn Hall
Patel in the Northern District of California rejected that argument and
held for the first time that computer source code is protected speech for
purposes of the First Amendment. Because of its far-reaching implications, the Bernstein case is being
watched closely by privacy advocates, the computer industry, the export
and cryptography communities, and First Amendment activists.  In fact,
several members of these communities provided declarations that were
submitted in support of Bernstein's motion. ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional pro bono legal assistance is being provided by Lee Tien of
Berkeley; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel, Levitt
& Weiss; and James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzger of the First Amendment
Project in Oakland. ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a non-profit civil liberties
organization working in the public interest to protect privacy, free
expression, and access to online resources and information.  EFF is a
primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF helped to find Bernstein pro
bono counsel, is a member of the Bernstein legal team, and helped collect
members of the academic community and computer industry to support this
case. Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives:                 ftp.eff.org, pub/EFF/Policy/Crypto/ITAR_export/Bernstein_case/
        gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/Crypto/ITAR_export/Bernstein_case/

@_date: 1996-07-27 09:40:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Securing 5% of the Internet against Wiretapping by Christmas 
I've been working on a project in secret for a few months, and now am
talking about it with everyone so that we can all help it along.
Want all the Internet traffic between you and every other
privacy-conscious site on the net to automatically be encrypted using
Triple-DES, RSA, and Diffie-Hellman?  Without changing your hardware
or software, except to stick a Linux PC on your network, or install a
new version of Linux on your laptop?  Want it all by Christmas?  Then
check out

@_date: 1996-08-01 19:58:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NSA/ARPA/DISA joint research office Memo of Agreement 
[I found this at the ARPA web site while looking up the programs there
that are trying to deploy crypto in the Internet.  You can read it as
plain text, the HTML crud peters out after the first page.  If you
look at it on the web, they have reproduced the signatures from the
signature page in a GIF file.  -- John]
MOA - Information Systems Security Research Joint Technology
Memorandum of Agreement
The Advanced Research Projects Agency,
The Defense Information Systems Agency, and
The National Security AgencyConcerning
The Information Systems Security Reseach Joint Technology Office
The Advanced Research Projects Agency (ARPA), the Defense Information
Systems Agency (DISA), and the National Security Agency (NSA) agree to
the establishment of the Information  System Security Research Joint
Technology Office (ISSR-JTO) as a joint activity.  The ISSR-JTO is
being established to coordinate the information systems security
research programs of ARPA and NSA.  The ISSR-JTO will work to optimize
use of the limited research funds available, and strengthen the
responsiveness of the programs to DISA, expediting delivery of
technologies that meet DISA's requirements to safeguard the
confidentiality, integrity, authenticity, and availability of data in
Department of Defense information systems, provide a robust first line
of defense for defensive information warfare, and permit electronic
commerce between the Department of Defense and its contractors.
In recent years, exponential growth in government and private sector
use of networked systems to  produce and communicate information has
given rise to a shared interest by NSA and ARPA  in focusing
government R&D on information systems security  technologies.  NSA and
its primary network security customer, DISA, have become increasingly
reliant upon commercial information technologies and services to build
the Defense Information Infrastructure, and the inherent security of
these technologies and services has become a vital concern.  From
ARPA'S perspective, it has become increasingly apparent that security
is critical to the success of key ARPA information technology
initiatives.  ARPA's role in fostering the development of advanced
information technologies now requires close attention to the security
of these technologies.
NSA's security technology plan envisions maximum use of commercial
technology for sensitive but unclassified applications, and, to the
extent possible, for classified applications as well.  A key element
of this plan is the transfer of highly reliable government-developed
technology and techniques to industry for integration into commercial
off-the-shelf products, making quality-tested security components
available not only to DoD but to the full spectrum of government and
private sector users as well.  ARPA is working with its contractor
community to fully integrate security into next generation computing
technologies being developed in all its programs, and working with the
the research community to develop strategic relationships with
industry so that industry will develop modular security technologies
with the capability of exchanging appropriate elements to meet various
levels of  required security.
NSA and ARPA now share a strong  interest in promoting the development
and integration of security technology for advanced information
systems applications.  The challenge at hand is to guide the efforts
of the two agencies in a way that optimizes use of the limited
research funds available and maximizes support to DISA in building the
Defense Information Infrastructure.
NSA acts as the U.S. Government's focal point for cryptography,
telecommunications security, and information systems security for
national security systems.  It conducts, approves, or endorses
research and development of techniques and equipment to secure
national security systems.  NSA reviews and approves all standards,
techniques, systems, and equipment related to the security of national
security systems.  NSA's primary focus is to provide information
systems security products, services, and standards in the near term to
help its customers protect classified and national security-related
sensitive but unclassified information.  It develops and assesses new
security technology in the areas of cryptography, technical security,
and authentication technology; endorses cryptographic systems
protecting national security information; develops infrastructure
support technologies; evaluates and rates trusted computer and network
products; and provides information security standards for DoD.  Much
of the work in these areas is conducted in a classified environment,
and the balancing of national security and law enforcement equities
has been a significant constraint.
ARPA's mission is to perform research and development that helps the Department of Defense to maintain U.S. technological superiority over
potential adversaries.  At the core of the ARPA mission is the goal to
develop and demonstrate revolutionary technologies that will
fundamentally enhance the capability of the military.  ARPA's role in
fostering the development of advanced computing and communications
technologies for use by the DoD requires that long term solutions to
increasing the security of these systems be developed.  ARPA is
interested in commercial or dual-use technology, and usually
technology that provides revolutionary rather than evolutionary
enhancements to capabilities. ARPA is working with industry and
academia to develop technologies that will enable industry to provide
system design methodologies and secure computer, operating system, and
networking technologies.  NSA and ARPA research interests have been
converging in these areas, particularly with regard to protocol
development involving key, token, and certificate exchanges and
One of the key differences between ARPA's work and NSA's is that
ARPA's is performed in unclassified environments, often in university
settings.  This enables ARPA to access talent and pursue research
strategies normally closed to NSA due to security considerations.
Another difference is that while NSA's research is generally built
around developing and using specific cryptographic algorithms, ARPA's
approach is to pursue solutions that are independent of algorithm used
and allow for modularly replaceable cryptography.  ARPA will, to the
greatest extent possible, allow its contractor community to use
cryptography developed at NSA, and needs solutions from NSA on an
expedited basis so as not to hold up its research program.
DISA functions as the Department of Defense's information utility.
Its requirements for information systems security extend beyond
confidentiality to include protection of data from tampering or
destruction and assurance that data exchanges are originated and
received by valid participants.  DISA is the first line of defense for
information warfare, and needs quality technology for detecting and
responding to network penetrations.  The growing vulnerability of the
Defense information Infrastructure to unauthorized access and use,
demonstrated in the penetration of hundreds of DoD computer systems
during 1994, makes delivery of enabling security technologies to DISA
a matter of urgency.
The Information Systems Security Research Joint Technology
This MOA authorizes the ISSR-JTO as a joint undertaking of ARPA, DISA,
and NSA.  It will perform those functions jointly agreed to by these
agencies.  Each agency shall delegate to the ISSO-JTO such authority
and responsibility as is necessary to carry out its agreed functions.
Participation in the joint program does not relieve ARPA, DISA, or NSA
of their respective individual charter responsibilities, or diminish
their respective authorities.
A Joint Management Plan will be developed to provide a detailed
definition of the focus, objectives, operation, and costs of the Joint
Technology Office.  The ISSR-JTO will be jointly staffed by ARPA,
DISA, and NSA, with respective staffing levels to be agreed upon by
the three parties.  Employees assigned to the JTO will remain on the
billets of their respective agency.  Personnel support for employees
assigned to the JTO will be provided by their home organization.  The
ISSR-JTO will be housed within both ARPA and NSA, except as agreed
otherwise by the three parties.  To the greatest extent possible, it
will function as a virtual office, using electronic connectivity to
minimize the need for constant physical co-location.  Physical
security support will be provided by the party responsible for the
specific facilities occupied.  Assignment of the ISSR-JTO Director,
Deputy Director, and management of other office elements will be made
by mutual agreement among the Directors of ARPA, DISA, and NSA upon
recommendation of their staffs.
By mutual agreement of ARPA, DISA, and NSA, the ISSR-JTO will perform
the following joint functions:
Review and coordinate all Information System Security Research
programs at ARPA and NSA to ensure that there is no unnecessary
duplication, that the programs are technically sound, that they are
focused on customer requirements where available, and that long term
research is aimed at revolutionary increases in DoD security
Support ARPA and NSA in evaluating proposals and managing projects
arising from their information systems security efforts, and maintain
a channel for the exchange of technical expertise to support their
information systems security research programs.
Provide long range strategic planning for information systems
security research.  Provide concepts of future architectures which
include security as an integral component and a road map for the
products that need to be developed to fit the architectures, taking
into account anticipated DoD information systems security research
needs for command and control, intelligence, support functions, and
electronic commerce.  The long range security program will explore
technologies which extend security research boundaries.
Develop measures of the effectiveness of the information systems
security research programs in reducing vulnerabilities.
Work with DISA, other defense organizations, academic, and
industrial organizations to take new information systems security
research concepts and apply them to selected prototype systems and
testbed projects.
Encourage the U.S. industrial base to develop commercial products
with built-in security to be used in DoD systems.  Develop alliances
with industry to raise the level of security in all U.S. systems.
Bring together private sector leaders in information systems security
research to advise the JTO and build consensus for the resulting
Identify areas for which standards need to be developed for
information systems security.
Facilitate the availability and use of NSA certified cryptography
within information systems security research programs.
Proactively provide a coherent, integrated joint vision of the
program in internal and public communications.
Program Oversight and Revisions
The Director, ISSR-JTO, has a joint reporting responsibility to the
Directors of ARPA, DISA, and NSA.  The Director, ISSR-JTO, will
conduct a formal Program Status Review for the Directors of ARPA,
DISA, and NSA on an annual basis, and will submit mid-year progress
reports between formal reviews.  Specific reporting procedures and
practices of the JTO to ARPA, DISA, and NSA will be detailed in the
Joint Technology Management Plan.  This MOA will be reviewed at least
annually, and may be revised at any time, based on the mutual consent
of ARPA, DISA, and NSA, to assure the effective execution of the joint
initiative.  Any of the parties may withdraw from participation in the
MOA upon six months written notice.  The MOA is effective 2 April,
to Information Survivability Page Direct comments concerning this WWW site to: Webmaster

@_date: 1996-08-06 17:32:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Looking for CJ's or State Dept. correspondence re "public domain" 
We got a brief last week from the State Department in the Bernstein
case (in which we're trying to overturn the crypto export controls
on First Amendment grounds).  They state:
various means by which information is placed in the public domain.
Lowell Decl, para. 22.  The Department does not review scientific
information to determine whether it may be offered for sale at
newsstand and bookstores, through subscriptions, second-class mail, or
made available at libraries, or distributed at a conference or seminar
in the United States.  Id.
I am wondering if anyone else has ever sent in a CJ request that
sought to determine whether the item in question was considered
"public domain" by the State Department.  Several CJ's of this type
can be found near the bottom of my crypto export web page, at
Has anyone else had interactions with the State Department about
the "public domain" status of anything?  Please let me know.
John Gilmore                                    gnu  --  gnu
    Notice. - This document contains information affecting the national
    defense of the United States within the meaning of the Espionage Act
    (U.S.C. 50: 31, 32).  The transmission of this document or the
    revelation of its contents in any manner to any unauthorized person
    is prohibited.

@_date: 1996-08-27 12:45:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: RSA/Security Dynamics filings are on the web 
The RSA/SDTI merger may be the only chance we ever get to see RSA's
financial info.  Previously it was a privately held company, which
didn't report its finances publicly; now it'll be reported as part of
SDI (a much bigger company), so its finances will be hidden in
their larger business.
You can also see what RSA and SDTI are saying about the
RSA/Cylink/Schlafly lawsuits, the origins of VeriSign, how
Addison Fisher bankrolled RSA and owned 55% of it, etc.
Look on the SEC's EDGAR system, which contains copies of reports that
the government requires publicly traded companies to file.  Go to
and view the various forms.  The most fun is probably the big one,
the 1.5MB S-4 form from the merger itself.
These documents will require a tolerance for legalese, but there are lots
of gems in there for the patient.

@_date: 1996-08-30 18:03:46
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Errors-To: for cypherpunks 
I suggest forwarding each and every one to the tech-support address at
Banyan or at CCMail.  If that doesn't work, send them to the president
of each company, until they fix their products to adhere to Internet
standards for where to send bounce messages.
You have to keep pushing each problem back to its source; that's the
only way they get fixed.
I had good luck at this with Microsoft; I reported their bogus Win95
email software that would, by default, insert gibberish at the bottom
of each message, to their tech support folks.  When that got no useful
response, I forwarded a copy of the bug report to
, with a suggestion that having numerous
gibberish messages appearing daily in popular mailing list was making
Microsoft look like unresponsive novices in the Internet market.  Hmm,
the problem went away...

@_date: 1996-09-03 06:56:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
EFF does not have an agreed-upon position on anonymity (or
anonymopusity).  Each of us speaks as individuals on the topic.
Several EFF board members have experienced problems around anonymity.
On the Well, there was an experiment in anonymity which ended poorly.
I wasn't there so it's hard to critique it in hindsight.  But it certainly convinced ex-EFF-board-member Stewart Brand of the dangers of
Personally I'm in favor of anonymity.  I've researched the Supreme
Court cases that support it, and spoken on panels in favor of it.  I
frequently point out that postal mail and telephones are anonymous,
and the world has not disintegrated.  Part of what started the
cypherpunks in the first place was the anonymous remailer game, in
which some players tried to figure out who was passing notes to who,
while the others tried to conduct transactions anonymously under their
noses.  I was arrested at an airport a few weeks ago, and kept in
custody for 2-1/2 hours, for refusing to identify myself (and failing
to turn on my laptop on command!).  If the ACLU is interested, I'd
love to make a test case out of it.  I think in America we have -- and
should work to keep -- the right to travel within our borders without
identifying ourselves or producing any kind of government "papers".
But I sure can tell you I got mad when someone "anonymously" punctured
the tires of the car I was driving, for many weeks in a row.  The
hardest part was that I had no way to figure out WHY they were doing
it -- there was no way to communicate with them.  (Perhaps I should've
painted a message on the tires...)
If you think the problem with anonymity is restricted to physical
damage, think again; there are ways to do non-physical damage.
"Outing" people who have secrets is one way; confronting people with
ideas that they are unprepared to deal with is another.  Not to
mention theft of intellectual property, fraud, and other economic
damage, that anonymity makes it harder to deter or punish.
Like free speech and democracy, anonymity comes with its drawbacks;
it's just better than the alternatives.  Personally I think each
person should have the right to choose how much to identify themselves
and how much to be anonymous, in each situation.  Without losing
their civil rights (like the right to travel, or to speak or publish).
PS: I would counsel against the kind of false anonymity provided by
the Finnish server, though.  Providing information under the promise
that it will "never be revealed or misused" is a lot more dangerous
than never providing it at all.  E.g. "Anonymous cash" that is really
based on dossiers or account-numbers isn't anonymous at all.  Even
physical cash is getting easier to trace; the British government has
been tracking money by serial numbers for years, with custom machines
in the banks, to de-anonymize Irish freedom-fighters (oops, I mean
terrorists).  Anonymity is another area, like privacy, where changes
from technology can make big social differences.

@_date: 1996-09-07 02:18:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Sep 20th SF C'punks meeting: ITAR on trial 
We're having another "Cypherpunks Dress-Up Day" on Friday, September
20th.  Meet at the Federal Building in San Francisco, 450 Golden Gate
Avenue, at 11:45AM, in high-quality business drag.  [There will also
be a regular Saturday meeting this month, on Sep 14.]
It's been eleven months to the day since our first hearings in Dan
Bernstein's lawsuit against the NSA and State Department.  At this
hearing, starting at High Noon, we hope to convince Judge Marilyn Hall
Patel to declare that the ITAR (export regulations) and AECA (export
law) are unconstitutional.  We are asking her to order the State
Department to immediately stop enforcing them with respect to
cryptographic software.
Simultaneously, the government is asking her to declare that their
actions have been completely legal and Constitutional, and to throw
out our lawsuit.
Judge Patel has asked both sides to fully explore all the legal issues
in the case for this hearing, leaving aside any unresolved factual
questions (like exactly how many people have had their exports
denied).  She plans to decide the questions:
It's possible, but unlikely, that the judge will decide some of this
then-and-there.  Instead, we will get some insights into how she is
leaning, based on her questions and comments.  Her written decision
will come out some weeks or months later.  She then plans to certify
the case for immediate appeal to a higher court (the Ninth Circuit,
also here in San Francisco), to confirm or deny her legal analysis.
Watch the wheels of justice grind!  Meet the intrepid lawyers who are
working hard to protect our rights!  Shake hands with one or more NSA
representatives specially flown in for the occasion!  Meet some
journalists and be quoted talking about crypto freedom!
We will follow the hearing with a group lunch at Max's Opera Plaza, a
block away at Van Ness Avenue and Golden Gate Avenue.
As background, Dan Bernstein, ex-grad-student from UC Berkeley, is
suing the State Department, NSA, and other agencies, with help from
the EFF.  These agencies restrained Dan's ability to publish a paper,
as well as source code, for the crypto algorithm that he invented.  We
claim that their procedures, regulations, and laws are not only
unconstitutional as applied to Dan, but in general.  Full background
and details on the case, including all of our legal papers (and most
of the government's as well), are in the EFF Web archives at:
    Like Phil Karn's and Peter Junger's cases, this lawsuit really has the
potential to outlaw the whole NSA crypto export scam.  We intend to
make your right to publish and export crypto software as well-
protected by the courts as your right to publish and export books.  It
will probably take more years, and an eventual Supreme Court decision,
to make it stick.  But this is the hearing at which we plan to
convince our judge that these laws really are unconstitutional.  Her
order restoring our legal right to publish crypto source code could
come out by Christmas!
Please make a positive impression on the judge.  Show her -- by
showing up -- that this case matters to more people than just the
plaintiff and defendant.  Demonstrate that her decision will make a
difference to society.  That the public and the press are watching,
and really do care that she handles the issue well.
We'll have to be quiet and orderly while we're in the courthouse.
There will be no questions from the audience (that's us), and no
photography, but the session will be tape-recorded and transcribed,
and you can take notes if you like.  The lobby guards will want to
hold onto guns, "munitions", and even small pocketknives, before
they'll let you go upstairs to the courtrooms.
So, here's your excuse to put on a nice costume, take an early lunch,
and pay a call on the inner sanctum of our civil rights.  See you there!
PS:  If you can't come, you can still contribute.  Join EFF's Legal
Defense Fund; see

@_date: 1996-09-16 09:41:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: PRESS RELEASE: GERMANY CENSORS DUTCH WEBSITE WWW.XS4ALL.NL 
While you are at it, you could move just the censored material to a
separate IP address from the rest of the archives, and issue Web
redirects for requests sent to the old address.  In fact it might be
interesting to redirect readers to various mirror sites automatically,
at random and in rotation.  Thus, when someone connects to your web
site to read censored material, they will be automatically redirected
to one of dozens or hundreds of other places where the material can be
found.  The German censors will likely find it impossible to block
access to all those sites (and each such site can also be changing its
IP address periodically).
It's my impression that the draft Mobile-IP protocols will make it
possible for a site to use IP addresses from all over the Internet.
Mobile IP is normally designed for permitting a physical host to move
to various physical locations while retaining a fixed logical IP
address (corresponding to its "home" location).  It can probably also
be used to permit a physical host at a single physical location to
respond to multiple logical IP addresses at multiple virtual "home"
locations.  See or search for "Mobile IP" in a web search engine.
The Mobile IP protocols require strong authentication in order to
"move" around the network securely.  We hope this will prevent them
from being used to subvert Internet hosts.  However, in the presence
of *cooperation* from a variety of Internet sites, they can also be
used to make the physical location and Internet-address of actual
stored information invisible to the requesters of that information --
and to the censors attempting to block access to it.
Curiously enough, the National University of Singapore has implemented
Mobile IP for Linux!  See   Even in the
backyards of the most egregious censors, freely available technology
for combatting censorship is being built and distributed.  (A second
Linux implementation from is also available.)

@_date: 1996-09-17 20:52:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing reminder: THIS Friday 11:45AM, SF Federal Building 
When:	Friday, September 20, 1996, 11:45AM (hearing starts at Noon)
Where:	Federal Building, 450 Golden Gate Avenue, San Francisco; Judge
What:	Dan Bernstein's case to declare the export controls
Who:	me, Dan's lawyers, NSA & State & Justice dept lawyers, the
Why:	To see justice in action; to hang out with your friends; to be
I have read about "cypherpunk dress up day" and found it a good oppotunity to let Japanese reader of Wired know about law suit and circumustance of encription exporting, as well as actual activity of cypherpunk people.  So far, "cypherpunk" is more like just a image/notion  than actual living people to Japanese.
If I can take a couple of group pictures after the court, I can develop an article for their Feb '97 issue.
I hope it is ok with you and lots of lots of people show up this friday!
$B3^86(J $BMx9a(J        $B")(J183 $BEl5~ETI\Cf;TGr;eBf
Rika Kasahara  POBox 25427, Los Angeles, CA 90025
Voice:+1-310-478-0653       Fax  :+1-310-478-0493

@_date: 1996-09-19 11:11:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
CRYPTO FACE-OFF AT HIGH-NOON
Judge Patel to Decide if Government Restrictions on Cryptography Violate the First Amendment
September 18, 1996
                                Electronic Frontier Foundation Contacts:
                                     Shari Steele, Staff Counsel
                                      301/375-8856, ssteele
                                     John Gilmore, Founding Board Member
                                      415/221-6524, gnu
                                     Cindy Cohn, McGlashan & Sarrail
                                      415/341-2585, cindy
San Francisco, CA -- On Friday, September 20, 1996, Judge Marilyn Hall
Patel will hold hearings in a case with far-reaching implications for
personal privacy, U.S. competitiveness, and national security.  Mathematician Daniel J. Bernstein, a Research Assistant Professor in the Department of Mathematics, Statistics and Computer Science at the University of Illinois at Chicago, has sued several Federal agencies on the grounds that the agencies' requirement that he obtain a license prior to publishing his ideas about cryptography violates his First Amendment right to freedom of speech.
Cryptography is the science of secret writing.  It is the technology to use for providing privacy or proving authenticity over distances.  All kinds of communications, from cellular phones to corporate or
government databases, depend on cryptography for protection.  The
security of computers against intruders, the privacy and integrity of
the Internet, ATM machines, satellite and cable TV, and the world
financial networks all depend on cryptographic protection.  In fact, the very future of the global Internet, especially as a tool for commerce, political organizing and scientific development of new ideas, depends upon the availability of strong encryption.
The U.S. government has restricted cryptography since it was useful in winning World War II.  However, cellular telephones, satellites, ATM machines, and the Internet did not exist in 1945; advances in communication and cheap computation have made cryptography useful in many new applications.  In addition, strong encryption is already available abroad, making laws restricting their export obsolete and damaging the ability of U.S. businesses to compete in overseas markets.  In fact, Congress is currently considering three pieces
of legislation that would all update the export control laws and remove
encryption from its current place on the U.S. Munitions List.
While Washington toils with Pro-CODE and the other introduced bills, this hearing will examine the various legal tests that will determine
whether the export laws and regulations (the "ITAR") are
constitutional.  Professor Bernstein argues that they violate
the First Amendment in several different ways:
LEGAL ARGUMENTS
*       Any legal framework that allows a government bureaucrat to censor speech before it happens is an unconstitutional prior restraint.  The government is not allowed to set up such a drastic scheme unless they can prove that publication of such information will "surely result in direct, immediate, and irreparable damage to our Nation or its people" and that the regulation at issue is necessary to prevent this damage.  The government must also tightly restrain the discretion given to the bureaucrats to ensure that they don't misuse this power.  The government has not met this burden regarding the ITAR legal framework. * 	Because restrictions on speech about cryptography are based on the
content of what is being said, the court must apply a strict scrutiny test
to determine whether individuals can be punished for engaging in this
speech.  This requires that the regulation be necessary to serve a
compelling state interest and that it is narrowly drawn to achieve that
end.  The ITAR regulatory scheme has adopted a too- restrictive approach,
by prohibiting many forms of speech in the area of cryptography. *       The ITAR regulatory framework lacks the necessary procedural
safeguards.  Grants of administrative discretion must be limited by clear
standards, and judicial review must be available.  "Quite simply, the ITAR
Scheme allows its administrative agencies to make inconsistent, incorrect
and sometimes incomprehensible decisions censoring speech, all without the
protections of judicial review or oversight." *       The ITAR framework is unconstitutionally vague.  The government
doesn't even seem to know what its regulations include and exclude!  Here, they told Professor Bernstein that he could not publish his academic paper for over three years, only changing their collective mind and withdrawing that decision after being sued.  The lack of standards has allowed the government to misuse a statute aimed at commercial, military arms sales to limit academic and scientific publication. *       The ITAR regulatory scheme is overbroad.  In an internal memo
written almost 20 years ago, the government's own Office of Legal Counsel
concluded that the ITAR's licensing standards "are not sufficiently
precise to guard against arbitrary and inconsistent administrative
action."  The OLC specifically warned that the coverage was so broad it
could apply to "communication of unclassified information by a technical
lecturer at a university or to the conversation of a United States
engineer who meets with foreign friends at home to discuss matters of
theoretical interest."  This is exactly what is happening here, and it is
unconstitutional. Judge Patel will hear arguments from attorneys for Bernstein and the
government concerning their respective motions for summary judgment.  The
hearing on Friday is scheduled for 12:00 noon at the United States
District Court for the Northern District of California, San Francisco
Headquarters, at 450 Golden Gate Avenue.  The hearing is open to the press
and to the public. CASE BACKGROUND
Bernstein completed the development of an "encryption algorithm" (a recipe or set of instructions) he calls "Snuffle."  In order to contribute Snuffle to the marketplace of scientific ideas, and to allow other scientists to evaluate and test his ideas, Bernstein wishes to publish (a) a paper in English describing and explaining the algorithm, (b) the "source code" for a computer program that uses the algorithm (this source code more precisely describes and implements the idea), and (c) instructions for how a person could use the source code and a computer to encrypt communications.  He wishes to publish them in print journals as well as on the Internet. Bernstein also wishes to discuss these items at mathematical conferences, in
college classrooms, on the Internet, and in other open, public meetings.  In fact, he would like to use Snuffle as part of his course material for a cryptography class he will be teaching next spring.
The Arms Export Control Act and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (the ITAR regulatory scheme) required Bernstein to submit his ideas about cryptography to the government for review, to register as an arms dealer, and to apply for and obtain from the government a license to publish his ideas.  Failure to do so would result in severe civil and criminal penalties.  Bernstein believes this is a violation of his First Amendment rights and has sued the government.
In the first phase of this litigation, the government argued that
since Bernstein's ideas were expressed, in part, in computer language
(source code), they were not protected by the First Amendment.  On
April 15, 1996, Judge Patel rejected that argument and held for the
first time that computer source code is protected speech for purposes
of the First Amendment.
Because of its far-reaching implications, the Bernstein case is being
watched closely by privacy advocates, the computer industry, the export
and cryptography communities, and First Amendment activists.  In fact,
several members of these communities provided declarations that were
submitted in support of Bernstein's motion. ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional pro bono legal assistance is being provided by Lee Tien of
Berkeley; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel, Levitt
& Weiss; James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First Amendment
Project in Oakland; and Robert Corn-Revere of the Washington, DC, law
firm of Hogan & Hartson.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a non-profit civil liberties
organization working in the public interest to protect privacy, free
expression, and access to online resources and information.  EFF is a
primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF helped to find Bernstein pro
bono counsel, is a member of the Bernstein legal team, and helped collect
members of the academic community and computer industry to support this
case. Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at

@_date: 1996-09-20 18:48:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: 56 kbps modems 
I checked the Rockwell home page, which has a pointer to the press
release.  It isn't very technical, but gives some good clues.  It
looks like they're doing an interesting trick.  The modems aren't
designed for use like traditional modems, where the same equipment is
on each end.  Instead, there is a digital interface on one side of the
phone call (like at an Internet Service Provider).  The consumer side
modem has a traditional analog interface.
The rest of this is speculation and fantasy on my part.
So, think about it.  The analog side will generate voltages and send
them to the local central office, where they will be digitized and
sent to the destination central office digitally.  There, they will be
patched into one channel of a T1 line (out of 24) and sent digitally
to the ISP's "modem bank".  Equipment is already available (and in use
all over the uunet network) that plugs T1 into a board full of digital
signal processors, decodes each of the 24 channels (each channel
running any modem signalling protocol, or ISDN), handles PPP packet
framing, and gateways the resulting packets to/from an Ethernet.
Now for Rockwell's trick, you get the DSP's in the two modems to talk
to each other.  They can run some simple coding scheme (say ordinary
2400 baud modem for this example) to pass digital data back and forth
while they're negotiating the full blown deal.  First, the analog side
sync's up with the clock for the 8000 samples/sec that the central
office is digitizing (into 8-bit samples).  You can do that by sending
one voltage and then switching to another; the far side can tell you
whether you switched on a sample-boundary or not (was there a sample
"in between" before it settled to the new value?).
OK, then, in each sample slot, the analog side can send one of 256
different voltages.  The digital side can tell it the 8-bit values it
received.  Then fine-tune that to sending 128 different voltages,
taking particular care around the ones that got distorted the first
time.  As long as you can find 128 distinct voltage levels that the
central office will reliably digitize, you're done.  You're sending
7-bit samples at 8000 samples/sec.  Do something similar for the
analog receive side, and you can start passing user data at 56K.
If the robbed-bit stuff gets in the way of seeing 128 distinct voltage
levels in every byte, you can send solid zeroes or solid ones in each
direction and see which bits they're stealing out of which bytes.
Use most of the 8 bits available in the other bytes (you can find e.g.
200 different voltage levels that will work), and in the stolen byte,
you can find e.g. 100 voltage levels that work.  This is more bits
than using 128 voltage levels in every byte, and in fact you can
probably get closer to 64 kbits/sec than to 56 kbits/sec, depending on
the analog qualities of the wire to your central office.
A nice trick!  It won't speed up analog-modem-to-analog-modem
connections, but those will increasingly be a smaller and smaller
fraction anyway, as the digital infrastructure becomes cheap.  And
of course the 56K modems will just be DSP's with decent A/D and D/A
interfaces, so they can run all the old analog protocols too, in the
case that the phone line isn't digitized, or if they want to talk to
an old modem.

@_date: 1996-09-23 16:56:08
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
The EFF press release on the Bernstein hearing said:
Jim Bell said:
The wording there is taken directly from the controlling Supreme Court
case, which I believe is the Pentagon Papers case.  The example used
in that case was the departure date and route of a ship carrying US
troops to war.  The government could sue people who threatened to
publish such information, prior to publication, and have some chance
of winning the case.  It's not a guarantee, just a pre-qualification.
The idea is that if they CAN'T show such a danger, they have NO chance
of winning.
The Supreme Court didn't even say that publishing the sailing dates
of troop transports *could* be prior-restrained.  What they said was
that they would consider such a case if it ever got to them.  Cases
which didn't meet such a high standard should just be taken care of
by the lower courts.
We aren't conceding anything.  We're pointing out that the
export control law doesn't even meet the standard that the supreme
court has already set for laws like this.
You might want to hold the government to a higher standard than the
threshold they set in the Pentagon Papers case.  Myself, I think they
did an excellent job, especially considering that it was wartime and
that the document the New York Times wanted to publish was classified
but had been leaked.  They didn't permit the government to
prior-restrain publication of it ANYWAY.  The "direct, immediate and
irreperable damage" phrase was them merely trying to think up a
hypothetical document that they MIGHT allow prior restraint to apply
My opinion on criminal and civil law is quite different from the
Supreme Court's.  Still, I am working on having the Supreme Court
confirm my opinion in a particular area -- that of the crypto export
control laws.  I'd rather bring them a nice simple case that focuses
on just one thing.  It's a lot easier for them to decide about the thing I really care about, if it doesn't bring in extraneous factors
like exactly where the line should be for permitting prior restraint.
The Supreme Court would ignore the prior restraint line issue anyway,
because it isn't a factor in this case.  The government isn't arguing
that they have the right to prior-restrain us because of direct,
immediate and irreperable damage.  Instead they argue that the
publication itself is being controlled only for its function, not for
the content of the publication, and therefore in controlling the
function, they can "incidentally" control the publication.  And if
they can legitimately control the speech, then what's all this fuss
about prior restraint when it's punishable speech anyway?  This is the
set of issues that the Supreme Court would tend to look at.
PS:  I'm not a lawyer, and I didn't ask a lawyer to read this over,
so I might have some parts wrong.

@_date: 1996-09-26 04:28:20
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Feds trying to stop judicial review of Commerce Dept export controls 
[They appear to be trying to transfer all the export controls from the
State Dept to the Commerce Dept -- including all the unconstitutional
and heavy-handed parts.		-- John]
Re:     Proposed Amendments to Preclude Judicial Review in the Export
Failed U.S. encryption export controls continue to threaten Internet
security, individual privacy, and the competitiveness of U.S. industry.
Proposed amendments to H.R. 361, The Omnibus Export Administration Act of
1996 (see attached), would make this problem worse by preventing judicial
review of Commerce Department export control decisions, and should be
defeated.  These Amendments:
*       Would further entrench a failed U.S. encryption policy
*       Would provide extraordinary relief that is unjustified, and would
shift the balance of power in the ongoing public debate over Internet
*       Will prevent judicial review of a broad area of public policy
affecting the First and Fourth Amendment rights of Americans.
*       Are inappropriate legislative meddling in ongoing controversies
*       Are unnecessary as the EAA already contains strict judicial review
On balance, the Amendments would shelter the highly sensitive area of
Internet security from much-needed judicial scrutiny .  The Amendments are
inappropriate, unjustified, and should not be approved.
The Amendments entrench a failed U.S. encryption policy  -- Administration
export regulation of encryption keep U.S. computer users from protecting
their privacy online and damage the competitiveness of U.S. industry.
Three active cases in Federal Court are challenging these export controls.
Three bills have been proposed in this session of Congress with bipartisan
support to address what many believe to be the inappropriate application of
export controls to encryption exports.   The Amendments would further
entrench these controversial regulations by sheltering them from
much-needed judicial scrutiny.
The Amendments provide extraordinary, unjustified relief -- The Amendments
would preclude all judicial review under the Administrative Procedure Act,
including challenges to arbitrary and capricious rule-making or improper
statutory interpretation.  They would extend the already limited judicial
review provisions in the original EAA and H.R.361 to preclude nearly all
substantive review.   Congress has made no findings that would suggest that
such unusual relief is warranted.  Typically, relief from judicial review
might be granted in areas where excessive or inappropriate litigation is
feared in areas that Congress feels are well-settled.  Such is not the case
here.  The problem with encryption export controls has not been too much
The Amendments prevent judicial review of decisions that implicate First,
Fourth, and Fifth Amendment rights -- Export controls have been the
Administration's exclusive vehicle for the its key escrow encryption
proposals -- which have a grave impact on American's First, Fourth, and
Fifth amendment right.  The Amendments would thus preclude judicial review
in an area broadly affecting the rights of individuals and the growth of a
new medium.
The Amendments will likely interfere with important cases and controversies

@_date: 1996-10-04 06:42:07
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: How to Compete under Clipper-3 
The difference is that some weak companies will decide to fall for it.
These companies may think that two years of 56-bit un-escrowed
products (with promises of key escrow in future releases) will be
competitive against 40-bit un-escrowed products.  They're right, but
that's not the competition they will be facing.
The right competitive strategy is to build strong crypto using 168-bit
Triple-DES, in a country that has a sane government and a respect for
privacy.  Such products would sell well against 56-bit products or
key-escrowed products produced by the weak companies that tried to
lean on the government for a competitive edge.
If the US government ends up ever imposing import restrictions on
crypto, it will be completely clear to everyone that their goal all
along has been to restrict the availability of privacy to AMERICANS.
The export laws, their continual announcements that "Americans are
free to use any crypto they want", and all their preaching about
impacts on foreign intelligence would be known as an obvious sham all
Import restrictions would not be any more Constitutional than export
restrictions.  The Constitutional right to receive information (in the
form of source code) from outside the US will enable companies to
bypass any import restrictions that survive Constitutional scrutiny.
They can do their crypto development in a free country, ship binaries
to most of the world from there, ship source code to the United
States, and compile that source code to binaries for local US
distribution.  None of these actions will violate any US export or
import controls that can be Constitutionally imposed.  Such
development can be done in dozens of countries.  Some countries who
aren't afraid of their citizens having privacy will find it
economically advantageous to remain free, despite US pressure to
suppress privacy.  A small industry of good cryptographers will grow
into a large industry there, as the US pressures the rest of the world
to become less free.

@_date: 1996-10-18 16:46:19
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: IP: - Biham/Shamir Differential Fault Analysis of DES, etc 
Note that this attack requires physical access to the DES chip, to
stress it so it will fail.  It works great against "tamper-proof"
devices such as smart cards.  It doesn't work against encryption
happening at any distance from the attacker (e.g. across the network).
It doesn't work against stored information like PGP-encrypted
email messages either.
However, it might be possible to use the attack by beaming disruptive
energies (heat, electrons, microwaves, etc) at a computer which is
doing a lot of encryption, while simultaneously monitoring that
computer's activity across a network.

@_date: 1996-10-20 14:00:44
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: IETF meets in San Jose, Dec 9-13; want to come? 
The Internet Engineering Task Force will hold one of its thrice-yearly
meetings in San Jose in December, making it accessible to many
cypherpunks.  (The following two meetings will be April in Memphis,
and August in Munich.)
IETF sponsors working groups which propose new protocols and
procedures to evolve the Internet technology and infrastructure.  Many
of these working groups are of interest to cypherpunks.  Working
groups are open to all interested parties and transact almost all of
their business by email.  An IETF meeting is a place where working
groups can meet and resolve issues that are hard to handle by email.
It's also a place for newcomers to the working groups to be introduced
to the issues and existing players.
An IETF meeting is not a standards committee meeting, nor is it a
technical conference.  It's a unique animal.  The working groups meet
in parallel sessions, usually several times per meeting.  Participants
are encouraged to submit any large publications by email before the
meeting, so that they can be intelligently discussed, rather than
merely read, at the meeting.  There is little or no voting, and few or
no "papers".  The working groups run by "rough consensus and running
code" -- a method near and dear to the cypherpunk credo.
There's a whole Security Area with these working groups:
aft	Authenticated Firewall Traversal cat	Common Authentication Technology
dnssec	Domain Name System Security
ipsec	IP Security Protocol
otp	One Time Password Authentication
pkix	Public-Key Infrastructure (X.509)
tls	Transport Layer Security
wts	Web Transaction Security
I'm actively working with the DNSSEC and IPSEC groups, on my S/WAN project.
In addition there are lots of other interesting working groups for
Mobile IP, Web evolution, MIME and email security, IPv6, Dynamic DNS
update, etc.  All of these have security implications.
For more information about any of this, see   You'll find
full info about the upcoming meeting, as well as minutes from past
meetings, working group charters and web pages, archives of working
group email lists, more info than you'll be able to read.  Many
working group sessions are multicast on the MBone for those who can't
travel to participate, and there is excellent Internet access
available on-site, with acres of terminals, printers, and
Attending the meeting will cost $250 if postmarked before Nov 8.
Non-local c'punks who wish to attend, but who can't afford to stay in
a hotel, can probably find other c'punks in the area to stay with.
(I'm in San Francisco, 50 miles from the meeting, so I'm not a good
candidate.)

@_date: 1996-10-29 12:28:49
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Fortezza web site in Huntsville 
Check out   Bonus points for the first
people to identify who actually runs the site.

@_date: 1996-11-01 17:27:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing, Nov 8, 10:30AM: injunction against export controls 
Watch the noose tighten around the scrawny neck of the vile crypto
export controls!  Be part of reclaiming your freedom to teach
cryptography and to share your crypto expressions worldwide!  Garb
yourself in a ritual costume used by powerful and famous people!  See
the smooth Justice Department minion who lost the Communications
Decency Act case once again fail to suppress free speech!  Meet
renowned East Coast lawyer Robert Corn-Revere, who helped Phil
Zimmermann face down ITAR prosecution!
Next Friday, 8 November 1996, at 10:30AM we will join forces at Yet
Another Hearing in the case of Dan Bernstein v. Large Government
Agencies.  Convene at the Federal Building in San Francisco, 450
Golden Gate Avenue, in the courtroom of Judge Marilyn Hall Patel.
We'll recognize each other because we'll all be dressed like lawyers.
We will follow the formal proceedings with a group lunch at Max's
Opera Plaza, a block away at Van Ness Avenue and Golden Gate Avenue.
Or come prepared to suggest a walkable alternative eatery more to your
liking, and we can go there instead.
Dan would like to teach a class in cryptography in the upcoming winter
semester, but is afraid that teaching it in the ordinary way (posting
his class materials on the Web, etc) would violate the ITAR.  He
thinks that the ITAR is unconstitutional, and that altering his
ordinary teaching because of a threat of ITAR prosecution is a
"chilling effect" on his constitutional rights of free expression and
academic freedom.
Because it's not clear whether the earlier, broader, motions that we
argued in September will be decided by the time of his class, he has
asked the judge for a "preliminary injunction", a court order in the
following form:
    prosecuting under the Arms Export Control Act (AECA) 22 U.S.C.
    2778 et seq., and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations
    (ITAR), 22 C.F.R. 120 et seq., or any export control statute or
    regulation which would require prepublication licensing of any
    teaching or scientific exchange activities, the following persons:
    cryptography software or defense services from Plaintiff or his
    students; when such technical data, cryptography software or
    defense services were given or received as part of teaching or
    scientific exchanges during or in preparation for the cryptography
    course to be taught by Plaintiff during the Spring, 1997 semester
    at the University of Illinois at Chicago.
    licensure, approval, registration, reporting or the fulfillment of
    any requirements of the AECA, ITAR or any export control statute
    or regulation which would require prepublication licensing of any
    teaching or scientific exchange activities, the [same] persons...
We tried to get the Government to agree to this without getting the
judge involved, but despite their protests that they don't control
academic activities, they would not agree.  So here we go with another
"Cypherpunks Dress-Up Day" on a Friday morning in San Francisco.
Robert Corn-Revere  has recently joined the
Bernstein legal team.  He wrote the excellent arguments for this
motion, and will attend the hearing.  Here's a sample of his prose.
    academic freedom, Defendants display a striking enthusiasm for
    defining the limits of "appropriate" academic inquiry and
    communication.  Without directly disputing the fact that computer
    software and source code *is* speech, or that access to such
    software is essential to Prof. Bernstein's course on cryptography,
    or that consultation with other researchers in the field
    (generally via the Internet) is part of the normal academic
    process, or that posting such materials for students on the World
    Wide Web is standard academic practice, Defendants baldly assert
    that such activities have "nothing to do with teaching a class in
    Chicago."  PI Opp at 1.  Indeed Defendants state categorically
    that "the principle of 'academic freedom' does not authorize
    Plaintiff to transmit abroad [cryptographic software], *even if
    his own purpose is merely to convey some theory implicit in the
    software*."  Id. at 22-23 (emphasis added).
...        proposition that if it is not restricting speech in *all* cases,
    it is not engaging in censorship in *some* cases.  Yet in every
    case with which the Plaintiff is familiar in which cryptographers
    have consulted the Government (or otherwise been brought to the
    Government's attention), the officials who administer the ITAR
    scheme have counseled caution, have initiated investigations and
    have subjected publications to the CJ process.  In this respect,
    Defendants have instituted a kind of "don't ask/don't tell" policy
    for cryptography. ...  If anything, such an informal approach
    causes greater concern, since the law is clear that sporadic or
    discretionary enforcement of a policy that restricts speech
    creates a more significant First Amendment problem than does
    uniform enforcement.
    Defendants repeatedly assert that teaching a class on cryptography
    or making software available to students are not "regulated by the
    Government", PI Opp at 1, yet just as repeatedly describe the
    conditions under which the very same activities are regulated by
    the ITAR.  The Government maintains that it "is not threatening to
    prosecute Plaintiff or anyone for teaching cryptography," Id. at
    2, yet continues to argue that the course plan Prof. Bernstein is
    proposing would violate the export controls.
As background, Dan Bernstein, ex-grad-student from UC Berkeley, is
suing the State Department, NSA, and other agencies, with help from
the EFF.  These agencies restrained Dan's ability to publish a paper,
as well as source code, for the crypto algorithm that he invented.  We
claim that their procedures, regulations, and laws are not only
unconstitutional as applied to Dan, but in general.  Full background
and details on the case, including all of our legal papers (and most
of the government's as well), are in the EFF Web archives at:
    [Actually, not all the paperwork for this Preliminary Injunction is
online yet, but we hope it will be by the time you read this...]
Like Phil Karn's and Peter Junger's cases, this lawsuit really has the
potential to outlaw the whole NSA crypto export scam.  We intend to
make your right to publish and export crypto software as well-
protected by the courts as your right to publish and export books.  It
will probably take more years, and an eventual Supreme Court decision,
to make it stick.  But perhaps at this hearing we can make it legal
for one teacher to teach crypto using the Web this winter.
Please make a positive impression on the judge.  Show her -- by
showing up -- that this case matters to lots of people.  Most court
cases have nobody in the audience.  Demonstrate that her decision will
make a difference to society.  That the public and the press are
watching, and really do care that she handles the issue well.
We'll have to be quiet and orderly while we're in the courthouse.
There will be no questions from the audience (that's us), and no
photography, but the session will be tape-recorded and transcribed.
You can take notes if you like.
So, here's your excuse to put on a nice costume, take the morning off,
and pay a call on the inner sanctum of our civil rights.  See you there!
PS:  If you can't come, you can still contribute.  Become an EFF
member; see

@_date: 1996-11-02 02:13:32
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
As stated by Dr. Vulis, he is no longer on the cypherpunks mailing
list, and indeed majordomo HAS been instructed to ignore his
requests to resubscribe.
I removed him, on my own initiative.  I got tired of asking him to
stop stirring up flames.  When he posted a message saying that we'd
have to use technical means to stop him from flaming the list, I said,
Tim May was not involved.
I've met Dr. Vulis in person.  He seemed like a reasonable guy.  I
treated him that way for months, despite his inability to control
himself on the list.  When he ultimately declined to control his
outbursts after numerous personal requests, I removed him.
The cypherpunks list is for discussions centered around cryptography.
I'm sure there are several mailing lists where ethnic cleansing
discussions would be welcome.  There are probably even mailing lists
which encourage people to fire off their best inflammatory messages.
If there aren't, Dr Vulis could start one.  I don't sponsor any.
Cypherpunks, please resist your own temptation to bait him (or anyone
else).  The best defense a mailing list has against flames is to
simply ignore them.  When they don't provoke an emotional response,
they don't accomplish the poster's goal, and the poster eventually
wanders off in search of more naive pastures.

@_date: 1996-11-06 11:51:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein hearing, Nov 8 CANCELED! 
Judge Patel has decided that she already knows enough, based on the
papers submitted by both sides, to decide our motion for a preliminary
injunction to protect Dan Bernstein as he teaches a class on
cryptography in January.
She also says that she will decide our motion for partial summary
judgement (from the September 20th hearing) at the same time.
So, THERE WILL BE NO HEARING ON NOVEMBER 8TH!  DON'T COME, WE WON'T BE THERE.
Apologies for the short notice.  It's all the notice the legal team
I'll let you know as soon as she releases her decision.

@_date: 1996-11-09 01:32:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: New Linux-IPSEC mailing list for the S/WAN project 
I'm sending you this message because you might be interested in
helping to build or test or document, or teach about, my S/WAN project
to secure 5% of the net by Christmas.
There is now a public mailing list which you can join to find out
what's happening in the project, get the latest software for testing,
ask questions, etc.  To join the list, send mail to:
The email should contain a single line that just says:
This mailing list will have discussions, not just announcements,
and will be very technical (not political or social).
The S/WAN project's goal is to provide free software that makes it
easy to encrypt a site's net traffic automatically, and to encourage
acceptance and deployment of this software.  My original timetable
aimed to have 5% of the net encrypted by Christmas.  We will not meet
this goal; it was romantic, but very ambitious.  Instead, my current
goal is to have our first complete software release available by
Christmas, which people can use to encrypt 5% of the net in the
following months.  This is still an ambitious goal.
In case you haven't been following developments in the project,
there's a new version of the Domain Name System BIND code that you can
install to enable your site to publish its keys to the net.  Our
software to USE the keys isn't ready yet -- but it usually takes weeks
or months to get your domain administrator to update their version of
BIND, so it's a great idea to get them started now.
There's also a very new test version of the Linux kernel code that
implements low-level packet encryption.  This code requires manual
configuration, and only implements single-DES rather than triple-DES.
It has a long way to go.  But it enables you to manually set up
encrypted tunnels to other sites around the Internet (such as other
sites in your company, or which you collaborate with).  Shaking out
this layer and making it solid and bulletproof is important, so we can
depend on it as we build the higher layers that provide encrypting
tunnels automatically and opportunistically.  Details on how to get
the test software are in the web page at:
I hope that having a mailing list for the helpers and implementers
will make it easier for everyone to stay up to date, and easier for
everyone to contribute.  If we all push in the same direction, we may
have 5% of the net traffic encrypted by Easter...
PS: The new Linux-IPSEC mailing list is graciously hosted in Finland
by Tatu Ylonen, author of ssh, another good piece of cryptographic
software.  Linux is the free operating system on which the project is
being built.  IPSEC is the set of (Internet Protocol SECurity)
protocols which add packet-level encryption to TCP/IP.

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:05:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: HP announcing some International Cryptography stuff on Monday 
Are they the next Big Company to knuckle under to the Feds?  Their
pcmcia-with-local-country-surveillance-chip-socket initiative never
seemed to go anywhere.
 PALO ALTO, Calif.(BUSINESS WIRE)Nov. 15, 1996 Hewlett-Packard Company today announced that Lewis E. Platt, HP chairman, president and chief executive officer, will host a press and analyst event on Monday, Nov. 18, that will showcase the fact that a significant barrier to conducting secured business transactions and communications over the Internet has been cleared.    Expected to join Platt at the International Cryptography Framework announcement are Brad Silverberg, senior vice president of Microsoft(R)'s Internet Platform and Tools Division, and Ron Smith, senior vice president and general manager of Intel's Semiconductor Products Group.    The event will be held at 9:30 a.m. (registration at 9:00 a.m.) in the White and Murrow Rooms of the National Press Club, 529 14th Street N.W., Washington.    Members of the press and analysts should contact HP's Lisa Arruiza-DeLeon at 408/447-5331 to register for an event that will showcase an approach to solving the data security and integrity issues that have impaired and frightened users and companies from exploiting the full power of the Internet.

@_date: 1996-11-22 11:36:17
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Nov 26 DC: House hearing on compsec & crypto: PRZ, Denning, Lin, ... 
DC-area cypherpunks may want to attend to watch the sausage machine in action.
Forwarded-by: Dave Farber The Technology Subcommittee of the House Science Committee is holding a
briefing on computer security and encryption at 2:00 PM in Room 2318
Rayburn on Tuesday, November 26.  Panelists are:
  Herb Lin, moderator.  Study director of NRC crypto report.
  Bill Reinsch, Commerce Dept. Undersecretary for Export Administration
  Dan Geer, Director of Engineering, Open Market, Inc.
  John Linn, chair of IETF Common Authentication Technology Working Group
  Dorothy Denning, professor at Georgetown University
  Phil Zimmerman, author of PGP

@_date: 1996-12-13 10:50:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: RSA Laboratories seeks contributions for the "next generation" of PKCS 
"'firewalls ,
        "'ietf-otp ,
        "'ietf-pkix ,
        "'ipsec ,
        "'www-security         "'swan-dev
        "'smime-dev Comments and suggestions are invited for the next generation of the
Public-Key Cryptography Standards, the intervendor specifications developed
starting in 1991 by RSA Laboratories in conjunction with industry and
The Public-Key Cryptography Standards were established to provide a
catalyst for interoperable security based on public-key cryptographic
techniques, and
they have become the basis for many formal standards and are implemented
widely. With several years' experience and review, and with many new
developments in cryptography since 1991, it is now time to update PKCS.
Suggestions are invited in the following areas:
    * improvements to the current suite of standards
    * contributions for new standards, including standards for transport and
      local storage of personal information such as private keys and
      certificates, and standards for platform-independent cryptographic
      programming interfaces
PKCS documents are low-level standards stating precisely how one may
accomplish specific cryptographic or cryptography-related tasks.  Most are
concerned with specifying byte-level recipes (often in ASN.1) for formatting
various types of data (such as a block which is to be RSA-encrypted), rather
than making general security-related recommendations ("An RSA modulus
should be at least XXX bits long.").
RSA Laboratories is actively soliciting suggestions and contributions
for the "next generation" of PKCS from now until the end of April 1997.  If
you have written up a document detailing extensions you've made to an
existing PKCS, and you feel that others could benefit from the use of your
extensions, then we'd like to see your document.  If you have an idea for a
new PKCS, we'd like to hear that, too.  And if you have something somewhere
in between, send it along; of course, detailed, well-developed contributions
are generally preferred.  Suggestions should be sent either to the
pkcs-tng mailing list (you can subscribe to this list by sending
email with "subscribe pkcs-tng" in the message body to majordomo
unsubscribe with "unsubscribe pkcs-tng") or to pkcs-editor whichever
is deemed more appropriate.
Current PKCS documents are:
PKCS  RSA Encryption Standard.
PKCS  Diffie-Hellman Key-Agreement Standard.
PKCS  Password-Based Encryption Standard.
PKCS  Extended-Certificate Syntax Standard.
PKCS  Cryptographics Message Syntax Standard.
PKCS  Private-Key Information Syntax Standard.
PKCS  Selected Attribute Types.
PKCS  Certificate Request Syntax Standard.
PKCS  Cryptographic Token Interface Standard (CRYPOKI).
The above documents are available from RSADSI's web site, and links to them
may be found at All contributions received shall be examined, and, if appropriate, a workshop
(or several workshops) shall be held to further determine the content of the
"next generation" of PKCS.

@_date: 1996-12-13 14:59:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: NSA/UKUSA Echelon: Exposing the Global Surveillance System 
I don't know the truth of this, but I'm sure it will make
interesting reading.					-- John
Forwarded-By: Dale Amon as Operator Forwarded-By: Steven Carlson This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
** Topic:  Exposing Global Surveillance System **
** Written 10:30 AM  Dec  3, 1996 by caq in cdp:covertaction **
EXPOSING THE GLOBAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM
by Nicky Hager
                 ------
The article as it apears in hard copy in the
magazine also includes the following sidebars:
--"NSA'S BUSINESS PLAN: GLOBAL ACCESS"
   by Duncan Campbell
--GREENPEACE WARRIOR: WHY NO WARNING?
        and
--NZ's PM Kept in the Dark
  by Nicky Hager
********Hager's book "secret Power"
       is available from CAQ for $33.*******
                -----------
IN THE LATE 1980S, IN A DECISION IT PROBABLY
REGRETS, THE US PROMPTED NEW ZEALAND TO JOIN A
NEW AND HIGHLY SECRET GLOBAL INTELLIGENCE
SYSTEM. HAGER'S INVESTIGATION INTO IT AND HIS
DISCOVERY OF THE ECHELON DICTIONARY HAS
REVEALED ONE OF THE WORLD'S BIGGEST, MOST
CLOSELY HELD INTELLIGENCE PROJECTS. THE SYSTEM
ALLOWS SPY AGENCIES TO MONITOR MOST OF THE
WORLD'S TELEPHONE, E-MAIL, AND TELEX
For 40 years, New Zealand's largest
intelligence agency, the Government
Communications Security Bureau (GCSB)   the
nation's equivalent of the US  National
Security Agency (NSA)   had been helping its
Western allies to spy on countries throughout
the Pacific region, without the knowledge of
the New Zealand public or many of its highest
elected officials. What the NSA did not know
is that by the late 1980s, various
intelligence staff had decided these
activities had been too secret for too long,
and were providing me with interviews and
documents exposing New Zealand's intelligence
activities. Eventually, more than 50 people
who work or have worked in intelligence and
related fields agreed to be interviewed.
The activities they described made it possible
to document, from the South Pacific, some
alliance-wide systems and projects which have
been kept secret elsewhere. Of these, by far
the most important is ECHELON.
Designed and coordinated by NSA, the ECHELON
system is used to intercept ordinary e-mail,
fax, telex, and telephone communications
carried over the world's telecommunications
networks. Unlike many of the electronic spy
systems developed during the Cold War, ECHELON
is designed primarily for non-military
targets: governments, organizations,
businesses, and individuals in virtually every
country. It potentially affects every person
communicating between (and sometimes within)
countries anywhere in the world.
It is, of course, not a new idea that
intelligence organizations tap into e-mail and
other public telecommunications networks. What
was new in the material leaked by the New
Zealand intelligence staff was precise
information on where the spying is done, how
the system works, its capabilities and
shortcomings, and many details such as the
The ECHELON system is not designed to
eavesdrop on a particular individual's e-mail
or fax link. Rather, the system works by
indiscriminately intercepting very large
quantities of communications and using
computers to identify and extract messages of
interest from the mass of unwanted ones. A
chain of secret interception facilities has
been established around the world to tap into
all the major components of the international
telecommunications networks. Some monitor
communications satellites, others land-based
communications networks, and others radio
communications. ECHELON links together all
these facilities, providing the US and its
allies with the ability to intercept a large
proportion of the communications on the
The computers at each station in the ECHELON
network automatically search through the
millions of messages intercepted for ones
containing pre-programmed keywords. Keywords
include all the names, localities, subjects,
and so on that might be mentioned. Every word
of every message intercepted at each station
gets automatically searched   whether or not a
specific telephone number or e-mail address is
on the list.
The thousands of simultaneous messages are
read in "real time" as they pour into the
station, hour after hour, day after day, as
the computer finds intelligence needles in
telecommunications haystacks.
SOMEONE IS LISTENING
The computers in stations around the globe are
known, within the network, as the ECHELON
Dictionaries. Computers that can automatically
search through traffic for keywords have
existed since at least the 1970s, but the
ECHELON system was designed by NSA to
interconnect all these computers and allow the
stations to function as components of an
integrated whole. The NSA and GCSB are bound
together under the five-nation UKUSA signals
intelligence agreement. The other three
partners   all with equally obscure names
are the Government Communications Headquarters
(GCHQ) in Britain, the Communications Security
Establishment (CSE) in Canada, and the Defense
Signals Directorate (DSD) in Australia.
The alliance, which grew from cooperative
efforts during World War II to intercept radio
transmissions, was formalized into the UKUSA
agreement in 1948 and aimed primarily against
the USSR. The five UKUSA agencies are today
the largest intelligence organizations in
their respective countries. With much of the
world's business occurring by fax, e-mail, and
phone, spying on these communications receives
the bulk of intelligence resources. For
decades before the introduction of the ECHELON
system, the UKUSA allies did intelligence
collection operations for each other, but each
agency usually processed and analyzed the
intercept from its own stations.
Under ECHELON, a particular station's
Dictionary computer contains not only its
parent agency's chosen keywords, but also has
lists entered in for other agencies. In New
Zealand's satellite interception station at
Waihopai (in the South Island), for example,
the computer has separate search lists for the
NSA, GCHQ, DSD, and CSE in addition to its own.
Whenever the Dictionary encounters a message
containing one of the agencies' keywords, it
automatically picks it and sends it directly
to the headquarters of the agency concerned.
No one in New Zealand screens, or even sees,
the intelligence collected by the New Zealand
station for the foreign agencies. Thus, the
stations of the junior UKUSA allies function
for the NSA no differently than if they were
overtly NSA-run bases located on their soil.
The first component of the ECHELON network are
stations specifically targeted on the
international telecommunications satellites
(Intelsats) used by the telephone companies of
most countries. A ring of Intelsats is
positioned around the world, stationary above
the equator, each serving as a relay station
for tens of thousands of simultaneous phone
calls, fax, and e-mail. Five UKUSA  stations
have been established to intercept the
communications carried by the Intelsats.
The British GCHQ station is located at the top
of high cliffs above the sea at Morwenstow in
Cornwall. Satellite dishes beside sprawling
operations buildings point toward Intelsats
above the Atlantic, Europe, and, inclined
almost to the horizon, the Indian Ocean. An
NSA station at Sugar Grove, located 250
kilometers southwest of Washington, DC, in the
mountains of West Virginia, covers Atlantic
Intelsats transmitting down toward North and
South America. Another NSA station is in
Washington State, 200 kilometers southwest of
Seattle, inside the Army's Yakima Firing
Center. Its satellite dishes point out toward
the Pacific Intelsats and to the east. *1
The job of intercepting Pacific Intelsat
communications that cannot be intercepted at
Yakima went to New Zealand and Australia.
Their South Pacific location helps to ensure
global interception. New Zealand provides the
station at Waihopai and Australia supplies the
Geraldton station in West Australia (which
targets both Pacific and Indian Ocean
Intelsats). *2
Each of the five stations' Dictionary
computers has a codename to distinguish it
from others in the network. The Yakima
station, for instance, located in desert
country between the Saddle Mountains and
Rattlesnake Hills, has the COWBOY Dictionary,
while the Waihopai station has the FLINTLOCK
Dictionary. These codenames are recorded at
the beginning of every intercepted message,
before it is transmitted around the ECHELON
network, allowing analysts to recognize at
which station the interception occurred.
New Zealand intelligence staff has been
closely involved with the NSA's Yakima station
since 1981, when NSA pushed the GCSB to
contribute to a project targeting Japanese
embassy communications. Since then, all five
UKUSA agencies have been responsible for
monitoring diplomatic cables from all Japanese
posts within the same segments of the globe
they are assigned for general UKUSA
monitoring.3 Until New Zealand's integration
into ECHELON with the opening of the Waihopai
station in 1989, its share of the Japanese
communications was intercepted at Yakima and
sent unprocessed to the GCSB headquarters in
Wellington for decryption, translation, and
writing into UKUSA-format intelligence reports
(the NSA provides the codebreaking programs).
"COMMUNICATION" THROUGH SATELLITES
The next component of the ECHELON system
intercepts a range of satellite communications
not carried by Intelsat.In addition to the
UKUSA stations targeting Intelsat satellites,
there are another five or more stations homing
in on Russian and other regional
communications satellites. These stations are
Menwith Hill in northern England; Shoal Bay,
outside Darwin in northern Australia (which
targets Indonesian satellites); Leitrim, just
south of Ottawa in Canada (which appears to
intercept Latin American satellites); Bad
Aibling in Germany; and Misawa in northern
A group of  facilities that tap directly into
land-based telecommunications systems is the
final element of the ECHELON system. Besides
satellite and radio, the other main method of
transmitting large quantities of public,
business, and government communications is a
combination of water cables under the oceans
and microwave networks over land. Heavy
cables, laid across seabeds between countries,
account for much of the world's international
communications. After they come out of the
water and join land-based microwave networks
they are very vulnerable to interception. The
microwave networks are made up of chains of
microwave towers relaying messages from
hilltop to hilltop (always in line of sight)
across the countryside. These networks shunt
large quantities of communications across a
country. Interception of them gives access to
international undersea communications (once
they surface) and to international
communication trunk lines across continents.
They are also an obvious target for
large-scale interception of domestic
Because the facilities required to intercept
radio and satellite communications use large
aerials and dishes that are difficult to hide
for too long, that network is reasonably well
documented. But all that is required to
intercept land-based communication networks is
a building situated along the microwave route
or a hidden cable running underground from the
legitimate network into some anonymous
building, possibly far removed. Although it
sounds technically very difficult, microwave
interception from space by United States spy
satellites also occurs.4 The worldwide network
of facilities to intercept these
communications is largely undocumented, and
because New Zealand's GCSB does not
participate in this type of interception, my
inside sources could not help either.
NO ONE IS SAFE FROM A MICROWAVE
A 1994 expos of the Canadian UKUSA agency,
Spyworld, co-authored by one of its former
staff, Mike Frost, gave the first insights
into how a lot of foreign microwave
interception is done (see p. 18). It described
UKUSA "embassy collection" operations, where
sophisticated receivers and processors are
secretly transported to their countries'
overseas embassies in diplomatic bags and used
to monitor various communications in foreign
capitals. *5
Since most countries' microwave networks
converge on the capital city, embassy
buildings can be an ideal site. Protected by
diplomatic privilege, they allow interception
in the heart of the target country. *6 The
Canadian embassy collection was requested by
the NSA to fill gaps in the American and
British embassy collection operations, which
were still occurring in many capitals around
the world when Frost left the CSE in 1990.
Separate sources in Australia have revealed
that the DSD also engages in embassy
collection. *7 On the territory of UKUSA
nations, the interception of land-based
telecommunications appears to be done at
special secret intelligence facilities. The
US, UK, and Canada are geographically well
placed to intercept the large amounts of the
world's communications that cross their
The only public reference to the Dictionary
system anywhere in the world was in relation
to one of these facilities, run by the GCHQ in
central London. In 1991, a former British GCHQ
official spoke anonymously to Granada
Television's World in Action about the
agency's abuses of power. He told the program
about an anonymous red brick building at 8
Palmer Street where GCHQ secretly intercepts
every telex which passes into, out of, or
through London, feeding them into powerful
computers with a program known as
"Dictionary." The operation, he explained, is
staffed by carefully vetted British Telecom
people: "It's nothing to do with national
security. It's because it's not legal to take
every single telex. And they take everything:
the embassies, all the business deals, even
the birthday greetings, they take everything.
They feed it into the Dictionary." *8 What the
documentary did not reveal is that Dictionary
is not just a British system; it is
Similarly, British researcher Duncan Campbell
has described how the US Menwith Hill station
in Britain taps directly into the British
Telecom microwave network, which has actually
been designed with several major microwave
links converging on an isolated tower
connected underground into the station.9
The NSA Menwith Hill station, with 22
satellite terminals and more than 4.9 acres of
buildings, is undoubtedly the largest and most
powerful in the UKUSA network. Located in
northern England, several thousand kilometers
from the Persian Gulf, it was awarded the
NSA's "Station of the Year" prize for 1991
after its role in the Gulf War. Menwith Hill
assists in the interception of microwave
communications in another way as well, by
serving as a ground station for US electronic
spy satellites. These intercept microwave
trunk lines and short range communications
such as military radios and walkie talkies.
Other ground stations where the satellites'
information is fed into the global network are
Pine Gap, run by the CIA near Alice Springs in
central Australia and the Bad Aibling station
in Germany. *10 Among them, the various
stations and operations making up the ECHELON
network tap into all the main components of
the world's telecommunications networks. All
of them, including a separate network of
stations that intercepts long distance radio
communications, have their own Dictionary
computers connected into ECHELON.
In the early 1990s, opponents of the Menwith
Hill station obtained large quantities of
internal documents from the facility. Among
the papers was a reference to an NSA computer
system called Platform. The integration of all
the UKUSA station computers into ECHELON
probably occurred with the introduction of
this system in the early 1980s. James Bamford
wrote at that time about a new worldwide NSA
computer network codenamed Platform "which
will tie together 52 separate computer systems
used throughout the world. Focal point, or
`host environment,' for the massive network
will be the NSA headquarters at Fort Meade.
Among those included in Platform will be the
British SIGINT organization, GCHQ." *11
LOOKING IN THE DICTIONARY
The Dictionary computers are connected via
highly encrypted UKUSA communications that
link back to computer data bases in the five
agency headquarters. This is where all the
intercepted messages selected by the
Dictionaries end up. Each morning the
specially "indoctrinated" signals intelligence
analysts in Washington, Ottawa,Cheltenham,
Canberra, and Wellington log on at their
computer terminals and enter the Dictionary
system. After keying in their security
passwords, they reach a directory that lists
the different categories of intercept
available in the data bases, each with a
four-digit code. For instance, 1911 might be
Japanese diplomatic cables from Latin America
(handled by the Canadian CSE), 3848 might be
political communications from and about
Nigeria, and 8182 might be any messages about
distribution of encryption technology.
They select their subject category, get a
"search result" showing how many messages have
been caught in the ECHELON net on that
subject, and then the day's work begins.
Analysts scroll through screen after screen of
intercepted faxes, e-mail messages, etc. and,
whenever a message appears worth reporting on,
they select it from the rest to work on. If it
is not in English, it is translated and then
written into the standard format of
intelligence reports produced anywhere within
the UKUSA network   either in entirety as a
"report," or as a summary or "gist."
INFORMATION CONTROL
A highly organized system has been developed
to control what is being searched for by each
station and who can have access to it. This is
at the heart of ECHELON operations and works
as follows.
The individual station's Dictionary computers
do not simply have a long list of keywords to
search for. And they do not send all the
information into some huge database that
participating agencies can dip into as they
wish. It is much more controlled.
The search lists are organized into the same
categories, referred to by the four digit
numbers. Each agency decides its own
categories according to its responsibilities
for producing intelligence for the network.
For GCSB, this means South Pacific
governments, Japanese diplomatic, Russian
Antarctic activities, and so on.
The agency then works out about 10 to 50
keywords for selection in each category. The
keywords include such things as names of
people, ships, organizations, country names,
and subject names. They also include the known
telex and fax numbers and Internet addresses
of any individuals, businesses, organizations,
and government offices that are targets. These
are generally written as part of the message
text and so are easily recognized by the
Dictionary computers.
The agencies also specify combinations of
keywords to help sift out communications of
interest. For example, they might search for
diplomatic cables containing both the words
"Santiago" and "aid," or cables containing the
word "Santiago" but not "consul" (to avoid the
masses of routine consular communications). It
is these sets of words and numbers (and
combinations), under a particular category,
that get placed in the Dictionary computers.
(Staff in the five agencies called Dictionary
Managers enter and update the keyword search
lists for each agency.)
The whole system, devised by the NSA, has been
adopted completely by the other agencies. The
Dictionary computers search through all the
incoming messages and, whenever they encounter
one with any of the agencies' keywords, they
select it. At the same time, the computer
automatically notes technical details such as
the time and place of interception on the
piece of intercept so that analysts reading
it, in whichever agency it is going to, know
where it came from, and what it is. Finally,
the computer writes the four-digit code (for
the category with the keywords in that
message) at the bottom of the message's text.
This is important. It means that when all the
intercepted messages end up together in the
database at one of the agency headquarters,
the messages on a particular subject can be
located again. Later, when the analyst using
the Dictionary system selects the four- digit
code for the category he or she wants, the
computer simply searches through all the
messages in the database for the ones which
have been tagged with that number.
This system is very effective for controlling
which agencies can get what from the global
network because each agency only gets the
intelligence out of the ECHELON system from
its own numbers. It does not have any access
to the raw intelligence coming out of the
system to the other agencies. For example,
although most of the GCSB's intelligence
production is primarily to serve the UKUSA
alliance, New Zealand does not have access to
the whole ECHELON network. The access it does
have is strictly controlled. A New Zealand
intelligence officer explained: "The agencies
can all apply for numbers on each other's
Dictionaries. The hardest to deal with are the
Americans. ... [There are] more hoops to jump
through, unless it is in their interest, in
which case they'll do it for you."
There is only one agency which, by virtue of
its size and role within the alliance, will
have access to the full potential of the
ECHELON system   the agency that set it up.
What is the system used for? Anyone listening
to official "discussion" of intelligence could
be forgiven for thinking that, since the end
of the Cold War, the key targets of the
massive UKUSA intelligence machine are
terrorism, weapons proliferation, and economic
intelligence. The idea that economic
intelligence has become very important, in
particular, has been carefully cultivated by
intelligence agencies intent on preserving
their post-Cold War budgets. It has become an
article of faith in much discussion of
intelligence. However, I have found no
evidence that these are now the primary
concerns of organizations such as NSA.
QUICKER INTELLIGENCE,SAME MISSION
A different story emerges after examining very
detailed information I have been given about
the intelligence New Zealand collects for the
UKUSA allies and detailed descriptions of what
is in the yards-deep intelligence reports New
Zealand receives from its four allies each
week. There is quite a lot of intelligence
collected about potential terrorists, and
there is quite a lot of economic intelligence,
notably intensive monitoring of all the
countries participating in GATT negotiations.
But by far, the main priorities of the
intelligence alliance continue to be political
and military intelligence to assist the larger
allies to pursue their interests around the
world. Anyone and anything the particular
governments are concerned about can become a
With capabilities so secret and so powerful,
almost anything goes. For example, in June
1992, a group of current "highly placed
intelligence operatives" from the British GCHQ
spoke to the London Observer: "We feel we can
no longer remain silent regarding that which
we regard to be gross malpractice and
negligence within the establishment in which
we operate." They gave as examples GCHQ
interception of three charitable
organizations, including Amnesty International
and Christian Aid. As the Observer reported:
"At any time GCHQ is able to home in on their
communications for a routine target request,"
the GCHQ source said. In the case of phone
taps the procedure is known as Mantis. With
telexes it is called Mayfly. By keying in a
code relating to Third World aid, the source
was able to demonstrate telex "fixes" on the
three organizations. "It is then possible to
key in a trigger word which enables us to home
in on the telex communications whenever that
word appears," he said. "And we can read a
pre-determined number of characters either
side of the keyword."12 Without actually
naming it, this was a fairly precise
description of how the ECHELON Dictionary
system works. Again, what was not revealed in
the publicity was that this is a UKUSA-wide
system. The design of ECHELON means that the
interception of these organizations could have
occurred anywhere in the network, at any
station where the GCHQ had requested that the
four-digit code covering Third World aid be
Note that these GCHQ officers mentioned that
the system was being used for telephone calls.
In New Zealand, ECHELON is used only to
intercept written communications: fax, e-mail,
and telex. The reason, according to
intelligence staff, is that the agency does
not have the staff to analyze large quantities
of telephone conversations.
Mike Frost's expos of Canadian "embassy
collection" operations described the NSA
computers they used, called Oratory, that can
"listen" to telephone calls and recognize when
keywords are spoken. Just as we can recognize
words spoken in all the different tones and
accents we encounter, so too, according to
Frost, can these computers. Telephone calls
containing keywords are automatically
extracted from the masses of other calls and
recorded digitally on magnetic tapes for
analysts back at agency headquarters. However,
high volume voice recognition computers will
be technically difficult to perfect, and my
New Zealand-based sources could not confirm
that this capability exists. But, if or when
it is perfected, the implications would be
immense. It would mean that the UKUSA agencies
could use machines to search through all the
international telephone calls in the world, in
the same way that they do written messages. If
this equipment exists for use in embassy
collection, it will presumably be used in all
the stations throughout the ECHELON network.
It is yet to be confirmed how extensively
telephone communications are being targeted by
the ECHELON stations for the other agencies.
The easiest pickings for the ECHELON system
are the individuals, organizations,and
governments that do not use encryption. In New
Zealand's area, for example, it has proved
especially useful against already vulnerable
South Pacific nations which do not use any
coding, even for government communications
(all these communications of New Zealand's
neighbors are supplied, unscreened, to its
UKUSA allies). As a result of the revelations
in my book, there is currently a project under
way in the Pacific to promote and supply
publicly available encryption software to
vulnerable organizations such as democracy
movements in countries with repressive
governments. This is one practical way of
curbing illegitimate uses of the ECHELON
One final comment. All the newspapers,
commentators, and "well placed sources" told
the public that New Zealand was cut off from
US intelligence in the mid-1980s. That was
entirely untrue. The intelligence supply to
New Zealand did not stop, and instead, the
decade since has been a period of increased
integration of New Zealand into the US system.
Virtually everything   the equipment, manuals,
ways of operating, jargon, codes, and so on,
used in the GCSB   continues to be imported
entirely from the larger allies (in practice,
usually the NSA). As with the Australian and
Canadian agencies, most of the priorities
continue to come from the US, too.
The main thing that protects these agencies
from change is their secrecy. On the day my
book arrived in the book shops, without prior
publicity, there was an all-day meeting of the
intelligence bureaucrats in the prime
minister's department trying to decide if they
could prevent it from being distributed. They
eventually concluded, sensibly, that the
political costs were too high. It is
understandable that they were so agitated.
Throughout my research, I have faced official
denials or governments refusing to comment on
publicity about intelligence activities. Given
the pervasive atmosphere of secrecy and
stonewalling, it is always hard for the public
to judge what is fact, what is speculation,
and what is paranoia. Thus, in uncovering New
Zealand's role in the NSA-led alliance, my aim
was to provide so much detail about the
operations   the technical systems, the daily
work of individual staff members, and even the
rooms in which they work inside intelligence
facilities   that readers could feel confident
that they were getting close to the truth. I
hope the information leaked by intelligence
staff in New Zealand about UKUSA and its
systems such as ECHELON  will help lead to
change. n
CAQ SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION
CAQ (CovertAction Quarterly) has won numerous
awards for investigative journalism. In 1996, it won 4
of "Project Censored" top 25 awards for investigative
reporting. CAQ is read around the world by
investigative reporters, activists, scholars,
intelligence buffs, news junkies,
and anyone who wants to know the news and
analysis behind the soundbites and headlines.
Recommended by Noam Chomsky;
targeted by the CIA.
Each article in the 64-page magazine, which is in its
19th year of publication, is extensively footnoted and
accompanied by photographs and graphics.
For a single issue, send $6.
 A one year subscription:
 US $22;
 Canada/Mexico $27;
 Latin America/Europe $33;
 Other areas $35.
A two year US subscription is $38
 Please send check or money order in $US to:
 CAQ
 1500 Massachusetts Ave.  Washington, DC 20005, USA
Mail, phone or fax Mastercard or Visa with
address info and expiration date
Phone: 202-331-9763
Fax: 202-331-9751
E-mail: caq
CHECK OUT OUR WEB SITES:
** End of text from cdp:covertaction **
This material came from PeaceNet, a non-profit progressive networking
service.  For more information, send a message to peacenet-info

@_date: 1996-12-18 17:53:21
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutional 
December 18, 1996
                                Electronic Frontier Foundation Contacts:
                                     Shari Steele, Staff Attorney
                                      301/375-8856, ssteele
                                     John Gilmore, Founding Board Member
                                      415/221-6524, gnu
                                     Cindy Cohn, McGlashan & Sarrail
                                      415/341-2585, cindy
San Francisco - On Monday, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel struck down Cold War
export restrictions on the privacy technology called cryptography.  Her
decision knocks out a major part of the Clinton Administration's
effort to force companies to build "wiretap-ready" computers,
set-top boxes, telephones, and consumer electronics.
The decision is a victory for free speech, academic freedom, and the
prevention of crime.  American scientists and engineers will now be
free to collaborate with their peers in the United States and in other
countries.  This will enable them to build a new generation of tools
for protecting the privacy and security of communications.
The Clinton Administration has been using the export restrictions to goad
companies into building wiretap-ready "key recovery" technology.  In a
November Executive Order, President Clinton offered limited
administrative exemptions from these restrictions to companies which
agree to undermine the privacy of their customers.  Federal District
Judge Patel's ruling knocks both the carrot and the stick out of
Clinton's hand, because the restrictions were unconstitutional in the
first place.
The Cold War law and regulations at issue in the case prevented
American researchers and companies from exporting cryptographic
software and hardware.  Export is normally thought of as the physical
carrying of an object across a national border.  However, the
regulations define "export" to include simple publication in the U.S.,
as well as discussions with foreigners inside the U.S.  They also define
"software" to include printed English-language descriptions and
diagrams, as well as the traditional machine-readable object code and
human-readable source code.
The secretive National Security Agency has built up an arcane web of
complex and confusing laws, regulations, standards, and secret
interpretations for years.  These are used to force, persuade, or
confuse individuals, companies, and government departments into making
it easy for NSA to wiretap and decode all kinds of communications.
Their tendrils reach deep into the White House, into numerous Federal
agencies, and into the Congressional Intelligence Committees.  In
recent years this web is unraveling in the face of increasing
visibility, vocal public disagreement with the spy agency's goals,
commercial and political pressure, and judicial scrutiny.
Civil libertarians have long argued that encryption should be widely
deployed on the Internet and throughout society to protect privacy,
prove the authenticity of transactions, and improve computer security.
Industry has argued that the restrictions hobble them in building
secure products, both for U.S. and worldwide use, risking America's
current dominant position in computer technology.  Government
officials in the FBI and NSA argue that the technology is too
dangerous to permit citizens to use it, because it provides privacy to
criminals as well as ordinary citizens.
"We're pleased that Judge Patel understands that our national security
requires protecting our basic rights of free speech and privacy," said
John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which
backed the suit.  "There's no sense in `burning the Constitution in
order to save it'.  The secretive bureaucrats who have restricted these
rights for decades in the name of national security must come to a
larger understanding of how to support and preserve our democracy."
"This is a positive sign in the crypto wars -- the first rational
statement concerning crypto policy to come out of any part of the
government," said Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security, one of
the companies most affected by crypto policy.
"It's nice to see that the executive branch does not get to decide
whether we have the right of free speech," said Philip Zimmermann,
Chairman of PGP, Inc.  "It shows that my own common sense
interpretation of the constitution was correct five years ago when I
thought it was safe to publish my own software, PGP.  If only US
Customs had seen it that way."  Mr. Zimmermann is a civil libertarian
who was investigated by the government under these laws when he wrote
and gave away a program for protecting the privacy of e-mail.  His
"Pretty Good Privacy" program is used by human rights activists
worldwide to protect their workers and informants from torture and
murder by their own countries' secret police.
"Judge Patel's decision furthers our efforts to enable secure electronic
commerce," said Asim Abdullah, executive director of CommerceNet.
Jerry Berman, Executive Director of the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a Washington-based Internet advocacy group, hailed the
victory.  "The Bernstein ruling illustrates that the Administration
continues to embrace an encryption policy that is not only unwise, but
also unconstitutional.  We congratulate Dan Bernstein, the Electronic
Frontier Foundation, and all of the supporters who made this victory
for free speech and privacy on the Internet possible."
"The ability to publish is required in any vibrant academic discipline,"
This ruling re-affirming our obvious academic right will help American
researchers publish without worrying," said Bruce Schneier, author of
the popular textbook _Applied Cryptography_, and a director of the
International Association for Cryptologic Research, a professional
organization of cryptographers.
Kevin McCurley, President of the International Association for
Cryptologic Research, said, "Basic research to further the
understanding of fundamental notions in information should be welcomed
by our society.  The expression of such work is closely related to one
of the fundamental values of our society, namely freedom of speech."
Judge Patel's decision today only legally applies to Prof. Bernstein.
Other people and companies are still technically required to follow
the export restrictions when speaking or publishing about
cryptography, or when speaking or publishing cryptographic source
code.  However, the decision sends a strong signal that if the
government tried to enforce these rules against other people, the
courts are likely to strike them down again.
Judge Patel has specifically not decided whether the export controls
on object code (the executable form of computer programs which source
code is automatically translated into) are constitutional.  Existing
export controls will continue to apply to runnable software products,
such as Netscape's broswer, until another court case challenges that
part of the restrictions.
The plaintiff in the case, Daniel J. Bernstein, Research Assistant
Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, developed an
"encryption algorithm" (a recipe or set of instructions) that he
wanted to publish in printed journals as well as on the Internet.
Bernstein sued the government, claiming that the government's
requirements that he register as an arms dealer and seek government
permission before publication was a violation of his First Amendment
right of free speech.  This is required by the Arms Export Control Act
and its implementing regulations, the International Traffic in Arms
In the first phase of this litigation, the government argued that
since Bernstein's ideas were expressed, in part, in computer language
(source code), they were not protected by the First Amendment.  On
April 15, 1996, Judge Patel rejected that argument and held for the
first time that computer source code is protected speech for purposes
of the First Amendment.
Judge Patel ruled that the Arms Export Control Act is an
unconstitutional prior restraint on speech, because it requires
Bernstein to submit his ideas about cryptography to the government for
review, to register as an arms dealer, and to apply for and obtain from
the government a license to publish his ideas.  Using the Pentagon
Papers case as precedent, she ruled that the government's "interest of
national security alone does not justify a prior restraint." Under the
Constitution, he is now free to publish his ideas without asking the
government's permission first.
Judge Patel also held that the government's required licensing
procedure fails to provide adequate procedural safeguards.  When the
Government acts legally to suppress protected speech, it must reduce
the chance of illegal censorship by the bureacrats involved.  Her
decision states, "Because the ITAR licensing scheme fails to provide
for a time limit on the licensing decision, for prompt judicial review
and for a duty on the part of the ODTC to go to court and defend a
denial of a license, the ITAR licensing scheme as applied to Category
XIII(b) acts as an unconstitutional prior restraint in violation of the
First Amendment."
She also ruled that the export controls restrict speech based on the
content of the speech, not for any other reason.  "Category XIII(b) is
directed very specifically at applied scientific research and speech on
the topic of encryption."  The Government had argued that it restricts
the speech because of its function, not its content.
The judge also found that the ITAR is vague, because it does not
adequately define how information that is available to the public
"through fundamental research in science and engineering" is exempt
from the export restrictions.  "This subsection ...  does not give
people ... a reasonable opportunity to know what is prohibited." The
failure to precisely define what objects and actions are being
regulated creates confusion and a chilling effect.  Bernstein has been
unable to publish his encryption algorithm for over three years.  Many
other cryptographers and ordinary programmers have also been restrained
from publishing because of the vagueness of the ITAR.  Brian
Behlendorf, a maintainer of the popular public domain "Apache" web
server program, stated, "No cryptographic source code was ever
distributed by the Apache project.  Despite this, the Apache server
code was deemed by the NSA to violate the ITAR."  Judge Patel also
adopted a narrower definition of the term "defense service" in order to
save it from unconstitutional vagueness.
The immediate effect of this decision is that Bernstein now is free to
teach his January 13th cryptography class in his usual way.  He can
post his class materials on the Internet, and discuss the upcoming
class's materials with other professors, without being held in
violation of the ITAR.  "I'm very pleased," Bernstein said.  "Now I
won't have to tell my students to burn their notebooks."
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional pro bono legal assistance is being provided by Lee Tien of
Berkeley; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel,
Levitt & Weiss; James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First
Amendment Project in Oakland; and Robert Corn-Revere of the
Washington, DC, law firm of Hogan & Hartson.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is a primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF
helped to find Bernstein pro bono counsel, is a member of the
Bernstein legal team, and helped collect members of the academic
community and computer industry to support this case.
Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at
        The full text of Monday's decision will be posted there as soon as
we scan it in.

@_date: 1996-12-18 17:55:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutional 
December 18, 1996
                                Electronic Frontier Foundation Contacts:
                                     Shari Steele, Staff Attorney
                                      301/375-8856, ssteele
                                     John Gilmore, Founding Board Member
                                      415/221-6524, gnu
                                     Cindy Cohn, McGlashan & Sarrail
                                      415/341-2585, cindy
San Francisco - On Monday, Judge Marilyn Hall Patel struck down Cold War
export restrictions on the privacy technology called cryptography.  Her
decision knocks out a major part of the Clinton Administration's
effort to force companies to build "wiretap-ready" computers,
set-top boxes, telephones, and consumer electronics.
The decision is a victory for free speech, academic freedom, and the
prevention of crime.  American scientists and engineers will now be
free to collaborate with their peers in the United States and in other
countries.  This will enable them to build a new generation of tools
for protecting the privacy and security of communications.
The Clinton Administration has been using the export restrictions to goad
companies into building wiretap-ready "key recovery" technology.  In a
November Executive Order, President Clinton offered limited
administrative exemptions from these restrictions to companies which
agree to undermine the privacy of their customers.  Federal District
Judge Patel's ruling knocks both the carrot and the stick out of
Clinton's hand, because the restrictions were unconstitutional in the
first place.
The Cold War law and regulations at issue in the case prevented
American researchers and companies from exporting cryptographic
software and hardware.  Export is normally thought of as the physical
carrying of an object across a national border.  However, the
regulations define "export" to include simple publication in the U.S.,
as well as discussions with foreigners inside the U.S.  They also define
"software" to include printed English-language descriptions and
diagrams, as well as the traditional machine-readable object code and
human-readable source code.
The secretive National Security Agency has built up an arcane web of
complex and confusing laws, regulations, standards, and secret
interpretations for years.  These are used to force, persuade, or
confuse individuals, companies, and government departments into making
it easy for NSA to wiretap and decode all kinds of communications.
Their tendrils reach deep into the White House, into numerous Federal
agencies, and into the Congressional Intelligence Committees.  In
recent years this web is unraveling in the face of increasing
visibility, vocal public disagreement with the spy agency's goals,
commercial and political pressure, and judicial scrutiny.
Civil libertarians have long argued that encryption should be widely
deployed on the Internet and throughout society to protect privacy,
prove the authenticity of transactions, and improve computer security.
Industry has argued that the restrictions hobble them in building
secure products, both for U.S. and worldwide use, risking America's
current dominant position in computer technology.  Government
officials in the FBI and NSA argue that the technology is too
dangerous to permit citizens to use it, because it provides privacy to
criminals as well as ordinary citizens.
"We're pleased that Judge Patel understands that our national security
requires protecting our basic rights of free speech and privacy," said
John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which
backed the suit.  "There's no sense in `burning the Constitution in
order to save it'.  The secretive bureaucrats who have restricted these
rights for decades in the name of national security must come to a
larger understanding of how to support and preserve our democracy."
"This is a positive sign in the crypto wars -- the first rational
statement concerning crypto policy to come out of any part of the
government," said Jim Bidzos, President of RSA Data Security, one of
the companies most affected by crypto policy.
"It's nice to see that the executive branch does not get to decide
whether we have the right of free speech," said Philip Zimmermann,
Chairman of PGP, Inc.  "It shows that my own common sense
interpretation of the constitution was correct five years ago when I
thought it was safe to publish my own software, PGP.  If only US
Customs had seen it that way."  Mr. Zimmermann is a civil libertarian
who was investigated by the government under these laws when he wrote
and gave away a program for protecting the privacy of e-mail.  His
"Pretty Good Privacy" program is used by human rights activists
worldwide to protect their workers and informants from torture and
murder by their own countries' secret police.
"Judge Patel's decision furthers our efforts to enable secure electronic
commerce," said Asim Abdullah, executive director of CommerceNet.
Jerry Berman, Executive Director of the Center for Democracy and
Technology, a Washington-based Internet advocacy group, hailed the
victory.  "The Bernstein ruling illustrates that the Administration
continues to embrace an encryption policy that is not only unwise, but
also unconstitutional.  We congratulate Dan Bernstein, the Electronic
Frontier Foundation, and all of the supporters who made this victory
for free speech and privacy on the Internet possible."
"The ability to publish is required in any vibrant academic discipline,"
This ruling re-affirming our obvious academic right will help American
researchers publish without worrying," said Bruce Schneier, author of
the popular textbook _Applied Cryptography_, and a director of the
International Association for Cryptologic Research, a professional
organization of cryptographers.
Kevin McCurley, President of the International Association for
Cryptologic Research, said, "Basic research to further the
understanding of fundamental notions in information should be welcomed
by our society.  The expression of such work is closely related to one
of the fundamental values of our society, namely freedom of speech."
Judge Patel's decision today only legally applies to Prof. Bernstein.
Other people and companies are still technically required to follow
the export restrictions when speaking or publishing about
cryptography, or when speaking or publishing cryptographic source
code.  However, the decision sends a strong signal that if the
government tried to enforce these rules against other people, the
courts are likely to strike them down again.
Judge Patel has specifically not decided whether the export controls
on object code (the executable form of computer programs which source
code is automatically translated into) are constitutional.  Existing
export controls will continue to apply to runnable software products,
such as Netscape's broswer, until another court case challenges that
part of the restrictions.
The plaintiff in the case, Daniel J. Bernstein, Research Assistant
Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, developed an
"encryption algorithm" (a recipe or set of instructions) that he
wanted to publish in printed journals as well as on the Internet.
Bernstein sued the government, claiming that the government's
requirements that he register as an arms dealer and seek government
permission before publication was a violation of his First Amendment
right of free speech.  This is required by the Arms Export Control Act
and its implementing regulations, the International Traffic in Arms
In the first phase of this litigation, the government argued that
since Bernstein's ideas were expressed, in part, in computer language
(source code), they were not protected by the First Amendment.  On
April 15, 1996, Judge Patel rejected that argument and held for the
first time that computer source code is protected speech for purposes
of the First Amendment.
Judge Patel ruled that the Arms Export Control Act is an
unconstitutional prior restraint on speech, because it requires
Bernstein to submit his ideas about cryptography to the government for
review, to register as an arms dealer, and to apply for and obtain from
the government a license to publish his ideas.  Using the Pentagon
Papers case as precedent, she ruled that the government's "interest of
national security alone does not justify a prior restraint." Under the
Constitution, he is now free to publish his ideas without asking the
government's permission first.
Judge Patel also held that the government's required licensing
procedure fails to provide adequate procedural safeguards.  When the
Government acts legally to suppress protected speech, it must reduce
the chance of illegal censorship by the bureacrats involved.  Her
decision states, "Because the ITAR licensing scheme fails to provide
for a time limit on the licensing decision, for prompt judicial review
and for a duty on the part of the ODTC to go to court and defend a
denial of a license, the ITAR licensing scheme as applied to Category
XIII(b) acts as an unconstitutional prior restraint in violation of the
First Amendment."
She also ruled that the export controls restrict speech based on the
content of the speech, not for any other reason.  "Category XIII(b) is
directed very specifically at applied scientific research and speech on
the topic of encryption."  The Government had argued that it restricts
the speech because of its function, not its content.
The judge also found that the ITAR is vague, because it does not
adequately define how information that is available to the public
"through fundamental research in science and engineering" is exempt
from the export restrictions.  "This subsection ...  does not give
people ... a reasonable opportunity to know what is prohibited." The
failure to precisely define what objects and actions are being
regulated creates confusion and a chilling effect.  Bernstein has been
unable to publish his encryption algorithm for over three years.  Many
other cryptographers and ordinary programmers have also been restrained
from publishing because of the vagueness of the ITAR.  Brian
Behlendorf, a maintainer of the popular public domain "Apache" web
server program, stated, "No cryptographic source code was ever
distributed by the Apache project.  Despite this, the Apache server
code was deemed by the NSA to violate the ITAR."  Judge Patel also
adopted a narrower definition of the term "defense service" in order to
save it from unconstitutional vagueness.
The immediate effect of this decision is that Bernstein now is free to
teach his January 13th cryptography class in his usual way.  He can
post his class materials on the Internet, and discuss the upcoming
class's materials with other professors, without being held in
violation of the ITAR.  "I'm very pleased," Bernstein said.  "Now I
won't have to tell my students to burn their notebooks."
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional pro bono legal assistance is being provided by Lee Tien of
Berkeley; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel,
Levitt & Weiss; James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First
Amendment Project in Oakland; and Robert Corn-Revere of the
Washington, DC, law firm of Hogan & Hartson.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is a primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF
helped to find Bernstein pro bono counsel, is a member of the
Bernstein legal team, and helped collect members of the academic
community and computer industry to support this case.
Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at
        The full text of Monday's decision will be posted there as soon as
we scan it in.

@_date: 1996-12-19 11:57:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein case in the White House press conference 
"What do you mean?  Of course the Emperor is wearing clothes!"
December 19, 1996
PRESS BRIEFING BY MIKE MCCURRY
1:37 P.M. EST
                           THE WHITE HOUSE
                    Office of the Press Secretary
For Immediate Release                      December 19, 1996
                          PRESS BRIEFING BY
                            MIKE MCCURRY
                         The Briefing Room
1:37 P.M. EST
             MR. MCCURRY:  I sit up here with no information to give,
empty.  Throw this thing away, this is useless.  (Laughter.)  I spent
the whole morning running around, just like you guys do, running
around trying to find somebody who knows something.  And I found a
whole lot of people who knew nothing.
...several pages deleted...
             Q    Mike, the Post story on the encryption -- federal
court decision on encryption software -- can you say what that does
to the government's rule-making effort and its plans to --
             MR. MCCURRY:  I am told that folks at Justice are trying
to figure that out.  They're analyzing the opinion now and seeing
what impact it has.  The preliminary read that I've got from them is
that it should not have any impact on it because of the way the case
is structured and the opinion was drawn.  But they're looking at it
more carefully now.
             Q    Mike, any comment on The New York Times report that
the United States is cracking on war criminals in Bosnia?
....a page deleted...
             Q    Thank you.
             MR. MCCURRY:  Thank you, Helen.  See you all tomorrow.
Maybe we'll have some real news tomorrow for a change.  (Laughter.)
             THE PRESS:  Thank you.
             END                          2:05 P.M. EST

@_date: 1996-12-19 13:12:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein (export laws unconstitutional) decision update 
The full text of the decision is available at:
It's still full of scannos, but we wanted to get it out to you-all ASAP.
After further consultations with the attorneys, we are not sure
whether the decision has nationwide impact or whether it is limited
to the Northern District of California (which includes SF and Silicon
Valley).  Your Mileage May Vary -- check with your lawyer.
I hear from reporters that the Administration plans to announce its
reaction to the case this evening.

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:02:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Cypherpunks list spam, down, etc. 
Toad.com filled itself up with email due to the spam attack in the
last few days.  While I was on holiday, Hugh took down the list to
stop the mail loop and restore some sanity.  It worked.  He left it in
a slightly broken state which I'm working to clean up.
If you sent something useful to the list during that time and received
a bounce message, see if your posting comes through by Monday morning.
I'll be excavating and forwarding the posts that I can find.  If I
miss yours, please re-send it (once)!

@_date: 1996-12-31 01:28:28
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Professor Asks for Constitutional Review of New Encryption Regs 
[Thanks to all the local c'punks for your support of this court case!
 If we do end up asking for a temporary restraining order, there'll
 probably be another hearing soon.  I'll give you as much notice as
 I have. --gnu]
December 30, 1996
                                Electronic Frontier Foundation Contacts:
                                     Shari Steele, Staff Attorney
                                      +1 301 375 8856, ssteele
                                     John Gilmore, Founding Board Member
                                      +1 415 221 6524, gnu
                                     Cindy Cohn, McGlashan & Sarrail
                                      +1 415 341 2585, cindy
San Francisco - Laywers for Professor Dan Bernstein today asked the
Government to delay enforcement of new encryption restrictions until
they can be reviewed by a court for Constitutionality.  The new
regulations contain the same features struck down earlier this month
by Judge Marilyn Hall Patel.
"The government apparently decided to ignore Judge Patel's findings.",
said Cindy Cohn, lead attorney in the case.  "Instead of listening
to Judge Patel's analysis and attempting to fix the regulations, they
simply issued new ones with the same problems.  We are giving them a
a chance to fix this before we bring the issue up in court."
President Clinton ordered on November 15 that the regulations be moved
from the State Department to the Commerce Department.  Judge Patel's
decision of December 6 (released December 16th) struck down the State
Department regulations as a "paradigm of standardless discretion" that
required Americans to get licenses from the government to publish
information and software about encryption.  Over Christmas, the
Clinton Administration published its new Commerce Department
regulations, containing all the same problems, and put them into
immediate effect today.
The new regulations once again put Professor Bernstein at risk of
prosecution for teaching a class on encryption and publishing his
class materials on the Internet.  His class begins on January 13 at
the University of Illinois at Chicago.
Professor Bernstein's letter of today proposes that the Government
agree to delay enforcement of the new regulations while Judge Patel
reviews them for Constitutionality.  Failing that, Professor Bernstein
will ask the court for a temporary restraining order to block
their enforcement.
"The government is forcing us to go back to Judge Patel again to have
the new regulations declared facially unconstitutional." said Ms.
Cohn.  "This time we believe that a nationwide injunction against
their enforcement is merited."
"The new encryption rules are a pointless shell game," said John
Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, which
backed the suit.  "Industry and Congress had asked that the draconian
State Department regulations be eliminated in favor of existing,
reasonable, Commerce Department regulations.  Judge Patel invalidated
the State Department regulations because they were draconian.  Rather
than address the concerns of either, President Clinton moved the
draconian regulations into the Commerce Department -- and made them
tougher in the process.  It's his political decision whether to ignore
and anger industry leaders, but he can't ignore a federal district
court judge."
Civil libertarians have long argued that encryption should be widely
deployed on the Internet and throughout society to protect privacy,
prove the authenticity of transactions, and improve computer security.
Industry has argued that the restrictions hobble them in building
secure products, both for U.S. and worldwide use, risking America's
current dominant position in computer and communications technology.
Government officials in the FBI and NSA argue that the technology is
too dangerous to permit citizens to use it, because it provides privacy
to criminals as well as ordinary citizens.
The plaintiff in the case, Daniel J. Bernstein, Research Assistant
Professor at the University of Illinois at Chicago, developed an
"encryption algorithm" (a recipe or set of instructions) that he
wanted to publish in printed journals as well as on the Internet.
Bernstein sued the government, claiming that the government's
requirements that he register as an arms dealer and seek government
permission before publication was a violation of his First Amendment
right of free speech.  This was required by the Arms Export Control
Act and its implementing regulations, the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations.  The new regulations have the same effect, using the
International Emergency Economic Powers Act, the Export Administration
Regulations, and a "state of national emergency" that President
Clinton declared in 1994 and has re-declared annually.
In the first phase of this litigation, the government argued that
since Bernstein's ideas were expressed, in part, in computer language
(source code), they were not protected by the First Amendment.  On
April 15, 1996, Judge Patel rejected that argument and held for the
first time that computer source code is protected speech for purposes
of the First Amendment.
On December 6, Judge Patel ruled that the Arms Export Control Act is a
prior restraint on speech, because it requires Bernstein to apply for
and obtain from the government a license to publish his ideas.  Using
the Pentagon Papers case as precedent, she ruled that the government's
"interest of national security alone does not justify a prior
Judge Patel also held that the government's required licensing
procedure fails to provide adequate procedural safeguards.  When the
Government acts legally to suppress protected speech, it must reduce
the chance of illegal censorship by the bureacrats involved -- in this
case, the State Department's Office of Defense Trade Controls (ODTC).
Her decision states, "Because the ITAR licensing scheme fails to
provide for a time limit on the licensing decision, for prompt
judicial review and for a duty on the part of the ODTC to go to court
and defend a denial of a license, the ITAR licensing scheme as applied
to Category XIII(b) acts as an unconstitutional prior restraint in
violation of the First Amendment."
She also ruled that the export controls restrict speech based on the
content of the speech, not for any other reason.  "Category XIII(b) is
directed very specifically at applied scientific research and speech
on the topic of encryption."  The new regulations continue to insist
that the Government is regulating the speech because of its function,
not its content.
The judge also found that the ITAR is vague, because it does not
adequately define how information that is available to the public
"through fundamental research in science and engineering" is exempt
from the export restrictions.  "This subsection ... does not give
people ... a reasonable opportunity to know what is prohibited."
Judge Patel also adopted a narrower definition of the term "defense
article" in order to save it from unconstitutional vagueness.
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional pro bono legal assistance is being provided by Lee Tien of
Berkeley; M. Edward Ross of the San Francisco law firm of Steefel,
Levitt & Weiss; James Wheaton and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First
Amendment Project in Oakland; and Robert Corn-Revere, Julia Kogan,
and Jeremy Miller of the Washington, DC, law firm of Hogan & Hartson.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is a primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF
helped to find Bernstein pro bono counsel, is a member of the
Bernstein legal team, and helped collect members of the academic
community and computer industry to support this case.
Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at:
        The full text of today's letter from Professor Bernstein to the Government, and proposed stipulation, are at:
                The new Commerce Department Export Administration Regulations are
available at:

@_date: 1997-01-05 11:39:58
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I agree with Sandy Sandfort and many others that things have gotten
way out of hand on the list.  He and I feel that the only proposed
solutions likely to succeed involve inserting human judgement in the
cypherpunks posting process, rather than mere automation.  So I am
supporting this experiment, primarily by setting up a few more mailing
lists on Toad and by automatically moving the current set of
subscribers to the moderated list.  You will be able to move
yourselves back to the unedited list if you don't want to participate
in the experiment, or if, partway through, you decide you don't like
the results.
Sandy will be gone til Tuesday evening, so don't expect further
answers from him (or many from me, I'm swamped with other activities)
until then.  Meanwhile I'm interested in your discussion (on the list)
of the idea.  We'll modify it before starting, with good ideas from you.
                         SANDY SANDFORT
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Like many of you, I have become very disenchanted with the
quality of discourse on this list.  As others have pointed
out, I believe a great deal of the blame can be laid on the
lack of civility between list (and non-list) members.  I
think this, in turn, is the result of the list being open. As such, it has no feedback mechanisms to discourage
gratuitous insults and personal attacks.  The result has
been an escalation of such behavior--something that no
amount of personal mail filtering can rectify.
Recently, I made a couple of rough proposals to John Gilmore
to see if there was some way to reverse this trend.  We have
gone back and forth on several issues, but we finally
reached an agreement whereby I would partially moderate the
Cypherpunk list for a one-month test period.  If the
consensus of list members is that the test is going well, it
can be extended.  If members think it sucks, it can be
dropped or modified.  Even before we start, though, you may
wish to contribute suggestions.
The following is our general plan.  I'm sure there will be
questions that have to be answered as they arise, but the
basis outline is a follows:
1)  The test will run from January 11 through February 12.
2)  I will review all incoming messages for purposes of
preserving decorum and reducing obviously unrelated spam.  Other
then that, I will not overly concern myself with off-topic posts.  I will, however, expurgate all posts containing flames, insults and other irrelevant personal attacks, as well as spams, before
forwarding the remaining posts to the Cypherpunk list.
3)  Cypherpunks who wish to read all posts to the list may do so
by taking advantage of either of two optional lists.  The first
(cypherpunk-flames will consist solely of messages
expurgated from the main Cypherpunks list.  (Those who subscribe
to "flames" will be able to easily monitor my moderating
decisions.)  The second (cypherpunks-unedited will
contain all posts sent to Cypherpunks.  It will be the equivalent
of the current open, unmoderated list.  It will appeal to those
who don't want list moderation.
4)  During the test month, polite discussion of the test will
always be on topic.  In the last few days before the 10th of
February, I will call for opinions as to whether moderation
should be continued, modified or eliminated.  John has agreed to
abide by the consensus of the group with one proviso.  Because of
the large volume of bandwidth eaten by the lists, he does not
want to maintain both the "flame" and "unedited" versions of the
list.  If list members decide to continue to have the list
moderated, one of those lists will probably have to go.
5)  If list members decide on a moderated list, I will be happy
to assist in the ongoing process.  Though I will continue to be
available for duty as moderator from time to time, we will need a
set of rotating volunteers to take turns acting as moderator. Volunteers are always welcome.
6)  Because every message submitted to Cypherpunk will be posted to two of the three sister lists, I don't intend to lose much
sleep over whether or not this or that moderating decision was
perfect.  I will do the best job I can, within the constraints
listed here.  If I err, it isn't fatal.  Everyone who wants one
will have two Cypherpunk venues for their posts.  Sounds fair
enough to me.  What do you think?
 S a n d y
PS:  The new lists aren't set up yet, so there's no point in trying
to subscribe or unsubscribe to them yet.  We'll let you know when they
are working.		-- John

@_date: 1997-01-08 14:56:16
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: URGENT: Fri 10Jan 9:30AM Wash,DC: Karn appeals, come to the hearing! 
[Friends of crypto freedom should definitely attend.  The courtroom
holds approximately 50 people, and we'd like to fill it.  Show Judges
Williams, Ginsburg and Rogers the importance of the case.  This is the
first time that a crypto export case has hit a Court of Appeals, and
your rights are very much at stake here.
If you're in the DC metropolitan area, come on out on Friday morning!
Show Phil Karn you support him as he challenges the export controls.  --John]
  RESEARCHER KARN APPEALS, SEEKING TO OVERTURN IRRATIONAL ENCRYPTION RULES
        "Books are OK to publish, floppies are not" policy
Washington, January 8 - Laywers for researcher Philip R. Karn, Jr.
will argue in court this Friday that Government restrictions on
distribution of encryption software violate the First and Fifth
Amendments of the Constitution, and are "arbitrary, capricious and
invalid" regulations.
This week's hearing, on January 10, 1997 at 9:30AM in the US Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, is open to the public at
333 Constitution Avenue, Washington DC.
The Government will argue that its rules are its own business, which
courts should not oversee, and that it is legitimate to regulate free
speech and publication when the government is uninterested in
suppressing the content thereof.  (The government actually has a
strong interest in suppressing the public's ability to understand and
deploy strong cryptography, but has managed to convince the district
court of the opposite.)
The lawsuit is complicated by the Government's introduction last month
of new encryption regulations.  President Clinton ordered on November
15 that the regulations be moved from the State Department to the
Commerce Department.  Over Christmas, the Clinton Administration
published its new Commerce Department regulations, which are
effectively identical to the State Department regulations, and put
them into immediate effect.  Mr. Karn's case only named the State
Department.  In an unusual switch, the Government is arguing that it
should be able to replace the State Department with the Commerce
Department as a defendant, in the hope of keeping the case alive.
(Most defendants would be happy to have the case disappear.  The State
Department appears to be hoping they will get a better decision in
this case than in related cases.)
The State Department regulations at issue were struck down in December
by Judge Marilyn Hall Patel in a similar case brought by Professor
Daniel Bernstein in San Francisco.  Judge Patel called the regulations
a "paradigm of standardless discretion" which required Americans to
get licenses from the government to publish information and software
about encryption.  No court has yet ruled on the new Commerce
Department regulations, which include the same provisions that were
declared unconstitutional.
"This case clearly raises an issue of fundamental importance to
cryptographers and computer programmers generally," said Kenneth Bass,
lead attorney in the case.  "The fundamental issue is how the courts
will treat computer programs.  Books are entitled to the full
protection of the First Amendment, but the trial judge in this case
decided that source code on a diskette does not enjoy that same
protection.  Programmers immediately recognize the utter irrationality
of this distinction.  We now will see whether the appeals courts will
also see it that way."
"Phil Karn's case illustrates both the irrationality of the encryption
rules and the depths of the bureaucratic mazes which protect them,"
said John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
which backed the suit.  "The idea that the First Amendment protects
the author of a book, but not the author of an identical floppy disk,
is ridiculous.  All books, magazines, and newspapers are written on
computers today before print publication, and many are also published
online.  Yet here we have Government lawyers not only defending their
right to regulate machine-readable publication, but also arguing that
the courts are not permitted to re-examine the issue.  Their argument
amounts to `Trust us with your fundamental liberties'.  Unfortunately,
a decade of NSA actions have amply demonstrated that they are happy to
sacrifice fundamental liberties when it gives them an edge in some
classified spy program.  Unless there's a clear and present danger to
our nation's physical security (which we have seen no evidence of),
our citizens' right to speak and publish freely is much more important
to American national security than any top-secret program."
Civil libertarians have long argued that encryption should be widely
deployed on the Internet and throughout society to protect privacy,
prove the authenticity of transactions, and improve computer security.
Industry has argued that the restrictions hobble them in building
secure products, both for U.S. and worldwide use, risking America's
current dominant position in computer and communications technology.
Government officials in the FBI and NSA argue that the technology is
too dangerous to permit citizens to use it, because it provides privacy
to criminals as well as ordinary citizens.
Mr. Philip Karn is an engineer with a wide and varied background in
radio and wire communications.  He has given many years of volunteer
work in the amateur radio service, amateur satellite service, and in
the Internet community.  He is the author of the freely available
"KA9Q" internet software for DOS machines, which forms the basis of
many amateur radio experiments as well as several successful
commercial products.  He has written and given away various
cryptographic software, including one of the world's fastest versions
of the Data Encryption Standard (DES).  Phil also did the initial
research into encrypting Internet traffic at the packet level.  Mr.
Karn's home page is at  .
In 1994, author Bruce Schneier published _Applied Cryptography_, a
best-selling encryption textbook which included some fifty pages of
encryption source code listings, including very strong algorithms such
as "Triple-DES".  As an civil libertarian, Mr. Karn asked the State
Department whether the book could be exported; they replied that it
was in the public domain and could therefore be exported.  Mr. Karn
then created a floppy disk containing the source code from the book,
and asked if the floppy could be exported.  The State Department
determined in May 1994 that the floppy was a munition.  Mr. Karn
would need to register as an arms dealer to be able to export the
After several administrative appeals, Mr. Karn filed suit in September
1995.  The suit asks a court to declare that the decision was invalid
because the distinction between publication on paper and publication
on floppies has no rational basis, and because the decision violates
Mr. Karn's right to publish the floppy.
Judge Charles R. Richey dismissed the case in a strongly-worded
36-page opinion.  "The plaintiff, in an effort to export a computer
diskette for profit, raises administrative law and meritless
constitutional claims because he and others have not been able to
persuade the Congress and the Executive Branch that the technology at
issue does not endanger the national security. This is a "political
question" for the two elected branches under Articles I and II of the
Constitution."  Mr. Karn, whose effort was motivated by concern for
civil rights rather than profit, appealed.  This week's hearing is the
first public hearing in his appeal case.
The regulations at issue in the case, which prevent American
researchers and companies from exporting cryptographic software and
hardware, are a relic of the Cold War.  The secretive National
Security Agency has built up an arcane web of complex and confusing
laws, regulations, standards, and secret interpretations for years.
These are used to force, persuade, or confuse individuals, companies,
and government departments into making it easy for NSA to wiretap and
decode all kinds of communications.  Their tendrils reach deep into
the White House, into numerous Federal agencies, and into the
Congressional Intelligence Committees.  In recent years this web is
unraveling in the face of increasing visibility, vocal public
disagreement with the spy agency's goals, commercial and political
pressure, and judicial scrutiny.
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case are Kenneth C. Bass III and Thomas J. Cooper
of the Washington law firm of Venable, Baetjer, Howard & Civiletti,
who are offering their services pro bono.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is funding the expenses in Mr. Karn's case.
The full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from Phil Karn's web site at:
        SOURCE: Electronic Frontier Foundation
    CONTACT:  Ken Bass, lead attorney, +1 202 962 4890, kbass
or Shari Steele, EFF Staff Attorney, +1 301 375 8856, ssteele
or John Gilmore, EFF Board Member, +1 415 221 6524, gnu

@_date: 1997-01-08 16:13:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: URGENT: Fri 10Jan 9:30AM Wash,DC: Karn appeals, come to the hearing! 
[Friends of crypto freedom should definitely attend.  The courtroom
holds approximately 50 people, and we'd like to fill it.  Show Judges
Williams, Ginsburg and Rogers the importance of the case.  This is the
first time that a crypto export case has hit a Court of Appeals, and
your rights are very much at stake here.
If you're in the DC metropolitan area, come on out on Friday morning!
Show Phil Karn you support him as he challenges the export controls.  --John]
  RESEARCHER KARN APPEALS, SEEKING TO OVERTURN IRRATIONAL ENCRYPTION RULES
        "Books are OK to publish, floppies are not" policy
Washington, January 8 - Laywers for researcher Philip R. Karn, Jr.
will argue in court this Friday that Government restrictions on
distribution of encryption software violate the First and Fifth
Amendments of the Constitution, and are "arbitrary, capricious and
invalid" regulations.
This week's hearing, on January 10, 1997 at 9:30AM in the US Court of
Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, is open to the public at
333 Constitution Avenue, Washington DC.
The Government will argue that its rules are its own business, which
courts should not oversee, and that it is legitimate to regulate free
speech and publication when the government is uninterested in
suppressing the content thereof.  (The government actually has a
strong interest in suppressing the public's ability to understand and
deploy strong cryptography, but has managed to convince the district
court of the opposite.)
The lawsuit is complicated by the Government's introduction last month
of new encryption regulations.  President Clinton ordered on November
15 that the regulations be moved from the State Department to the
Commerce Department.  Over Christmas, the Clinton Administration
published its new Commerce Department regulations, which are
effectively identical to the State Department regulations, and put
them into immediate effect.  Mr. Karn's case only named the State
Department.  In an unusual switch, the Government is arguing that it
should be able to replace the State Department with the Commerce
Department as a defendant, in the hope of keeping the case alive.
(Most defendants would be happy to have the case disappear.  The State
Department appears to be hoping they will get a better decision in
this case than in related cases.)
The State Department regulations at issue were struck down in December
by Judge Marilyn Hall Patel in a similar case brought by Professor
Daniel Bernstein in San Francisco.  Judge Patel called the regulations
a "paradigm of standardless discretion" which required Americans to
get licenses from the government to publish information and software
about encryption.  No court has yet ruled on the new Commerce
Department regulations, which include the same provisions that were
declared unconstitutional.
"This case clearly raises an issue of fundamental importance to
cryptographers and computer programmers generally," said Kenneth Bass,
lead attorney in the case.  "The fundamental issue is how the courts
will treat computer programs.  Books are entitled to the full
protection of the First Amendment, but the trial judge in this case
decided that source code on a diskette does not enjoy that same
protection.  Programmers immediately recognize the utter irrationality
of this distinction.  We now will see whether the appeals courts will
also see it that way."
"Phil Karn's case illustrates both the irrationality of the encryption
rules and the depths of the bureaucratic mazes which protect them,"
said John Gilmore, co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation,
which backed the suit.  "The idea that the First Amendment protects
the author of a book, but not the author of an identical floppy disk,
is ridiculous.  All books, magazines, and newspapers are written on
computers today before print publication, and many are also published
online.  Yet here we have Government lawyers not only defending their
right to regulate machine-readable publication, but also arguing that
the courts are not permitted to re-examine the issue.  Their argument
amounts to `Trust us with your fundamental liberties'.  Unfortunately,
a decade of NSA actions have amply demonstrated that they are happy to
sacrifice fundamental liberties when it gives them an edge in some
classified spy program.  Unless there's a clear and present danger to
our nation's physical security (which we have seen no evidence of),
our citizens' right to speak and publish freely is much more important
to American national security than any top-secret program."
Civil libertarians have long argued that encryption should be widely
deployed on the Internet and throughout society to protect privacy,
prove the authenticity of transactions, and improve computer security.
Industry has argued that the restrictions hobble them in building
secure products, both for U.S. and worldwide use, risking America's
current dominant position in computer and communications technology.
Government officials in the FBI and NSA argue that the technology is
too dangerous to permit citizens to use it, because it provides privacy
to criminals as well as ordinary citizens.
Mr. Philip Karn is an engineer with a wide and varied background in
radio and wire communications.  He has given many years of volunteer
work in the amateur radio service, amateur satellite service, and in
the Internet community.  He is the author of the freely available
"KA9Q" internet software for DOS machines, which forms the basis of
many amateur radio experiments as well as several successful
commercial products.  He has written and given away various
cryptographic software, including one of the world's fastest versions
of the Data Encryption Standard (DES).  Phil also did the initial
research into encrypting Internet traffic at the packet level.  Mr.
Karn's home page is at  .
In 1994, author Bruce Schneier published _Applied Cryptography_, a
best-selling encryption textbook which included some fifty pages of
encryption source code listings, including very strong algorithms such
as "Triple-DES".  As an civil libertarian, Mr. Karn asked the State
Department whether the book could be exported; they replied that it
was in the public domain and could therefore be exported.  Mr. Karn
then created a floppy disk containing the source code from the book,
and asked if the floppy could be exported.  The State Department
determined in May 1994 that the floppy was a munition.  Mr. Karn
would need to register as an arms dealer to be able to export the
After several administrative appeals, Mr. Karn filed suit in September
1995.  The suit asks a court to declare that the decision was invalid
because the distinction between publication on paper and publication
on floppies has no rational basis, and because the decision violates
Mr. Karn's right to publish the floppy.
Judge Charles R. Richey dismissed the case in a strongly-worded
36-page opinion.  "The plaintiff, in an effort to export a computer
diskette for profit, raises administrative law and meritless
constitutional claims because he and others have not been able to
persuade the Congress and the Executive Branch that the technology at
issue does not endanger the national security. This is a "political
question" for the two elected branches under Articles I and II of the
Constitution."  Mr. Karn, whose effort was motivated by concern for
civil rights rather than profit, appealed.  This week's hearing is the
first public hearing in his appeal case.
The regulations at issue in the case, which prevent American
researchers and companies from exporting cryptographic software and
hardware, are a relic of the Cold War.  The secretive National
Security Agency has built up an arcane web of complex and confusing
laws, regulations, standards, and secret interpretations for years.
These are used to force, persuade, or confuse individuals, companies,
and government departments into making it easy for NSA to wiretap and
decode all kinds of communications.  Their tendrils reach deep into
the White House, into numerous Federal agencies, and into the
Congressional Intelligence Committees.  In recent years this web is
unraveling in the face of increasing visibility, vocal public
disagreement with the spy agency's goals, commercial and political
pressure, and judicial scrutiny.
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case are Kenneth C. Bass III and Thomas J. Cooper
of the Washington law firm of Venable, Baetjer, Howard & Civiletti,
who are offering their services pro bono.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is funding the expenses in Mr. Karn's case.
The full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from Phil Karn's web site at:
        SOURCE: Electronic Frontier Foundation
    CONTACT:  Ken Bass, lead attorney, +1 202 962 4890, kbass
or Shari Steele, EFF Staff Attorney, +1 301 375 8856, ssteele
or John Gilmore, EFF Board Member, +1 415 221 6524, gnu

@_date: 1997-01-13 22:37:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: You can now subscr. to the moderated/unmoderated/flames lists 
It's taking a bit longer than we had hoped, but I'm finally getting
the toad majordomo configuration set up for the moderation experiment.
I have set up majordomo so that you should be able to sub-scribe to the
three new cypherpunks mailing lists:
MODERATION HAS NOT YET BEGUN.  At the moment, a subscription to either
of the first two lists will get you everything, while a subscription
to cypherpunks-flames will get you no postings.
ALL CURRENT SUBSCRIBERS ARE STILL SUBSCRIBED TO THE CYPHERPUNKS LIST,
which will become the moderated list.  I hope most people will stay on
it, so we can get some real results from the experiment of having
a volunteer moderator for a month.
If you want to change your subscription, send mail to
.  You can tell it things like:
subscribe cypherpunks-unedited	(to subscribe to the new unedited list)
unsubscribe cypherpunks		(to get off the cypherpunks list)
which				(if confused about which lists(s) you are on)
help				(if truly confused about majordomo)
The software doesn't care if you subscribe to multiple lists, but you
will probably only want to subscribe to one of them at once.  This
means that to CHANGE your subscription you will need to unsubscribe
from one list and subscribe to another.
I've only briefly looked at the list traffic on the subject of
moderation, but there seems to be a misunderstanding.  I'm planning to
keep the cypherpunks-unedited list around.  This will preserve fast
turnaround (though it frequently takes many hours to send each posting
to each list member -- it isn't *that* fast), and will permit other
people to run their own different brands of moderation if they want to
put in the effortw.  The list I have no use for, and might terminate
after trying things for a month, is the flames list.
Each message will be processed by immediately sending it to
cypherpunks-unedited.  The experimental moderator (Sandy) will be on
the -unedited list, and will therefore receive all the traffic.  He
will forward each posting to either the moderated list, or to the
-flames list.  Note:
PS:  If you're wondering why I said "subscr." and "sub-scribe" it's because
majordomo doesn't like messages containing those words in the subject or
first five lines.  It keeps down the unintended noise from newbies who
send subscription requests to the entire list.

@_date: 1997-01-14 13:08:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Social Security/CommerceNet/PitneyBowes try digital signature W-2's 
This message was addressed to:  members
To CommerceNet Members Who Are Small Employers:
CommerceNet member companies who are small employers (approximately 30
employees) are invited to participate this month with the Social Security
Administration and PitneyBowes, Inc. in an important proof-of-concept
project in
which the Social Security Administration will accept digitally-signed W-2 and
W-3 data via the Internet, with PitneyBowes issuing test software and
public key
certificates to participating employers. (I mentioned this test at the
CommerceNet Members' meeting.)
Participation will require completion of a field test agreement with SSA,
submission of a request for certification by PitneyBowes, and installation of
software on a Windows PC which will enable the generation of a signature key
pair as well as software which will generate, sign and transmit the wage
data to
Social Security.  The software also produces W-2 paper forms for
distribution to
employees.  If a company already uses a software product to create W-2's, the
output file can be used for this test.  (Please note that the test is not
designed to evaluate all aspects of public key cryptography - for example, no
certification practice statement has been developed.)
If you are interested in participating in this important public/private sector
test of digital signature wage reporting, please contact me as soon as
and I'll arrange for Mr. Chuck Liptz, SSA's Project Manager, to contact you
immediately to provide additional details.  (Chuck can also be reached
at (410) 965-7057 or .
John Sabo
Social Security Administration
(410) 965-1550

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:07:17
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: THIS IS THE LAST UNMODERATED MESSAGE TO CYPHERPUNKS 
OK, I think we're finally ready to go live with a moderated cypherpunks
list (modulo glitches).  Operators (well, Sandy) are standing by!

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:21:22
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: THIS IS THE FIRST MESSAGE TO THE MODERATED CYPHERPUNKS LIST 
If you see this, Sandy has approved it and forwarded it to the list.
Of course, this is modulo glitches and bugs.  It may take a few days
to get everything 100% right.  And the messages will undoubtedly arrive
on your site in a different order than the order in which they were sent
(due to queueing at various places, mostly on toad.com).
Welcome to (what I hope is) a more useful and less confrontative
cypherpunks list.  Now, can we get back to talking about cryptography?

@_date: 1997-01-19 19:40:55
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: THIS IS THE FIRST MESSAGE TO THE MODERATED CYPHERPUNKS LIST 
If you see this, Sandy has approved it and forwarded it to the list.
Of course, this is modulo glitches and bugs.  It may take a few days
to get everything 100% right.  And the messages will undoubtedly arrive
on your site in a different order than the order in which they were sent
(due to queueing at various places, mostly on toad.com).
Welcome to (what I hope is) a more useful and less confrontative
cypherpunks list.  Now, can we get back to talking about cryptography?

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:56:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc. * Strong crypto == DES?! 
I'm glad we're talking about some of the real issues here.
Tim May said:
Tim, the Cypherpunks have chosen to follow Sandy's lead for this
month.  I'll admit I made it easy for them, but the results are
conclusive.  There are 1311 addresses in the cypherpunks list today;
42 in the unedited list; and 19 in the flames list.  Forty people
cared enough to read every posting; the other thousand either wanted
to try the experiment -- or didn't care enough to send an email
message.  Which, as we all know, is a very low threshold.
If I was a social scientist I might want to run the experiment both
ways, or six different ways.  Name it this, or name it that.  I'm not;
all I want is something that works.  The cypherpunks list was unusable
for this kind of discussion, only a month ago.  It's usable now.
I'm definitely bugged by the community's attitude toward my
"censorship".  Rather than being glad that someone, anyone, was doing
something about the major problem on the list, 99% of the reaction was
to create even more ill-considered, emotional flamage.  *I* didn't
make the signal/noise get worse at that point -- *you-all* did.
Perhaps at that point I should have shut down the list, as Lucky is
now suggesting.  "Asking the list what to do" was clearly not a useful
option.  Sandy cared enough about the community to make some concrete
suggestions to me about how to get the list back on track.  They
involved a lot more work than the previous setup.  I told him if he
was willing to do the work, we could try it.  As Dale suggests, I
wasn't about to waste my time reading the whole list in real time and
passing judgement on the postings.  Sandy was, for a month.
The element I find most lacking from the whole discussion, until
recently, has been responsibility.  In an anarchy, *everyone* is
responsible; nothing is "somebody else's job".  Sandy felt
responsible, so he proposed something.  I felt responsible, so I
helped.  But a large part of the community sat on the sidelines and
criticized, without making attempts to make things better; indeed the
volume and tone of the criticisms themselves made things worse.
Unpaid labor for a peanut gallery of spoiled children isn't very
gratifying.  You-all remind me of a passage from Booker T.
Washington's book _Up From Slavery_, describing what happened on the
night that news of the Emancipation Proclamation reached the South:
    The wild rejoicing on the part of the emancipated coloured people
    lasted but for a brief period, for I noticed that by the time they
    returned to their cabins there was a change in their feelings.
    The great responsibility of being free, of having charge of
    themselves, of having to think and plan for themselves and their
    children, seemed to take possesion of them.  It was very much like
    suddenly turning a youth of ten or twelve years out into the world
    to provide for himself.  In a few hours the great questions with
    which the Anglo-Saxon race had been grappling for centuries had
    been thrown upon these people to be solved.  These were the
    questions of a home, a living, the rearing of children, education,
    citizenship, and the establishment and support of churches.  Was
    it any wonder that within a few hours the wild rejoicing ceased
    and a feeling of deep gloom seemed to pervade the slave quarters?
    To some it seemed that, now that they were in actual possession of
    it, freedom was a more serious thing than they had expected to
    find it.
Most of the people on the list haven't bothered to face that freedom.
Your de-facto "leaders" have faced it for you.  It is a more serious
thing than than you expect.  All it takes it hard work and judgement.
Be responsible for setting your society's privacy policy -- without
knowing whether you are right.  Face the uncertainty and build anyway.
Shall I post you an Emancipation Proclamation -- as if you needed one?
Start a mailing list on another site!  Move this list to somewhere!
Create and nurture an alt group!  Make an independent moderated list
drawn from the unedited list!  Hold meetings!  Establish for it a
home, a funding, the rearing of newbies, education, citizenship, and
the establishment and support of philosophies.  Dead simple for people
as capable as us.  Just takes work.  Who's volunteering?  Just do it!
The experiment will be over in a few weeks.  Who's going to take over
deciding how to run the list, and running it?
If you want to help organize what I'll call the `progressive crypto
community', for lack of a better term, then please do.  Otherwise, in
the immortal words of Lazarus Long, "PIPE DOWN!".
PS: Can we talk about crypto too?  It's clear from the last few days
of press releases that the pro-GAK forces are again working to confuse
novices into thinking that two very different things are the same
thing.  Last time it was "public key infrastructure" and "key
recovery".  This time it's "strong crypto" and "56-bit DES".  What
should we do about this?  Educate the public?

@_date: 1997-02-06 15:01:41
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: "Why am I being completely censored"? 
I haven't investigated your story because you didn't provide enough
details and because I have been busy with other things.  There is no
infrastructure here for blocking postings from going through
cypherpunks-unedited.  It really is unedited.  Perhaps there is a
mailer problem (at your end or at mine).
If you cc'd yourself on your messages to cypherpunks, please send me a
verbatim copy of such a message that did not appear in
cypherpunks-unedited, including all the header lines.  I can trace
whether it was ever seen on the toad.com end and what happened if it
Hmm.  Your message that I just received, about this problem, was cc'd
to cypherpunks.  It did not make it into the cypherpunks-unedited
list.  In examining the message header itself, there is an "Approved:
yes" line.  My guess is that your attempt to be too tricky has screwed
you.  Majordomo is probably zapping postings that claim to be, but
aren't actually, moderator-approved.  This is just a guess.  Please
try making a posting to cypherpunks without such a line, and see if it
goes through into the unedited list.  Let me know.

@_date: 1997-02-11 05:40:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
Sandy hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr. Nemesis
submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous statements about
Sandy's employer.  He never anticipated that he wouldn't be able to
follow his announced "post it to one list or the other" policy because
to do so would make him legally liable (in his opinion; he's a lawyer,
I'm not).  His gears jammed, and the whole machine came to a halt for
a few days.
Sandy has agreed to continue moderation through the end of the
original 1-month experiment (through Feb 19).  And it's a good thing,
too, because the "cypherpunks community" had better get off its
whining butt in the next ten days, or it will no longer exist.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm not willing to host the
cypherpunks list any more.  It's not the true assholes that brought me
to this decision; it's the reaction from the bulk of people on the
list: suspicion, flamage, and criticism with every attempt to improve
things.  I noticed few people volunteering some of their own time,
money, or machines to help out.  Almost all the suggestions were
advice for *other* people to implement:
                One would have thought that had Sandy and John really
    been interested in hearing the views of list members, this approach would
    have eventually won out.
    a supposedly libertarian and anarchistic group of people has decided
    that censorship is the right solution to their problems.
    for the cypherpunks _name_ not be associated with a moderated/censored
    list. (I mean no insult to either Sandy or John in this, BTW... I
    simply think that they've gone about this the wrong way.
    If one is going to advocate free speech, I strongly suggest one
    learns to deal with one's own greed and one's own need for power
    first.
    For those who want it, let someone moderate the list for as long as
    they care to do it. Approved messages get a "X-sandy-approved"
    header.
    ... the vast majority are still shipped out as 'Sender:
    owner-cypherpunks (and the 'Received' chain as I pointed
    out in my original post). to me that is piss poor list management.
        however you slice it, censorship on a freedom of speech list
    just does not make it and we make fools of ourselves if we think
    otherwise.
Now each of these posters will get their chance to do it "right" --
on their own time and with their own resources.
A large fraction of the list seems to think that "freedom of speech"
means that everyone is required to listen to everyone else at all
times.  That there can't be focused, topical conversations in a
society that has freedom of speech.  I would say the opposite; part of
freedom of speech is the freedom to choose to whom we speak and to
whom we listen.  This is part of what cryptography does: lets us
control who can receive our speech, and lets recievers determine who
the speaker is.
There also seems to be a misunderstanding that freedom of speech
requires that people who want to speak already have a place, set up
and maintained by someone else, for them to speak in.  If someone
who's set up a speech-place decides it isn't being used for its
intended purpose, then they are a censor, stopping all possibility of
conversations.  Did you forget that there are millions of other places
to speak in cyberspace, millions more in realspace, and that you can
personally create more if you don't like any of the ones you know about?
To paraphrase Zappa, you wouldn't know censorship if it bit you on the
ass.  You think you're being censored when you're just being excluded
from a forum because what you're saying isn't interesting to that forum.
So anyway, I'm tired of it all.  I'd much rather focus on getting my
crypto work done than babysitting majordomo, tracking down attempts to
subscribe the entire US Congress to the list, and debating the seventy
or eighty "obvious right ways" to handle the list.
This is a "put up or shut up" to the cypherpunks community.
Either you list denizens will, among yourselves, put in the energy to
build a new home for the list (and run it in whatever way your
volunteers want) by Feb 20, or the list will cease to exist on Feb 20.
The next ten days of moderated discussion, through the end of the
original experiment, will give the community a chance to discuss
whether and where it plans to host the list after the experiment is
over.  My feeling is that the stalkers who have been trying to shut it
down (Dimitri, etc) will be out in full force, trying to disrupt the
process of finding a new home.  It would be very hard to make progress
along that line in an unmoderated list.  Cypherpunks-unedited readers
are welcome to try.
Sandy reports that he's changing his criteria for moderation for the
remainder of the experiment.  It was his idea, and I approve.  The
criteria now are:
Sandy will apply these criteria retroactively to the backlog (of about
140 messages), which means that most recent criticisms of the
moderation (which don't invove someone volunteering to do things for
the list) will go straight to the flames list.  If you don't like it,
I recommend that you start your own list.  Soon.
For me it's a sad thing that the community's willingness to pull
together has degenerated to the point where I feel better off
separating from the list.  I hope that others in the community will
create one or several alternatives that work better.

@_date: 1997-02-14 06:59:47
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
The Netly News Network
A List Goes Down In Flames
by Declan McCullagh (declan
February 12, 1997
       The plan for the cypherpunks mailing list was simple. It was to be
   an online gathering place, an intellectual mosh pit, dedicated to the
   free flow of ideas and personal privacy through encryption.
       Of course it caught on. From its modest beginnings connecting a
   few friends who lived in Northern California, it quickly grew into one
   of the most rowdy, volatile lists on the Net: Cypherpunks typically
   piped more than 100 messages a day into the mailboxes of nearly 2,000
   subscribers. And the list became a kind of crypto-anarchist utopia.
   Populated by pseudonymous posters with names like Black Unicorn, it
   was a corner of cyberspace where PGP signatures and digital cash were
   the norm -- and there were no rules. Then yesterday came the news: The
   list was being evicted and faced imminent shutdown.
       In an e-mail seen 'round the Net, John Gilmore, Electronic
   Frontier Foundation cofounder and list maintainer, announced that he
   was no longer willing to provide a virtual home for the cypherpunks.
   In a post entitled "Put Up or Shut Up," he described how his efforts
   to improve the list through moderation were condemned, how technical
   problems were consuming more of his time, how pranksters had tried to
   subscribe the entire U.S. Congress to the list. How this experiment in
   crypto-anarchy had failed. He gave the cypherpunks 10 days to find new
   lodgings.
       "The last straw for me was seeing the reaction of the list to
   every attempt to improve it. It was to carp, to cut it down, to say
   you're doing everything wrong," Gilmore told me yesterday night. One
   of the first employees of Sun, Gilmore quit after eight years -- a
   millionaire more interested in pursuing ideas than dollars. But his
   experiment with the list has left him weary. "If everything I'm doing
   is wrong, I'm clearly not the right person to host the list," he said.
       "I would like to see some other structure in which the positive
   interactions on the list could continue. I'm not trying to create that
   structure anymore," he added. Instead, he would try the only true
   crypto-anarchist solution: "I'm handing it over to members to do what
   they wish with it."
       The cypherpunks first pierced the public's consciousness when
   Wired magazine splashed them across the cover of the second issue. The
   Whole Earth Review and the Village Voice followed soon after. The name
   "cypherpunk" came to be synonymous with a brash young breed of
   digerati who were intent on derailing the White House's encryption
   policies and conquering cyberspace. This was crypto with an attitude.
       Gilmore was typical of the breed. Monthly Bay Area meetings of the
   'punks were held in the offices of Cygnus, a company he started to
   provide support for the free Unix alternative, GNU.
       But the veteran cypherpunk came under heavy fire in November 1996,
   when a loudmouthed flamer flooded the list with flame bait and ad
   hominem attacks on various members. Finally, Gilmore, ironically, gave
   him the boot -- and incited an all-consuming debate over what the
   concept of censorship means in a forum devoted to opposing it. In a
   society of crypto-anarchists, who should make the rules? The mailing
   list melted down. By last month, it seemed, more messages complained
   about censorship than discussed crypto.
       Indeed, for months Gilmore seemed unable to do anything right. He
   tried moderation, which proved to be even more contentious, raising
   the question of empowering one cypherpunk to decide what was
   appropriate for others to read. One member of the group, in effect,
   would be more equal than the rest. And why would members take the time
   to write elaborate, thoughtful articles on crypto-politics if their
   treatises might not make it past the moderator's keyboard?
       After the expulsion, some of the longtime list denizens left
   angrily, joining the 700 subscribers who had departed since the
   controversy began. One of those was Tim C. May, a crusty former Intel
   engineer who prides himself as the organizer of the first cypherpunk
   meeting in September 1992. In an essay summarizing the reasons for his
 "The proper solution to bad speech is more
   speech, not censorship. Censorship just makes opponents of 'speech
   anarchy' happy -- it affirms their basic belief that censors are
   needed."
       After all, May pointed out, the list ended up on Gilmore's
   toad.com machine only by happenstance -- it almost was housed on a
   workstation at the University of California at Berkeley. Ownership of
   the computer with the database of subscribers did not mean that
   Gilmore owned the cypherpunks. "Whatever our group once was, or still
   is, is not dependent on having a particular mailing list running on
   someone's home machine... and it cannot be claimed that any person
   'owns' the cypherpunks group," May wrote.
       The cypherpunks have responded to Gilmore's eviction notice. List
   participants generally have halted the incessant attacks on Gilmore,
   and now the discussion has turned to how to continue this experiment
   in online anarchy -- while preventing one person from ever again
   having absolute control of the List. Within hours of Gilmore's
   announcement, posters were tossing around ideas of a distributed
   network of mailing lists that would carry the cypherpunk name, and
   other 'punks likely will migrate to the more tightly controlled
   coderpunks and cryptography lists.
       But for the true believers in crypto-anarchy, only one solution is
   adequate: Usenet. "There is no 'nexus' of control, no chokepoint, no
   precedent... for halting distribution of Usenet newsgroups," Tim May
   wrote. That, in the end, is what defines a cypherpunk.

@_date: 1997-02-14 06:57:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Want a job as a Crypto Researcher or Research Scientist? 
I can't vouch for any of it, and I have my doubts about any company
that decides whether you're a "Scientist" based on whether you have a
PhD, but I thought it might put a cypherpunk in a position to do some
I would greatly appreciate your recommendation.  I am trying to fill a
RESEARCHER and a RESEARCH SCIENTIST position for a leading East Coast
developer of encryption technology for the computer industry.
RESEARCHERS will work in conjunction with Research Scientists on
research projects covering all aspects of cryptography--from
algorithms, to protocols, to implementation.  RESEARCHERS also provide
technical support to software developers and to the company customers
through consulting and educational activities.
RESEARCHERS should have at least a B.S. and preferably an M.S. in
computer science, mathematics, or a closely related field. Solid
exposure to cryptography either through practical experience or within
academic pursuits is highly desirable.
RESEARCH SCIENTIST candidates should have a Ph.D. or equivalent
research experience in cryptography.
This company provides a very competitive compensation and benefits
package as well as company paid relocation benefits.
Dan Barrus
Senior Technical Recruiter
Cutting Edge Technologies
Voice:  800-881-7212
Fax:  801-373-3024

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:43:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: this has gone on long enough 
Sean Roach said:
Everybody relax, take a deep breath, and calm down a bit.  Paranoia seems
epidemic on the list these days.
I removed your address from the mailing list because it was producing
a bounce message for every message to cypherpunks.  I regularly remove addresses when this occurs; the alternative is to receive
thousands of bounce messages each day from non-working addresses.
I'll append the set of addresses that I removed on the same day
as you, for your edification.
I'll also enclose one of the bounces.
If you fix your mail so it doesn't bounce, you are welcome to
1997/2/9 - gnu - bounces
snowdog (cp-ann)
se03565 (cp-ann)
drjarmon (cp-ann)
106076.1155 (by request)
roach_s (cp-unedited)
lupus (cp-ann)
otsge_mail (for bounces re mecca_inc
Received: from alph.swosu.edu (alph.swosu.edu [164.58.32.9]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id UAA17045; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 20:03:33 -0800 (PST)
Bad address -- Error -- Message too old:     %MAIL-E-SENDERR, error sending to user ROACH_S
    -MAIL-W-WRITEERR, error writing DKA0:[STDUSERS.ROACH_S]MAIL.MAI
    -RMS-E-EXT, ACP file extend failed
    -SYSTEM-F-EXDISKQUOTA, disk quota exceeded
    -PLI-F-NOMSG, Message number 001EBB8C
Start of returned message
  Received: from toad.com by alph.swosu.edu with SMTP;
            Sun, 9 Feb 1997 18:03:43 -0600 (CST)
  Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id PAA11855; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:29 -0800 (PST)
  Received: from mail.pacifier.com (root [199.2.117.164]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id PAA11850; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:26 -0800 (PST)
  Received: from ip250.van8.pacifier.com (ip250.van8.pacifier.com [206.163.4.250])
            by mail.pacifier.com (8.8.5/8.8.4) with SMTP
  	  id PAA12294 for ; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:23 -0800 (PST)
  Message-Id: <199702092355.PAA12294
  X-Sender: jimbell
  X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 1.5.2
  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
  Date: Sun, 09 Feb 1997 15:53:43 -0800
  To: cypherpunks
  From: jimbell (jim bell)
  Subject: ComLaw> URGENT!!  SET UP IN PROGRESS!! (fwd)
  Sender: owner-cypherpunks
  Precedence: bulk
  I'm forwarding this from the commonlaw list because of the usage of the   name, "cypherpunks."
  ...

@_date: 1997-02-11 05:40:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
Sandy hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr. Nemesis
submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous statements about
Sandy's employer.  He never anticipated that he wouldn't be able to
follow his announced "post it to one list or the other" policy because
to do so would make him legally liable (in his opinion; he's a lawyer,
I'm not).  His gears jammed, and the whole machine came to a halt for
a few days.
Sandy has agreed to continue moderation through the end of the
original 1-month experiment (through Feb 19).  And it's a good thing,
too, because the "cypherpunks community" had better get off its
whining butt in the next ten days, or it will no longer exist.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm not willing to host the
cypherpunks list any more.  It's not the true assholes that brought me
to this decision; it's the reaction from the bulk of people on the
list: suspicion, flamage, and criticism with every attempt to improve
things.  I noticed few people volunteering some of their own time,
money, or machines to help out.  Almost all the suggestions were
advice for *other* people to implement:
                One would have thought that had Sandy and John really
    been interested in hearing the views of list members, this approach would
    have eventually won out.
    a supposedly libertarian and anarchistic group of people has decided
    that censorship is the right solution to their problems.
    for the cypherpunks _name_ not be associated with a moderated/censored
    list. (I mean no insult to either Sandy or John in this, BTW... I
    simply think that they've gone about this the wrong way.
    If one is going to advocate free speech, I strongly suggest one
    learns to deal with one's own greed and one's own need for power
    first.
    For those who want it, let someone moderate the list for as long as
    they care to do it. Approved messages get a "X-sandy-approved"
    header.
    ... the vast majority are still shipped out as 'Sender:
    owner-cypherpunks (and the 'Received' chain as I pointed
    out in my original post). to me that is piss poor list management.
        however you slice it, censorship on a freedom of speech list
    just does not make it and we make fools of ourselves if we think
    otherwise.
Now each of these posters will get their chance to do it "right" --
on their own time and with their own resources.
A large fraction of the list seems to think that "freedom of speech"
means that everyone is required to listen to everyone else at all
times.  That there can't be focused, topical conversations in a
society that has freedom of speech.  I would say the opposite; part of
freedom of speech is the freedom to choose to whom we speak and to
whom we listen.  This is part of what cryptography does: lets us
control who can receive our speech, and lets recievers determine who
the speaker is.
There also seems to be a misunderstanding that freedom of speech
requires that people who want to speak already have a place, set up
and maintained by someone else, for them to speak in.  If someone
who's set up a speech-place decides it isn't being used for its
intended purpose, then they are a censor, stopping all possibility of
conversations.  Did you forget that there are millions of other places
to speak in cyberspace, millions more in realspace, and that you can
personally create more if you don't like any of the ones you know about?
To paraphrase Zappa, you wouldn't know censorship if it bit you on the
ass.  You think you're being censored when you're just being excluded
from a forum because what you're saying isn't interesting to that forum.
So anyway, I'm tired of it all.  I'd much rather focus on getting my
crypto work done than babysitting majordomo, tracking down attempts to
subscribe the entire US Congress to the list, and debating the seventy
or eighty "obvious right ways" to handle the list.
This is a "put up or shut up" to the cypherpunks community.
Either you list denizens will, among yourselves, put in the energy to
build a new home for the list (and run it in whatever way your
volunteers want) by Feb 20, or the list will cease to exist on Feb 20.
The next ten days of moderated discussion, through the end of the
original experiment, will give the community a chance to discuss
whether and where it plans to host the list after the experiment is
over.  My feeling is that the stalkers who have been trying to shut it
down (Dimitri, etc) will be out in full force, trying to disrupt the
process of finding a new home.  It would be very hard to make progress
along that line in an unmoderated list.  Cypherpunks-unedited readers
are welcome to try.
Sandy reports that he's changing his criteria for moderation for the
remainder of the experiment.  It was his idea, and I approve.  The
criteria now are:
Sandy will apply these criteria retroactively to the backlog (of about
140 messages), which means that most recent criticisms of the
moderation (which don't invove someone volunteering to do things for
the list) will go straight to the flames list.  If you don't like it,
I recommend that you start your own list.  Soon.
For me it's a sad thing that the community's willingness to pull
together has degenerated to the point where I feel better off
separating from the list.  I hope that others in the community will
create one or several alternatives that work better.

@_date: 1997-02-04 06:21:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moderation, Tim, Sandy, me, etc.  *  Strong crypto == DES?! 
I'm glad we're talking about some of the real issues here.
Tim May said:
Tim, the Cypherpunks have chosen to follow Sandy's lead for this
month.  I'll admit I made it easy for them, but the results are
conclusive.  There are 1311 addresses in the cypherpunks list today;
42 in the unedited list; and 19 in the flames list.  Forty people
cared enough to read every posting; the other thousand either wanted
to try the experiment -- or didn't care enough to send an email
message.  Which, as we all know, is a very low threshold.
If I was a social scientist I might want to run the experiment both
ways, or six different ways.  Name it this, or name it that.  I'm not;
all I want is something that works.  The cypherpunks list was unusable
for this kind of discussion, only a month ago.  It's usable now.
I'm definitely bugged by the community's attitude toward my
"censorship".  Rather than being glad that someone, anyone, was doing
something about the major problem on the list, 99% of the reaction was
to create even more ill-considered, emotional flamage.  *I* didn't
make the signal/noise get worse at that point -- *you-all* did.
Perhaps at that point I should have shut down the list, as Lucky is
now suggesting.  "Asking the list what to do" was clearly not a useful
option.  Sandy cared enough about the community to make some concrete
suggestions to me about how to get the list back on track.  They
involved a lot more work than the previous setup.  I told him if he
was willing to do the work, we could try it.  As Dale suggests, I
wasn't about to waste my time reading the whole list in real time and
passing judgement on the postings.  Sandy was, for a month.
The element I find most lacking from the whole discussion, until
recently, has been responsibility.  In an anarchy, *everyone* is
responsible; nothing is "somebody else's job".  Sandy felt
responsible, so he proposed something.  I felt responsible, so I
helped.  But a large part of the community sat on the sidelines and
criticized, without making attempts to make things better; indeed the
volume and tone of the criticisms themselves made things worse.
Unpaid labor for a peanut gallery of spoiled children isn't very
gratifying.  You-all remind me of a passage from Booker T.
Washington's book _Up From Slavery_, describing what happened on the
night that news of the Emancipation Proclamation reached the South:
    The wild rejoicing on the part of the emancipated coloured people
    lasted but for a brief period, for I noticed that by the time they
    returned to their cabins there was a change in their feelings.
    The great responsibility of being free, of having charge of
    themselves, of having to think and plan for themselves and their
    children, seemed to take possesion of them.  It was very much like
    suddenly turning a youth of ten or twelve years out into the world
    to provide for himself.  In a few hours the great questions with
    which the Anglo-Saxon race had been grappling for centuries had
    been thrown upon these people to be solved.  These were the
    questions of a home, a living, the rearing of children, education,
    citizenship, and the establishment and support of churches.  Was
    it any wonder that within a few hours the wild rejoicing ceased
    and a feeling of deep gloom seemed to pervade the slave quarters?
    To some it seemed that, now that they were in actual possession of
    it, freedom was a more serious thing than they had expected to
    find it.
Most of the people on the list haven't bothered to face that freedom.
Your de-facto "leaders" have faced it for you.  It is a more serious
thing than than you expect.  All it takes it hard work and judgement.
Be responsible for setting your society's privacy policy -- without
knowing whether you are right.  Face the uncertainty and build anyway.
Shall I post you an Emancipation Proclamation -- as if you needed one?
Start a mailing list on another site!  Move this list to somewhere!
Create and nurture an alt group!  Make an independent moderated list
drawn from the unedited list!  Hold meetings!  Establish for it a
home, a funding, the rearing of newbies, education, citizenship, and
the establishment and support of philosophies.  Dead simple for people
as capable as us.  Just takes work.  Who's volunteering?  Just do it!
The experiment will be over in a few weeks.  Who's going to take over
deciding how to run the list, and running it?
If you want to help organize what I'll call the `progressive crypto
community', for lack of a better term, then please do.  Otherwise, in
the immortal words of Lazarus Long, "PIPE DOWN!".
PS: Can we talk about crypto too?  It's clear from the last few days
of press releases that the pro-GAK forces are again working to confuse
novices into thinking that two very different things are the same
thing.  Last time it was "public key infrastructure" and "key
recovery".  This time it's "strong crypto" and "56-bit DES".  What
should we do about this?  Educate the public?

@_date: 1997-02-06 13:02:18
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: "Why am I being completely censored"? 
I haven't investigated your story because you didn't provide enough
details and because I have been busy with other things.  There is no
infrastructure here for blocking postings from going through
cypherpunks-unedited.  It really is unedited.  Perhaps there is a
mailer problem (at your end or at mine).
If you cc'd yourself on your messages to cypherpunks, please send me a
verbatim copy of such a message that did not appear in
cypherpunks-unedited, including all the header lines.  I can trace
whether it was ever seen on the toad.com end and what happened if it
Hmm.  Your message that I just received, about this problem, was cc'd
to cypherpunks.  It did not make it into the cypherpunks-unedited
list.  In examining the message header itself, there is an "Approved:
yes" line.  My guess is that your attempt to be too tricky has screwed
you.  Majordomo is probably zapping postings that claim to be, but
aren't actually, moderator-approved.  This is just a guess.  Please
try making a posting to cypherpunks without such a line, and see if it
goes through into the unedited list.  Let me know.

@_date: 1997-02-10 16:43:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: this has gone on long enough 
Sean Roach said:
Everybody relax, take a deep breath, and calm down a bit.  Paranoia seems
epidemic on the list these days.
I removed your address from the mailing list because it was producing
a bounce message for every message to cypherpunks.  I regularly remove addresses when this occurs; the alternative is to receive
thousands of bounce messages each day from non-working addresses.
I'll append the set of addresses that I removed on the same day
as you, for your edification.
I'll also enclose one of the bounces.
If you fix your mail so it doesn't bounce, you are welcome to
1997/2/9 - gnu - bounces
snowdog (cp-ann)
se03565 (cp-ann)
drjarmon (cp-ann)
106076.1155 (by request)
roach_s (cp-unedited)
lupus (cp-ann)
otsge_mail (for bounces re mecca_inc
Received: from alph.swosu.edu (alph.swosu.edu [164.58.32.9]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id UAA17045; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 20:03:33 -0800 (PST)
Bad address -- Error -- Message too old:     %MAIL-E-SENDERR, error sending to user ROACH_S
    -MAIL-W-WRITEERR, error writing DKA0:[STDUSERS.ROACH_S]MAIL.MAI
    -RMS-E-EXT, ACP file extend failed
    -SYSTEM-F-EXDISKQUOTA, disk quota exceeded
    -PLI-F-NOMSG, Message number 001EBB8C
Start of returned message
  Received: from toad.com by alph.swosu.edu with SMTP;
            Sun, 9 Feb 1997 18:03:43 -0600 (CST)
  Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id PAA11855; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:29 -0800 (PST)
  Received: from mail.pacifier.com (root [199.2.117.164]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id PAA11850; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:26 -0800 (PST)
  Received: from ip250.van8.pacifier.com (ip250.van8.pacifier.com [206.163.4.250])
            by mail.pacifier.com (8.8.5/8.8.4) with SMTP
  	  id PAA12294 for ; Sun, 9 Feb 1997 15:55:23 -0800 (PST)
  Message-Id: <199702092355.PAA12294
  X-Sender: jimbell
  X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 1.5.2
  Mime-Version: 1.0
  Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
  Date: Sun, 09 Feb 1997 15:53:43 -0800
  To: cypherpunks
  From: jimbell (jim bell)
  Subject: ComLaw> URGENT!!  SET UP IN PROGRESS!! (fwd)
  Sender: owner-cypherpunks
  Precedence: bulk
  I'm forwarding this from the commonlaw list because of the usage of the   name, "cypherpunks."
  ...

@_date: 1997-02-11 03:54:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
Sandy hit a pothole in the moderation experiment when Mr. Nemesis
submitted a posting containing nothing but libelous statements about
Sandy's employer.  He never anticipated that he wouldn't be able to
follow his announced "post it to one list or the other" policy because
to do so would make him legally liable (in his opinion; he's a lawyer,
I'm not).  His gears jammed, and the whole machine came to a halt for
a few days.
Sandy has agreed to continue moderation through the end of the
original 1-month experiment (through Feb 19).  And it's a good thing,
too, because the "cypherpunks community" had better get off its
whining butt in the next ten days, or it will no longer exist.
I've come to the conclusion that I'm not willing to host the
cypherpunks list any more.  It's not the true assholes that brought me
to this decision; it's the reaction from the bulk of people on the
list: suspicion, flamage, and criticism with every attempt to improve
things.  I noticed few people volunteering some of their own time,
money, or machines to help out.  Almost all the suggestions were
advice for *other* people to implement:
                One would have thought that had Sandy and John really
    been interested in hearing the views of list members, this approach would
    have eventually won out.
    a supposedly libertarian and anarchistic group of people has decided
    that censorship is the right solution to their problems.
    for the cypherpunks _name_ not be associated with a moderated/censored
    list. (I mean no insult to either Sandy or John in this, BTW... I
    simply think that they've gone about this the wrong way.
    If one is going to advocate free speech, I strongly suggest one
    learns to deal with one's own greed and one's own need for power
    first.
    For those who want it, let someone moderate the list for as long as
    they care to do it. Approved messages get a "X-sandy-approved"
    header.
    ... the vast majority are still shipped out as 'Sender:
    owner-cypherpunks (and the 'Received' chain as I pointed
    out in my original post). to me that is piss poor list management.
        however you slice it, censorship on a freedom of speech list
    just does not make it and we make fools of ourselves if we think
    otherwise.
Now each of these posters will get their chance to do it "right" --
on their own time and with their own resources.
A large fraction of the list seems to think that "freedom of speech"
means that everyone is required to listen to everyone else at all
times.  That there can't be focused, topical conversations in a
society that has freedom of speech.  I would say the opposite; part of
freedom of speech is the freedom to choose to whom we speak and to
whom we listen.  This is part of what cryptography does: lets us
control who can receive our speech, and lets recievers determine who
the speaker is.
There also seems to be a misunderstanding that freedom of speech
requires that people who want to speak already have a place, set up
and maintained by someone else, for them to speak in.  If someone
who's set up a speech-place decides it isn't being used for its
intended purpose, then they are a censor, stopping all possibility of
conversations.  Did you forget that there are millions of other places
to speak in cyberspace, millions more in realspace, and that you can
personally create more if you don't like any of the ones you know about?
To paraphrase Zappa, you wouldn't know censorship if it bit you on the
ass.  You think you're being censored when you're just being excluded
from a forum because what you're saying isn't interesting to that forum.
So anyway, I'm tired of it all.  I'd much rather focus on getting my
crypto work done than babysitting majordomo, tracking down attempts to
subscribe the entire US Congress to the list, and debating the seventy
or eighty "obvious right ways" to handle the list.
This is a "put up or shut up" to the cypherpunks community.
Either you list denizens will, among yourselves, put in the energy to
build a new home for the list (and run it in whatever way your
volunteers want) by Feb 20, or the list will cease to exist on Feb 20.
The next ten days of moderated discussion, through the end of the
original experiment, will give the community a chance to discuss
whether and where it plans to host the list after the experiment is
over.  My feeling is that the stalkers who have been trying to shut it
down (Dimitri, etc) will be out in full force, trying to disrupt the
process of finding a new home.  It would be very hard to make progress
along that line in an unmoderated list.  Cypherpunks-unedited readers
are welcome to try.
Sandy reports that he's changing his criteria for moderation for the
remainder of the experiment.  It was his idea, and I approve.  The
criteria now are:
Sandy will apply these criteria retroactively to the backlog (of about
140 messages), which means that most recent criticisms of the
moderation (which don't invove someone volunteering to do things for
the list) will go straight to the flames list.  If you don't like it,
I recommend that you start your own list.  Soon.
For me it's a sad thing that the community's willingness to pull
together has degenerated to the point where I feel better off
separating from the list.  I hope that others in the community will
create one or several alternatives that work better.

@_date: 1997-02-11 15:10:22
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
A pentium is definitely up to this task.  I've been running it the
whole time on a slower 40MB SPARCstation-2 (that also runs netnews and
general computing).  Give it a big /var/spool partition (mine is 60MB)
because every message will sit in the queue for days (*somebody* on
the list will have an unreachable name server or MX server until the
msg times out).  Give it lots of RAM and paging space, since each
sendmail process takes about 2MB virtual, 1.4MB physical, and you will
have dozens running at the same time.
The new version of majordomo (that allows confirmation of
subscriptions) will help a lot.  It needs a small patch though, to do
exponential backoff on the lock file, or when you get a flood of
messages, thirty majordomo processes will burn up the whole machine
trying and failing to get the lock file.
You'll need a BIG mailbox for the bounce messages, and someone (or
some unwritten software) to scan it every day or two and delete the
lusers whose mailboxes are full or who dumped their account without
unsubscribing.  The bounce mailbox on toad gets between 1 and 4MB of
email a day; more when the list is under attack.
You'll want to run the latest version of BIND on the machine, too,
since doing DNS name-lookups on a thousand email addresses is expensive.
You want them all in the in-memory cache on the same machine.  The
name daemon burns about 7MB virtual, 5MB real RAM once its cache
gets loaded.
Make sure that every message sent to the list gets into at least
two logfiles -- on separate partitions, in case one fills up.  At
least if you want to have an archive of what's been sent.
Make sure you are getting "transit" service to the Internet, instead
of trying to cheap out with "peering" to a few major networks.
Without transit service ("we'll carry your packets to anywhere even if
the destination is not on our network") you won't be able to route
packets to some places on the net.  This will cause mail to those
subscribers to sit in the queue for days and then bounce.
The real issue is how willing you are to put your own time into
dealing with problems.  Not only do things go wrong by themselves, but
there are malicious assholes in the world who will deliberately make
trouble for you just because they like to.  Spending a day or two
cleaning up the mess is just part of the job.  Check your level of
committment two or three times before taking on the task -- so you
won't end up getting disgusted after a month or two and putting the
list's existence into crisis again.  It's not a "set it up and forget
it" kind of operation.

@_date: 1997-02-13 23:23:55
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
The Netly News Network
A List Goes Down In Flames
by Declan McCullagh (declan
February 12, 1997
       The plan for the cypherpunks mailing list was simple. It was to be
   an online gathering place, an intellectual mosh pit, dedicated to the
   free flow of ideas and personal privacy through encryption.
       Of course it caught on. From its modest beginnings connecting a
   few friends who lived in Northern California, it quickly grew into one
   of the most rowdy, volatile lists on the Net: Cypherpunks typically
   piped more than 100 messages a day into the mailboxes of nearly 2,000
   subscribers. And the list became a kind of crypto-anarchist utopia.
   Populated by pseudonymous posters with names like Black Unicorn, it
   was a corner of cyberspace where PGP signatures and digital cash were
   the norm -- and there were no rules. Then yesterday came the news: The
   list was being evicted and faced imminent shutdown.
       In an e-mail seen 'round the Net, John Gilmore, Electronic
   Frontier Foundation cofounder and list maintainer, announced that he
   was no longer willing to provide a virtual home for the cypherpunks.
   In a post entitled "Put Up or Shut Up," he described how his efforts
   to improve the list through moderation were condemned, how technical
   problems were consuming more of his time, how pranksters had tried to
   subscribe the entire U.S. Congress to the list. How this experiment in
   crypto-anarchy had failed. He gave the cypherpunks 10 days to find new
   lodgings.
       "The last straw for me was seeing the reaction of the list to
   every attempt to improve it. It was to carp, to cut it down, to say
   you're doing everything wrong," Gilmore told me yesterday night. One
   of the first employees of Sun, Gilmore quit after eight years -- a
   millionaire more interested in pursuing ideas than dollars. But his
   experiment with the list has left him weary. "If everything I'm doing
   is wrong, I'm clearly not the right person to host the list," he said.
       "I would like to see some other structure in which the positive
   interactions on the list could continue. I'm not trying to create that
   structure anymore," he added. Instead, he would try the only true
   crypto-anarchist solution: "I'm handing it over to members to do what
   they wish with it."
       The cypherpunks first pierced the public's consciousness when
   Wired magazine splashed them across the cover of the second issue. The
   Whole Earth Review and the Village Voice followed soon after. The name
   "cypherpunk" came to be synonymous with a brash young breed of
   digerati who were intent on derailing the White House's encryption
   policies and conquering cyberspace. This was crypto with an attitude.
       Gilmore was typical of the breed. Monthly Bay Area meetings of the
   'punks were held in the offices of Cygnus, a company he started to
   provide support for the free Unix alternative, GNU.
       But the veteran cypherpunk came under heavy fire in November 1996,
   when a loudmouthed flamer flooded the list with flame bait and ad
   hominem attacks on various members. Finally, Gilmore, ironically, gave
   him the boot -- and incited an all-consuming debate over what the
   concept of censorship means in a forum devoted to opposing it. In a
   society of crypto-anarchists, who should make the rules? The mailing
   list melted down. By last month, it seemed, more messages complained
   about censorship than discussed crypto.
       Indeed, for months Gilmore seemed unable to do anything right. He
   tried moderation, which proved to be even more contentious, raising
   the question of empowering one cypherpunk to decide what was
   appropriate for others to read. One member of the group, in effect,
   would be more equal than the rest. And why would members take the time
   to write elaborate, thoughtful articles on crypto-politics if their
   treatises might not make it past the moderator's keyboard?
       After the expulsion, some of the longtime list denizens left
   angrily, joining the 700 subscribers who had departed since the
   controversy began. One of those was Tim C. May, a crusty former Intel
   engineer who prides himself as the organizer of the first cypherpunk
   meeting in September 1992. In an essay summarizing the reasons for his
 "The proper solution to bad speech is more
   speech, not censorship. Censorship just makes opponents of 'speech
   anarchy' happy -- it affirms their basic belief that censors are
   needed."
       After all, May pointed out, the list ended up on Gilmore's
   toad.com machine only by happenstance -- it almost was housed on a
   workstation at the University of California at Berkeley. Ownership of
   the computer with the database of subscribers did not mean that
   Gilmore owned the cypherpunks. "Whatever our group once was, or still
   is, is not dependent on having a particular mailing list running on
   someone's home machine... and it cannot be claimed that any person
   'owns' the cypherpunks group," May wrote.
       The cypherpunks have responded to Gilmore's eviction notice. List
   participants generally have halted the incessant attacks on Gilmore,
   and now the discussion has turned to how to continue this experiment
   in online anarchy -- while preventing one person from ever again
   having absolute control of the List. Within hours of Gilmore's
   announcement, posters were tossing around ideas of a distributed
   network of mailing lists that would carry the cypherpunk name, and
   other 'punks likely will migrate to the more tightly controlled
   coderpunks and cryptography lists.
       But for the true believers in crypto-anarchy, only one solution is
   adequate: Usenet. "There is no 'nexus' of control, no chokepoint, no
   precedent... for halting distribution of Usenet newsgroups," Tim May
   wrote. That, in the end, is what defines a cypherpunk.

@_date: 1997-02-13 23:45:56
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Want a job as a Crypto Researcher or Research Scientist? 
I can't vouch for any of it, and I have my doubts about any company
that decides whether you're a "Scientist" based on whether you have a
PhD, but I thought it might put a cypherpunk in a position to do some
I would greatly appreciate your recommendation.  I am trying to fill a
RESEARCHER and a RESEARCH SCIENTIST position for a leading East Coast
developer of encryption technology for the computer industry.
RESEARCHERS will work in conjunction with Research Scientists on
research projects covering all aspects of cryptography--from
algorithms, to protocols, to implementation.  RESEARCHERS also provide
technical support to software developers and to the company customers
through consulting and educational activities.
RESEARCHERS should have at least a B.S. and preferably an M.S. in
computer science, mathematics, or a closely related field. Solid
exposure to cryptography either through practical experience or within
academic pursuits is highly desirable.
RESEARCH SCIENTIST candidates should have a Ph.D. or equivalent
research experience in cryptography.
This company provides a very competitive compensation and benefits
package as well as company paid relocation benefits.
Dan Barrus
Senior Technical Recruiter
Cutting Edge Technologies
Voice:  800-881-7212
Fax:  801-373-3024

@_date: 1997-02-11 19:25:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Moderation experiment almost over; "put up or shut up" 
A pentium is definitely up to this task.  I've been running it the
whole time on a slower 40MB SPARCstation-2 (that also runs netnews and
general computing).  Give it a big /var/spool partition (mine is 60MB)
because every message will sit in the queue for days (*somebody* on
the list will have an unreachable name server or MX server until the
msg times out).  Give it lots of RAM and paging space, since each
sendmail process takes about 2MB virtual, 1.4MB physical, and you will
have dozens running at the same time.
The new version of majordomo (that allows confirmation of
subscriptions) will help a lot.  It needs a small patch though, to do
exponential backoff on the lock file, or when you get a flood of
messages, thirty majordomo processes will burn up the whole machine
trying and failing to get the lock file.
You'll need a BIG mailbox for the bounce messages, and someone (or
some unwritten software) to scan it every day or two and delete the
lusers whose mailboxes are full or who dumped their account without
unsubscribing.  The bounce mailbox on toad gets between 1 and 4MB of
email a day; more when the list is under attack.
You'll want to run the latest version of BIND on the machine, too,
since doing DNS name-lookups on a thousand email addresses is expensive.
You want them all in the in-memory cache on the same machine.  The
name daemon burns about 7MB virtual, 5MB real RAM once its cache
gets loaded.
Make sure that every message sent to the list gets into at least
two logfiles -- on separate partitions, in case one fills up.  At
least if you want to have an archive of what's been sent.
Make sure you are getting "transit" service to the Internet, instead
of trying to cheap out with "peering" to a few major networks.
Without transit service ("we'll carry your packets to anywhere even if
the destination is not on our network") you won't be able to route
packets to some places on the net.  This will cause mail to those
subscribers to sit in the queue for days and then bounce.
The real issue is how willing you are to put your own time into
dealing with problems.  Not only do things go wrong by themselves, but
there are malicious assholes in the world who will deliberately make
trouble for you just because they like to.  Spending a day or two
cleaning up the mess is just part of the job.  Check your level of
committment two or three times before taking on the task -- so you
won't end up getting disgusted after a month or two and putting the
list's existence into crisis again.  It's not a "set it up and forget
it" kind of operation.

@_date: 1997-03-26 20:41:26
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: UK domestic crypto regulation proposal *is* Clipper 
I've seen several comments on cypherpunks that misconstrue the UK proposal.
E.g. Phillip Hallam-Baker said:
Unfortunately, I believe he is wrong.  It's worse than Clipper, since
it outlaws the competition.
The proposed legislation would make it illegal to offer the UK public
any service related to key management, including simply signing
peoples' keys, without being licensed by the state.  This licensing
scheme includes a GAK requirement, an interoperability requirement,
and a whole pile of requirements that may need a little translation.
This means that there would only be *one* public-key infrastructure in
the UK (they claim this as a feature for end-users, since it provides
interoperability -- though they apparently haven't picked *whose* PKI
they are going to enshrine as a monopoly).  Unfortunately it would be
completely subverted by the government.  Users would have no choice
about whether to use a different infrastructure, say from another
country, or by setting it up themselves using PGP, Secure DNS, or
whatever.  The "trust" they offer is 100% sham, since you yourself
don't get to pick who you trust.  They do.
"It will be necessary to ensure that TTP security personnel are
competent, suitably qualified, trusted, & have successfully completed
a recognised security vetting procedure."  Translation: "Public key
certification authorities will need a security clearance."
"Checks will need to be undertaken to ensure that the background and
other business interests of [TTP company] directors would not
compromise the trust placed in a TTP."  And later, "Checks will be
made to ensure that those who own, or effectively control, an
organisation, are suitable candidates for ownership of a TTP."
Translation: "We will only license people who we believe will turn
over anyone's key on demand.  If they show any sign that their
customers could actually trust them to keep private keys private,
their license will not be approved."
It explicitly states:
This isn't a requirement on USERS, it's a requirement on OFFERERS.
However, what this means for users is that if you want to use digital
signatures, you have to use a Traitorous Third Party.  It will be
illegal for anyone else to offer you a digital signature service.
Perhaps you could use encryption without using digital signatures, but
you've just lost most of the benefits of public-key cryptography.
I believe the proposal outlaws Secure DNS services.  Merely signing
the keys of sub-domains, for free or for money, would be illegal.  You
will only be able to secure the Internet if you first subvert the
Internet by turning over the keys.
And while the government mentions in several places that it isn't
interested in access to authentication keys, the proposal still
requires that anyone providing authentication services (like signing
keys) be a licensed TTP and subject to GAK.

@_date: 1997-03-31 11:46:40
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Looking for a c'punk volunteer in the East Bay 
John - do Cypherpunks like to play superhero and help people who are being
hacked? A woman called who says someone had rboken into her system
reprogrammed certain controls causing her to be instantly trackable
whenever she logged in, no matter what account she used, no matter
from where, etc.
She says it happens *every* time.
Law enforcement is baffled and has no advice (surprise, surprise).
She said the FBI even recommended she hire a hacker to play along with the
culprit and see if they couldn't catch him that way.
So, if you or anyone you know is interested in a weekend sporting
event, you can reach Debra Wellman at the home of her mother 510 855 9744
I spoke with her on the phone. She is not crazy, just frustrated.
Dennis Derryberry
Executive Administrator
Electronic Frontier Foundation
Web:	
tel:	415 436 9333 x104
fax:	415 436 9993
email:	dennis

@_date: 1997-03-31 16:28:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bank for International Settlement (BIS) report on bitbux 
For those of you interested in security of electronic money, you may
want to browse the Bank on International Settlement (BIS) page and read
a report issued in 1996.  BIS is the organization of G-10 central banks
(e.g., in the US, Federal Reserve Bank Board) who meet to discuss
international payments issues.  The excerpt below is the first paragraph
from  announcing the study of
"security of electronic money," available in pdf format. BIS 1996 annual report ( also
provides detailed information about each country's payment system
(currency in circulation, number of ATMs and financial
institutions/branches, GDP, population - 1990 through 1995) and
concludes with a comparative analysis of those countries (with currency
compared in US dollars).  This is a valuable resource for the student of
European and US payment systems.
 (BIS home page is  )
Best Regards,
Peter Yeatrakas
"Committee on Payment and Settlement Systems SECURITY OF ELECTRONIC MONEY
In November 1995, the central bank Governors of the Group of Ten (G-10)
countries commissioned a series of studies on specific issues related to
electronic money, in view of the potential importance of this new form
of money and its implications for monetary policy, consumer protection
and payment systems. These studies were carried out by the Committee on
Payment and Settlement Systems (CPSS). For the examination of the
security aspects of electronic money schemes the CPSS sought the
assistance of the Group of Computer Experts, which established for
that purpose the Task Force on Security of Electronic Money, chaired by
Mr. Israel Sendrovic from the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. At their
meeting in July 1996 the G-10 Governors discussed the various reports
that had been commissioned and agreed on the publication of the
present report on Security of Electronic Money. The report is not
necessarily intended to represent the official views of the Governors."

@_date: 1997-06-07 11:47:04
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: June 18th SF C'punks meeting: export controls on trial 
We're having yet another "Cypherpunks Dress-Up Day" on Wednesday, June
18th.  Meet at the Federal Building in San Francisco, 450 Golden Gate
Avenue, at 10:15AM, dressin' sharp 'n' actin' cool.  There will also
be a regular 2nd-Saturday c'punks meeting this month (I think it's at
PGP, Inc.)
The Bernstein case is moving toward a close.  Both we and the
government have asked the court to render its final judgement.  We're
asking her to declare both the State Department and Commerce
Department crypto export control schemes unconstitutional, and to
enjoin (order) the government to stop enforcing them.  They're asking
to keep the status quo, and keep full discretion to change it whenever
they want.
The two sides have exchanged their motions, declarations, and
opposition briefs.  The final salvos will occur on the morning of June
18th, as we do "oral argument" in front of Judge Marilyn Hall Patel.
There she'll get to question us before she makes her decision.
In this final round of hearings, we're exploring these issues:
Watch the wheels of justice grind!  Shake hands with the intrepid
lawyers who are working hard to protect our rights!  Banter with NSA
representatives specially flown in for the occasion!  Talk with
journalists who cover crypto!  Be quoted talking about crypto freedom!
Finally meet our reclusive plaintiff, Professor Dan Bernstein!
We will follow the hearing with a nearby press conference, then have
lunch at Max's Opera Plaza, a block away at Van Ness Avenue and Golden
Gate Avenue.  (Alternative lunch ideas are welcome.)
As background, Dan Bernstein, ex-grad-student from UC Berkeley, is
suing the State Department, NSA, Commerce Department, Justice
Department, and other agencies, with help from the EFF.  These
agencies restrained Dan's ability to publish a paper, as well as
source code, for the crypto algorithm that he invented.  We claim that
their procedures, regulations, and laws are not only unconstitutional
as applied to Dan, but in general.  Full background and details on the
case, including all of our legal papers (and many of the government's
as well), are (or will soon be) in the EFF Web archives at:
    Like Phil Karn's and Peter Junger's cases, this lawsuit really has the
potential to outlaw the whole NSA crypto export scam.  We intend to
make your right to publish and export crypto software as well-
protected by the courts as your right to publish and export books.  It
will probably take more years, and an eventual Supreme Court decision,
to make it stick.  At the last hearing, we convinced the judge that
the State Department export control laws really are unconstitutional.
Her order restoring our legal right to publish crypto source code was
a wonderful Christmas present.  The government stopped issuing State
Department licenses, but two weeks later started requiring virtually
identical Commerce Department licenses.  We think Judge Patel will see
through this sham, and we hope she'll explicitly order them to cease.
Please make a positive impression on the judge.  Don those
mothball-scented conservative duds.  Show her -- by showing up -- that
this case matters to more people than just the plaintiff and
defendant.  Demonstrate that her decision will make a difference to
society.  That the public and the press are watching, and really do
care that she handles the issue well.
We'll have to be quiet and orderly while we're in the courthouse.
There will be no questions from the audience (that's us), and no
photography there, but the session will be tape-recorded and
transcribed, and you can take notes if you like.  The lobby guards
will want to hold onto guns, "munitions", and even small pocketknives,
before they'll let you go upstairs to the courtrooms.
It's unlikely that Judge Patel will decide then-and-there.  Instead,
we will get some insights into how she is leaning, based on her
questions and comments.  Her written decision will come out some weeks
or months later.  Even if she decides in our favor and issues an
injunction, this isn't the end of the work.  The Government would
almost certainly attempt to have the injunction stayed (stopped) while
they appeal the case to the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals (also here in
San Francisco).  Then there's the appeal itself, in which we'll
probably spend six months to a year defending Judge Patel's decision
in front of a higher court.  Followed by a potential appeal to the
Supreme Court.
The fat lady won't sing on June 18th, but the orchestra will be in
full swing and she'll be waiting in the wings.  Please join us on the
dance floor, in your best regalia.
PS: If you can't come, you can still contribute.  Come to EFF's
rock-and-roll fund-raiser at the Fillmore the following night,
Thursday, June 19th, 7PM.  $100/person, including a year of EFF
membership.  Current EFF members can buy two tickets at half price.
There you really *will* get to dance!  (If you're a musician, find a
sponsor, and you can play at the Fillmore.)  Reserve tickets at
  See you there!

@_date: 1997-06-21 06:23:10
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Mykotronx builds Fortezza/DES card 
This is great -- they've put TWO insecure crypto algorithms on one
PCMCIA card!  Mykotronx leads the industry, as usual!
     Rainbow subsidiary Mykotronx and Western Datacom announce joint
     development of industry's first dual-mode cryptographic modem -- FORDESZA
     Business Wire - June 17, 1997 09:03
     MYKOTRONX WESTERN-DATACOM RNBO %CALIFORNIA %DISTRICT %OF %COLUMBIA
     %INTERACTIVE %MULTIMEDIA %INTERNET %COMED %COMPUTERS %ELECTRONICS
     %PRODUCT %TRADESHOW V%BW P%BW
     TORRANCE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--June 17, 1997--Mykotronx Inc., a
     subsidiary of Rainbow Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:RNBO), and Western
     Datacom have announced joint development of FORDESZA, a Type II PCMCIA PC
     modem card that provides both DES and FORTEZZA-based encryption and
     decryption in a single unit.
     FORDESZA, the first dual-mode cryptographic device designed for the
     commercial marketplace, integrates a FORTEZZA cryptographic chip
     manufactured by Mykotronx with 56-bit DES encryption.
     ``Mykotronx' collaboration with Western Datacom further demonstrates the
     company's commitment to providing the highest-quality cryptographic
     solutions for secure data communications,'' said John Droge, vice
     president of product development for Mykotronx. ``The first of its kind,
     FORDESZA is a state-of-the-art modem design that delivers both high
     connection speed and quality cryptographic protection.''
     ``Western Datacom is pleased to be working with Mykotronx on the
     development of FORDESZA,'' said Phil Ardire, president of Western
     Datacom. ``Western Datacom and Mykotronx have combined their respective
     expertise to create a breakthrough cryptographic security product to
     support users' need for secure communication.''
     Functioning as a V.34 bis 33,600 bps modem, FORDESZA operates as a
     FORTEZZA Crypto Card, a FORTEZZA encryptor/decryptor with a V.34 bis
     modem and as a DES encryptor/decryptor with a V.34 bis modem.
     FORDESZA will incorporate all security features previously developed for
     FORTEZZA, including personal identification numbers (PINs) for user
     authentication; the digital signature standard (DSS) for originator
     authentication; the key exchange algorithm (KEA) for Diffie-Hellman
     variant public key exchange; FORTEZZA and DES encryption; and the secure
     hash algorithm (SHA) for data integrity.
     FORDESZA accomplishes key management via both a certification authority
     workstation (CAW) and a FIPS 171-compliant software system. The CAW
     operates FORTEZZA card initialization software to program the modem with
     the user's distinguished name (DN) and public key information stored in
     X.509 certificates.
     A distributed database, called the directory system agent (DSA), handles
     the storage and distribution of these keys. For DES key management, the
     FIPS 171 software, which is compatible with existing Western Datacom
     DES-based products, accommodates private key changes and management of
     DES encryptors.
     FORTEZZA encryption has been accepted by the Department of Commerce's key
     recovery program. Encryption keys can now be kept by an approved third
     party, with copies available to law-enforcement agencies only under a
     court order.
     For more information about FORDESZA, contact Mykotronx at 310/533-8100
     (fax 310/533-0527) or Western Datacom at 216/835-1510 (e-mail:
     wdc
     With headquarters in Torrance, Mykotronx is a world leader in providing
     high-grade encryption and decryption equipment essential for use in space
     and other sensitive digital communication environments.
     Founded in 1979, and acquired by Rainbow Technologies in 1995, Mykotronx
     has more National Security Agency approved products than any other
     corporation. Demonstrating the company's commitment to quality, Mykotronx
     designs and manufactures products that meet the requirements of
     MIL-Q-9858 A (``Quality Program Requirements'') and MIL-I-45208
     (``Inspection System Requirements'').
     Rainbow Technologies, with 1996 revenues in excess of $81 million, is a
     leading supplier of software-protection, license-management and
     Internet-security products worldwide. Rainbow has offices in the United
     States, France, Germany, Russia and the United Kingdom, and is ISO-9002
     certified.
        CONTACT:  Rainbow Technologies Inc.
                  Ann Jones, 714/450-7350
                             ajones
                    or
                  Bock Communications Inc.
                  Valerie Christopherson/Brian Bardwell, 714/374-3530
                                              vchristopherson
        REPEATS: New York 212-752-9600 or 800-221-2462; Boston 617-236-4266 or
              800-225-2030; SF 415-986-4422 or 800-227-0845; LA 310-820-9473
        All content is compiled from a variety of sources by News Alert and
                        provided as a service of PC Quote.
      See important copyright information. Refresh your screen often for the
                                latest information.
                              (c) 1997 News Alert Inc.

@_date: 1997-06-30 10:57:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Australian "Walsh" report exposes the hole in key escrow 
This report was finally obtained (after suing the Australian government
under Freedom of Information laws) by Electronic Frontiers Australia.
I haven't seen it yet; this is the first I'd heard that it is released.
The first paragraph does its best to scare people, but the gist is all
correct:  if you escrow authentication keys, digital signatures don't work.
If you don't escrow authentication keys, then key escrow doesn't work.
Forwarded-by: Hal Abelson (I don't know the original source).
     By John Davidson      Governments will be forced to completely undermine the emerging global      electronic commerce system if they want to prevent it being used by      criminals and for tax evasion, one of Australia's leading data      security experts has warned.      Professor William Caelli, head of the school of data communications at      Queensland University of Technology, said yesterday that it was all      but technically impossible to satisfy the competing needs of law      enforcement and international trade.      The difficulty was in allowing encrypted data passing along the      Internet to be monitored by law enforcement agencies, while at the      same time giving legal status to the digital signatures that will      underpin electronic trade.      A suppressed government report into encryption, written by a former      deputy director-general of ASIO, Mr Gerard Walsh, has agreed with      Professor Caelli.      The Commonwealth should abandon as "doomed to failure" attempts to      control encryption by keeping a copy of the passwords, or keys, in      escrow, Mr Walsh told The Australian Financial Review yesterday.      The field of cryptography is generally divided into encryption, where      data is scrambled for confidentiality; and authentication, where an      electronic document is scrambled or signed to prove who it came from      for legal purposes.      Policy under consideration in Australia, the US and the UK calls for a      separation of the two key types, with law-enforcement agencies having      some sort of access to all encryption keys while individual's      authentication keys are kept strictly private.      It is widely accepted that escrowing authentication keys would render      them legally useless for signing documents.      "If you ever allow people to get near authentication keys you'll      corrupt the administration of justice," said Mr Walsh.      The problem facing governments, according to Professor Caelli, is that      it is technically impossible to separate the two key types, since they      are both just very long numbers.      The thinking with the most currency, known as "key tagging", involves      adding extra data to the start or end of a digital key to identify      what it would be used for.      But key tagging can't work in a PC environment, Professor Caelli      claims. PC operating systems don't have enough security to prevent      users from simply taking the tag off an authentication key and adding      it to an encryption key, thereby bypassing government attempts to      escrow all encryption keys.      If, as it was likely, a dual-key infrastructure proved impossible in a      PC world, governments would either have to escrow all keys, rendering      digital certification meaningless, or escrow no keys at all, rendering      data surveillance totally ineffectual, he said.      Mr Steve Orlowski, a leading Government expert on cryptography,      acknowledged that it was now impossible to build a secure dual-key      infrastructure, but said that it was "possible that someone could make      a breakthrough".      "We're encouraging research into that area so we'll be able to make      the distinction," he said.      The US National Institute of Standards and Technology recently made a      worldwide plea for cryptography algorithms that can be used for      authentication and not for encryption.      Mr Walsh's report, commissioned by the federal government to look into      how it must legislate to satisfy security and privacy needs in the      face of strong cryptography, has only now come to light following a      successful Freedom of Information action by Electronic Frontiers      Australia.      The 96 page report, Review of policy relating to encryption      technologies, was due to be published in October last year, and called      for a period of public discussion about cryptography issues.      However, it was never released, and was only made available to the EFA      this week with 20 paragraphs deleted.      A second report prepared at the same time but with specific      recommendations is still secret, however.      According to Mr Walsh, trying to put the lid on encryption with key      escrow would be "an exercise in futility" because it would miss the      very target it was intended to catch: organised crime, money      laundering operations and terrorists.      These groups would either refuse to escrow their keys, or simply embed      a further level of encryption in their messages, he said.
     He also said in the report that it would also be futile to try to      regulate the length of crypto keys on a nation-by-nation basis because      "the notion of fixed national borders is simply anachronistic" thanks      to the Internet.      "It's not in the interests of the community's rights to privacy, nor      the needs of the business community, to . . . limit the strength of      cryptography simply to catch the occasional minnow," he said.      Law enforcement considerations should not automatically leapfrog      privacy considerations, and the government would have to mount a      "damned strong argument" every time it wanted to access someone's      encryption keys, he said.      Mr Walsh said he was uncertain why his report had been suppressed,      given that anything that might have been controversial was restricted      to the secret report he also submitted.      "I wrote (the first report) in the clear expectation that it would be      publicly released," he said.

@_date: 1997-07-08 04:51:12
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Australian encryption policy report released! 
Electronic Frontiers Australia has succeeded in obtaining the "Walsh
report", with a few paragraphs excised.
It's available at It is a broad technology and policy review like the US National
Research Council's, though it's more succinct (only a hundred pages
long) and done by a single person, on contract to the Australian
Government.  I recommend reading it.  Here's a sample:
"The review encountered significant scepticism about mandated key
escrow or TTP systems.  The national sovereignty of the agencies
providing these services could not be guaranteed, with consequent
implications for the national interest.  There is the strong
likelihood that these agencies would become the major targets of
foreign intelligence services."

@_date: 1997-07-09 03:44:13
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Israel admits that its crypto policy was imposed by the US 
Forwarded-by: Ross Anderson ARCHIVE_DATE:Mon, Jul 07, 1997
ARCHIVE_HEAD:Chief scientist: Legal system gave in to US patent pressure
ARCHIVE_AUTH:By JENNIFER FRIEDLIN
JERUSALEM (July 7) - The Israeli legal system bowed to US pressure when it
devised certain patent and encryption laws, which are now harming Israeli
exports, Industry and Trade Ministry Chief Scientist Orna Berry said yesterday.
Due to restrictive patent laws, which prohibit generic drug manufacturers from
conducting research on original products before the patent protection expires,
local companies are losing their competitive advantage to US companies that do
not face such restrictions.
Earlier this month, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., one of Israel's
largest and most prestigious companies, said it is considering moving part of
its research and development operations overseas in order to bypass the law.
The encryption laws also hinder Israeli exports, because it insists that
products with special coding must be sold directly to the end-user rather than
off the shelf. While the law is meant to safeguard defense-related products,
consumer products - such as Internet software - are also affected.
One hundred and fifty companies employ encryption technology.
"The Israeli legal system has not done a good job in considering the impact of
these laws, and they have bent in front of pressure from the Americans," Berry
Both Berry and Industry and Trade Minister Natan Sharansky have appealed to the
Justice Ministry to revise the law.
Berry said she hopes they will conclude the procedure by the end of the year. Teva has been trying to change the patent law since 1994, when it was passed.

@_date: 1997-08-26 23:34:36
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein decision 
The Bernstein legal team is working on a definitive statement in a
conference call this morning.
As usual, talk to your own lawyer before doing anything rash.
We put the decision up on the Web so you (and they) can read it and
come to your own conclusions.  See

@_date: 1997-08-30 08:00:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Want to help put Judge Patel's decision on the web? 
We tried running it through OCR software and the results were
worse than just typing it in.
So we're asking for your help.
Please pick a random page of the document and type it in as ordinary
text.  We'll proofread it and fix up the strange characters and such.
Mail the result to me (gnu and post a one-line note to
cypherpunks that says "Patel decision page XX handled".  If a few get
typed twice, it'll be useful for proofreading anyway.
The document is on the Web at
We reworked the original fuzzy images so they're much easier to read
now.  But that's still no substitute for real, searchable, small,
ordinary text.
Please type it like this:
  *  Break the lines in the same place as in the original text.
  *  That funny "S-like" squiggle translates as "Sec." (for section).
  *  That funny "P-like" squiggle translates as "Para." (for paragraph).
  *  Any other stuff you don't understand, do your best, then add "XXX",
     which we'll search for and fix up.
Thanks to everyone who helps!

@_date: 1997-08-30 14:42:24
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Want to help put Judge Patel's decision on the web? 
Thanks for the great response, folks!!  So far we have about half the
pages covered.  Here is the ones we don't yet have.  Pick one at
random, if you want to help; see my previous message for details.
Still needed:  7 8  10 11 13 14 15 16 18  20 21 23 28 29  30 31 32 34 35
Thanks again!

@_date: 1997-08-26 06:12:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein decision is out! 
Judge Patel has made her decision, and it is up on the Web at
We're still preparing the legal analysis, but the basic outline is
that she declares the Commerce Dept. export-control scheme
unconstitutional.  She also issued an injunction against the Commerce
Dept. preventing them from enforcing these regulations against
Prof. Bernstein or others who distribute his software.
More details later...

@_date: 1997-08-26 06:43:25
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein decision 
[There will be many chances to talk to the press today about this.
 Call them up.  Tell them what it means.]
Lucky Green said:
Jonathan Wienke said:
However you slice it, getting a Federal judge to declare both crypto
export control regimes unconstitutional is a major accomplishment.
This court case has done what a decade of lobbying, two decades of
citizen activism, and a decade of crypto software entrepreneurship
were not able to do.  (Though all these things contributed greatly.)
It stopped the export-control machinery in its tracks.
Last December, the State Department stopped issuing crypto export
licenses.  Hugh Daniel had applied for one; it came back marked
"returned without action".  We later found out, by comparing notes
with other export applicants, that this was a general policy; they
didn't want to risk enforcing an unconstitutional law.  They never did
A few weeks later, the Commerce Department started issuing "EI" export
licenses under new regulations.
Now there's no other department to turn to.  We haven't found a third
law that lets them regulate crypto export or use.  And Judge Patel
mentioned in her decision that "the government cannot avoid the
constitutional deficiencies of its regulations by rotating oversight
of them from department to department".  Though she decided that they
had not deliberately evaded her previous ruling, she's warning them
not to try it.
The next few weeks should be very interesting.  There's a mailing list
for announcements in the case, as appeals are filed, final orders come
out, any hearings are scheduled, etc.  Send mail to
 containing the line "subscribe bernstein-announce".
These announcements will also automatically go to cypherpunks, but there
are people who don't want the volume but do want to get the news.  Let
them know.
Thanks to all the cypherpunks for your ongoing support and participation
in the case!

@_date: 1997-08-26 10:37:38
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crypto Export Restrictions are Unconstitutional 
San Francisco, August 26, 1997 - The Federal District Court here
struck down Commerce Department export restrictions on the privacy
technology called encryption yesterday, concluding that "the
encryption regulations are an unconstitutional prior restraint in
violation of the First Amendment."  For the first time, Judge Marilyn
Hall Patel ordered the government not to prosecute or harass the
plaintiff, Professor Daniel Bernstein, and those who use or publish
his encryption software.  The decision knocks out a major part of the
Clinton Administration's effort to force companies to design
government surveillance into computers, telephones, and consumer
"This is wonderful news," said Prof. Bernstein.  "I hope I can get
some of my ideas published before they change the law again."
The decision is a victory for free speech, academic freedom, human
rights, and the prevention of crime.  American scientists and
engineers will now be free to collaborate with others in the United
States and in foreign countries.  This will enable them to build a new
generation of tools for protecting the privacy and security of our
"Once again, it took a federal court to sort out technology and the
Constitution," said Lori Fena, Executive Director of the Electronic
Frontier Foundation, which backed the suit.  "Let this decision signal
the other two branches of government that when making laws pertaining
to the Internet, they must honor their oaths to uphold the
The decision is strategic because the Clinton Administration has been
using the export restrictions to influence domestic privacy policy.
Companies that agree to build "key recovery" technology into their
products are exempt from most of the restrictions.  Key recovery, a
follow-on to the Clipper Chip, is designed to give the government
untraceable access to users' private information.
The Federal District Court of the Northern District of California
last December struck down the ITAR, a set of encryption restrictions
enforced by the State Department.  A few weeks later, the Government
created virtually identical restrictions in the Commerce Department's
Bureau of Export Administration (BXA).  Yesterday's decision
invalidates the new restrictions, stating, "the encryption regulations
issued by the BXA appear to be even less friendly to speech interests
than the ITAR."  She warns that "the government cannot avoid the
constitutional deficiencies of its regulations by rotating oversight
of them from department to department," though concluding that she
"does not believe that such was the intent here."
"Our right to create, use, and deploy encryption come from our basic
civil rights of free speech, freedom of the press, freedom from
arbitrary search, due process of law, and privacy.  Judge Patel has
affirmed those roots in the First Amendment," philosophizes John
Gilmore, Electronic Frontier Foundation co-founder.  "Our Founding
Fathers used encryption -- and even invented some -- and did not
intend any ``crypto exceptions'' to the Bill of Rights."
DETAILS OF MONDAY'S DECISION
In the heart of the ruling, "The court declares that the Export
Administration Regulations . . . insofar as they apply to or require
licensing for encryption and decryption software and related devices
and technology, are in violation of the First Amendment on the grounds
of prior restraint and are, therefore, unconstitutional as discussed
above, and shall not be applied to plaintiff's publishing of such
items, including scientific papers, algorithms or computer programs."
The Court also held that the government's licensing procedure fails
to provide adequate procedural safeguards.  When the Government acts
legally to suppress protected speech, it must reduce the chance of
illegal censorship by the bureacrats involved, for example by making
the government go to a judge to decide the issue.  The EAR does not
require this; in fact, it precludes it.  "And most important, and most
lacking, are any standards for deciding an application.  The EAR
reviews applications for licenses ``on a case-by-case basis'' and
appears to impose no limits on agency discretion."
The Court dissected the export controls' exemption for printed
materials at length, calling it "so irrational and administratively
unreliable that it may well serve to only exacerbate the potential for
self-censorship."  The government's "distinction between paper and
electronic publication . . . makes little or no sense and is untenable."
The Court not only declared that these regulations are invalid and
unenforceable, but also prevented the Government from "threatening,
detaining, prosecuting, discouraging, or otherwise interfering with
plaintiff or any other person described . . . above in the exercise of
their federal constitutional rights as declared in this order."
The immediate effect of this decision is that Prof. Bernstein may
publish his encryption software, and that others may read, use,
publish and review it.  In addition, others in industry are studying
the court's analysis, and might decide to publish their own software
on the Internet as well.
Pretty Good Privacy, Inc, is one such company, which believes that
future courts will find Judge Patel's reasoning persuasive.  "We are
particularly pleased the court has reconfirmed that computer programs,
like other literary works, are accorded full protection under the
First Amendment," said Bob Kohn, vice president and general counsel
for Pretty Good Privacy.
The final form of the judgment will be negotiated between the parties,
and presented to the court within a week.  The government could either
seek an emergency appeal of the injunction, or take up to 60 days from
the entry of judgment to appeal.
ABOUT THE ATTORNEYS
Lead counsel on the case is Cindy Cohn of the San Mateo law firm of
McGlashan & Sarrail, who is offering her services pro bono.  Major
additional legal assistance is being provided by Shari Steele of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation; Lee Tien of Berkeley; James Wheaton
and Elizabeth Pritzker of the First Amendment Project in Oakland; and
Robert Corn-Revere of the Washington, DC, law firm of Hogan & Hartson.
ABOUT THE ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION
The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) is a nonprofit civil
liberties organization working in the public interest to protect
privacy, free expression, and access to online resources and
information.  EFF is a primary sponsor of the Bernstein case.  EFF
helped to find Bernstein pro bono counsel, is a member of the
Bernstein legal team, and helped to collect members of the academic
community and computer industry to support this case.
Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at:
        Scanned images of Monday's decision are available at:
        The full text of Monday's decision will soon be available at:
        Professor Daniel Bernstein will be building his new Constitutionally-
protected cryptography web page at:
Electronic Frontier Foundation Contacts:

@_date: 1997-08-26 19:57:37
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: DoJ press release on Bernstein case 
Forwarded-by: Shari Steele Department of Justice
For Immediate Release
Tuesday, August 26, 1997
(202) 616-2777
TDD (202) 514-1888
JUSTICE DEPARTMENT STILL REVIEWING DISTRICT COURT DECISION ON
EXPORT CONTROLS ON ENCRYPTION SOFTWARE
WASHINGTON, D.C. -- The Justice Department said today it is considering what further legal measures it will take following yesterday's ruling by the U.S. District Court in San Francisco that certain aspects of the government's regulations on the export of encryption software are unconstitutional.  Another federal court upheld the export controls on encryption software.
The Administration is committed to promoting the legitimate use of encryption.  Through encryption--or the coding of messages--businesses can protect trade secrets, hospitals can safeguard medical records, and individuals can be assured that personal messages on the information superhighway remain private.
But, as President Clinton stated upon issuing an Executive Order on this subject on November 15, 1996, the use of encryption products by unfriendly parties outside the United States can jeopardize the foreign policy and national security interests of the United States, and public safety of U.S. citizens.
Judicial proceedings in Bernstein v. Department of State are not yet concluded, and the decision governs only that case.  In March 1996, in another pending case in Washington, D.C., Karn v. Department of State, the District Court ruled that export controls on encryption software are constitutional under the First Amendment and serve important interests of the United States.  That case is still pending to consider export controls on encryption now administered by the Commerce Department.
Until this issue is resolved, export controls on encryption software remain in place.  Individuals or companies wishing to export encryption software by any means must continue to adhere to applicable export licensing controls on such software before exporting it abroad.

@_date: 1997-08-27 17:41:56
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein decision: image files upgraded 
If you couldn't read the decision because the original image files
were too fuzzy, try them now.  They're wider and longer, and a lot
easier to read.  They're almost as small as the previous ones, because
we encoded them better.
We're still working on scanning it in to plain text.

@_date: 1997-08-27 23:31:07
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Govt seeking emergency stay in Bernstein case 
Hi all,
Just talked to Mr. Coppolino at the Justice Department.  They are filing ex
parte emergency stay papers tonight or tomorrow morning to try to stay the
impact of Judge Patel's ruling pending appeal.  He'll be faxing me the
documents when they are ready.  He said yesterday that they would seek to
stay the "export" of crypto source code, although not the teaching or
discussion (whatever that means).
Cindy A. Cohn                                                               [Update: We received the faxed papers about 8PM; images of them will
be in a sub-directory of
 on Thursday
morning.  The Bernstein team is opposing their motion; our filing will
also be on the Web site.
It was reported by C|Net that the government is "appealing"; this is
not true.  They are asking that Judge Patel to "stay" her own ruling

@_date: 1997-08-28 14:50:18
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: US Seeks to Stay Bernstein Court Order 
Forwarded-by: "--Todd Lappin-->" US Seeks to Stay Court's Crypto Order
by Rebecca Vesely
6:02pm  27.Aug.97.PDT The Justice Department is seeking
an emergency stay of a ruling by a US District Court in San
Francisco that granted a University of Illinois professor
permission to export his encrypted email program.
Judge Marilyn Hall Patel ruled in Bernstein v. Department
of State that Daniel Bernstein can export his Snuffle
program and make it available online without an export
license. Her landmark ruling holds that software programs
are literary works protected under the First Amendment.
The Justice Department told Bernstein attorney Cindy Cohn
on Wednesday afternoon that it will seek an emergency stay
on the preliminary injunction allowing Bernstein to export
Snuffle. The department is expected to file papers
Wednesday night or Thursday morning, Cohn said. Justice
officials were not immediately available for comment.
"This is serious," Cohn said. "They feel that national
security will be breached. But our opinion is that he has the
right to publish his material."
In what is called an ex parte emergency stay, the Justice
Department asked Patel to reconsider her decision to grant a
preliminary injunction. If Patel decides not to reverse her
decision, the department can ask the 9th US Circuit Court of
Appeals to override her decision.
"It is unlikely Patel will give it to them," said John
Gilmore, founding board member of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation, which was a primary sponsor of Bernstein in
the case. "If she does, we will continue with the appeal
process and try to make the decision stick."
The decision could affect not just the fate of Bernstein's
research, but the US encryption export policy. Patel said in
her decision that current export encryption regulations
"are an unconstitutional prior restraint in violation of the
First Amendment."
Copyright =A9 1993-97 Wired Ventures Inc. and affiliated
All rights reserved.

@_date: 1997-08-29 17:30:15
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Court Allows Unlicensed Crypto Export 
San Francisco, August 29, 1997 - Yesterday a federal judge here denied a
government motion to silence mathematician Daniel Bernstein.
On August 25, District Court Judge Marilyn Hall Patel declared the
Commerce Department's cryptography regulations unconstitutional.
Judge Patel also issued an injunction to prohibit prosecution of Prof.
Bernstein and others who publish Prof. Bernstein's work.
In response to an emergency motion from the government on August 28,
Judge Patel ruled that most of the injunction would be put on hold
until the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has had a chance to review
Prof. Bernstein's case.  However, part of the injunction will remain
in effect: after September 8, Prof. Bernstein will be free to publish
his Snuffle 5.0 software on the Internet without fear of prosecution.
Snuffle 5.0 is at the heart of Prof. Bernstein's lawsuit against the
Scanned images of the Government's emergency request for a stay
are available from EFF's online archives at:
        Prof. Bernstein's opposition to the stay is at:
        Full text of the lawsuit and other paperwork filed in the case is
available from EFF's online archives at:
        Press Contacts:

@_date: 1997-08-27 15:24:39
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Govt seeking emergency stay in Bernstein case 
Hi all,
Just talked to Mr. Coppolino at the Justice Department.  They are filing ex
parte emergency stay papers tonight or tomorrow morning to try to stay the
impact of Judge Patel's ruling pending appeal.  He'll be faxing me the
documents when they are ready.  He said yesterday that they would seek to
stay the "export" of crypto source code, although not the teaching or
discussion (whatever that means).
************************ Cindy A. Cohn                                                               McGlashan & Sarrail, P. C.
177 Bovet Road, 6th Floor                                            San Mateo, CA  94402
(415) 341-2585 (tel)
(415)341-1395 (fax)

@_date: 1997-09-09 11:51:16
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Government has appealed the Bernstein case to the 9th Circuit 
No great surprise.  We have received their Notice of Appeal.  We'll
scan it in and put it on the Web as soon as possible.  Only Lee Tien
has seen it yet, and he didn't mention anything exceptional in it.
Soon in

@_date: 1997-09-10 15:53:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Government filed 9th Circuit Bernstein brief asking for full stay 
Today the Government filed a 22-page brief arguing to the 9th Circuit
Court that it would be so injurious to the national security for
Prof. Bernstein to be able to publish his Snuffle 5.0 software on the
Internet, that a complete stay of Judge Patel's injunction is needed.
They also propose that the entire appeal be done on an expedited basis.
The brief is accompanied by two seven-page personal declarations,
one from William P. Crowell, Deputy Director of NSA, and one from
William A. Reinsch, Under Secretary for Export Administration.
These will be up as page images on the Web shortly, under

@_date: 1997-09-24 18:27:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein: Stay issued; expedited appeal granted 
I just received the following fax from the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals:
The government's emergency motion for a stay of the district court's
injunction pending appeal is granted.
This appeal is expedited.  Appellants' opening brief is due on October 16,
1997.  Appellee's answering brief is due on November 10, 1997.  Appellants'
opinional reply brief is due on November 17, 1997.  All briefs shall be
filed and served by hand or overnight mail.  No extensions of time for
filing the briefs will be granted absent a showing of extraordinary and
compelling circumstances.
The Clerk shall calendar this appeal in San Francisco for the week of
December 8, 1997.
Judges  Hall, Brunetti and Thomas
************************ Cindy A. Cohn                                                               McGlashan & Sarrail, P. C.
177 Bovet Road, 6th Floor                                            San Mateo, CA  94402
(415) 341-2585 (tel)
(415)341-1395 (fax)

@_date: 1997-09-25 23:53:06
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Documents re 9th Circuit Emergency Stay now online 
The Government asked the 9th Circuit on the 10th for an "emergency
stay" of the District Court's limited injunction that would let
Prof. Bernstein publish his Snuffle software online.
Now you'll find Bernstein's opposition to that motion, filed on the
17th, online.  And the government's attempted emergency reply, filed
on the 22nd.  You will also find the 9th Circuit motions panel's terse
order granting the government motion (blocking Bernstein from
publishing online) and scheduling the case for very fast processing.
The final 9th Circuit hearing will be in December, and we have a
prospect for hearing a decision by Christmas.
See (You may have to ask your browser to "Reload" to see the new changes.)

@_date: 1997-10-15 08:06:52
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: New Mailing List:  Terrorism 
Sounds like some "civil rights oriented" EMS, fire, law enforcement,
intelligence community, etc people should join, and let the rest of us
know what they are doing...
TERRORISM is intended for discussion about terrorism response and
prevention, including intelligence gathering and emergency responses.
Topics include weapons of mass destruction, suspicious activities,
educational and funding opportunities, politics, and response ideas.
TERRORISM is an open forum to EMS, fire, law enforcement, intelligence
community, disaster preparedness & response, and military personnel with
an interest in preventing and responding to terrorist incidents.  Announcements about new educational opportunities and grants are
welcome, as are new products, services, or technologies directly related
to terrorism response. Listname: terrorism
Post to: terrorism
subscription command:  subscribe terrorism
                       sent to:  listserv

@_date: 1997-10-16 20:47:01
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein case update: Government appeal brief filed 
The government has filed its 81-page "brief" with the Ninth Circuit
Court of Appeals in the Bernstein case.  They argue that the export
controls are "constitutionally permissible", that they are not a
facially unconstitutional prior restraint on publication, and that the
District Court gave Prof. Bernstein "too broad" relief by declaring
the law and regulations unconstitutional and partially enjoining their
The brief has been scanned in as page images, and is at:
Prof. Bernstein's legal team will file its reply by November 10, the
government will reply by November 17, the Court will hold a formal
hearing sometime during the week of December 8, then the Court will
issue its decision.

@_date: 1997-11-06 15:58:53
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Crypto '98: Call for Papers 
CRYPTO  '98
            August 23-27, 1998, Santa Barbara, California, USA
                             CALL FOR PAPERS                            GENERAL INFORMATION
Original papers on all technical aspects of cryptology are solicited for submission to Crypto '98, the Eighteenth Annual IACR Crypto Conference. Crypto '98 is organized by the International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR), in cooperation with the IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Security and Privacy, and the Computer Science Department of the University of California, Santa Barbara.  For more information, access                         INSTRUCTIONS FOR AUTHORS
Authors are strongly encouraged to submit their papers electronically. A detailed description of the electronic submission procedure will appear by December 1, 1997 at  Electronic submissions must conform to this procedure in order to be considered.  Authors unable to submit electronically are invited to send a cover letter and 22 copies of an anonymous paper (double-sided copies preferred) to the Program Chair at the postal address below.  Submissions must be received by the Program Chair on or before February 16, 1998 (or postmarked by February 7, 1998, and sent via airmail or courier). Late submissions and submissions by fax will not be considered. The cover letter should contain the paper's title and the names and affiliations of the authors, and should identify the contact author including e-mail and postal addresses. Only original research contributions will be considered. Submissions must not substantially duplicate work that any of the authors have published elsewhere or have submitted in parallel to any other conference or workshop that has proceedings. The paper must be anonymous, with no author names, affiliations, acknowledgments or obvious references. It should begin with a title, a short abstract, and a list of key words, and its introduction should summarize the contributions of the paper at a level appropriate for a non-specialist reader. The paper should be at most 12 pages excluding the bibliography and clearly marked appendices, and at most 20 pages in total, using at least 11-point font and reason-
able margins. Committee members are not required to read appendices, so the paper should be intelligible without them.   Submissions not meeting these guidelines risk rejection without consideration of their merits.
Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to authors by April 30, 1998. Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their
paper will be presented at the conference.
                          CONFERENCE PROCEEDINGS
Proceedings will be published in Springer-Verlag's Lecture Notes in Computer Science and  will be available at the conference.   Clear instructions about the preparation of a final proceedings version will be sent to the authors of accepted papers. The final copies of the accepted papers will be due on June 5, 1998.
SUBMISSION: February 16, 1998 ACCEPTANCE: April 30, 1998 PROCEEDINGS VERSION: June 5, 1998
PROGRAM COMMITTEE:
Dan Boneh, Stanford University, USA
Don Coppersmith, IBM Research, USA
Yair Frankel, CertCo, USA
Matt Franklin, AT&T Labs - Research, USA
Johan Hastad, Royal Institute of Technology, Sweden
Lars Knudsen, University of Bergen, Norway
Hugo Krawczyk, Chair, Technion, Israel and IBM Research, USA
Ueli Maurer, ETH Zurich, Switzerland
Alfred Menezes, Auburn University, USA
Andrew Odlyzko, AT&T Labs - Research, USA
Rafail Ostrovsky, Bellcore, USA
Jean-Jacques Quisquater, Universite de Louvain, Belgium
Tal Rabin, IBM Research, USA
Matt Robshaw, RSA Laboratories, USA
Phillip Rogaway, University of California at Davis, USA
Rainer Rueppel, $R^3$ Security Engineering AG, Switzerland
Kazue Sako, NEC, Japan
Dan Simon, Microsoft Research, USA
Moti Yung, CertCo, USA
ADVISORY MEMBERS:
Burt Kaliski, chair Crypto'97, RSA Laboratories, USA Michael J. Wiener, chair Crypto'99, Entrust Technologies, Canada
Joe Kilian, electronic submissions, NEC Research Institute, USA
ADDRESS FOR NON-ELECTRONIC SUBMISSIONS:
Hugo Krawczyk, Program Chair, Crypto '98
Department of Electrical Engineering
Technion - Israel Institute of Technology Technion City, Haifa 32000
Phone: (972) 4-829-4652    Fax:   (972) 4-832-3041 E-mail: crypto98
FOR OTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Andrew Klapper, General Chair, Crypto '98
Department of Computer Science
763h Anderson Hall
University of Kentucky
Lexington, KY 40506  USA
Phone: (1) 606-257-3961 Fax:   (1) 606-323-1971
E-mail: crypto98
STIPENDS: A limited number of stipends are available to those unable to obtain funding to attend the conference. Students whose papers are accepted and who will present the paper themselves are encouraged to apply if such assistance is needed. Requests for stipends should be addressed to the General Chair.

@_date: 1997-11-19 13:36:21
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: AT&T Research "Crowds" -- Perl web anonymity proxy -- needs users 
It has a screwy "non-commercial use only, AT&T gets everything, you
get nothing" license, but otherwise it looks interesting.
You may remember that at Crypto, I described the Crowds system to you.
The system is now robust and up and running, and we have ported it to
windows and unix platforms, so just about anyone should be able to use
it. In fact, if there is such a thing as Perl for macintosh, I'm sure
it would work on that platform too.
We are very interested in getting more users of our system. As it is
intended to provide privacy to web users, I thought that perhaps it is
something that you and EFF would be interested in. Do you think you
could put a link to the Crowds page on the EFF web site?  Anything
else you can do to help increase the usage would be great, because our
system has the property that the more poeple use it, the more secure
it is. Let me know if you have any questions.
The Crowds page is:  Aviel D. Rubin                                 rubin
Secure Systems Research Dept.                Adjunct Professor at NYU
AT&T Labs - Research
180 Park Avenue                   Florham Park, NJ 07932-0971                    Voice: +1 973 360-8356
USA                                            FAX:   +1 973 360-8809
   --> Check out  for a new
       book on web security (The Web Security Sourcebook).

@_date: 1997-11-13 05:10:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Prof. Bernstein's appeal brief and two major Amicus briefs online 
The EFF Bernstein Legal web page has been updated to contain:
    *	the appeal brief by Prof. Bernstein
    *	the Amicus ("friend of the court") brief by EPIC, ACLU, CDT, CPSR,
    *	the Amicus brief by NCSA, RSA, Maynard Anderson, Jim Bidzos,
  There are still three more amicus briefs filed with the court, which
are not yet on the Web.
The Government's reply is due on November 20; we'll provide page images
shortly thereafter.
The appeal hearing is on December 8 at 9AM at the Ninth Circuit Court
of Appeals, 95 Seventh Street, San Francisco.

@_date: 1997-11-20 20:39:46
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Government's reply in Bernstein appeal; Dec 8 hearing coming 
The Government's 38-page reply argues that:
The brief is available in graphical page images in:
(Reload the page in your browser if you have an older version cached.)
Several amicus briefs, filed on November 10 along with Professor
Bernstein's appeal brief, are also newly on the Web.  The full set of
filings for this appeal includes:
The Court will now digest this large meal of cellulose, then hold a
hearing in which the judges can question the lawyers from both sides,
about anything they are unclear about.  They will then deliberate, and
write and issue their decision.
The appeal hearing is on December 8, at 9AM at the Ninth Circuit Court
of Appeals, 95 Seventh Street, San Francisco.  This is *not* the same
location as earlier hearings in the case.
We hope you can come, to witness the struggle for civil rights for
cryptographers, to speak with the press who attend, to meet with other
people concerned about cryptography policy, and to show the judges
that the public cares how they decide this case.

@_date: 1997-11-26 02:16:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: AAAS amicus brief in Bernstein case is on the Web; Citadel files too. 
The American Association for the Advancement of Science filed a rather
good 62-page "brief" arguing that:
    I. The Regulations Violate the First Amendment
    II. The Regulations Violate Equal Protection Applied
    to the Federal Government Through the Fifth Amendment
    III. The Regulations Violate the Privileges and Immunities
    Clause as Applied to the Federal Government under the Fifth
    Amendment by Infringing the Right to Make Use of the Most
    Effective Commercially Available Means of Communication
    IV. The Regulations Violate the Constitutional Right of Privacy.
Their arguments are novel, interesting, and generally well presented.
See In addition, the Citadel for Constitutional Government has filed a sixth
amicus brief with the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals.  We are still pursuing
an online copy of that brief.

@_date: 1997-12-05 17:48:42
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Dec 8th SF C'punks meeting: export controls on appeal 
We're having yet another "Cypherpunks Dress-Up Day" on Monday,
December 8th.  Meet at the Federal Appeals Court in San Francisco, at
7th and Mission Streets (new location!).  The hearings will start at
9AM, but several cases will precede ours, so we're guessing we'll
start about 10:30.  Dress sharp: TV crews, your fellow cypherpunks,
and three esteemed judges will all be checking out your duds.  Park at
the Fifth & Mission garage, or take transit to 7th & Market and walk a
After the hearing, EFF will have a press conference down the block at
the Best Western Motel, 121 7th Street.  This will feature commentary
from the EFF legal team and local First Ammendment scholars,
explaining the significance of what happened in the hearings, and
answering questions.
Then we'll have a room reserved for lunch a few blocks away, at
Annabelle's Bar & Bistro, 68 Fourth Street (between Market & Mission).
We expect to get there by about 1:30 pm.  It's a flat rate of $14 for
lunch, and we can probably send splinter groups into the main
restaurant if we overfill the room.  The legal team will be there, as
well as some of the EFF Board, and some potential donors to the case.
(Want to be one?)
The original Bernstein case is over.  We won it.  The government
appealed that decision, and is asking the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals
to overturn Judge Patel's rulings as erroneous.  Judges Myron
H. Bright, Betty B. Fletcher, and Thomas Nelson have been reading the
government's appeal, our response, and the government's reply.
They'll hear twenty minutes from each side, and ask whatever questions
they like.  Then (some days or weeks later) they'll publish their
The main issue before the Court is whether the export control laws and
regulations violate the First Amendment.  The Government is arguing
that if their *intent* is to regulate something other than
publication, they only need to show that the rules are "narrowly
tailored" to serve a "substantial government interest."  The
government argues that if it meets that test, it does not have to
worry about whether the regulations are a "prior restraint" on
publication.  Bernstein is arguing that what matters is whether the
government *actually* regulates publication (no matter what its
supposed "intent"), and that the government's export control regime
is an unconstitutional prior restraint on Bernstein's speech.
Check out the fancy new courtroom, which your taxes helped to build!
Proceed with us up the judicial hierarchy!  Shake hands with the
intrepid lawyers working hard to protect our rights!  Banter with NSA
representatives specially flown in for the occasion!  Talk with
journalists who cover crypto!  Be quoted talking about crypto freedom!
As background, Dan Bernstein, ex-grad-student from UC Berkeley, sued
the State Department, NSA, Commerce Department, Justice Department,
and other agencies, with help from the EFF.  These agencies restrained
Dan's ability to publish a paper, as well as source code, for the
crypto algorithm that he invented.  The judge decided that their
regulations are not only unconstitutional as applied to Dan, but in
general.  We're eating our way up the judicial food chain to see if
the ruling is confirmed at each level of expertise.  Full background
and details on the case, including our legal papers (and many of the
government's as well), are in the EFF Web archives at:
    Like Phil Karn's and Peter Junger's cases, this lawsuit really has the
potential to outlaw the whole NSA/FBI crypto export scam.  We intend to
make your right to publish and export crypto software as well-
protected by the courts as your right to publish and export books.  We
have won three times and we're getting closer, though it's likely
to require Supreme Court review before the issue is finally settled.
Please make a positive impression on the judges.  Shine yer sandals
and iron your t-shirts, if you can't borrow something from your
banker.  Break out that fedora, and those elegant but conservative
dresses.  Show the judges -- by showing up -- that this case matters
to people like you -- more than just to a professor and some
bureaucrats.  Demonstrate that their decision will make a difference
to your society and your profession.  That the public and the press
are watching, and really do care that how well they handle the issue.
We'll have to be quiet and orderly while we're in the courthouse.
There will be no questions from the audience (that's us), and no
photography there (except by pre-arrangement with the court).  You can
take notes if you like.  I haven't run the gauntlet of the guards
there yet, but I expect similar suspicious activities (small innocuous
metal objects checked before you can enter).
The only thing standing between today and the end of the crypto export
controls is us convincing about ten people that we're on the right
track.  Come help woo over three of them.

@_date: 1997-12-09 01:52:34
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Press URL's from today's Bernstein appeal hearing 
Today's hearing in the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals went very well.
The judges clearly understood the case -- both the picky legal
details, and how it fits into the general social issue of encryption
regulation.  While we can't predict their decision (or even when it
will come out), we are cautiously optimistic.
We'll put transcripts of the hearing up on the Web as soon as we get
them from the court reporter (in days or weeks).
You may want to examine some early press coverage of the hearing at:
(The Times requires a username/password; use "cypherpunks" and "cypherpunks"
if you don't want them to track your accesses.)

@_date: 1997-12-23 12:52:59
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Gilmore Publishes Strong Crypto Code Online for Authentication 
[This announcement does not relate directly to the Bernstein case,
 but I felt the overlap of interest would be very strong.  -- John]
      Strong Crypto Code Published Online for Authentication
San Francisco, December 23, 1997 - Civil libertarian John Gilmore
today published strong authentication source code on the Internet,
making it available for worldwide access, despite U.S. National
Security Agency attempts to restrict such software.  He is publishing
Domain Name System Security software that contains a complete copy of
RSAREF, well-known cryptography software that is a predecessor to the
DNSsafe software released in October by RSA Data Security, Inc.
Mr Gilmore explains, "Internet publication of cryptography software is
considered an export by the US Government, and often requires
government permission under the Export Administration Regulations
(EAR).  But those regulations specifically exempt programs which
merely prove that information is authentic (authentication), rather
than hiding the information (privacy)."
The export regulations were amended in 1989 to exclude authentication
software.  Since that time, however, the National Security Agency has
been telling people privately that the exclusion only applies to
ready-to-run "binary" programs.  They have reportedly claimed that the
regulations still require government permission to export the
human-readable "source code" of authentication programs.  The plain
text of the regulations makes no such distinction, though; all
authentication programs are exempt.
Readers can obtain the software from Mr. Gilmore's web site for Domain
Name System Security, at  or at
  Future releases will be available from
the Internet Software Consortium, The Electronic Frontier Foundation, which Mr. Gilmore co-founded, is
sponsoring a lawsuit to have the entire cryptography software export
control regime overturned.  In the three-year suit, Bernstein v. State,
Judge Marilyn Hall Patel has invalidated export controls administered by
both the State Department and the Commerce Department.  She ruled they
are an unconstitutional prior restraint against our First Amendment
right to speak and publish about cryptography.  The case is now in the
Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals.
Domain Name System Security:		
Internet Software Consortium:		
RSA Data Security:			
Electronic Frontier Foundation:	        Press Contacts:

@_date: 1998-01-18 21:11:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Unofficial transcript of Bernstein hearing published 
EFF has published an unofficial transcript of the hearing in front of
three judges at the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco on
December 8.  The hearing discussed whether the export controls on
cryptography are an unconstitutional prior restraint on publication.
    There is no news on the judges' decision from that hearing.

@_date: 1998-03-16 20:20:47
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bernstein's top lawyer, Cindy Cohn, testifies to Congress Tuesday 
The lead attorney in Dan Bernstein's challenge to the US export
controls on cryptography is Cindy Cohn, a partner at McGlashan &
Sarrail of San Mateo, CA.  She will testify on the constitutionality
of export controls (and proposed domestic controls) on cryptography,
before the Senate Judiciary Committee's subcommittee on the
Constitution, Federalism, and Property Rights.  The hearing will begin
at 10AM (Washington, DC time) on Tuesday, March 17.
The hearing will be cybercast in real-time, and will also be archived, at:
(Scroll down to the "Encryption hearing to be cybercast" link.)
Copies of Cindy's written testimony will be available on Tuesday from
the EFF Web site; see
I hope you can attend.
The Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals has not yet ruled on the
government's appeal in our case.  They hope to overturn our Federal
District Court case, in which all current export controls on
cryptographic source code were declared unconstitutional.  We expect a
ruling within the next several months.
Here are further details, courtesy of Alan Davidson of CDT, :
(1) Senate Committee To Hold Encryption Hearing March 17
Constitutional law experts, industry representatives, and the attorney in a
case challenging U.S. encryption regulations will testify on encryption
policy before the Senate Judiciary Committee's Constitution, Federalism,
and Property Rights Subcommittee on Tuesday, March 17. The hearing, "to
examine privacy in the digital age, focusing on encryption and mandatory
access issues", is scheduled for 10:00 am in the Senate's Dirksen Office
Bldg., Rm. 226.
Among the hearing highlights: Two well-respected legal scholars, Professor
Kathleen Sullivan of Stanford Law School and Professor Richard Epstein of
the University of Chicago, will outline the major constitutional concerns
raised by domestic encryption controls and other policies to regulate
Expected witnesses include:
Panel 1: Rep. Robert Goodlatte (R-VA)
Panel 2: Robert Litt, Department of Justice
Panel 3: Tom Parenty, Sybase
Panel 4: Kathleen Sullivan, Stanford Law School

@_date: 1998-04-16 11:39:05
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: BXA Encryption Export Seminar - San Jose, April 28 
I think some cypherpunk representatives should attend this seminar.
It's often useful to hear what the BXA is saying when they talk to
exporters instead of a court or the press.  You will probably learn
something about crypto export law, too.  If you have a portable
cassette recorder, see if you can record it for future reference "and
for others at my company".
I'd go, but I have a bunch of committments on that date.  Let me
know how it turns out!
Bureau of Export Administration - U.S. Department of Commerce
ENCRYPTION CONTROLS - As a result of the release of new rules
governing the export of encryption items previously controlled on the
U.S. Munitions List, the export licensing responsibilities were
transferred to the Department of Commerce (except those specially
designed, developed, configured, adapted, or modified for military
This full-day program is being held to instruct and assist the
exporting community with this change in jurisdiction. Representatives
from BXA and the National Security Agency (NSA) will explain: the
background and current U.S. policy, the main elements of the controls,
License Exception KMI and the licensing process for encryption cases,
and legislative initiatives and other issues to watch in the future.
WHO SHOULD ATTEND? - This seminar is designed for exporters, freight
forwarders, carriers, international trade consultants, attorneys, and
others who support and advise exporters. If your organization is
involved in a technology-related industry, especially computers,
electronics, defense goods/services, etc., this seminar is a must.
ENCRYPTION AGENDA
8:30-8:35 Opening
8:35-8:45 Overview of morning
8:45-9:00 Encryption Policy
9:00-9:15 Encryption Regulations
9:15-10:15 Encryption Licenses and the inter-agency review process
10:15-10:30 BREAK
10:30-11:00 Mass Market Encryption Software
11:00-12:00 License Exceptions: TMP - GOV - BAG for encryption items 12:00-1:00 LUNCH
1:00-1:45 License Exception Key Management Infrastructure (KMI)
1:45-2:15 Key Recovery Agents
2:15-2:45 Exports over the Internet
2:45-3:00 BREAK
3:00-3:30 Next Steps
3:30-4:00 License practice/policy
4:00-4:45 Questions & Answers
ABOUT THE INSTRUCTORS - The instructors are experienced export
administration specialists and licensing officers from BXA's
Washington, DC headquarters and Western Regional Office. The
instructors - who played a major role in drafting the new encryption
regulations - are available throughout the seminar to answer your
ACCOMMODATIONS - Special conference rates have been arranged with the
Hyatt San Jose for those who need rooms. Please make your reservations
directly with the hotel by calling (408) 993- 1234 or toll free (800)
233-1234. Mention the "BXA Seminar." Note: The hotel is conveniently
located minutes from San Jose Airport and is also easily accessible by
automobile. The Hyatt offers free parking.
QUESTIONS?- For more information on the Encryption Controls topics,
please call BXA's Western Regional Office at (714) 660-0144. For
information about registration, contact the Federation of
International Trade Associations at (800) 969-FITA or (703) 620-9098.
REGISTRATION Note: Space is limited and will be accepted on a space
availability basis . The Registration Fee for the Seminar is
$125/person and includes continental breakfast, AM & PM breaks,
luncheon and seminar materials. The registration fee is not refundable
after April 22, 1998. Cancellation prior to that date is subject to a
$25 administrative charge.
To guarantee placement for the Encryption Controls Seminar in San
Jose, FAX your registration to (703) 391-0159, and charge the fee on a
MC, VISA or American Express, or mail your registration with your
check payable to FITA-BXA to FITA, 1851 Alexander Bell Drive, Suite
400, Reston, VA 20191.
Attendee Name(s): ____________________________________________________________ Company Name:     ____________________________________________________________
Street Address:   ____________________________________________________________
City, State, Zip: ____________________________________________________________
      Phone:      _______________________       Fax: _________________________
[  ] Enclosed is my check for $___________ ($125/person)
[  ]  We prefer to pay by credit card: ____ MC,   ____ Visa,   ____ AMEX
Amount $_________ Acct  Expiry date:__________
Cardholder Name: ___________________________________________________
Cardholder Signature:________________________________________________
The Federation of International Trade Associations (FITA)
(For information about FITA, call toll-free (800) 926-FITA)

@_date: 1998-04-19 13:43:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: "Lawful access" vs warrants:  I found the difference today! 
Remember how in the Clipper debate, the government insisted on using
the term "lawful access" when talking about what the government had to
do to get keys out?  They implied it meant a warrant issued by a
judge, but actually the proposed rules said any "lawful access" would
do.  That phrase kept reappearing in government proposals.
I've been looking for years in the laws to find what secret loophole
they've been trying to protect.  Today I ran across it!
It's Executive Order 12333, signed by our favorite senile president,
Ronald Reagan, in 1981.  It says:
    2.5 Attorney General Approval.  The Attorney General hereby is
    delegated the power to approve the use for intelligence purposes,
    within the United States or against a United States person abroad,
    of any technique for which a warrant would be required if
    undertaken for law enforcement purposes, provided that such
    techniques shall not be undertaken unless the Attorney General has
    determined in each case that there is probable cause to believe
    that the technique is directed against a foreign power or an agent
    of a foreign power. Electronic surveillance, as defined in the
    Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, shall be conducted
    in accordance with that Act, as well as this Order.
In other words, if the Attorney General claims that someone is an
agent of a foreign power, no warrants are needed; the target has no
Constitutional rights any more:
    Fourth Amendment
    The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses,
    papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures,
    shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon
    probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly
    describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to
    be seized.
You will recall that the Attorney General made exactly this claim
about Martin Luther King (that he was an agent of a foreign power), to
justify the years of FBI surveillance.  For all we know, they have
been claiming that anyone who advocates crypto legalization must be
an agent of a foreign power.  It really wouldn't surprise me.
We shouldn't stop looking for more loopholes -- they may have several --
but I think this is the big one.

@_date: 1998-05-03 23:21:11
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Bills in Congress containing "encrypt"... 
I found a few interesting ones.
S. 1023
Making appropriations for the Treasury Department, the United States
Postal Service, the Executive Office of the President, and certain
Independent Agencies...
       Network, including $2,000,000 for the money laundering threat initiative
       and $1,000,000 for the Secure Outreach/Encrypted Transmission Program;
[The above bill seems to have evolved into the following, which was
passed by the House and Senate and awaits the President's signature.]
H.R.2378 Making appropriations for the Treasury Department, the United States
Postal Service, the Executive Office of the President, and certain
Independent Agencies, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 1998,
       to the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network for the Secure
       Outreach/Encrypted Transmission Program;        $1,460,000 to provide technical assistance and to
       assess the effectiveness of new technology intended to combat
       identity-based crimes,

@_date: 1998-05-30 18:04:35
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: FOIA fee waiver denial lawsuit 
Hi folks -- sorry to add to your mail load.
Disbelieve any assertions or ideas that Bill Payne offers, about a joint
lawsuit including me and him as plaintiffs.  I could never aspire to
match his level of effectiveness at pursuing complaints against the

@_date: 1998-06-07 21:39:00
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: President's Export Council advisors consider Encryption Policy 
[Largely bureaucratic, but there may be some interesting nuggets.
 This is an advisory group to watch over exports in general, with a
 subcommittee that is chartered to watch over encryption issues.  --gnu]
The open session of the President's Export Council Subcommittee on
Encryption (PECSENC) was called to order at 8:30 a.m.  Mr. Adorjan noted
the Committee's mandate and described the framework and agenda of the
meeting.  He then described the proposed focus of the Subcommittee
working groups on U.S. regulation and legislation, international, and
technology.  He emphasized that the objective would be for each working
group to address the many subjects related to encryption export policy
from the perspective of the primary topic.  He noted that as the working
groups made progress on issues, they would bring recommendations for
decision to the entire Subcommittee.  He added that each working group
would issue individual reports or recommendations rather than waiting
for an integrated report of all three working groups.  He again noted
his hope that the work of the three groups be integrated further on in
the process.  He commented that there had been discussion of a fourth
group focused on law enforcement, but concluded that it would be more
valuable to integrate law enforcement issues into the work of the three
groups because of its impact on these areas.  He then described the
proposed list of working group participants and possible chairs, noting
that his goal was to get a balanced representation of members within
each group.  He said that during the afternoon breakout sessions, he
would like each working group to reach a set of decisions on the scope
and approach of its work plan, and the timetable for completion.
Mr. Adorjan then discussed how the PECSENC, as a Subcommittee of the
President's Export Council, would communicate any formal activity to the
Administration, noting that the process used by the PEC Subcommittee on
Export Administration (PECSEA) worked well.  He described this process,
and explained that any proposals to send reports or letters to the
Administration were submitted by the Subcommittee Chair to the PEC Chair
for distribution to Committee members, with the PEC staff coordinating
this effort.
Mr. Adorjan then commented on Mr. Stewart Baker's e-mail recommendation
to submit a letter urging the Administration to move forward on the
financial institutions regulation which had been pending.  He agreed
with Mr. Baker's assessment that the Subcommittee should focus not only
on long-term issues, but also intervene in short-term issues.  Mr.
Adorjan added that issuing a letter to the Administration with support
of PEC and Subcommittee members was an effective means of bringing a
topic to the forefront.  He then suggested that the working groups
address such time sensitive issues, as appropriate, and formulate
recommendations for circulation throughout the entire Subcommittee.  Mr.
Adorjan then asked for any comments with regard to the working group
activities.  As there were none, he turned to the issue of membership,
noting that the PECSENC had 23 members with approximately 30 total
members planned.  He added that at the previous meeting, members had
discussed the importance of having a cryptographer and insurance
industry representative as members.  He assured members that the
department was pursuing these recommendations.
At the request of Subcommittee members, Under Secretary Reinsch
discussed Secretary Daley's recent remarks to a group of information
technology associations regarding the release of the Commerce Department
report titled "The Emerging Digital Economy."   Mr. Reinsch noted that
while the report focused on electronic commerce, the Secretary also took
the opportunity to comment on the encryption debate.  He emphasized that
the Secretary supported the President's policy to balance national
security, privacy, and commercial interests, but believed that
implementation of the policy had not been as successful as it should
be.  He added that if it could not be implemented successfully, the
victims would be the law enforcement community and U.S. business, as
foreign products would become more dominant.  With respect to the
ability of the United States to impact the activities of foreign
countries on encryption, Mr. Reinsch noted that each country that
confronted the issue had to work out the debate in its own way.
Responding to Mr. Lynn McNulty's request for views on the Economic
Strategy Institute's report entitled "Finding the Key, Reconciling
National and Economic Security Interests in Cryptography Policy", Mr.
Reinsch noted that while the report did not offer alternatives, it
demonstrated that balancing the competing interests in the debate was
Mr. Adorjan then introduced the first presenter in the Justice
Department's threat assessment briefing, Mr. Charles Barry Smith,
Supervisory Special Agent, Office of Public and Congressional Affairs at
the Federal Bureau of Investigation.  Agent Smith began by stating that
law enforcement was supportive of strong encryption to protect privacy,
but that it would be adversely impacted by commercially available
non-recovery encryption products.  He discussed the legal issues related
to wiretapping, describing it as a technique of last resort done under
strict judicial procedures.  He then described the adverse impact of
non-recovery encryption on law enforcement's ability to perform search
and seizure of criminally related electronically stored data.  He
provided case examples where electronic surveillance had been used
successfully and described high-profile cases where encryption played a
role.  In response to Raymond Humphrey's question as to whether or not
criminals would use key recovery products, Agent Smith said that past
experience showed that criminals tended to use what was generally
available, citing the use of cellular phones as an example.  Ambassador
Katz raised the issue of whether it was too late to reverse the impact
of the general availability of non-key recovery encryption.  Agent Smith
responded that at this point encryption was just an added feature, but
would soon become integrated into products and user-friendly, resulting
in increased use.   In response to Ms. Simons' question of the issue of
domestic controls, Agent Smith noted that law enforcement was in fact
concerned about the proliferation of non-recovery products within the
United States, as well as the impact of imports of such products.  Agent
Smith emphasized that law enforcement did not advocate that the
government be the holder of the information or key, but that it have
access to information pursuant to lawful authority without having to go
to the individual who may be engaged in the illegal activity.
Adorjan then introduced the second Justice Department speaker, Mr. Scott
Charney, Chief of the Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section
in the Criminal Division of the Justice Department.  Mr. Charney began
by commenting that his office was a large proponent of using
cryptography to protect systems for both authentication and privacy and
commerce purposes based on its experience with hacker cases.  He noted
that if information was encrypted, it was not as much of a concern if
hackers gained access to it.  He said that the question to ask was
whether the public wanted the kind of infrastructure that helped
criminals protect themselves because products were unbreakable and law
enforcement had no access to data, or the kind of infrastructure where
the public got the benefits of robust cryptography but where it did more
to preserve public safety.  Mr. Douglas McGowan asked about the method
of controlling keys for individual users of key recovery encryption
outside of the corporate environment.  Mr. Charney responded that there
were many ingenious ways to implement the technology which allow people
to retain control to information and keys while providing for government
access with the necessary authority.   He added that there were ways to
implement key recovery that offered benefits for the consumer and public
safety, and used the example of "self-wrapping" encryption.  Mr. Donald
Goldstein noted that there was evidence that the public was relatively
trusting and accepting of key management and recovery techniques, citing
the example of ATM card usage.  He cautioned that the network might
become unreliable if a vulnerability was introduced which could result
in the public not trusting the system anymore.  Mr. Chaney responded
that this vulnerability was far less than what existed in today's
plaintext world and that an expectation of zero risk on networks was not
realistic.  He added that there needed to be a balance of benefits and
risks and that it was difficult to quantify risks to privacy versus
public safety.
There was also a general discussion with Messrs. Smith and Charney on
related issues, including the concept of a "Net Center", the policies of
other countries, imports of non-recovery encryption, the difficulty in
designing different products in different markets, the possibility of a
single law enforcement standard, economic intelligence and espionage,
including losses to the economy if robust encryption was not available,
the need for real time access to encrypted communications,  and the
ability of law enforcement to solve crimes in the future if constrained
by non key-recovery encryption products.  Mr. Anthony Pentino of the
National Security Agency suggested that law enforcement might find a
better way to communicate its position beyond the congressional level to
the general public at large to counter what appeared to be an
exaggeration of privacy concerns fostered by its detractors.  Ms. Simons
then asked that in the future, the Subcommittee members have the
opportunity to submit questions to speakers.  Mr Adorjan suggested that
these questions be conveyed through the working groups.
Mr. Linton Wells from the Department of Defense commented that Deputy
Secretary of Defense John Hamre recently spoke to NATO allies in
Brussels regarding the importance of each country developing national
solutions on encryption.  He noted that Hamre's point was that
encryption needed to be regarded not just from commerce and law
enforcement standpoint, but as a national security issue as well.   As
NATO moved from military dedicated command and control to public
networks, strong identification, authentication, and interoperability
were crucial.   He also noted that with respect to the Defense
Department engaging in electronic commerce, key recovery encryption
would be necessary from an internal control standpoint.  Mr. Adorjan
agreed that this issue was not unique to the Defense Department, but
corporations as well.
Turning to the briefing foreign activities, Mr. Adorjan introduced Ms.
Michelle O'Neill, Executive Director to Ambassador Aaron and Mr. James
Lewis, Director of the Office of Strategic Trade and Foreign Policy
Controls.  Ms. O'Neill began by explaining that Ambassador Aaron, who
was unable to attend the meeting, had been appointed as Special Envoy
for Cryptography in November 1996.  The goal of his discussions with
other countries was international consensus on the development of key
management and key recovery architectures that would foster robust,
dependable security for global information infrastructure while
protecting public safety and national security.  She said that two key
issues were the need for harmonized export control policies and the
development compatible infrastructures, as it was clear that no widely
used encryption system or any successful national policy would be
possible without international cooperation.  She also noted that while
governments must provide appropriate policy framework, the task of
building this infrastructure would lie with the private sector.   She
said that through Ambassador Aaron's discussions, they had learned that
while most governments were behind the United States in development of
encryption policies, each shared the same concerns as the United States
in trying to strike the right balance.
Mr. Lewis' discussion focused on multilateral controls on encryption
exports.  He began by noting that a number of countries controlled the
export of encryption, but that the task was to modernize encryption
export controls to reflect today's environment and agree to the
implementation of common policies.  He added that most governments had
common concerns about role of encryption in society.  He noted that the
U.S. objectives with respect to encryption policy were law enforcement
access, use of recoverable encryption, and promotion of electronic
commerce.  He then explained the history and structure of Wassenaar
Arrangement and outlined the issues that the forum was considering with
respect to encryption, including moving to a positive control list,
consideration of the treatment of commercial encryption products given
widespread commercial use, treatment of software and intangible
technology (phone conversations, faxes, Internet transmissions),
decontrol levels, and transparency in reporting.  He said that the
United States had raised encryption as an issue for discussion at the
last Wassenaar Arrangement plenary in December 1997 and asked countries
to adopt similar policies as the United States.  He indicated that given
the scope of the issues under consideration, he was not sure that
resolution would happen anytime soon.  He added that Ambassador Aaron's
group was finding that other countries were moving slowly in the U.S.
direction and had more sympathy for the U.S.  position than it would
appear.  There was a general discussion of the issue of mass market
encryption software, the treatment of intangible technology and the need
to develop a common approach on encryption.
Following the lunch break and the meeting of the non-public working
group sessions, Chairman Adorjan reconvened the Subcommittee at 3:00
p.m.  He asked each group to give a report on its discussions and began
with Mr. Gant Redmon and the working group on technology.  Mr. Redmon
began by noting that the issue of interoperability was a key part of the
group's discussion and said that building key recovery was not an
impossible project (with respect to stored data).  He said that from a
technological standpoint, interoperability could cause a great deal of
difficulty in terms of those products that have key recovery and those
that do not.  He also noted the strong domestic impact of export issues
and other pressures to create encryption products a certain way.  With
respect to mass market software, he said that the working group
generally agreed that 56 bit encryption products were the de facto
Mr. Adorjan then turned to Ambassador Katz for a briefing on the
international working group discussion.   Katz noted that the first task
they agreed to focus on was developing an understanding of the state of
current encryption policies, including foreign availability and policies
of other governments.  He said that the working group would seek
briefings from government and the private sector and perhaps survey
suppliers and users.  He indicated that the group had identified another
issue:  whether export control policy is the most effective instrument
to meet broader objectives of law enforcement, national security, and
privacy.  He finished by noting that the working group planned on
completing its information gathering prior to the September meeting and
would then work on policy recommendations.
Mr. Adorjan then turned to the Regulatory and Legislative working
group.  Mr. Richard Barth began by noting that the working group had
considered the letter drafted by Mr. Baker and supported it with minor
edits.  He added that they felt that the issue of raising the decontrol
level to 56 bit encryption products could be included as a second
point.  He then noted that the group had agreed on a set of operating
principles for themselves and perhaps for the use of the entire
Subcommittee.  These included the objective of balancing the interests
of law enforcement, privacy and national, seeking this balance via
market driven forces and, where necessary, taking a legislative
approach.  He concluded with a request for a panel briefing on the
legislative environment and a briefing on the export control
requirements on encryption.
Adorjan agreed that briefings on three issues would be useful,
specifically briefings on the status of legislative issues, export
policies and administration, and international threat briefing by the
National Security Agency.  With respect to these briefings, he would ask
the presenters to provide topical outlines in advance of the briefings.
Mr. Adorjan said he looked forward to the working groups developing a
defined scope of work by the next meeting, and suggested that they
interact by e-mail.  He added that the working groups did not need to
get consensus, but that the long term objective was to formulate a set
of recommendations.  Finally, he noted that he and Under Secretary
Reinsch would invite Secretary Daley to participate at the June 22
meeting.  Mr. Adorjan asked if there were other issues to be discussed.
As there were none, he adjourned the session at 3:35 p.m.

@_date: 1998-06-11 12:16:50
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption: June 22 
[It might be interesting for DC-area cypherpunks to visit and see
what they're doing.  This council was appointed to advise the
Commerce Dept and the President about export of encryption.  --gnu]
President's Export Council Subcommittee on Encryption Meeting
June 22, 1998
Ronald Reagan Building, 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW, Washington DC
Conference Room Hemisphere A
9.00       Opening Remarks
9.30       BXA Updates
10.00      Legislative Panel Briefing
11.00      Closed Session
4.00       Open to public  Rm 4832
4.45       End

@_date: 1998-07-17 00:16:30
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: "EFF DES Cracker" machine brings honesty to crypto debate 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
July 17, 1998
   Alexander Fowler, +1 202 462 5826, afowler
   Barry Steinhardt, +1 415 436 9333 ext. 102, barrys
   John Gilmore, +1 415 221 6524, gnu
  "EFF DES CRACKER" MACHINE BRINGS HONESTY TO CRYPTO DEBATE
 ELECTRONIC FRONTIER FOUNDATION PROVES THAT DES IS NOT SECURE
SAN FRANCISCO, CA -- The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) today
raised the level of honesty in crypto politics by revealing that the
Data Encryption Standard (DES) is insecure.  The U.S. government has
long pressed industry to limit encryption to DES (and even weaker
forms), without revealing how easy it is to crack.  Continued adherence
to this policy would put critical infrastructures at risk; society
should choose a different course.
To prove the insecurity of DES, EFF built the first unclassified
hardware for cracking messages encoded with it.  On Wednesday of this
week the EFF DES Cracker, which was built for less than $250,000,
easily won RSA Laboratory's "DES Challenge II" contest and a $10,000
cash prize.  It took the machine less than 3 days to complete the
challenge, shattering the previous record of 39 days set by a massive
network of tens of thousands of computers.  The research results are
fully documented in a book published this week by EFF and O'Reilly and
Associates, entitled "Cracking DES: Secrets of Encryption Research,
Wiretap Politics, and Chip Design."
"Producing a workable policy for encryption has proven a very hard
political challenge.  We believe that it will only be possible to
craft good policies if all the players are honest with one another and
the public," said John Gilmore, EFF co-founder and project leader.  "When
the government won't reveal relevant facts, the private sector must
independently conduct the research and publish the results so that we
can all see the social trade-offs involved in policy choices."
The nonprofit foundation designed and built the EFF DES Cracker to
counter the claim made by U.S. government officials that governments
cannot decrypt information when protected by DES, or that it would
take multimillion-dollar networks of computers months to decrypt one
message.  "The government has used that claim to justify policies of
weak encryption and 'key recovery,' which erode privacy and security
in the digital age," said EFF Executive Director Barry Steinhardt.  It
is now time for an honest and fully informed debate, which we believe
will lead to a reversal of these policies."
"EFF has proved what has been argued by scientists for twenty years,
that DES can be cracked quickly and inexpensively," said Gilmore.
"Now that the public knows, it will not be fooled into buying products
that promise real privacy but only deliver DES.  This will prevent
manufacturers from buckling under government pressure to 'dumb down'
their products, since such products will no longer sell."  Steinhardt
added, "If a small nonprofit can crack DES, your competitors can too.
Five years from now some teenager may well build a DES Cracker as her
high school science fair project."
The Data Encryption Standard, adopted as a federal standard in 1977 to
protect unclassified communications and data, was designed by IBM and
modified by the National Security Agency.  It uses 56-bit keys,
meaning a user must employ precisely the right combination of 56 1s
and 0s to decode information correctly.  DES accounted for more than
$125 million annually in software and hardware sales, according to a
1993 article in "Federal Computer Week."  Trusted Information Systems
reported last December that DES can be found in 281 foreign and 466
domestic encryption products, which accounts for between a third and
half of the market.
A DES cracker is a machine that can read information encrypted with
DES by finding the key that was used to encrypt that data.  DES
crackers have been researched by scientists and speculated about in
the popular literature on cryptography since the 1970s.  The design
of the EFF DES Cracker consists of an ordinary personal computer
connected to a large array of custom chips.  It took EFF less than
one year to build and cost less than $250,000.
This week marks the first public test of the EFF DES Cracker, which
won the latest DES-cracking speed competition sponsored by RSA
Laboratories (  Two previous RSA
challenges proved that massive collections of computers coordinated
over the Internet could successfully crack DES.  Beginning Monday
morning, the EFF DES Cracker began searching for the correct answer to
this latest challenge, the RSA DES Challenge II-2.  In less than 3
days of searching, the EFF DES Cracker found the correct key.  "We
searched more than 88 billion keys every second, for 56 hours, before
we found the right 56-bit key to decrypt the answer to the RSA
challenge, which was 'It's time for those 128-, 192-, and 256-bit
keys,'" said Gilmore.
Many of the world's top cryptographers agree that the EFF DES Cracker
represents a fundamental breakthrough in how we evaluate computer
security and the public policies that control its use.  "With the
advent of the EFF DES Cracker machine, the game changes forever," said
Whitfield Diffie, Distinguished Engineer at Sun Microsystems and famed
co-inventor of public key cryptography.  "Vast Internet collaborations
cannot be concealed and so they cannot be used to attack real, secret
messages.  The EFF DES Cracker shows that it is easy to build search
engines that can."
"The news is not that a DES cracker can be built; we've known that for
years," said Bruce Schneier, the President of Counterpane Systems.
"The news is that it can be built cheaply using off-the-shelf technology
and minimal engineering, even though the department of Justice and the FBI
have been denying that this was possible."  Matt Blaze, a cryptographer
at AT&T Labs, agreed: "Today's announcement is significant because it
unambiguously demonstrates that DES is vulnerable, even to attackers with
relatively modest resources.  The existence of the EFF DES Cracker proves
that the threat of "brute force" DES key search is a reality.  Although
the cryptographic community has understood for years that DES keys are
much too small, DES-based systems are still being designed and used
today.  Today's announcement should dissuade anyone from using DES."
EFF and O'Reilly and Associates have published a book about the EFF
DES Cracker, "Cracking DES: Secrets of Encryption Research, Wiretap
Politics, and Chip Design."  The book contains the complete design
details for the EFF DES Cracker chips, boards, and software.  This
provides other researchers with the necessary data to fully reproduce,
validate, and/or improve on EFF's research, an important step in the
scientific method.  The book is only available on paper because
U.S. export controls on encryption potentially make it a crime to
publish such information on the Internet.
EFF has prepared a background document on the EFF DES Cracker, which
includes the foreword by Whitfield Diffie to "Cracking DES."  See
  The book can be ordered for worldwide
delivery from O'Reilly & Associates at +1 800 998 9938, or +1 707 829 0515.
                              **********
The Electronic Frontier Foundation is one of the leading civil liberties
organizations devoted to ensuring that the Internet remains the world's
first truly global vehicle for free speech, and that the privacy and
security of all on-line communication is preserved.  Founded in 1990 as a
nonprofit, public interest organization, EFF is based in San Francisco,
California.  EFF maintains an extensive archive of information on
encryption policy, privacy, and free speech at

@_date: 1998-07-17 17:11:31
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: ZDTV and CNN coverage of DES Cracker 
ZDTV will have me on the 8PM news tonight, and Barry Steinhardt on
their "Silicon Spin" program today.
CNN took pictures earlier today, I don't know when they'll use them.

@_date: 1998-08-21 07:14:51
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Announce: SF cypherpolitech dinner, Friday 21 Aug, 6pm: Khan Toke 
Declan (of fight-censorship/politech fame), Solveig (of those wacky
libertarians at the Cato Institute), and John (a reported maverick who
cracks codes) invite you to a San Francisco social dinner for
cypherpunks, politechnicals, and related species.  Declan and Solveig
are visiting SF briefly, and want to stir some of the locals out to a
watering hole.
We've reserved a room at a good Thai restaurant, full of sunken tables
and beautiful carved wood.  Please RSVP to Declan at if you think you're coming; this will help us let the restaurant know
what to expect.  But if on Friday night you end up wanting to come,
come anyway, whether or not you RSVP'd.
The restaurant is:
It's in the Richmond district of SF, out toward the ocean and north.
19th Avenue, which puts you on Park Presidio Ave.  Turn right on Geary
and go to 24th.  Park in the neighborhood.
through Golden Gate Park.  When you exit the park, you'll be on Park
Presidio Ave.  You can't turn left anywhere along there, so pass
Geary, and at the next block (Clement), take three rights instead.
Head west on Geary to 24th Avenue.
freeway.  Take the Van Ness Avenue exit, go right at the bottom, snake
leftish across Mission and Market Streets, and you'll be going north
on Van Ness.  In about ten blocks, take a left on Geary.  Follow it
all the way to 24th Avenue.
Montgomery station, or at the Transbay Terminal.
See you there!

@_date: 1998-08-05 16:29:03
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: SF Bay Area Cypherpunks, Sat Aug 8, Santa Clara & Palo Alto 
The August meeting of the San Francisco Bay Area Cypherpunks will be
on Saturday, August 8 1998 from 12-6PM.  This is an open meeting, as
always, and the public is invited to attend.
The meeting will be held in two sequential locations this month.
We'll start with a tour of the recently announced Electronic Frontier
Foundation "DES Cracker", hosted by the company which built its
hardware.  Please join us between noon and 2PM at:
It's in a complex of small startups at the corner of Scott Blvd and
Garrett Drive in Santa Clara.  To reach it, take US 101 to the Bowers
Avenue exit (heading south/oceanward), turn right in a few blocks on
Scott Blvd, and turn right on Garrett.  The first two driveways on the
right serve the complex; AWT's corner of the parking lot is at the
second.  You can also come in via Lawrence Expressway; go
east/SanJoseward on Arques Avenue (which becomes Scott Blvd) and turn
left on Garrett.
Autographed copies of the Cracking DES book will be available, and
the machine will be running.
There isn't a room large enough to have a sit-down meeting at AWT, so
we'll reconvene at 2:30 at Stanford University, at the outdoor tables
outside Tresidder Union, which is near the bookstore.  The tables are
on the west side, which is the inside of the U-shape.  Coffee and food
are available in the building.
Agenda: 12:00-2:00 at the machine location,   -- John Gilmore

@_date: 1998-10-23 10:30:24
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: UK Government unveils crypto escrow legislation 
The UK government has announced legislation designed to force escrow of confidentiality keys on UK netizens.
They are planning a licenced system of Certificate Authorities in an attempt to force key escrow down the throats of British computer users. This could be a model for other governments. The idea is that digital signatures get preferential legal treatment if certified by a licenced CA, but to get a licence you must escrow confidentiality keys.  The licensing authority will be OFTEL, the telecoms regulator.
You may want to check out this link for full details

@_date: 1998-11-30 13:55:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Internet Society: 1999 Board of Trustees Call for Nominations 
I'm currently serving a 3-year term on the Board of Trustees of the
Internet Society, and have volunteered for the nominations committee.
The board is elected by the membership; every year five or six
Trustees are elected to three-year staggered terms.  I would like to
see talented people who care about the future of society serve on the
board.  I know there are many such among the cypherpunks.  If you are
willing to serve on the Board, please nominate yourself, or if you
know someone who's willing to serve and who you think would be good,
please nominate them.  Send such nominations to isoc-noms
The message below gives all the details.
Not everyone nominated will be on the ballot; the nominations
committee will winnow it to a list of ten or fifteen people.  And
among those people, only the top five vote-getters will be elected by
the membership.
Anyone who the nominations committee doesn't pick for the ballot, can
get on it anyway, if they submit a petition from 65 Internet Society
members to put their name on the ballot.  That's how I got on the
ballot when I was elected a few years ago.  (IETF is a great place to
run around and get people to sign your petition.)
Being a Trustee makes you responsible for the acts of the Internet
Society.  And you get to help decide what those acts will be.  It's an
unpaid, volunteer job.  You get to fly (at your own expense) to the
board meetings a few times a year.  ISOC has done many good things,
like training people in a hundred countries how to set up the first
Internet node there.  Like publicly stating (in RFC 1984) that it will
ignore US export controls when designing worldwide Internet crypto
protocols.  Like working hard to resolve the mess around domain-name
and IP-address administration, and the mess around the "Internet"
trademark.  ISOC also provides the organizational structure for the
IETF and the Internet Architecture Board.  ISOC will probably do many
more good things -- particularly if it has good people as Trustees!
Whether or not you want to be a Trustee, I encourage you to join the
Internet Society as a member -- see 1999 Internet Society Board of Trustees Elections
Call for Nominations
On 26 February 1999, ballots will be posted for the election of new Internet
Society Trustees. Election Day is scheduled for 3 May 1999, when received
ballots will be opened and tallied. Internet Society members will be asked
to elect FIVE Trustees who will serve  three year terms. The role of a
Trustee is detailed in the Internet Society By-Laws (not included in this
notice but available on the Internet Society web server):
        This notice is a call from the ISOC Nominations Committee for nominations
of candidates for election.
Nominations are to be forwarded to this committee via:
 -  electronic mail to: isoc-noms
 or
 -  fax to  +1 703 648 9887
 or
 -  postal mail to:
Internet Society
12020 Sunrise Valley Drive, Suite 210
Reston, VA 20191-3429
Attention: 1999 Nominations Committee
Nominations are to reach the committee no later than 17 December 1998 in
order to ensure due consideration of the nomination by the committee.
Nominations (in the form of agreed nominations, suggestions or volunteers)
are to include the name of the nominated individual, contact details and a
brief explanation of the basis of the nomination.
The  committee will confirm with the candidates their willingness to stand
for election as a nominated candidate if so selected. Nominees will also be
requested to provide the committee with further personal details (in the
format of a curriculum vita) as they relate to the selection guidelines
that are to be applied by the committee, and provide to the committee a
statement indicating their willingness and ability to devote an appropriate
level of time to activities associated with the position of Trustee of the
Internet Society.
It is intended that the committee's selection process will result in 10
candidates for election as nominated candidates.  This list will  be passed
to the Elections Committee on 19 December 1998, as well as informing voting
members of the Society of the selected nominees.
Additional candidates for election to the Board of Trustees may be
nominated by membership petition, filed with the Chair of the
Nominating Committee no later than 22 January 1999.  A petition for
the 1999 election will require the signatures of sixty-five voting
ISOC members (1% of the total voting members). Specific details of the
petition process will be included in the announcement of nominated
candidates on 19 December 1998.
Following the closure of the petition period, the list of the nominated and
petitioned candidates will be announced 29 January 1999.
The Election Committee will mail the ballots out to ISOC voting members on
26 February 1999 and the election date is set to be 3 May 1999.
Kees Neggers
Chair, ISOC Nominations Committee
tel: +31 302 305 305
fax:  +31 302 305 329

@_date: 1998-12-05 11:09:07
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
I spoke some hours ago with Tatu Ylonen in Finland.  His company has
confirmation from the Finnish government that the government agreed to
a proposal to limit mass-market crypto exports to 56 bits.  Perhaps
he or someone else from SSH can post more details.
So *something* really did happen at the Wassenaar meeting, but we
don't know two important things:
It was pointed out to me that the Wassenaar Arrangement has no legal
effect.  Each country has to go back and amend its own local controls.
However, I personally saw cases more than a year ago where both Japan
and Belgium were restricting bona fide civilian crypto transactions
"because Wassenaar requires us to" when in fact it didn't.  This
development will give these countries much more "cover" to implement
draconian policies, under secret arm-twisting from the US.
We will have to fight this one in the trenches, in each country.
First step is to raise a hue and cry and put each government on the
defensive (as they well ought to be).  Then let's find out what "deal"
they made with the devil.  Finally let's see whether, as Perry says,
civil rights and political processes work, and the will of the people
will actually end up codified in the laws of each country.  Or not.
PS:  I particularly like Ambassador Aaron's characterization that
this new development will help US industry, by censoring foreign crypto
publishers in the same way the US government censors US publishers.
A giant step forward for freedom and commerce everywhere, eh Mr. Aaron?
What an incredibly talented liar, I mean diplomat, he is.

@_date: 1998-12-05 16:00:58
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: Which way are crypto regs going? 
Lucky Green said:
Lucky's such an optimist!  Actually, crypto regs have gone many
different directions.  The general direction in the US is toward
more openness.  (I've been watching them longer than Lucky has been.)
Authentication used to be licensed.  It isn't any more -- though
the bastards reserve the right to lie about what is authentication.
ATM machines used to require a license.
40-bit crypto used to require a license.
Financial institutions used to require licenses.
Big companies used to need licenses for intra-company use.
DES used to require a license.  (Still does, until the incredibly
cold warriors move their bowels and produce a new, uh, release
of the regs.)
Maybe sometime next year I'll be able to say, "Publishing crypto on
the net used to require a license but now it doesn't, since the courts
started enforcing the Constitution."  Whether this happens or not is
NOT under the control of the NSA -- I think.
On the other hand, crypto regs in other countries tended to start
from "unrestricted", so indeed there was no way they could go from there
except "more restrictive".  But after the first dollop of restriction,
they could go either way, as we've seen in various countries.
Germany for example seems to be loosening.  Canada turned out to be
looser than anyone had suspected, and is still trying to be loose
despite intense arm-twisting by US wiretappers.
Some countries actually seem to care what their citizens think about
their crypto laws, unlike the shining example of democracy, the USSA.
And when we educate the citizens, they tend to make the right choices.
Let's keep trying.

@_date: 1998-12-05 16:05:18
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Greg Taylor: preliminary Wassenaar details from three countries 
[Greg graciously allowed me to repost this.   --gnu]
Hi John,
I think Aarons must have an advanced degree in spin doctoring, but
nevertheless  information about new restrictions on mass market software
has also come from 3 independent well-placed sources.
Just talked to Dirk Weicke, Senior Adviser to Wassenaar Organisation.
Tel:+43 1 516360)
No written details will be issued until next week, but gist is:
*) No alteration to question of whether Wassenaar covers intangible exports.
Up to signatory states to interpret and legislate.
*) mass-market software, symmetric key length limited to 56-bits
*) software generally available, but with other restrictive tests on
end-user re-configurability, symmetric key length limited to 64-bits
*) Assymetric key lengths (not sure how relates to above) limited to:
RSA & Digital logarithm: 512 bits
Elliptic curve : 112 bits
And here's a view from David Jones (EFC), from the GILC list:
- There is "some relaxation" for restrictions on symmetric methods
  using key lengths of 56 bits or less.  Stronger crypto would require
  an export license.
- There is no restriction on mass-market software using symmetric methods
  and a key length of 64 bits or less.  Stronger mass-market crypto would
  require an export license.
- "Public Domain Software is not restricted"
  [If this is really true, this is still an important loophole.]
- There is not yet any clear information about the status of
  "intangible goods", like crypto software on a web site, or sent by email,
  as opposed to "tangible goods", like software on a floppy disk or CD-ROM.
- The restrictions on mass-market software greater than 64 bits is
  "for public safety" reasons and will last for 2 years,
  after which it will be reviewed.
Yesterday I got the Australian government interpretation from Robbie
Costmeyer in Canberra.  Costmeyer is the Defence bureaucrat responsible for
approving export licenses.  I was told that Wassenaar had now agreed that
the General Software Note  waiver no longer applied to Category 5/2 items
(i.e. crypto) on the controlled goods list.  It has always been the view of
Defence Signals Directorate here that it was an oversight that crypto
software came under the GSN.  That reason was used to justify Australia's
going one step further than required under the original Wassenaar
Arrangement and disallowing exemptions to the export licensing rules.  A
few other countries do the same (USA, New Zealand, France, Russia).
Canberra thus views the latest change as the correction of an oversight.
Clearly there is a difference of interpretation here regarding public
domain software (compare the Canadian view above).  This question needs
further investigation.
The Australian view is that the latest Wassenaar changes are a relaxation
of the previous rules.  And they're right, when compared with the previous
rules applying here.  Australia will now move to amend the Defence
Strategic Goods List (DSGL) to allow exemptions for small key lengths as
decribed above.
For other countries, the effects remain to be seen.  We'll just have to
wait for more information to filter out.
