
@_date: 1995-07-13 14:40:22
@_author: "It's supposed to crash like that." 
@_subject: Encryption and ITAR 
Anyone know how far ITAR reaches?  Is there a list of programs that are illegal
to take from america anywhere else?  My company does a LOT of buisness (80%)
outside the US, and I wonder if they are maybe pissing off the NSA or somthing
with some software they take with them.  (a DES encrypter, and some other
encryption stuff)

@_date: 1995-07-21 10:30:34
@_author: "It's supposed to crash like that." 
@_subject: big word listing 
As a security measure, I am trying to get a massive dictionary of words
together, and each time a user changes his/her password, it checks the list to
see if the password is in it.  My question is, are there any pre-built lists of
this nature?  I am currently only using a spelling dictoinary, and would like
somthing a little bigger.

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:52:40
@_author: "Brian Gorka" 
@_subject: List of US representitives 
Someone posted a list of US reps awhile back...  Can someone forward me a copy? Brian Gorka
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1995-09-26 17:33:57
@_author: "Brian Gorka" 
@_subject: Windows MixMaster Client 
Does anyone out there have a windows mixmaster client?  (or a pointer to one?)
Also, I am having a LOT of grief trying to get the alpha.c2.org  remailer to
work for me... (yes, I have the help files)
Could someone walk me through it?

@_date: 1995-10-24 06:23:06
@_author: "Brian Gorka" 
@_subject: C|Net 
Yes, I got it too.  What is it?
----------------crap deleted---------------

@_date: 1995-12-02 05:16:45
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: Browser Reports 
Microsoft's Browser (my choice right now) reports:
If you want to know what yours reports, check out Mozilla/1.22 (compatible; MSIE 2.0; Windows 95)

@_date: 1995-12-28 14:01:43
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: IwinPak 
Has anyone ever seen or heard of this company?  They use PGP as an encryption transport for secure mail and transactions (at a price of course)

@_date: 1995-12-07 14:43:44
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: Micro$oft and Java 
Microsoft announced its Internet plans, and is considering licensing Java from Sun Microsystems. Other parts of the plan: OLE controls that can be transmitted over the Web, acting like applets; Web-related enhancements to Visual Basic; commerce, security, publishing and server software. [WSJ 12/7 IBM joined the ranks of companies licensing Java software from Sun Microsystems. The company plans to integrate the technology into all its Internet software and operating systems, including the version of Windows 3.1 it sells. [NYT 12/7 p.D2] [WSJ 12/7 p.B8]

@_date: 1996-01-17 04:09:16
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: Re: Need confirmation of Win95 password encryption back door 
A friend and I were working on an exploit of this.  It is true.  We were not working on a grepper, but we found the offset where the passwords reside and were going  to dump them into a dialog box.  If you are planning to exploit this, we will stop our previous efforts.
Sent: 	Monday, January 15, 1996 5:20 PM
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
A Major Media Outlet requires confirmation that Windows 95, to facilitate
its automatic reconnect feature for sleeping laptops and temporary network
outages, caches all network passwords (NetWare, NT, UNIX running Samba,
SLIP/PPP dialup) in unprotected memory in clear text, whether you've
disabled persistent "password caching" to disk and applied the December
14th 128-bit RC4 .PWL patch, or not. There seems to be no way to turn
this off.
The idea, of course, is that a simple trojan horse could do whatever it
wanted with this information.
We know that this vulnerability exists in Windows for Workgroups, and
Peter wrote a little demo (on hackmsoft page below, without source), but
the APIs appear to have changed in Win95.
So, anyone have Win95 and some time to kill, or can anyone recommend a
good DOS/Windows RAM grepper?
- -rich
  $ Mon Jan 15 22:17:10 PST 1996 $
 $ From llurch to cypherpunks $
Brian Gorka
Key fingerprint =  ED 7D 78 7E 95 E8 05 01  27 01 A1 74 FA 4B 86 53

@_date: 1996-01-17 23:11:33
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: RE: MS story 
Sent: 	Tuesday, January 16, 1996 2:00 PM
   Peter explained a bit about what he *could have* done when he provided
   the source code, and Frank Andrew Stevenson also had some ideas. The
   people below are working on an independent hack that will pop up stored
   passwords for Windows 95, again whether you have the 128-bit RC4 patch
   applied, and have turned off persistent password caching to disk, or
   not. Brian Gorka described the exploit they're working on (but have not
   finished, no) on in a message to cypherpunks:
A friend and I discovered this 'feature' accidentally. (now that I checked c2's Hack MSoft page I see someone else exploited it in WFW)  Using heapwalker on WFW, we noticed the password cache was not encrypted.  I wanted an official C2 I hacked Micro$oft Tee-Shirt and we wondered if this was still true after the Windows 95 password cache 'fix'.  We fired up h  eapwalker and found nothing.  It won't let you look in that area.  BUT, After firing up SoftICE for Windows 95, we found the area in less than 5 minutes.  It is in the C000 0000 memory area (the system area), and the password information is ALWAYS a constant offset from some text. (IFSMGR I think)  Dumping it out is pretty easy, and as soon as we get some free time, the rest of the code will flow, we have something in the way of output, but it's not pretty.

@_date: 1996-01-27 05:33:32
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: No Subject 
I was leafing through the new terms of service from my ISP, and lookie what I came up with:
.... stuff deleted
 * Posting private e-mail to any newsgroup or mailing list without
   the explicit approval of the sender is strictly prohibited.
 * Impersonating another user or otherwise falsifying one's user name
   in e-mail or any post to any newsgroup or mailing list is
   strictly prohibited.
 * We reserve the right to take whatever actions we deem appropriate
   in enforcing these policies, including the ones below.  We also
   reserve the right to change these policies without prior notice at any
   time.
... stuff deleted
   The actions we take may include account suspension or termination. We
   do not issue any credits for accounts cancelled due to policy
   violations.
The second point make me wonder if NymServers are logal to use with my service (PSInet, Interramp)
Brian Gorka
Key fingerprint =  ED 7D 78 7E 95 E8 05 01  27 01 A1 74 FA 4B 86 53

@_date: 1996-01-31 21:31:05
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: x-app/pgp-encrypted 
Does anyone know of a web server that uses PGP instead of SSL or STT or whatever is the new acronym of the week for secure web transactions?
A server would have its public key available for anyone get.  All transactions that need encrypting would be encrypted to the server by using the public key.  PGP 3.0's API would make this even easier (or so I've The reverse could also be implemented.  By using some identifying characteristic of the user (maybe a user defined name) and the corresponding PGP key, data could be transmitted securely to the user.
Brian Gorka
Key fingerprint =  ED 7D 78 7E 95 E8 05 01  27 01 A1 74 FA 4B 86 53

@_date: 1996-02-16 01:13:30
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: FW: Cyberspace Declaration Of Independence 
Newgroups: at.mail.com-priv
Path: earth.superlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!europa.chnt.gtegsc.com!news.uoregon.edu!usenet.eel.ufl.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.reston.ans.net!EU.net!Austria.EU.net!osiris.wu-wien.ac.at!news-mail-gateway
Newsgroups: at.mail.com-priv
Organization: WU Mail/News Gateway
Lines: 173
Sender: daemon
NNTP-Posting-Host: osiris.wu-wien.ac.at
I haven't seen this on com-priv yet...but I may have deleted it without
noticing....(sorry if it has been through it already).
Yesterday, that great invertebrate in the White House signed into the law
the Telecom "Reform" Act of 1996, while Tipper Gore took digital
photographs of the proceedings to be included in a book called "24 Hours in
I had also been asked to participate in the creation of this book by
writing something appropriate to the moment. Given the atrocity that this
legislation would seek to inflict on the Net, I decided it was as good a
time as any to dump some tea in the virtual harbor.
After all, the Telecom "Reform" Act, passed in the Senate with only 5
dissenting votes, makes it unlawful, and punishable by a $250,000 to say
"shit" online. Or, for that matter, to say any of the other 7 dirty words
prohibited in broadcast media. Or to discuss abortion openly. Or to talk
about any bodily function in any but the most clinical terms.
It attempts to place more restrictive constraints on the conversation in
Cyberspace than presently exist in the Senate cafeteria, where I have dined
and heard colorful indecencies spoken by United States senators on every
occasion I did.
This bill was enacted upon us by people who haven't the slightest idea who
we are or where our conversation is being conducted. It is, as my good
friend and Wired Editor Louis Rossetto put it, as though "the illiterate
could tell you what to read."
Well, fuck them.
Or, more to the point, let us now take our leave of them. They have
declared war on Cyberspace. Let us show them how cunning, baffling, and
powerful we can be in our own defense.
I have written something (with characteristic grandiosity) that I hope will
become one of many means to this end. If you find it useful, I hope you
will pass it on as widely as possible. You can leave my name off it if you
like, because I don't care about the credit. I really don't.
But I do hope this cry will echo across Cyberspace, changing and growing
and self-replicating, until it becomes a great shout equal to the idiocy
they have just inflicted upon us.
I give you...
A Declaration of the Independence of Cyberspace
Governments of the Industrial World, you weary giants of flesh and steel, I
come from Cyberspace, the new home of Mind. On behalf of the future, I ask
you of the past to leave us alone. You are not welcome among us. You have
no sovereignty where we gather.
We have no elected government, nor are we likely to have one, so I address
you with no greater authority than that with which liberty itself always
speaks. I declare the global social space we are building to be naturally
independent of the tyrannies you seek to impose on us. You have no moral
right to rule us nor do you possess any methods of enforcement we have true
reason to fear.
Governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed. You
have neither solicited nor received ours. We did not invite you. You do not
know us, nor do  you know our world. Cyberspace does not lie within your
borders. Do not think that you can build it, as though it were a public
construction project. You cannot. It is an act of nature and it grows
itself through our collective actions.
You have not engaged in our great and gathering conversation, nor did you
create the wealth of our marketplaces. You do not know our culture, our
ethics, or the unwritten codes that already provide our society more order
than could be obtained by any of your impositions.
You claim there are problems among us that you need to solve. You use this
claim as an excuse to invade our precincts. Many of these problems don't
exist. Where there are real conflicts, where there are wrongs, we will
identify them and address them by our means. We are forming our own Social
Contract . This governance will arise according to the conditions of our
world, not yours. Our world is different.
Cyberspace consists of transactions, relationships, and thought itself,
arrayed like a standing wave in the web of our communications.  Ours is a
world that is both everywhere and nowhere, but it is not where bodies live.
We are creating a world that all may enter without privilege or prejudice
accorded by race, economic power, military force, or station of birth.
We are creating a world where anyone, anywhere may express his or her
beliefs, no matter how singular, without fear of being coerced into silence
or conformity.
Your legal concepts of property, expression, identity, movement, and
context do not apply to us. They are based on matter, There is no matter
Our identities have no bodies, so, unlike you, we cannot obtain order by
physical coercion. We believe that from ethics, enlightened self-interest,
and the commonweal, our governance will emerge . Our identities may be
distributed across many of your jurisdictions. The only law that all our
constituent cultures would generally recognize is the Golden Rule. We hope
we will be able to build our particular solutions on that basis.  But we
cannot accept the solutions you are attempting to impose.
In the United States, you have today created a law, the Telecommunications
Reform Act, which repudiates your own Constitution and insults the dreams
of Jefferson, Washington, Mill, Madison, DeToqueville, and Brandeis. These
dreams must now be born anew in us.
Your increasingly obsolete information industries would perpetuate
themselves by proposing laws, in America and elsewhere, that claim to own
speech itself throughout the world. These laws would declare ideas to be
another industrial product, no more noble than pig iron. In our world,
whatever the human mind may create can be reproduced and distributed
infinitely at no cost. The global conveyance of thought no longer requires
your factories to accomplish.
These increasingly hostile and colonial measures place us in the same
position as those previous lovers of freedom and self-determination who had
to reject the authorities of distant, uninformed powers. We must declare our
virtual selves immune to your sovereignty, even as we continue to consent to
your rule over our bodies. We will spread ourselves across the Planet so
that no one can arrest our thoughts.
We will create a civilization of the Mind in Cyberspace. May it be more
humane and fair than the world your governments have made before.
Davos, Switzerland
February 8, 1996
John Perry Barlow, Cognitive Dissident
Co-Founder, Electronic Frontier Foundation
Home(stead) Page: Message Service: 800/634-3542
It is error alone which needs the support of government.  Truth can
stand by itself.
                         --Thomas Jefferson, Notes on Virginia
Signers of the declaration of Independence of Cyberspace:
Andrew F. Daniels                                      Computing Specialist
                 Pager: (800) 958-4503
adaniels                                             andrew
statements made represent the views of the author and no other organization
         finger andrew for further details
PPP   A   TTTTT M   M   A   N   N
P  P A A    T   MM MM  A A  NN  N      Patrick C. Farabee
PPP  AAA    T   M M M  AAA  N N N
P   A   A   T   M M M A   A N  NN      pfarabee
P   A   A   T   M   M A   A N   N

@_date: 1996-02-20 00:50:43
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: RE: Windows 95 encryption shell extension 
I downloaded this, AND installed it.  It displays your password right on the screen!!!  No *s, no blind typing.  Anyone looking over ytour shoulder can see what you type as your passphrase!  Come on.
Brian Gorka
Key fingerprint =  ED 7D 78 7E 95 E8 05 01  27 01 A1 74 FA 4B 86 53

@_date: 1996-04-14 01:24:01
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: Hack MSN anyone? 
The names have been changed to protect the innocent...
I need say no more I'm sure.

@_date: 1996-12-06 14:11:27
@_author: Brian Gorka 
@_subject: CDA Again 
Supreme Court to hear Internet indecency case
December 6, 1996
Web posted at: 2:45 p.m. EST WASHINGTON (Reuter) -- The Supreme Court agreed Friday to hear a
landmark case on free-speech rights in cyberspace arising from a federal
law that effectively bans indecent material on the Internet global
computer network.
