
@_date: 1996-09-05 12:34:19
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: Re: Reputations 
That part of the "reputation capital" theory has always seemed
suspicious to me. "reputation capital" doesn't behave linearly. There's
too much incentive to bottom-feed and too little incentive to shoot for
the heights. As an "asset", it is extremely non-liquid. It is hard to
spend it in a controlled manner.
Too much incentive to bottom-feed:
For example, let's say there's someone well-known who frequently speaks
nonsense on crypto issues. We'll call her "Norothy Nenning". She makes a
recommendation on some particular crypto issue, say "The government's
Nipper chip is a safe and effective form of crupto". Plenty of naive
people will credit her to some degree. True, fewer people than if she
had carefully husbanded her reputation, and to a lesser degree, but
still a lot more than zero.
Notice that that's a zero cost/benefit ratio. She never does anything to
husband her reputation, she just spends it every chance she gets. And
while no single expenditure rewards her as much as it would if she made
the same expenditure with a good reputation, she spends so much more
freely that it is a good strategy for her on the whole.
"Reputation capital" is hard to spend down to absolute 0 because it is
significant work to distinguish valid "reputation capital" from
worthless counterfeit, and it is easy to counterfeit... just talk.
I anticipate the answer "Well, the work pays off". But that misses the
point. Frequently the work required to tell the good "reputation
capital" from the worthless is as much as would be required to find the
straight dope yourself.
Too little incentive to shoot for the heights:
Suppose you judge that you've accumulated twice as much "reputation
capital" as Joe. How do you get twice as much payoff? It seems to me
that above the threshhold of credibility, minor side issues make more
difference than your two-fold "reputation capital" differential.
As an "asset", it is extremely non-liquid:
How exactly would you "convert" your reputation into other capital?
Would you accept bribes and tell lies? Seems to me you would only get a
one-shot "conversion" and it couldn't possibly hope to equal your
As soon as you leave the information-broker business, you discover that
your "asset" cannot be converted, sold, auctioned off, or much of
anything else of value to you.
It is hard to spend it in a controlled manner:
See above. The single bribe-and-lie will spend your "reputation capital"
down to below the threshhold of credibility, no matter how much you
started with.
Human discourse often tends to be absolutist. It is often very difficult
to make people understand and retain a message of partial support or
qualified support. Particularly on hot issues. Restaurants, sure, you
can give 1 to 5 stars, but in many subject areas there is no such
system. And any system you yourself invent tends to be ignored.
So I think the latter part of the analysis is wishful thinking, or at
least restricted to a small subset of subject-matter.

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:31:51
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: Re: Reputations 
I have read it, a long time ago. Frankly, it's a spectacularly bad
example. He writes of the two child-protagonists gaining reputations as
great philosophers on a sort of Usenet. (At the time I believe OSC was a
member of Delphi, UNCLEORSON)
Look around on the real Usenet. OSC could not have been more wrong.
You don't seem to realize you are actually including at least one major
example of a counterfeit reputation here.
I speak of Siskel & Ebert, whom I have caught at least once giving a
strikingly dishonest review. I had seen the movie (See You In The
Morning) on opening day, before they reviewed it. It stunk. After the
credits rolled, the audience walked out in sullen silence, unable to
believe they had spent money to see it. Nobody in the entire audience
gave any sign of liking any part of the thing even a little bit. Whereas
they had been talkative and somewhat excited before it started. A few
days later, I saw S&E's review. One of them (Siskel, I think) raved and
raved about it. Perhaps he was the only person in the country who liked
it, but I don't believe that. He gave it a lengthy, raving thumbs-up.
Then the other (Ebert, I think) said "Well, I didn't like it as much as
you did", thumbs down, and *stopped*.
Conclusion: They knew it stunk, but for some reason I won't speculate on
they wanted to say they liked it so they misreported it, and covered
their butts with a review that would look mixed later but sound like a
rave now. I see a counterfeit reputation.
I'm tempted to tit-for-tat, but I will not refute your points by telling
you you just don't understand.
Fine, but resolving good vs counterfeit reputations takes time too.
How? I ask for something more specific than In The Future Everything
Will Be Done Right.

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:38:59
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: Re: Reputations 
I'm reading "It's shaky. Accept that." Fine, consider it accepted.
I don't think it is comparable to the market, simply because even the
more nebulous market exchanges (say, consultant-on-call) are much more
clearly defined.
I don't see how there can be such a thing as negative reputation
capital. Wouldn't that mean B believes the opposite of what A says? If
you anti-believed someone in a consistent manner, couldn't they exploit
Also, you are speaking only of 1-to-1 reputation-relationships. But that
is inefficient. The mere fact of having to evaluate each person's
reputation yourself is significant work.
On the other hand, you could talk about the transmission of reputations.
This seems more in line with what I understood "reputation" to mean, to
include some element of indirect knowledge. But that's mighty easy to
abuse and therefore mighty hard to trust.
For instance, when a certain infamously-low-reputation (deservedly so)
individual recently joined the cypherpunk lists, others who had endured
him in the past tried to relay their impressions of him. It proved very
difficult to convey, and they were somewhat attacked for their efforts
and not entirely believed.
In other words, he *could not* spend down to 0, despite years of
unflagging effort.
I can't dispute or agree with your mathematical model until we can agree
on more basic issues.
I'll accept your example, but I don't see how the numbers are
Well, how many people did J. Anonymous Gourmand reach, anyways?
Now, suppose J. Anonymous Gourmand spams all of Usenet, and millions of
people who have never heard of J. Anonymous Gourmand before read a
plausible but false account of the disgustingness of McDonald's food.
Perhaps the same detailed study, just fake. (Not to intertangle this
with other issues, let's further suppose that Ms. Gourmand sneaks in
underneath spam-watcher's radar, and cleverly appears to be on topic in
every group.)
Nothing about her reputation has changed, but surely when her claim is
read by millions it will hurt McDonalds a non-trivial amount.
Again, that doesn't mean the reputation was not a factor.
I don't think you are illustrating what you think you are.
Consider the American Sociological Association. Wouldn't you say its
reputation is equivalent to the American Heart Association's? Most
people would, I think. And various claims by ASA members have certainly
gotten as much press as anything the AHA has got. But the ASA winks at
severe violations of its Code Of Ethics and lets its members pursue
their Politically Correct agendas at the expense of science. They have
effectively counterfeited a reputation.
I've already made the points I wanted to make, so I may not have further

@_date: 1996-09-15 09:17:24
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well, this looks like a chance to quickly correct some mistakes without
spending a lot of time framing the issue.
..among people who directly know you. You seem to see this as an
example of reputations in action. But there isn't any "repute" in there
at all. Surely this grand theoretical "reputation" framework isn't
needed to describe simple direct experience.
And it seems to me that your usage of "reputation" has at different
times meant both direct and indirect exposure. This clearly discards
important information, often to the detriment of your analysis. Perhaps
you can explain why the two separate things are the same in some
important way, aside from merely that they both involve esteem.
I don't think this is an example of any such thing. I would not respect
a person even a tiny bit more just because a kook disrespects them. In
fact, since the kooks frequently hold each other in very low esteem, the
suggested polarity-math is self-contradictory.
Rather, I think this is an example of how direct exposure supercedes

@_date: 1996-09-15 09:31:41
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: Re: Reputation in action 
Well, this looks like a chance to quickly correct some mistakes without
spending a lot of time framing the issue.
..among people who directly know you. You seem to see this as an
example of reputations in action. But there isn't any "repute" in there
at all. Surely this grand theoretical "reputation" framework isn't
needed to describe simple direct experience.
And it seems to me that your usage of "reputation" has at different
times meant both direct and indirect exposure. This clearly discards
important information, often to the detriment of your analysis. Perhaps
you can explain why the two separate things are the same in some
important way, aside from merely that they both involve esteem.
I don't think this is an example of any such thing. I would not respect
a person even a tiny bit more just because a kook disrespects them. In
fact, since the kooks frequently hold each other in very low esteem, the
suggested polarity-math is self-contradictory.
Rather, I think this is an example of how direct exposure supercedes

@_date: 1996-09-25 18:47:35
@_author: Greg Burk 
@_subject: Not reputation again! (Was: The Nature of the Cypherpunks List) 
I know, I said I was through arguing "reputation theory" and I really
thought I was, but this latest impelled me to say more.
Indeed, your reputation needs no defenders among those of us who know
you directly (if electronically)
But here's something for you to think over: If there are such things as
negative reputations, why hasn't your reputation zoomed to godlike
status upon the ... let us say unreserved... condemnations of the
Poster With Nothing Better To Do, if s/he has a negative reputation (I
presume you would say so)
You could contend that his/her reputation is positive, but if that's
positive, what isn't? This would appear to concede my point.
You could contend that the Poster With Nothing Better To Do's reputation
is balanced precariously at exactly 0. I would find that a big stretch,
and as above, if that's 0, what's negative?
Or you could contend that there's no such thing as collective
reputation, but I think there are two major flaws: His/her 1-to-1
"reputations" clearly add up to a collective consensus among us annoyed
cpunk readers. Even if you contend that reputations in general do not
behave collectively, it is no defense in this case at least. And I think
if "reputation theory" predicts no collective behavior, it must be
pretty weak.
Because s/he can *never spend reputation down to zero*.
BTW, your example is reflected in politics too. A charge that goes
unanswered is assumed true by many. Just ask Michael Dukakis.
Frankly, I think you should just admit that your reputation theory is
flawed and rethink it. I would be interested in hearing it, but what you
have now is IMHO badly flawed.
