
@_date: 1996-05-18 15:58:45
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Edited Edupage, 9 May 1996 
:Yes, he is.  It is times like this that I must count myself among the
:pitchfork and torch wielding mob, if only because I have been cursed
:with a small amount of compassion for those who were not as lucky as I.
Compassion requires direction as well.  It seems as if you're suggesting
that your goals are laudable simply because they manifest compassion
regardless of their effectiveness.  The argument being made was that the
state is extraordinarily inefficient at providing education (unless you
consider west point education).  Of course it's entirely possible that you
don't believe the axiom "I am generous, I am morally superior, the rest of
you are narcissist selfish capitalist pigs.  I have feeling for the poor
and I want to help them any way I can, even if those methods are
ineffective".  But it doesn't sound like it.
Once again, the argument being made was regarding inefficiency, _not_
compassion or lack thereof.  I can have lots of compassion and still
believe that handing pink fluffy teddy bears out at street corners is
going to do anyone any good.
:BTW Mr. Avon, the reason we, the unruly mob of collectivists, socialists, and
:[insert libertarian/anarchist buzzword here] should stick a gun in your
:back and make you cough up money for education is because we can.  If you
:don't want to do so, they why don't _you_ move?  Are your feet cast in
:concrete blocks?
That argument can be made on a local level.  Not when there are federal
mandates requiring public schools and their funding by local govts.
Voting with you feet is a reasonable way to permit regional govts. to
compete with each other (like in Europe, or between the states).  People
only make as major a decison as moving from a large country like the US
if there is some extremely pressing need, genocide is a good candidate.
hostmaster * Trills 4 thrills * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can*
you believe?!"
          -- Bullwinkle J. Moose [Jay Ward]

@_date: 1996-05-23 17:11:11
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
:Pointing people at legitimate uses of anonymity, as various folks have
:suggested, is undoubtedly a good idea. Would anyone care to suggest a few
:newsgroups where the vast majority of anonymous posts have really good
:reasons for being so?
On certain political newsgroups (perhaps most noticeably in the
soc.culture.* heirarchy) it's common to see someone's views refuted
because they are identified with a particular interest group.  The
"result" of the argument is suspect simply because it may be considered
favourable to the author's interest-group, the (sometimes rigourous)
argument /justification is pushed aside in the rush to malign another's
contention.  Anonymity serves as a barrier for some of these conjecturous
refutations (though there is a loss of credibility associated with an
anonymous post as well).  In certain other cases, someone may wish to keep
their employer ignorant of their political beliefs.  Then there are all
the cases where one wishes to keep sexual-orientation (or anything else
considered private), membership in an organization from others. There is
no doubt that anonymity is an extremely valuable position to occupy (and
an important option to keep open for everyone).  Of course we tend to hear
of the "bad" uses to which remailers are put.
hostmaster * Trills 4 thrills * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
Anything labeled "NEW" and/or "IMPROVED" isn't.  The label means the
price went up.  The label "ALL NEW", "COMPLETELY NEW", or "GREAT NEW"
means the price went way up.

@_date: 1996-05-27 04:01:18
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Rawls, was RE: Children's Privacy Act. 
:	Most arguments on fairness ultimately come down to either appeals to
:gut instincts - not a valid argument - or philosophical ones, generally
:Rawls' Theory of Justice. That one has a problem. Rawls thought that the
:most just social system was that which a group of people would come up with
:when they didn't know what position they'd be in. This would lead to equality,
:since nobody'd want to be in the low position, right? Wrong. People can
:rationally take a chance. If you give someone a choice between gambling for
:(on the flip of a 50/50 coin) 150 or 0 dollars, and getting 50 dollars
:guaranteed, the rational choice is the gamble. In other words, if it is more
:efficient - as I have argued - for things to be unequal, then this idea of
:what justice is would argue for inequality being just.
I don't think that is exactly what Rawls was postulating (though I would
be the first to agree that Rawls' prose is exceptionally interpretable,
which I belive is a point in Rawls favour as a writer).  Rawlsian "Justice
as fairness" is based on the idea that a just system is one in which
people decide rules before they know what their starting positions are.
In a sense this is only taking the idea of a "disinterested/impartial
lawmaker" and putting it into another context.  What is perhaps more
fundamentally important about Rawls is his profound respect for contract
and expectations engendered by the contract, as evidenced in his argument
for the rules being laid down befor eht egame (in this case life as we
know it) begins.  I think this is why Hayek felt "A theory of Justice" was
not the text others thought it was (I haven't read Nozick's Anarchy, State
and Utopia as of yet, only bits of it).  In any case, I don't
really believe Rawls argued for an egalitarian system.  The two "rules" he
thinks will emerge from the "initial position behind the veil of
ignorance" are (pg. 60)
First; each person is to have an equal right to the most extensive basic
liberty compatible with a similar liberty for others.
Second: social and economic inequalities are to be arranged so that they
are both a) reasonably expected to be to everyone's advantage, and b)
attached to positions and offices open to all.
He goes on to say "While the distribution of wealth and income need not be
equal, it must be to everyone's advantage, and at the same time, positions
of authority and offices of command must be accessible to all.  .... These
principles are to be arranged in a serial order with the first principle
prior to the second.  This ordering means that a departure from the
institutions of equal liberty required by the first principle cannot be
justified by, or compensated for, by greater social and economic
advantages".   He then adds to the argument the concept of the difference
principle (pareto optimality in the final reckoning) and maximin
(maximizing the expectations/outcome of the person at the lowest rung of
the ladder).  About the difference principle Rawls says " it should be
observed that the difference principle, or the ideas expressed by it, can
easily be accomodated to the general conception of justice.  In fact, the
general conception is simply the difference principle applied to all
primary goods including liberty and opportunity".
I really don't see Rawls arguing strict egalitarianism in "A theory of
Justice".  Further, I believe the most important contribution made by this
book is the principle of the "veil of ignorance / initial position" as a
test for the fariness/justice of a particular system.  Rawls proposal is
simply his idea of what would result from the initial position (as you
poit out) and certainly we can come up with other equally acceptable
proposals.  But it is essential to read Rawls because he is so
interpretable, my own reading may be flawed.  In any case, Rawls is well
aware of the demands efficiency places on an egalitarian system (which it
is unable to meet) and does agree that inequality can be in everyone's
interest (i.e. spill-over's, for eg. because geniuses need incentives as
well as does the company that brings you your breakfast cereal).  As a
final quip, the result (in any particular game) of the question regarding
the gamble you proposed earlier depends almost entirely on the player's
aversion to risk.  Some among us (I'm sure) would be willing to take $50
in hand rather than $2million in the bush ;~)
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

@_date: 1996-05-27 03:46:19
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
I think an insight your analysis may benefit by is that certain
institutions/societal norms create incetives for "corrupt politicians".
Hayek argues against the "benevolent dictator" concept because he says no
gentle person would ever aspire to be a dictator.  The system itself calls
for people who are ruthless to take the reins.  A similar argument can be
made for the various functions of a modenr democracy (like the US).  It is
rarely that we hear of a considerate IRS auditor, or a principled
politician.  The structures themselves call for and promote those who (in
that an individual is more successful if they) are corrupt, power-hungry,
unprincipled and ruthless.
As for Assasination Politics, I can understand such proposals in jest.  I
too say things to appear controversial.  As a serious political structure,
however, it is reprehensible.  Murder cannot be condoned (as a pacifist,
the argument that politicians create wars and must be killed for that
reason does not hold much water for me) and the proponents of such systems
would do well to look more closely at the systemic ills rather than
individuals.  The argument that AP is an institutional dis-incentive for
"bad" representatives that offsets other incentives is problematic since I
do not believe the methods are just.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

@_date: 1996-05-27 07:05:53
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:Which means that attempting to clean up the system by half-measures is
:doomed to failure, wouldn't you say?
The exception I took to your proposal was that it seemed like a
half-measure to me.  From what I understand of it the porposal is that
elected officials who "do wrong" (or violate a particular code of conduct)
should be killed.  I would suggest that this is problematic because it
does nothing to solve the ills of the system, simply clears those players
whom a particular set of people do not believe are playing fairly/well.
:fundamental.  Admittedly, it is still a bit scary, because of the depth of
:its changes, but that does not make it wrong!
Yes we do have fear the unfamiliar.
I'm not sure I'd accept the claim that millions of offenders (I too find
drug laws stifling, illogical and counter to the liberal ideal) are put in
jail, deprived of their freedom by a particular set of people.  Drug laws
are a reflection of the opinions held by many people in this country (and
others), of course we wonder sometimes whether people have really thought
about it or whether the "just say no" jingle was too irresistable, and the
concept of "a war on drugs" another tool to define outsiders against whom
to band against and maintain a cohesive identity.  And the manner in which
Americans (and indeed other peoples) have been whipped into fervour by
the rhetoric that accompanies a war is truly frightening.  But I reall
don't think killing a few Presidents or Joint Chiefs of Staff or Prime
Ministers will solve this (or anything).  It seems as if you were trying
to say that AP is acceptable because similar methods are employed by the
state all the time.  I will not defend the coercive actions of the state,
but I do not believe they give one the right to coerce others, especially
if they are removed from the actual act.
:Then you need to learn to be more consistent.  While you may, indeed, be a
:pacifist, most of the rest of us see nothing wrong with the concept of
:self-defense.  You may argue as to what's really self-defense and what
:isn't,  but the reality is that government engages in violence and the
:threat of violence regularly.  Are you, by your statements, implicitly
:tolerating violence by government that you wouldn't tolerate from
:individuals?  It is easy to fall into such a trap.
But self-defense is not conductive either.  To bring a rather fascinating
example into this, in the 70s a group of students occupied a variety of
buildings at NYU in protest against the Cambodian war.  They set a bomb
in our computing center that was defused just before it blew.  But if it
had detonated it would have destroyed a rather large computer (used for
pure mathematical problems that the Dept. of Defense wished to
incorporate into its Nuclear program) and a number of people standing
outside the building.  The rationale used was that this was
"self-defense", the people of the world were banding together to protect
each other from the actions of the state.  While I sympathize with the
feelings that led the activists to take such measures, I have no respect
for their methods or the reasoning they employed to extend the argument
for self-defense into a situation that had nothing to do with
No, I do not wish to condone the coercive actions of the state (and
certainly not any violent ones), and certainly we all take exception to
one or another act of the government machine.  Incidentally, I do not
believe the state has the right to take life in the quest for justice
(aka the death penalty).  A war against a foreign threat can be justified
on grounds of self-defense.
:>and the proponents of such systems would do well to look more closely
:>at the systemic ills rather than individuals.
:Why?  Isn't it possible that it is not possible to reform a system because
:embedded within it is a fundamental flaw which makes real freedom
:impossible?  The current system is heirarchically structured, and results in
:situations where millions die in the place of the very few.  I'd say that's
:a serious, systemic flaw that needs fixing.
- From what I've gathered of AP, it attempts no radical reformation of "the
system", simply adds another set of costs for individuals within the govt.
to take into account.  I don't think you're proposing a "true democracy"
or absolute anarchy (without all the conotations of disorder, simply
no-government), but rather a vigilante clause, I may have misunderstood
you though.  A minimalist state is generally considered desireable as it
provides a framework within which individuals can engage in mutually
beneficial interactions with each other.  Our present structures do not
"work" very well (though they have their redeeming factors when compared
to other alternatives) and I'd say we need a greater degree of respect for
personal liberty and individualism than is manifest in our institutions
today, but these changes take place on a level very different from that of
govt.  the state is almost powerless when it comes to these metamorphoses
in opinion.  They take place through tradition and the spread of ideas not
through legislation.  The alternative I would suggest is an appreciation
for the minimalist state (with the observation that there are some things
the state does do very well, and which are desireable) and the liberty of
the individual.  Similarly a respect for life is in order, too often we
think we're absolutely right and believe we should use "any means
necessary" (no reflection on the misunderstood philosophy of Malcolm X)
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

@_date: 1996-05-27 06:28:24
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:How "removed" do they have to be to be innocent, in your opinion?
If they didn't pull the trigger or give the order, they're innocent.
Making these criteria any laxer will cause problems as more and more
people are drawn into the category of offenders, pretty soon you're the
only victim, everyone else is out there to steal from you or assist in the
:Nuclear bomb design.  Done with funds stolen from taxpayers.  Done to
:protect the leadership of this country, not the public.
Pure mathematics as far as the people working at the lab were concerned.
You really think if the receptionist had died, it would have been
self-defense?  A couple of kids died in computer labs at other schools
where this happened, they were there feeding punched cards into the
machines.  Somehow that doesn't sound right to me.
:And isn't it immoral for George Bush, for instance, to choose a solution
:that results in the deaths of tens of thousands of comparatively innocent
:Iraqis, both during and after the Gulf war, rather than bumping off Saddam
:Hussein?  Think about it.  Exactly why does he do the former, rather than
:the latter?
And the Iranian leaders really think Clinton is an ungoldy kafir for
meeting Rushdie the apostate.  Why not kill him, after all various
Americans have suggested this is a valid tactic?  Your methods will be
used for ends you do not agree with.  From what I've learnt of the Gulf
war (I was reading most of the time, kept away from the TV), they did try
very hard to kill Sadaam Hussein, but got nowhere.  As is apparent,
political leaders value their own lives more than they do those of the
foot-soldiers.  Many among the foot-soldiers belive their lives would be
"brutish, nasty and short" without the mechanism of the state and are
willing to defend it and those who currently operate the machine.  Of
course George Bush I don't trust at all because the man was practically
glowing during "his war", anyone who enjoys a war, revels in it, is not
someone I admire, respect, or even talk to.  However, when you propose
that we kill this person, I'm not going to stand with you either.  Rest
assured, there will be many others waiting to take his place when he is
killed, and some of them will spell potato like the English feudal lords
:>- From what I've gathered of AP, it attempts no radical reformation of "the
:>system", simply adds another set of costs for individuals within the govt.
:>to take into account.
:"Another set of costs"?  Yikes!  Read the essay, governments as we know them
:can't possibly survive post-AP.
Oh no, I think they will survive post AP.  The odds are quite high that
the people who are convinced to act on the AP philosophy will be branded
terrorists and become the objectives of many witch hunts the world over.
The IRA has a bad rep, though most sympathize with their cause.  And they
engender Thatchers, or others who are convinced of their "rightness" and
can only get to those posts by making public their convictions and gaining
some sympathy from the populace.  The fact that their targets, and know it
but still do not waver, makes them heroes in many eyes.
:Well, I disagree.  Until recently, public opinion was almost entirely
:manufactured.  It was a joint project of the government and the news media.
I too think Chomsky has perceptive vision when it comes to the media.
:Is there any significant likelihood that the people in power today will
:relinquish power absent a system such as AP?  I'm not optimistic about that.
No, noone "relinquishes" power.  They fight to keep it, but the struggle
does not always have to be violent, and it hurts our cause to instigate
violence when none has been used directly against us.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

@_date: 1996-05-27 13:24:22
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:Qualitatively, perhaps.  But quantitatively, no.  I think that blame for any
:given situation or government behavior will be distributed in a reasonably
:fair fashion, with those directly responsible for abuse becoming "dead meat"
:while those on the periphery only marginal targets.  Your generous
:interpretation of their guilt is certainly not binding on me.   And in any
:case the fact that the people involved will usually be able to resign will
:be a logical "out."
Nor is your generous interpretation of the guilt of of hte peripheral
binding on those who do not like them for whatever reason.  Your
suggestion is that open season be declared on those who work for the state
(or are the state).  Your claim is that one has to satisfy everyone
(or the small minority that is unsatisfied might come out and kill you)
andd the only way that will happen is when there is no state at all.  Of
course there are those who fervently believe in the socialist ideal and
would probably feel justified in killing the do nothing libertarians (as
opposed to old-style liberals, i.e. minimalists) who ostensibly form the
state.  For them, inaction might be sufficient cause to initiate an AP
campaign.  Now what happens if one group feels another group's AP campaign
is directly hurting their interests (for a smaller/larger state).  Isn't
there the possibility that they will begin to assign to the other's AP
leaders the status of the state (after all their AP campaign is
determining the nature of the state, and we can begin a reverse AP
campaign on them to halt that).  The ideal of the minimalist state permits
an out clause, so the socialists (or anyone who wants a paternal govt.)
can form their own little community with their state acting as mother.  If
you envision "resigning" as a means of escaping being the target of AP,
you must be aware that we don't forgive easily and there will be groups
who wish to kill politicos who've "ruined our lives because of what they
did x years ago".  If those who begin AP campaigns on "retired" govt.
employees will be "playing unfairly" and your system has a clause to
tackle them, I can see a group using a succession of politicos (each of
whom gains amnesty by retiring after a bit) to accomplish what they wish
:I agree.  Which is why I'd much prefer a method to preferentially target a
:relatively smaller number of people, and I've invented (discovered?) just
:such a system.  Why not let it work?
I'd prefer a system that doesn't "target" people at all.
:Why not kill those Iranian leaders, using AP?  And if you're afraid they'll
:retaliate against "our" leaders, I see nothing wrong with that, either.
:It's the leaders who maintain the dispute.
Sure, and suppose the option is that there be no dispute at all.  So
Rushdie (or you or I) becomes the sacrifical lamb, precisely because the
"leaders" value their own lives, but ostensibly to kill the "dispute" in
the bud.  One of the fundamental principles of justice is that it be
comensurate (in some sense) to the crime, AP lacks that aspect.  "Final
solutions" are all it has, but final solutions aren't always desireable.
:Hey, I realized that long ago!  But I'm not under any illusion that this
:system can be molded to conform to my wishes alone:  If I could, I'd become
:a dictator and the cycle of tyranny would continue.
The question is not one of becoming a dictator, but rather one of what
values will be protected, what freedoms will people have in the
world/state you imagine.  I think the values AP engenders are not the ones
we want.  We probably don't want to legitimize murder.  It's difficult to
operate in a vacuum of principles/values, we can't simply say, "well
whatever people will want to happen will happen and why not give them that
choice".  Marx was not the first to poitn out that institutions influence
our actions, that we are products of our times, that the choices we face
are as much determined by our own preferences as they are by the world
around us.  AP will create an environment where, I believe, an
undesireable set of options will be presented to each of us.  This is
the "outcome" argument, i.e. undesireable ends, the means themselves are
:The only reason there might be "many others waiting to take his place" is
:that assassination is actually a rare event.  Make it easily accomplished,
:and who would want to take any politician's place?
Only the fanatic
:It isn't that it "has to" be violent.  Resignation is always an option.
:Problem is, they don't want to give up their positions of power.
You've heard about the elections where libertarian candidates ran for
office with the objective of doing away with the office if they were
elected.  I believe one such candidate won the election and came through
on his promise.
:That depends entirely on what your definition of instigating violence really
:is.  I happen to believe that the act of collecting taxes, involuntarily, IS
:the "instigation of violence" even if the victim gives up his assets without
:a fight, if there is the prospect of eventual violence should he refuse to
:cooperate.  Until you see this, you'll have a warped view of the propriety
:of AP, not to mention the libertarian non-initiation of force  principle.
As I've said, the minimalist state is desireable in my opinion.  The most
efficient system of taxation is the truly flat tax (i.e. a fixed amount
for each individual), since each person derives aprox. equivalent benefits
from the minimalist state, their contributions are also equal.  Each of us
derives some benefits from the existence of the state, some of these
benefits are non-exclusionary.  Till these benefits are dependent on
territory and jurisdiction taxation of those who reside within the
jurisdiction/territory will have to be enforced.  You must of course, be
aware of the medieval practice of making an offender an "outlaw", i.e. not
under the protection of any laws.  These outlaws were then fair game for
anyone.  When we have arrived at the point where the free-rider problem
does not exist for things like national defense (i.e the shields won't
exist over your property, and you'll enforce your ownership of it
yourself) you will have the option (once again) of becoming an outlaw.  I
don't think it's going to be very pretty.  To bring up another subject, we
make compromises.  I personally find socialists endearing and am willing
to make certain compromises to live with them amicably.  AP will draw
battle-lines that will make such associations extremely hard to maintain.
I'd rather not be the member of a "group" and have that membership/taint
dictate the degree to which I can associate with a particular set of
people.  AP, in providing "final solutions", will bring about a state of
affairs where the actions of a particular group (which they think are
legitimate and do not run counter to the rules of the game) will be
unacceptable for another group and the "finality" of these actions will
create rifts.  Violence does not beget peace.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5

@_date: 1996-05-27 14:09:24
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:How would you qualify the seizing of 50+ % of our productive work?
:Are you telling that giving your wallet to a mugger is not done under
:violence directed against you since he did not shoot you or beat you
:in the first place?  Do you tell me that the fact that he did not use
:his gun means that there is no violence implied?
:Under every pile of red-tape lies a fully loaded gun.  And *this* is
:what gives govt employees their attitude toward you.
It is quite obvious that the state enforces taxation via coercion, whether
that coercion always takes the form of "your money or your life" is
doubtful, more often it involves the threat of incarceration rather than
death.  The (supposed) difference between taxation and robbery is that one
is ostensibly deriving some benefit from taxation (i.e. even if it is used
for welfare, the argument is this is some sort of insurance scheme in that
you would derive some benefits if unemployed, we believe unemployment
insurance should be voluntary but that's another matter).  Of course the
state is inefficient and taxes do not always go where they are meant to,
but it is difficult to sustain an analogy between a mugging and taxation.
A money laundering scheme is probably much more appropriate (ironic
because we only launder money to pacify the state), you must appreciate
the subtlety of taxation.  You might very well believe that taxation is
robbery, and everyone else who reads Reason might agree with you, but the
rest of the world is not about to look at this in the same way, and you
hurt your cause by the rhetoric.  Most people, quite rightly in my
opinion, believe taxes are necessary and that collecting them forcefully
is the only option available to us.  The minimalist state will probably
have an "out" clause and you will be able to go out "into the woods" and
set up your own little libertarian (or anarcho-capitalist) commune with
all the others who believe all taxation is robbery, and you'll probably be
able to keep your Uzi to guard yoruself against your neighbours as well
(good luck).  I'll be happy with a state-run law enforcement agency (of a
form different from the one we have today of course).
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5

@_date: 1996-05-27 16:37:59
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:But it wouldn't matter.  They wouldn't know who to target, and the people
:wanting to form a state have an inherent disadvantage against those who do
:not:  The act of forming the state identifies them.
Real world anonymity is difficult to buy, and actions such as murder (or
what you'd like to call "self-defense") take place in the real world.
:It doesn't work like that.  The act of formation of a state inevitably calls
:attention to oneself.  The act of opposing that formation does not.  AP is
:"biased," as it were, against centralized, organized political structure
:that arouses the ire of even a tiny fraction of the population.  A person
:who dedicates himself to ELIMINMATING the state, and does so anonymously, is
:difficult or impossible to target.
I'd expect a realization of AP to promote a great backlash from a variety
of quarters.  Such methods, besides being unethical, are probably going to
be used as fodder to infringe the liberties of others.  In other words, a
witch-hunt will result, AP advocates marginalized (if they are
discovered).  My original reservations, on the grounds of unjust means
still stand, maybe we can return to this discussion sometime later.
:No, the donations will be made against those people who are actually seen by
:the people as the real problem.  In an "AP-world," there would be no
:"Islamic leaders" to call for Rushdie's death.  True, if an author like
:Rushdie said or wrote something that really angered a substantial number of
:people, they might individually be aroused enough to target him, but that is
:far less likely than ire directed by an Islamic leader today, I think.
"Religious" fanatics have great appeal, I don't think even AP will make
them "go away", the odds are they'll become martyrs.  And we know where
that takes us.
:I (and others) have predicted that there will indeed be "court systems" in
:place, although they will be numerous, competing, and voluntary, which will
:turn most offenses into crimes punishable by fines.  That will adjust the
:punishment to the crime, in most people's opinions.
I wasn't talking about the legal system in an AP world, but the idea that
AP is justice in some sense.  Incidentally, a purely civil law court is
what I'd like as well, and competing courts and arbitration systems sound
good to me.
:No "values will be protected," except those that the individuals in society
:choose to be protected.
:>  Marx was not the first to poitn out that institutions influence
:>our actions, that we are products of our times, that the choices we face
:>are as much determined by our own preferences as they are by the world
:>around us.  AP will create an environment where, I believe, an
:>undesireable set of options will be presented to each of us.  This is
:>the "outcome" argument, i.e. undesireable ends, the means themselves are
The answer (in some sense) to your second statement is contained in the
little section I wrote earlier.  It's an institutional argument.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE

@_date: 1996-05-28 03:21:58
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
:Since you said yourself that the actual govt will *never* relinquish
:power, I find that statement a bit of a contradiction.
Asking someone to "relinquish" is not the only manner in which a change is
effected.  BTW, I have no problem with your proposals for voluntary
insurance, health etc. schemes.  In fact a minimalist state assumes all of
that.  You might want to read up on what classical liberalism is andd what
a minimalist state implies before you spout Rand.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
A fool must now and then be right by chance.

@_date: 1996-05-28 14:33:28
@_author: Subir Grewal 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
[NOTE: I'm going to be going away later this week and network connectivity
will probably be intermittent for a month.  I'll have to unsubscribe to
Cypherpunks sometime soon.  Which is why I suggested we continue this
another time.]
:> Of course there are those who
:> fervently believe in the socialist ideal
:But, my dear, even in the most libertarian or AP-ruled world, they
:would absolutely free to give away *all* of their salary for the
:causes they consider valid.  Only, thoses who don't agree with them
:would not be coerced into thoses noble causes.
Socialists aren't really interested in "giving away money" to a particular
cause.  To put it in crude terms, they're interested in taking your money
(and that of others) to create a socialist (read collectivist) society.
To believe that socialists will be content in a liberal world because
philanthropy is not illegal is to misunderstand socialism completely.
:This paragraph seems to indicate that the only difference between
:libertarians and socialist is a mere difference of opinion and that
:everybody is justified to act on their beliefs.  But the socialists
:who pretend that are simply blanking out the fact that *they too*
:recognize that Reality Is since they want to use force to get a
:lunch out of the mouth of somebody who have one (and who happened to
:produce it himself) to put it in the mouth of another who didn't
:have.  Therefore, it is OK to deny reality when somebody come up
:with arguements against socialism, but it is darn convenient to use
:it (in the form of a loaded gun...)
Nope, the socialists don't believe they're taking "lunch out of someone's
mouth".  They believe they are creating a communitarian society where
there is no decadence, and each of us gets an approximately equal amount.
"progressive" taxation exists because socialists believe those who have
more (have taken more from society, benefited more from the infrastructure
of the state etc.) should put more into the communitarian pot.  That this
does not work in a society with any degree of freedom (and esp. a
democracy) is difficult to get through to socialists.  Most of them
believe that democracy, freedom and a socilist structure (read public
ownership of the means of production) are compatible with each other.
- From all evidence, they are sadly mistaken.
:Oh, you mean, "for them, anybody who pass a judgment of his own that
:contradict them should be killed"  I see...
Glad you noticed that.  Now tell me how AP for any other cause is
:> Marx was not the first to poitn
:> out that institutions influence our actions, that we are products of
:> our times, that the choices we face are as much determined by our
:> own preferences as they are by the world around us.
:Well, of course, our perception of reality is context dependent.  But
:you seems to attempt to hint that truth is relative because knowledge
:is contextual.  It looks like an attempt on reason.
The statement I made has absolutely jack-shit to do with "truth".  It's
simply a comment on the insidious nature of institutions and how it may be
easy to ignore the variety of effects they may have.
:I think that by the nature of AP, this would be ruled out.  Maybe
:there would be a fanatic president, but he would preside nothing
:because nobody would be there to enforce his fanatic views.
That depends.  If enough people believe the AP tactics are threatening
they may support a rigid state that cracks down on AP groups in a
totalitarian fashion.  It may be possible to prevent this, but the only
way I can see it happening is if there is a greater level of
class-consciousness promoting a view of politicos and bureaucrats as
"them".  Till kids dream of becoming president I doubt it's about to
On income taxes, one of the most fundamental oppositions to income taxes
when they were first introduced was on privacy grounds.  It seemed to be a
gross invasion of privacy to have someone else know exactly how much you
were earning and from where.  I wish more people today looked at it in the
same manner.  Other objections include interference with the pricing
mechanism and incentives.
hostmaster * Symbiant test coaching * Blue-Ribbon * Lynx 2.5
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
