
@_date: 1998-08-19 00:20:00
@_author: Tim Griffiths 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
and then Bernardo replied to John Perry's troll, err, offer of help...
I reckon that one gets my vote...:)
Tim G
Tim Griffiths                   griffith
Center for Submicron Research   Weizmann Institute of Science   (972)-8-934-2736
Rehovot 76100 Israel
PGP Public key available - finger tim
The real value lies not in what I say or do,
but in your reaction to it.  -DF

@_date: 1998-10-21 20:57:00
@_author: Tim Griffiths 
@_subject: Women cannot commit rape? 
French Supreme Court rules that women cannot commit rape
Copyright (c) 1998 Nando.net
Copyright (c) 1998 Reuters News Service
PARIS (October 21, 1998 06:38 a.m. EDT  -
Supreme Court ruled on Wednesday that women are unable to commit the
crime of
rape because they cannot sexually penetrate men.
"The material element of the crime of rape is only realized if the
commits the act of sexual penetration on the person of the victim," it
said in
its judgment.
The court, known as the Cour de Cassation, overturned a lower court
that Catherine Maillard could be tried for rape on charges of forcing
underage stepson to have sex with her repeatedly between 1986 and 1992.
Maillard could only be tried for "aggravated sexual aggression" against
boy, while his father Michel Deloisy had to be tried for "moral
abandonment of
a child" instead of the original charge of "complicity in aggravated
the court said.
With its judgment, the court seemed to contradict an earlier ruling it
in December 1997 saying that forcing someone to perform oral sex act was
legally equivalent to rape.
Tim Griffiths                   griffith
Center for Submicron Research   Weizmann Institute of Science   (972)-8-934-2736
Rehovot 76100 Israel
PGP Public key available - finger tim
The real value lies not in what I say or do,
but in your reaction to it.  -DF

@_date: 1998-10-21 21:01:34
@_author: Tim Griffiths 
@_subject: UK police chase crooks on CCTV 
The Associated Press via The Wash. Post, Oct 17, 1998
Chasing Crooks on Closed Circuit TV
.ht ml
LONDON (AP) -- An ``intelligent'' computer system that uses closed
circuit television to match faces in a crowd to mug shots of known
criminals is likely to become London's latest weapon against crime.
Scotland Yard and a local council have installed the $100,000 CCTV
system on a trial basis in Newham, a poor district in London's East End.
Newspapers reported Thursday that the computer system, called Mandrake,
is linked to 144 CCTVs in Newham's shopping centers, railway stations
and car parks and can scan up to 150 faces at a time and compare them
with a database of criminals stored on a computer at the council's
If there is a match between a face in the crowd and a known criminal,
the computer alerts a monitoring team in the town hall, who in turn
alert the police.
Civil liberties groups said they were alarmed by the new system, but
police defended its use.
``The only people entered on to the system will be convicted criminals
who, through our intelligence, we believe are habitually committing
crimes in the area,'' The Daily Mail quoted police Chief Superintendent
Dave Armond as saying. ``If people are not committing crime they have
nothing to fear, but if they are among the small minority who are, the
message is, 'We are watching out for you.'''
The newspaper reported that police initially will use the system to
concentrate on catching robbery suspects. In the future, however, it
could be used to search crowds for hooligans who stir up trouble at
soccer matches.
CCTV's developer, Software and Systems International, says the system is
accurate enough to discern people hiding behind make-up or eye glasses.
And growing a beard won't help either, the company says.
Britain has 150,000 close circuit television cameras. While most Britons
appear happy the devices are being used to tackle crime, civil liberties
groups oppose both the cameras and the facial matching.
``The accuracy of facial mapping like this is limited. You only need a
handful of photographs of celebrities to see how different the same
people can look in different pictures,'' the Mail quoted Liz Parratt,
spokeswoman for Liberty, a civil rights group, as saying. ``Even if you
did have a system which worked, it would have to be regulated very
carefully to protect people's privacy.''
 \ Copyright 1998 The Associated Press
Tim Griffiths                   griffith
Center for Submicron Research   Weizmann Institute of Science   (972)-8-934-2736
Rehovot 76100 Israel
PGP Public key available - finger tim
The real value lies not in what I say or do,
but in your reaction to it.  -DF

@_date: 1998-12-06 22:31:05
@_author: Tim Griffiths 
@_subject: Re: Aharonov-Bohm Effect 
What do you actually want explaining? Although the magnetic field is
zero along the paths traveled (so that electrons never feel the magnetic
field and the Lorentz force that affects a moving charge in one), the
potential field is not, and is different for the two paths. This causes
AB-effect. See, for example G.Baym, 'Lectures on Quantum Mechanics'
(Benjamin, NY, 1969) page 77-79.
Yup, one of the best being N.Osakabe et al, Physics Review A, v34, page
I think you have that the wrong way round - the state of Q. dots is
easy to measure, and so if you put a QD in one arm of an Aharonov-Bohm
interferometer, then measuring the state of the dot allows you know
which path an electron took. If you know that, the wavefunction of
the electron collapses to include just one path, so there is no
Eyal Buks et al demonstrated this last year - as they increased the
sensitivity of the probe to measure the occupancy of the quantum dot,
the Aharonov-Bohm oscillations in what was classical a separate
system died away.
If you want more details, I'll be happy to explain more. Maybe we should
take it off-list, though, as I seem to have accidently included
references and an informed opinion in my reply, rather than a bigoted
As for relevance, it is left as an exercise for the reader to work out
why it might be useful to in principle measure fluctuations in a
field which is heavily screened, and it's application to cryptography
Tim Griffiths                   griffith
Center for Submicron Research   Weizmann Institute of Science   (972)-8-934-2736
Rehovot 76100 Israel
 'I have sat and listened to the arguments of men,
  and I tell you they are shallow movements in space
  tied to reality only by the ego of their minds.' -DF

@_date: 1998-12-08 18:23:42
@_author: Tim Griffiths 
@_subject: Re: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin  Walls 
1. What is the point of the obfuscation? If it's not legal to do it
openly, then it's certainly not legal to hide the fact your doing it.
"The accused did it in such a way as to demonstrate that he was aware
of it's illegality".
2. By your example, you could also take a cruise missile apart, and
ship each part separately. After all, none of it is actually a missile.
However I 'export' PGP from the US, I'm exporting it, even if I have a
web site for each bit, 0 or 1 being determined by whether Clinton has
a cigar or not in a posted picture.
Yes, the law is inconsistent (let alone stupid). Not, I wouldn't want
to try this and expect to be immune from prosecution.
Tim G
Tim Griffiths                   griffith
Center for Submicron Research   Weizmann Institute of Science   (972)-8-934-2736
Rehovot 76100 Israel
 'I have sat and listened to the arguments of men,
  and I tell you they are shallow movements in space
  tied to reality only by the ego of their minds.' -DF
