
@_date: 1993-08-21 12:17:36
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Some idle comments on speech over data... 
A little bit of context first, since this message is going out to two
lists to save me explaining things twice:  I posted on the cypherpunks
list recently about a little hardware hack I had planned, asking for
technical help (which I received - thanks, to those of you who sent
schematics etc!)
I also received a few mails from people who didn't know the background
to what I was doing, who thought it was a fairly worthless exercise.
So rather than explain again to everyone individually, I'll make this
post to cypherpunks for everyone who is interested.
Now, there's a second list I'm on - netphone - which was
set up some time ago as a discussion group for people working on various
independent projects to do with speech over data, mainly so that we
could get together and swap notes.  The group went rather quiet a few
months back after a post from Henning Schulzrinne telling us about
nevot - a speech over internet project, that seemed pretty well advanced -
so we all thought 'fine, this is being taken care of, there's less
urgency for us to hack something in a hurry'.
Also at the time there was a lot of talk about various people working
on secure speech over modems using either the Zyxel modem with built-in
codec, or using soundblaster cards.  Unfortunately none of the people
working in this area would stand up and be counted - all you'd hear
would be pgp mail saying 'don't worry, it's happening, be cool, shut up,
and don't rock the boat in public...' - for some reason the guys on
this project seemed more paranoid than most.  (The netphone group by
the way was about *voice* over *net* - if someone happened to add
encryption later, fine, but it wasn't in the groups stated goals,
so we were all pretty open about what we were doing ourselves...)
As far as i can see, nothing has actually happened on any of those
secret projects - i suspect the problems were too difficult, or the
kids doing them were just all talk.
Anyway, nevot looked like the way things were going to happen - except
that when you actually fetched the code, you discovered that unless you
had hardware support, none of the sound compression schemes gave
good enough performance for real-time speech over v32bis, especially
since you also had the overhead of slip or ppp.  And it was *very much*
a Unix program, it'll take a long time to port it to DOS I suspect, yet
DOS (unfortunately, but it's a fact of life) is what most of the
harware out there is running... - very few of us can afford high-powered
private sparcs, or 64K comms, which is what nevot et al need.  (by 'et al',
I actually mean Van Jacobson's 'vt', though I haven't actually seen that
program yet, if it exists; I'm not sure of any other compressed-speech
over net programs.  'netfone' isn't compressed and needs an ethernet)
So, the situation is that we have a nice bit of research done on protocols
and necessary housekeeping stuff like network lag recovery etc, and
silence detection, but no systems that run on cheap hardware or v32bis
modems, which many more of us have access to than networked unices.
Well, one big problem now seems to be solved: Tony Robinson (on the
netphone list; don't think he's a cypherpunk - pops up in comp.speech
now and then) has written a new piece of ADPCM code with some new
algorithms of his own, and he gets 8 bit sample -> 3 bits of compression
with it, which is pretty damn good, but even better than that it's
*fucking fast*... - orders of magnitude faster than real-time.  Anyone
who has played with the GSM 'toast' program or the CELP demo thats
around somewhere will appreciate what that means...
And of course the compression is sampling rate independent.  So I reckon
that taking something like /dev/audio's 8000s/sec and just averaging successive samples down to 4000s/sec will give us a baud rate that
fits very nicely into v32bis, thank you very much.  And I know that
4000s/sec is adequate for speech because I've run experiments and tried
it - trivial linear interpolation between samples to scale it back up
to 8000s/sec, and out to /dev/audio, is perfectly intelligible.  Not
*great*, but intelligible.
I've passed this info on to Henning for nevot, if he's willing to try
it, though I haven't received a reply.  It's quite possible one of us
is having mail problems.  If there are any other nevot hackers here,
and you want to have a go yourself, Tony's code is available from
I really urge anyone experimenting with sound compression to try it.
Now, the next news: I told cypherpunks that my old uncle, who was
an *electrical* engineer in the coal mines (ie high voltage stuff etc)
is now taking night classes in electronics, just for fun - and was
talking with me recently about suggestions for projects for his
class... they're a bit short of ideas, and I'm *never* short of ideas :-)
[so far they've been doing silly stuff like doorbell chimes, or a
detector for finding mains cables in walls]
So I suggested that he builds a cheap sound sampler that I can plug
into the netphone project...
Well, lots of people wrote to me saying that this was wasted effort
since a mass-market solution should be based on available kit like
a soundblaster.  To which I don't disagree - it should, and it will;
it's just that the old guy is going to build *something* and I'd
rather it was useful.  [Thanks to all the people who suggested
various ISDN codecs by the way, and gave info on driving PC ports -
any more info is still welcome.  Faxes of datasheets wouldn't go
amiss either! - it's hard for me to get that sort of stuff...]
*but*... the scheme I'm going to use this sampler in *is* amenable
to a mass-market solution.  The netphone people have heard this
already, but here it is again for the cypherpunks:
<<<< start of repost from netphone list from 3 or 4 months ago:
: OK, here's the philosophy... we should have separate bits of hardware for
: each identifiable task, and string them together like unix pipes. That way
: we minimise CPU overhead *and* allow any individual task to be replaced
: by any hardware/software combination we already have that does the job.
: : Specifically, I'm thinking of this:
: : A) A cheap digitiser as suggested earlier.  This has a mic socket for your
: average cheap microphone as with any cassette recorder, and a parallel port
: output that's compatible with bi-directional printer ports such as the one
: on the IBMPC.  In the middle is an a2d.  Maybe uLaw, maybe not.
: : B) We have a compression board that has a parallel input port (getting data
: from the above) and a serial output port.  In the middle is either a CPU
: or custom hardware.  Doesn't matter.
: : C) We have a crypto board which has a serial input port and a serial output
: port.  In the middle is a CPU.  Almost anything will do.
: : With these, we can build any system we like.  The three products are
: independent, thus letting us develop them in parallel, and (C) is probably
: just your own computer anyway.  If you've got a really beefy CPU, all three
: might be real unix software pipes...
: : The compression board can be either a micro running ADPCM (like shorten V2)
: or a DSP as discussed.  I'd say we try both - you now have *all* the spec
: you need to build it: centronix interface parallel in, taking bytes at
: 8000/sec, and rs232 out, writing data at 9600bps. (leaving bandwidth for
: network layer over v32bis slip or ppp...)  Again, if you have a spare
: machine, you could simply use a PC for this task as well.  Would have to be
: your best one, but fast 486's will cope with some of the good compression
: schemes mentioned.
: : The crypto board is an optional extra that doesn't affect the design of the
: rest of the system at all and needn't be discussed.  If you're a PC user and
: don't have the CPU for crypto as well as everything else you're doing, borrow
: another PC and have it run as a filter reading from COM1 and writing to
: COM2...  PCs are cheap and lying around all over the place.  Or *any* old
: computer you have with two serial ports.  An Amiga or whatever old junk
: you thought you'd never use again...
: : So, in summary: you could implement this with existing kit *now* using
: 1 average sparc for the 8000K samples, one good PC for the high-quality
: compression, and one average PC for a crypto filter.  Then feed the output
: into your internet machine (in my case, another PC talking SLIP down a
: v32bis modem)   ...   and then you replace the computers one by one as
: you build the custom devices.
: : Pipelined parallelism is the way to go folks.  I'm convinced this is
: the best way to get this project started.  And the modular approach will
: be really attractive to home hackers who get the design off the net or
: more likely a magazine... not too much to get working at once - keeps them
: interested.  Hey *there's* a thought!  Whatever happened to Steve 'Circuit
: Cellar' Ciarcia?  A three-part hardware series in Byte synchronised with
: articles on Clipper and 'how you can do it yourself' :) would be one hell
: of a coup...  Anyone got good contacts at Byte?
: : Graham
: : PS *Do* we have any electronics hackers here, or should I go recruiting...?
: PPS Speech *output* left as an exercise for the reader :)
Since then, I've thought about the detailed design of the sampler part, and
that's what I'm going to ask my uncle to build.  In fact, I just went out
and bought the $7 microphone today, and the kit box :-)
For the benefit of the netphone list who didn't see my cypherpunks post,
and to give a bit more detail to the c-p's who suggested there were fatal
flaws in what i was thinking about, here's the hardware plan:
There's a cheap microphone, and a d2a and a parallel port, and a timer.
The PC reads from the printer port and fetches a byte when the status
byte says 'ready'.  The PC does *not* have to do accurate timing, or
work under interrupt - all it has to do is make sure it's dealt with the
sample before it's time for another one.  The sampler hardware does
the 8000/sec (or more likely 4000/sec, switchable) timing, and doesn't
say 'data ready' after a read until that length of time has elapsed.
I chose interruptless parallel rather than interrupt-driven serial because
serial would either have to do expensive on-chip compression, or drive
the PC at very high speed - and I know from extensive comms experience
that PCs *really* can't stand up to much over 19.2K - low-end PCs
*certainly* can't.  With this scheme there's virtually no overhead at
all in getting the data to the cpu - it's almost an idle process.
Interrupt driven parallel wouldn't be too bad either, at 4000/sec, though
it does make the code harder to write.  I'm very wary of predicating a
project on tricky PC assembler - it can't be easy, otherwise there'd
already be code (for example) to do something like getting bytes in a
found it yet if there is (though someone mailed me today to say he thought he had a copy of such code somewhere)
Anyway, the point is that this box can be replaced by a soundblaster or
by reading from /dev/audio - it's just another pipe in the series,
but having a design lets us push it in some electronics magazine and
get public awareness up another notch. But it's no big deal; it's not
critical to the project.
To the people who said it really should be serial and compressed - yes,
I agree - that's the *next* box - a little micro running Tony's code
that has parallel in and serial out.  Or that micro can be a PC as it
stands - no problem.  PC's are cheap and plentiful.
And the next box takes that serial stream and encrypts it.  That too can
be a PC, or if you have a powerful PC, make it a process on the one
that did the compression.  And finally the serial data can be shoved
down a modem directly, or you can use vt's protocols etc and send it
over the net, or the same protocols over slip and send *that* down
a modem.  The modular approach lets you do all sorts of things.
Anyway, I was fed up with people talking about this project but never
seeing anything working (except for Henning's laudable efforts - shame
about the low-end users) so I got off my butt and am doing something
about it myself.
If anyone else wants to join in, the tasks needing done are:
* add Tony Robinson's lossy compression to nevot
* get a nevot-compatible program running on DOS and Mac over SLIP
(major project here, but I know at least one guy who's starting
some work on a Mac project, and I want to twist his arm to make
it nevot compatible rather than Mac-proprietary, if he's listening :-) )
* help me (in the next couple of weeks, since the old guy's class
restarts soon) with details of chips that he can use in a sampler -
I've been told that there are several 'combo codecs' or maybe isdn
codecs that do almost all the work - if we can make something that's
100% data compatible (uLaw) with a Sun, so much the better! (makes for
easier development cycle and testing over the internet)
* make nevot baud-rate/lag adaptive so that it works when scaled down
to 14.4Kbaud and below (say when modems adapt to noise and run at
9600 - no problem, adjust the sample rate to 3000s/sec or whatever
as appropriate)
* experiment with crude zero-crossing algorithms (the kind they used
in kiddy micros 15 years ago with 1-bit speakers) to hack a *really*
low baud rate fallback algorithm to add to the protocols in nevot so
you can *guarantee* some speech getting through under even the worst
conditions.  (We're talking around 4800baud here folks... maybe even
2400 if in dire straights - there may be times when getting the info
over is more important than sounding like a dying dalek...) [btw, the
zero-cossing stuff is also sometimes known as 'time encoded speech']
* hack up a much cruder system than nevot, which works in half-duplex
mode, for low-powered systems that can't do incoming and outgoing speech compression/decompression at once - make it a sort of old-
fashioned ham-radio interface, where you do the equivalent of 'over'
at the end of an utterance, and the whole lot is sent, stored, and
played back at the right speed, even if transmission over the medium
isn't fast enough to keep up with speech.  Such a program would
*guarantee* that even the world's slowest modem would still allow
crypto speech, even though the interface would take some getting
used to for modern kids who never had the pleasure of half-duplex
comms :-)  This system needn't assume any specific underlying protocol -
udp, tcp/ip, appletalk, whatever - just treat the comms medium as
an error-corrected byte-stream and use what's available.  Ie it'll
work even if all you have is a 2400bd v42 modem...   Oh, and make
this code *portable* - the only device dependent bit it needs is
'put byte to comms port' and 'get byte from comms port' - you
shouldn't even need to poll the port to see if data is ready, if
you do it properly - remember, it's half-duplex: put stuff in the
protocol you invent to turn the line around...
Pretend it's very fast turnaround voice-mail if that makes you
feel any better about it ;-)
That's about it for now.  Actually I'm getting married in a couple
of days (to another cypherpunk as it happens) so I'll be mostly off
the net for two weeks, but please write if you've anything to say
and I'll answer all your mail as soon as I'm back on line.
thanks for reading all this!
PS If anyone has comments to make to everyone rather than to me,
the cypherpunks list is cypherpunks and the netphone list
is netphone - I recommend technical discussions to
the latter and general comments or politics or questions to the former.

@_date: 1993-10-08 17:29:27
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Re: POISON PILL 
In article <9310011625.AA10686 you write:
Much as it pains me to agree with Perry when he's in his traditional
'wet blanket' mode, I feel I ought to point out that the kid who's
currently in jail under half a million bail is there because files
on his system apparently suggested direct violent action against
law enforcement officers.  While I understand that the comments made
here are in fun, I'd be willing to bet there are some tight-assed LE
types reading this who don't see the joke, and that the people who
suggested various forms of bombs as data protection devices are now
in the list of people to bust first when the revolution doesn't come.
By the way, all schemes that rely on your computer detecting some
change are useless.  Any half-intelligent cop raiding your machine
is just going to take the drive out and put it on one of his own
machines.  The only thing you can do is encrypt the drive.  And we'll
find out soon enough how the land lies on divulging of encryption
keys when prz ends up in court.
If anyone seriously implemented a dead-man's-handle to destroy his
data, I can promise you that all that will happen is that you'll
accidentally destroy your own data.

@_date: 1993-10-09 15:25:59
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Re: POISON PILL 
Stuart mailed this to me by accident and asked me to forward it to the list.
:From: swc ("Stuart W. Card")
:How's this as a dead man encryption protocol:
:1) don't keep any sensitive stuff of your own on your own hardware,
:put it on other peoples' machines (and let them put their stuff
:on yours);
:2) encrypt all of your stuff before transferring it to other peoples'
:3) send the keys that you used to do the encryption to other folks'
:boxes as well (not the same ones on which you stored the files);
:4) if you are really paranoid, Shamir share the keys;
:5) don't keep any local copies of the plaintext, cyphertext or keys;
:6) periodically send messages to the boxes where you have stashed
:your files, saying "Everything is still cool, don't wipe my files
:or my keys.";
:7) if/when it hits the fan and you are pressured to reveal your stuff,
:stop sending those messages -- the dead man switch goes off and your
:files/keys are wiped.
:There are countless variations on this theme, each offering a
:different compromise between security against prying versus
:overhead and the chance of unintended deletion.
:Stuart W. Card, Consultant, Card & Associates -- Research & Development
:Box 153 RR 1 Newport Rd Utica NY 13502         315-735-1717 / FAX -8469
:swc or cards           "Who is John Galt?"

@_date: 1994-01-15 05:13:04
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: TC May advertises cypherpunks as keeping your taxes from going to 'people of colour' 
Perhaps Detweiler was right after all about certain cypherpunks having
a hidden agenda... seems TC May's rationale for running the cypherpunks
list isn't to do with enhancing individual liberties but rather keeping
all us WASPS safe from 'people of colour'...
I want nothing to do with a list run by racists.  Unsubscribe me now
please (cypher

@_date: 1994-01-15 10:33:05
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Forged messages (was: TC May advertises cypherpunks as keeping your taxes from going to 'people of colour') 
A few headers from the message:
Received: by toad.com id AA16763; Sat, 15 Jan 94 05:13:04 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA16671; Sat, 15 Jan 94 05:09:48 PST
Received: from gate.demon.co.uk ([158.152.1.65]) by toad.com id AA16667;
Sat, 15 Jan 94 05:09:42 PST
Received: from pizzabox.demon.co.uk by gate.demon.co.uk id aa06847;
          15 Jan 94 13:04 GMT
Received: by pizzabox.demon.co.uk (AA25018); Sat, 15 Jan 94 13:01:35 GMT
Reply-To: Graham Toal Note that pizzabox.demon.co.uk [158.152.8.236] doesn't tell where it got
the message from.  Could it have been longs.lance.colostate.edu?  I
liked Detweiler better when he just used anon.penet.fi.
P.S. I sent myself a test email by telnetting to pizzabox.demon.co.uk
25, but it identified the IP address I telnetted from... hopefully the
site administrators at demon.co.uk have recognized the problem and taken
steps to prevent further detweiling.  But be on your lookout, this will
only hold him off until he can find another SMTP port to spoof from.

@_date: 1994-01-15 10:38:04
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: WARNING: IGNORE ANY RECENT POSTINGS FROM MY SITE 
I've just caught someone logged on to Matthew Ghio's account mg5n
 andrew.cmu.edu abusing my system to post mail purportedly from
 "anon
I suspect it was aimed at cypherpunks though since I'm now no longer
subscribed, I don't know what he posted.  I can't tell the recipient
from the minimal logs here.
I've notified the andrew.cmu.edu postmaster that someone may have
abused Ghio's account and be using it to hack from.

@_date: 1994-01-15 13:33:06
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: On leaving the list; and forgeries 
Ah.  Now I see why Matthew was forging mail from my site.  Thanks for
your concern Matthew, but the mail was indeed from me, and pizzabox is
quite secure since I run home-brew fingerwarz and pidentwarz daemons.
I'll pgp-sign this confirmation just to keep everyone happy.  Yes, I
have unsubscribed from cypherpunks because I don't want to be part of
a list which is advertised elsewhere on the net as being sympathetic
to people who don't want their tax money going to coloured people.
If he'd said he didn't want his tax money going to unemployed people
or poor people, I could have understood his viewpoint (though not
sypmathised with it), but to explicitly single out coloured people
in a posting soliciting like-minded people for cypherpunks tells me
its time to move on.
And as for doug rant, I'm not even going to dignify it with
an answer.
: Note that pizzabox.demon.co.uk [158.152.8.236] doesn't tell where it got
: the message from.  Could it have been longs.lance.colostate.edu?  I
: liked Detweiler better when he just used anon.penet.fi.
: : : P.S. I sent myself a test email by telnetting to pizzabox.demon.co.uk
: 25, but it identified the IP address I telnetted from... hopefully the
: site administrators at demon.co.uk have recognized the problem and taken
: steps to prevent further detweiling.  But be on your lookout, this will
: only hold him off until he can find another SMTP port to spoof from.
PS Matthew - I'll mail the andrew.cmu.edu postmaster and tell him it was
a misunderstanding.

@_date: 1994-04-11 21:59:24
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Re: New anon mailer idea? 
Following up my own post, because I'm rather pleased with it and have had
some more ideas... :-)
: I want to mail fred anonymously.  I know fred
: public key.  I encrypt my message for fred, then send it to a
: remailer address with instructions to pass it on to fred.  For a little
: eavesdropping security, I include an anonymous pgp key of mine
: in the mail to fred so that he can reply to me without the remailer
: operators reading his mail.  You can choose your favourite syntax
: for how I ask the remailer to send this mail to fred - I don't care
: what it is.
: The remailer then encrypts *my reply mail address* with the remailers own
: key, and inserts this as a header in the mail which only it can read.
: It attaches a little message to this header saying 'when you reply to
: this message, be sure to include this opaque header I'm giving
: you here...'
: The recipient gets the mail, decodes it, reads it, and replies.
: (Maybe encrypted with an anonymous public key I included in the
: mail, maybe in cleartext - doesn't matter for the scheme) When
: he replies, he included the small encrypted block that the remailer
: gave him at the top of his message, as he was asked to do by the
: remailer.
: The reply goes to the anonymous remailer.  The anonymous remailer
: decrypts the header block that it searches the mail for, and
: extracts my email address from it again.  The remailer then passes
: the mail back to me - this time including an encrypted block with
: the fred address in it.  (Or some other address if
: fred replied from another account; or perhaps I mailed a mail
: to news gateway - well, my encrypted address will still work
: even if a dozen people reply to the news article by mailing
: via the remailer, and now I *don't* know who the encrypted
: sender is)
: In this way, once a conversation has been established, replies
: can keep going backwards and forwards without much fancy protocol
: at all - all you ever do is remember not to delete the encrypted
: block that the remailer keeps inserting at the top of your mail.
I've thought of another thing that cypherpunks like that this scheme can do:
return postage.  Where the remailer encrypts the reply address and puts
it in the body of the destination mail, so that the adressee can reply,
I'd been assuming a public key system like pgp, just because that's what
we're used to.  But in fact the encryption is entirely private to the
remailer and might as well be secret key like DES.
So instead of having a single master key, let's use a key that's generated
for each message.  So, the remailer encrypts the return block with a secret
DES key, and includes something like the MD5 hash of the DES key in
cleartext so that it can find the correct DES key when the reply comes
back.  (Hmmm.  doesn't have to be the md5 hash - could even be the filename
that stores the key - yeah, that works better...)
Anyway, we now have a way of doing postage.  Let's say that the outgoing
message was to a mail2news gateway, and the sender asked for a limit of
10 replies.  Then as each reply comes in, the reply count stored in the
file that holds the DES key is decremented to 0, and when it hits 0 the
file is deleted.  Unless the remailer operator made illicit backups, that
return address can *never* be used again - it may be out there on the
net in an encrypted version, but *no-one* can now decrypt it.
More likely you'd use this feature to guarantee single-shot replies.
Similarly, the same thing can be applied to timed-expiry keys - the file
storing the DES key can be removed after a certain time has elapsed.  If
you post a message on some timely event, you arrange that only answers
posted in the next 48 hours will be delivered - anything that arrives
too late is bounced by the remailer. I can see *lots* of uses for this
feature :-)  One nice use of this is to foil traffic analysis - if you
send off something to someone with a reply address and force an
immediate reply, they don't have time to get stuff in place to watch
all the feed sites and follow a message through the net if they later
want to trace who you are by sending you lots of mail (a technique I
realised would work against Julf's mailer) - as soon as one of the
remailer-chain's keys has expired (and been deleted), that part of
the routing is permanently broken.
Couple this implementation of postage-limitation with the Magic-money stuff
for payment and I think we have quite a nice extension of the cypherpunk
mailing ethos.  I wonder if it could be hacked in to the existing
remailers?  Anyone interested?

@_date: 1994-05-22 23:35:36
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Kick-starting the eeconomy - my view of ecash... 
Well, I once dived into the anon remailer thread when knowing nothing about
them, and something useful came of it, so I'll risk diving into the
electronic money argument today, and I warn you in advance I know even
less about that - it's something I haven't been following closely because
I couldn't see how anonymous cash could work without some non-anonymous
means of stopping double spending, like a central bank.
So, my conclusion, based on no research whatsover :-) is that anonymous
e-cash is probably not going to work but that a reputation-based system
might, and I'm now going to describe what I think is how a reputation-
based system would work: it's based on the exchange of personal IOUs and
it seems to get round the other problem I've seen here of how to kick-start
the eeconomy...
Firstly, there's no central money-issuer.  Let's say I am running a
service for sale - say a newsclipping service where I will scan my mailspool
and send you articles matching a set of patterns you've registered with
me (I just pick this example because it's a program I'm currently working
on), then if you want to use my service, you write me a personal eIOU for
the fee, demonimated in the currency of this scheme.  Let's call the
currency the Ob.  (SF readers might recognise it.  It stands for an
'Obligation' - a personal IOU of one unit)
So, you mint however many Obs I decide I want to charge for the service,
and we enter a contract where you transfer the Obs to me.  I can either
accept them directly, or via a third-party exchange at a central bank
which *doesn't* hold any money, but is simply a reputation server - this
is necessary when accepting new Obs from someone you've never heard of,
on a transaction for an amount greater than you are willing to risk on
an unverified transaction.
In the simple case, if, at any time in the future, I want something from
you, I give you your Obs back in exchange for the service.  However, you
*have* to be willing to exchange your Obs for cash *or* the Obs of someone
with a good reputation at the bank.  If you can't, your reputation value
at the bank goes down, but that doesn't mean people can't still do business
with you - individual people who trust you personally might still take
your minted money if they believe that you will be able to repay someday -
but total strangers most likely won't accept your personal Obs any more...
but they will still deal with you, as long as you pay in Obs from other
trustworthy people.  You might however be better off enhancing your
reputation back up by using these trustworthy Obs you've earned to buy
back your own IOUs. (Later you'll see that simply acquiring these Obs is
equivalent since it enhances your reputation and revalues your personal
IOUs, but I'm talking about the early days of this system where personal
IOUs still are treated as such and haven't morphed into a more notional
(Note that if I cash in your Obs for servives, that's straight barter, albeit
rather complex, if they've been passed round a lot, but provably barter and
therefore exempt from tax.  If I demand cash from your obs then it's income
and expenditure and one would have to pay tax on the money exchanged.)
This scheme allows a lot of money to get into circulation quickly, probably
starting with small sums exchanging between friends, until the reputation
server gets enough data to be meaningful.  I haven't worked out the details
of how a good reputation server would structure its algorithms - that's
probably a full-time PhD-level project, but it looks to me intuitively
obvious that something could be made to work.  (Note that you *could*
simply make the reputation server a strict account-balancer, weighing up
what a person has issued against what they've received, and the reputation
value being the bottom line, but I think for the scheme I describe here
to work, it has to be much more than that, and in fact I'd like to explore
the possibility here of working on reputation alone and ignoring the strict
The significance of a good reputation server is to block frauds such as
person A mints a large amount of money and exchanges it with a similar
number of Obs from person B a few times (or in practice a larger clique
of conspirators) in order to enhance the reputations of A and B as
trustworthy individuals that people do business with.
Anyway, the end result of this is that the economy takes off straight away,
possibly even with large sums involved, but restricted at first to cliquish
groups of friends who all trust each other, but slowly the cliques merge
as people accept Obs from others outside their clique - initially they
would make personal real-world reputation checks to verify that someone
could back up an Ob, but after enough transactions had happened at this
level, a pgp-like web-of-trust would build up in the reputation server
which would allow you to accept people's Obs whom you'd never met.
Of course, once the system was in place, when you did a transaction with
someone you could have the choice of insisting not on their personal Obs
as payment, but for an Ob from someone with a sound reputation.  This
*isn't* like a central bank note - there wouldn't be millions out there
under one person's name - but there *might* be millions of people with
very sound reputations.  Eventually it would get to the point as with
current currency that you no longer feel you have to trade it in for
gold (as we used to do) to be sure that the currency is still valued -
because the reputation system would give more confidence than the gold
reserves did, especially if you had a good spread of originators for
all the Obs you held.  And it would make you appreciate the riskiness
of big business at a personal level - would you want to hold a million
bucks in money backed only by Bill Gate's personal IOU?
The biggest flaw in this scheme you might have spotted already is what
to do when someone with a good reputation turns bad - or dies.  Well,
dying is relatively easy - when someone dies, notionally all the Obs they've
issued are returned to their estate to be replaced with all the Obs they've
received (ie their current bank balance held in Obs).  Any shortfall is
taken out their estate in real terms by the executors; and surplus is
given to their inheritors.  If they're insolvent and can't exchange
their Obs for those of people with good reputations, well, unfortunately
the holders of the Obs have to take the loss and their reputation is
wiped out at the bank.
*However*... what would really happen is that in general people's Obs
would be continued to be traded after their death.  The executor would
do the calculation above, to see if the person was in real debt when
they died, and if they were their reputation at the bank would be lowered
by a percentage, but not wiped out.  This would devalue the utility of
their Obs for use in large transactions but they could continue to be
used in small transactions where people didn't care too much about
the risk (eg trivial net services, like my newsclip example, which I'd
be using to generate low-level money)  Of course, people would have to
trake care never to build up a portfolio of money from too many people
of poor reputation - it would be effectively like small change - no-one
ever keeps millions in nickles and dimes, but everyone needs them for
day-to-day small transactions.
So in all likelihood after someone's death the money would simply remain
in the economy, because if their books balanced it wouldn't be necessary
to call them in.  And their books balancing would at a first approximation
be equivalent to them having a good reputation at the time of death.
The other problem I mention is the harder one; someone genuinely builds
up a good reputation, then makes some transactions and ducks out of the
system with real good paid for with their personally-minted cash which
is now valueless.  Well, we have similar problems at the moment with real cash - it's called counterfeiting.  Counterfeiters are criminals
and once identified have to go on the run and avoid being detected;
anyone who copped out of this system would be instantly detected:
If reputation servers would be based on real IDs, they would never be
able to get back into society, so there would be a great disincentive
to doing this in the first place, if reputation servers were based
on nyms, it would take them a *long* time to build up a new reputation
that would allow people to do business with them.  (I guess they could
sell off all the stolen goods for 'clean' Obs, but they could never
trade on their own reputation for a long time, and anyone doing business
with them would insist on reputable Obs, so as soon as the stolen money
ran out, they'd be in trouble - broke)
But that's just waffle saying the event is unlikely; in reality, it
probably would happen.  So how is it handled? I guess by trashing the
reputation of that person, which would mean that the loss from the
theft would be spread out over all the personal Obs they've ever issued -
anyone who held a lot of them would be wiped out - they wouldn't be
valueless, but they could only be used as small change and would take
a long time to offload.  Which is fitting I guess, because it's people
who took a lot of money from this person who built up the undeserved
strong reputation in the first place.  Though by the time this scheme
turned into a global large-scale economy, I guess personal integrity
checks for large transactions would be rarer - on the other hand, once
the economy gets to that size, the risk of leaving bad money in the
system lessens, as it's slowly decoupled from the original strong
concept of a personal IOU.
Well, hey, it's Science Fiction, I don't expect it all to make sense.
So what do folks think?  Is this like any of the existing schemes?  (I
don't think so - the guy who did the Ghostmark scheme seemed to have
limited the currency supply to a fixed amount and only money that
he minted could be used, although I may have misunderstood entirely)
- I'm afraid I've never been interested in this field until I had
the thoughts above last night, so I haven't read the Chaum papers
yet.  Is this the sort of scheme he proposes?  I know you guys are
gung-ho on anonymity, and a reputation-based system seems to preclude
that.  But I'm not so sure - either it could be made to work on
nyms (the reputation server software would have to be pretty slick,
but it needs to be anyway, and the input from a real-life credit
check part of the initial reputation value would become less and
less significant as time went on, when this scheme worked effectively
from birth...) or anyone who wanted anonymity *in a particular
transaction* would merely have to deal in other people's well-reputed
Obs.  In fact, once there was a good money supply going, people
would tend towards doing that anyway - issuing of a personal Ob
would have to be done *very* carefully, because it would automatically
decrease your reputation - it would be like taking out a bank loan
that *could* be called in at any moment, so you'd be sure to do it
only when you could afford to, and you'd only be *able* to when you
had a good strong reputation or could make a transaction with
someone with a strong reputation, who trusted you to pay *them*
off - in fact, this mechanism would cover both a real live electronic
bank manager, *or* a personal backed loan, like a parent's guarantee
to help you through college, for instance.
Hell, I was almost finished, but I ran off at the mouth again.  I'll stop
now until I can get some feedback...
PS If its an idea worth trying on a small scale, what do you say we
try it ourselves? - now we find out what our reputations are *really*
worth :-)  Would *you* sell a used car for tmp notes? :-)
Oh hell, I feel another tract coming on... here goes (sorry)...
I mentioned at the start that the scheme didn't rely on a central
bank but on a shared unit of currency.  There's no reason why there
only needs to be *one* shared unit of currency.  Long-term, globally,
yes, it could be desirable.  But in kick-starting the system there
could be several independant schemes running - for instance, the
Cypherpunk Ob, started by trading among ourselves; the Extropian Ob
for those people next door who I've never really understood what they're up to; the RKBA Ob shared by everyone that hasn't yet
left rec.politics.guns; the Queer Ob shared by everyone on soc.motss;
the Worthless Ob, used by the clique on alt.religion.kibology;
the Boston Ob, used geographically among people in Boston because
of physical proximity being used to kick-start the reputation server,
etc etc.  So it's reasonable to trial it here, and if the scheme
takes off, the various currencies might eventually set up an exchange
rate like national currencies, or they might merge into one - who knows...
(this is how the banking system in Scotland developed - we originally
had lots of competing banks issuing their own money)
G (*really* signing off this time...)

@_date: 1994-06-04 10:28:59
@_author: gtoal@pizzabox.demon.co.uk 
@_subject: Re: more info from talk at MIT yesterday. 
I don't recall that at all, and neither do the papers that were recently
released under the 30 year rule.  (Somewhat delayed...)

@_date: 1995-08-19 08:53:57
@_author: Graham Toal 
@_subject: Has anyone written a 'secure' (ahem) html server? 
Congrats to the guys who broke the netscape encryption.  Now... as
someone who would like to use 'lite' encryption for a few non-critical
purposes, has anyone taken the code they must have worked out
to do the crack and fed it back in to a public domain server?  I
*really* don't want to pay Netscape 1000's just to play around
with this stuff...  (I presume the algorithms are public and
there wouldn't be any legal problem with this...)
PS Yes, I'm back.  Was avoiding all cypherpunkly things until I
got my green card.  First thing I did when it arrived in the mail
was log in to MIT and get an official release of pgp :-)
