
@_date: 1997-07-28 05:39:47
@_author: Guillotine 
@_subject: New Crypto Application 
Greetings fellow Cyphers...
I'm creating a new _text_ cryptography program.  The encryption algorithm,
using a symmetrical is going to be as strong as legally allowed, and after
copyrighting the program, I'm going to release the source code and explain
everything about it (since it can be reverse engineered anyways).  The
reason I'm sending this e-mail to you is my request for more knowledge, and
if you're like me, then you have an extreme thirst for knowledge!  Any
algorithm, key hashing, user interface, or other important suggestions you
might have will help me immensely, and hey, maybe you'll get a free copy of
this program when it comes out, but otherwise you will just have to wait
until someone cracks the copyprotection because I'm going to make that
extremely hard to do.  I was going to call the program AlphaNumeric
Encryption, but that says pretty much nothing...  I might just call it
something like Cipher Pad (or Cypher Pad if nobody cares that I use
"cypher") , since it's only for text encryption.  If you have a better idea
for a name for this program, then please suggest it to me.

@_date: 1997-07-29 16:18:22
@_author: Guillotine 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Application 
The first of ten replies to my e-mail that has any decent information...
It's going to be a GUI program for Windows/95 (evil, I know, but where else
is the money at?) written in Delphi.  For a quick explanation...  it has two
memo-textareas for the input and output and one edit-area for the key.  I
called it a _text_ encryption program because it's a small application like
NotePad.exe which you can just type into, encrypt, and copy the output into
your e-mail or into a file...  and it accepts ANY ascii characters as input.
The output is as garbled as hell too, not alphanumeric.
True, it's all raw bits to this program.  As an added plus, it supports
pasting from clipboard of any binary format using a clipboard memory dump.
Just go to your favorite graphics program and copy an entire picture, paste
it, and encrypt it.  I see no use for that whatsoever, but the point is that
if you copy it to clipboard, it can paste and encrypt it.  Since Win95 has
the ability to copy and paste even FILES then I guess that those who want
file encryption are in luck, I have implemented the file detection for
clipboard usage and I have also implemented manual file selection and
Me and a friend of mine have written some new bit switching procedures which
use keys to encrypt the input in a dozen different number systems, but since
that realllllllly slows it down I'm going to have to write a random
number/phrase generator mainly used to hash the key and make it a couple of
dozen characters long no matter how long it is.  Brute force will be
possible (it's unavoidable!) but just decrypting the text alone will not
work.  It will have to contain an ability to hash a guessed key just like
this program and then try the guess, making it take much longer in general
to brute force it.  That doesn't apply to the governments computers, but
since when does anything to do with slowing down brute forcing apply to them
and their mainframe-using crypanalytic selves???
I was just implying of the possibility that the US might soon resolve some
_MORE_ restrictions on cryptography, since they've already proven their
capability of imposing as much on the US.
Thanks for the information Bill!
For who ever said that I was going to release the source to this program's
copy protection... I'M NOT!  I don't have to prove to you how good or bad
its copy protection is!!!  Someone will reverse-engineer it anyways, and it
might as well take them a day or ten.  Besides, this program isn't even
going to cost ten bucks.... but I'll stop now before this e-mail spams any
