
@_date: 1992-11-25 13:04:57
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
Some time back Tim May suggested that we should do some experiments
with electronic cash.  He offered to do some Xeroxing if people would
"pay" him.
There are lots of proposals for electronic cash in the literature,
mostly very complex.  I think one of Chaum's simpler proposals would be
adequate for email "banking".  This proposal, from the beginning of
his paper "Untraceable Electronic Cash" in Crypto 88(?), goes like
1. Alice chooses a random x and r, and supplies the bank with
B=r^3*f(x) mod n, where f is a one-way function (like MD5), and n is
the modulus for the bank's public key.
2. The bank takes the third root of B (e.g. via an RSA decryption) and
sends it back to Alice: D = r * f(x)^(1/3), and withdraws one dollar from
her account.
3. Alice extracts C = f(x)^(1/3) by dividing D by r.  (Note that
division can be done mod n without knowing the factors of n, but it's
rather complicated.)
4. To pay Bob one dollar, Alice gives him (x, C).
5. Bob can verify that C = f(x)^(1/3), but he still has to send (x, C)
to the bank in order to make sure that x hasn't been used before.
Otherwise Alice could spend (x, C) twice.  The bank increases Bob's
account by one dollar.
This scheme is pretty simple and provides untraceability - the bank
saw B and D but not C, so although it can verify that (x, C) is legit,
it can't correlate that with Alice's withdrawal.
The main disadvantage of this approach is that Bob has to send (x, C)
to the bank right away (or at least before sending Alice anything in
return for her cash) to verify that the cash hasn't been used before.
But in email, where turnarounds of a day or more aren't unusual, this
should be tolerable.
Alice and Bob could be pseudonyms, using anonymous addresses to
communicate with each other and with the bank.
Different denominations of cash could correspond to different
exponents than "3" in the example above.  (That is, $1 would use
C=f(x)^(1/3), $2 would use C=f(x)^(1/5), $4 would use C=f(x)^(1/7),
and so on.)
Technically, this would be quite easy to implement, using the code in
PGP for the arithmetic, and MD5 for the one-way function.  We'd need
to define a few message formats.  The RFC1113 ascii encoding from PGP
could be used as well.
The "social" problems are more challenging, it seems to me.  What is
the backing for this electronic money?  Why do people care what their
bank balances are?  Is this stuff really worth anything?
One possibility is to base digital cash on real money.  People would
open a pseudonymous account via email, then postal-mail dollars to the
bank, enclosing their account number so the bank would know whom to
credit with the deposit.  Later, if someone wanted to withdraw "real
money" from their account they would have to give a real postal
address where it could be mailed.  Now the electronic money is worth
real dollars.  Even if people didn't deposit or withdraw very often,
it still has value because of the backing.
Unfortunately, this approach would currently be illegal (at least,
unless you actually were a real bank!).  If there were some way the
bank itself could be anonymous, it might survive, but I don't see how
to mail it money while keeping the anonymity.  Still, we could
consider experimenting with this on a small scale with accounts of no
more than a few dollars.  As long as it was clearly an experiment I
doubt that any prosecutions would result even if it attracted
government attention, because the expense involved in court costs
would be so disproportionate to the few dollars involved in this
technically illegal act.
Another approach would be not to try backing the digital cash at all,
or rather backing it implicitly by the determination of various people
to accept it and perform services or supply goods in return for it.
Tim's offer to Xerox papers in return for digital cash would be one
example.  Perhaps others could provide some other services.  It would
be great if some shareware author would accept digital cash as a
symbol of support for crypto anonymity.
One problem that I see with this approach is how you determine the
size of the money supply.  Or, in other words, how does new digital
cash get started circulating?  How do people get new accounts, and how
much money is in them?
If these problems can be solved, a big advantage of this approach is
that the banker can be anonymous.  He would be known only by his
anonymous address and his public key(s).  This would provide some
safety in the event that even a small-scale experiment like this
was targetted for a crackdown.
Another issue is the prospect of multiple "banks", each issuing their
own (incompatible) cash.  How would they compete?  Perhaps in terms of
rapid turnaround?  Some might choose to be anonymous, others would go
public.  The latter would have the advantage that people might trust
them more, but OTOH there is more chance of your bank account
disappearing after a crackdown for a public bank than an anonymous
Lots to think about here!

@_date: 1992-11-25 16:07:41
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: An easy-to-reply anonymous mail scheme 
The problem with the idea of posting anonymous mail to a newsgroup is
sheer volume.  Remember, we aim at a system where a large fraction of
mail is potentially being done this way.  Imagine if almost all email
was done today by posting to newsgroups!  There is probably thousands
of times as much email traffic as news traffic now.  It would totally
swamp the system.  You'd literally have to send every email message
sent by any user in the world to _every_ user in the world, in effect.
As Yanek says:
This is why you would want to use a chain of remailers as your return
address, what Chaum calls a "cascade".  No single remailer sees the
correspondance between your anonymous address and your real address.
Only by breaking all of them can the bad guys find out who you are.
Ideally, remailers would operate in a variety of countries with
different laws, making it difficult to crack them all.
Remailers could be designed to periodically flush themselves, deleting
old keys and/or pseudonym maps.  This way anonymous addresses would
have a limited lifetime if desired, and the attackers would have only
a finite time window to break all the remailers involved.  (Different
keys/pseudonyms could have different lifetimes as needed.)
We could also imagine that there are lots of remailers - not just
dozens, or hundreds, but millions of them.  Maybe almost everyone runs
a "cheap" remailer on the side, collecting a few cents in digital cash
for each message they pass, enough to pay for their own messages.
Putting all this together, you could have an anonymous address which
passes through, say, 10 remailers which might be any of the millions
of remailers in the world.  It could have a limited lifetime of only a
few hours for some ultra-sensitive applications, with the remailers
involved flushing their databases after that time.  To break this, the
enemy would have to sequentially break into machines all over the
world, one after another, defeat any physical barriers (locks, men
with guns), overcome tamper-resistance in the computers, break the
encrypted files, and find out what the next step is in the address
cascade, all in a couple of hours.  This doesn't seem possible.

@_date: 1992-11-25 16:25:25
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Unlabelled PGP messages 
Peter Shipley points out that PGP messages are labelled with an
identifier of the person they are sent to.  This hurts the anonymity
of the messages somewhat.
What PGP actually puts in the cleartext message header is the "Key ID"
of the recipient.  This is the low-order 64 bits of the RSA modulus
"n" of his key.  (PGP displays only the low-order 24 bits when it
shows key ID's, but it keeps 64 bits internally.)
I understand that there was some discussion during the development of
PGP 2.0 of having a mode where this wouldn't be done.  One possibility
would be to output a key ID of all zeros for a message which wanted to
hide who it was for.  Then, as Peter suggests, it would either be
trial-decrypted by all of the secret keys you have, or, more simply,
it would just try your "default" secret key.  Most people only have
one secret key so both methods would be the same in most cases.  Doing
it the second way would be a pretty easy patch to PGP.
I'm not so sure now that this feature is that helpful.  First, you
don't have to put your real name in the "user name" field.  You could
use a pseudonym.  So you really don't have to give much information
away about yourself the way it is now.
Also, if someone is sending a message to you using encrypting
remailers, they would encrypt it using your key, add remailing
instructions for the last remailer in the chain, encrypt that using
that remailer's keys, add remailing instructions for the next-to-last
remailer, encrypt it again, and so on.  (This would be done
automatically by some future software - you wouldn't want to do this
by hand!)  The result is that the mail you send does not expose the
key ID of your recipient.  That information is only revealed when it
comes out of the last remailer in the chain.  And by that time, it's
no secret, since that last remailer is using the true email address of
the recipient anyway.  So it's not giving anything away.
For the other kind of anonymous messaging, where you just post to a
newsgroup or use some other kind of "broadcast" system, the key ID is
revealed and for this case it might be better to hide it.  But, the
key ID can be useful in this application by letting you know which
messages you should decrypt.  No one has to know that a particular key
ID is "you".  You can still download 1000 messages and only read yours
without anyone knowing which ones you read.  But with key ID hidden
you would have to decrypt them all to see which are yours.  Do you
want to decrypt all 1000?  This will take minutes, hours, or days,
depending on your key size and computer speed.  (Most of the decrypt
time is spent doing the RSA step, at least for most messages, and you
can't tell if it's for you without doing that step.)
This still might be a good idea, but I'm not sure...
Hal Finney

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:19:02
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Banking 
Eric Hughes points out that the blind signatures used to provide
anonymity in Chaum's digital cash schemes are patented (by Chaum
himself).  This is a problem for an official, legal, profit-making
business which wants to engage in electronic banking.
However, such a business would face many other problems.  Chaum's
digital cash system could be construed as using the RSA algorithms,
since it is in effect an RSA signature which makes the cash
unforgeable.  So a license for RSA would have to be obtained as well.
(RSA licensing would also be needed for secure communication between
the bank and its customers.)
In addition, the acceptable use policies of NSFNET, which would
probably have to be involved in most communications with the bank,
are inconsistent with this kind of commercial activity, from what I
understand.  I believe new policies are in the works to allow
commercial activities on the net, but these again will involve
licensing costs.
There is also the question of the legality of private cash in any
form, electronic or otherwise.  Nobody seems to have hard evidence on
this.  On the one hand, people can legally exchange certain types of
securities, and they could perform services for each other in return
for such exchanges.  This is legal, but they are supposed to report
the income on their tax returns.  Our digital cash would seem to fit
this model.  (But are such securities transfers as untraceable as
digital cash?  Perhaps not.)
On the other hand, I read several years ago that casino chips in Las
Vegas were starting to be used as cash substitutes, but that the
government cracked down on this practice.  Perhaps this was too
conducive to money laundering, especially with the reputed underworld
activity in that city.
I do think, though, that an informal digital cash system, presented as
a research project or an educational game, would be able to slip
between the cracks of the legal system, much as PGP has done.  And I
think this presentation would be legitimate.  Digital cash is new
(actually, nonexistant, as far as I know), and any use of it would by
its very nature be research and be educational.
I would suggest that anyone who proposes to implement such a game
might want to consider releasing it anonymously (actually,
pseudonymously).  Sign the release with a PGP or RIPEM key, and let
that be your pseudonym.  Let people post messages to alt.security.pgp
or some other newsgroup to discuss it, so that you can read them
without revealing yourself, as proposed by Yanek.  Post your replies
anonymously using our remailers.
This way there won't be a single-point target for anyone wishing to
punish users of the game.

@_date: 1992-11-30 19:50:44
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: remailers 
Fen Labalme quotes some messages with concerns about people needing
permission from the sysadmins to run remailers.
The current remailers, based on Eric Hughes' approach, don't have this
problem.  I don't even know who the sysadmin is on the system where I
run the remailer.  They don't know anything about it.  Eric's
remailers don't require continual processes to be run, root
privileges, hacking the mail tables, or anything special.
All you need is to be on a Unix system which supports the ".forward"
file.  This is typically implemented by the mail programs which
deliver mail to the user's mail file.  The programs check to see if a
file called .forward exists in the user's home directory, and if so
they treat its contents as either a program to pipe the incoming mail
into, or a user name or list of user names to send the mail to.
This is the hook by which Eric's remailers operate.  The .forward file
is set up so that mail is piped to a program which sorts the mail
based on its headers, using the mh utility slocal or, in my case, a
perl script which provides some of the same functions.  Each message
is checked like this, and if it doesn't contain any of the special
stuff which activates the remailer software, it is simply deposted in
the user's mailbox file as usual.  Otherwise the remailers run and
forward it as requested.
With this solution, there's no need for anybody to be aware that you
are running a remailer, as long as it's not too much of a load in
terms of extra message traffic.

@_date: 1992-12-03 18:36:43
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: digital banking 
I enjoyed seeing Karl's walk-through of Chaum's digital cash
algorithm.  The numbers looked right.  One point is that doing
different denominations isn't that much harder, you just need to have
more exponents.  As you generate your primes p and q, make sure that
p-1 and q-1 aren't divisible by any small primes (other than 2).  This
will ensure that phi = (p-1)(q-1) is not divisible by small primes, hence
that gcd(e, phi) will be 1 for those same small primes, in fact for
all the odd numbers.
Karl also quoted a comment from Ray Cromwell expressing concern over
proving deposits.  Ideally you'd get a signed receipt from the bank
for every deposit you make.  In the case of electronic deposits, there
exist protocols for "gradual secret exchange" that might be suitable
for this purpose.  What you'd like is to send the bank your deposit
"gradually", while the bank simultaneously gradually sends you a
digitally signed receipt.  I don't recall the details of these
protocols.  Gradual exchange would not be very convenient for email
because of the long turnaround times in mail systems, but if you had a
better connection it might be useful, especially for large deposits.
Another way to look at it is, what stops the local merchant from
taking your payment, putting it in his pocket, and then denying that
you've given him anything?  It would just be his word against yours.
One answer is, if he does that to multiple people, their multiple
stories would have more credibility than his denials.  Similarly, a
bank which made a habit of cheating its customers would find itself
publically exposed.  So it may be reasonable to trust the bank for
routine transactions.

@_date: 1992-12-04 09:55:49
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: PGP questions 
It's probably good to discuss how PGP works here, for educational
purposes, but I would expect people to get the source code if they
really are interested.  I can give some pointers here to answers to
some of the questions people have asked.
Steve Witham asks several questions.  I think the crypto glossary
which Tim posted a couple of weeks ago tells how RSA works, so I won't
reiterate that here.  Steve, if you didn't get it, maybe Tim could
send it to you.
PGP's signature algorithm creates an MD5 message digest of the
message, then signs that digest by raising it to the secret exponent
"d", mod "n".  MD5 is a public-domain message digest algorithm created
by RSA Data Security, Inc, which breaks messages into blocks of 64
bytes as input and produces a 16-byte (128-bit) digest.  PGP then pads
this 16-byte number to be about the size of n, and does the
PGP does not do its decryption/signature exponentiation by actually
raising the number to the power of d mod n, but by doing a
mathematically equivalent operation involving two exponentiations, one
mod p and one mod q.  Since p and q are half the length of n, and
exponentiation takes roughly the third power of the number of bits in
the modulus, this reduces the amount of time by a factor of 4.
The random number generator has several different modes, and I can
only suggest looking at random.c.
The data-compression algorithm is not really relevant but is based on
zip.  The binary-ascii translator is also not important but is a
variant on the PEM standard.
Steve asks a lot of questions about the speed of different versions.
Maybe asking on alt.security.pgp would produce some representative
values.  I'm not sure whether anyone has a database with all these
I understand that PGP 2.1 may have a faster version of the Upton
modmult.  Preliminary timings suggest that it's still slightly slower
than the Merritt modmult on the Sparc, but if Merritt really is
unreliable (I haven't heard about this) then switching to Upton will
not involve much of a penalty.  PGP is very fast on Sparcs anyway and
I don't think making it 10% slower would matter.
Profiling indicates that yes, during the RSA encryption phase, most of
the time is spent in modmult.  An interpreter could be built to do a
modular exponentiation using a C implementation of modmult and it
would be about as fast.  However, that still leaves the generation of
the random session key, padding it with random numbers so that it is
suitable for RSA operations, converting the RSA-encrypted session key
into a format suitable for writing to a file, doing the IDEA
encryption, wrapping this all up with control information so that it
can be decrypted, looking up key information from a key ring file or
some other data file (possibly decrypting it on the fly), converting
to ASCII, etc.  All these are part of an encryption/decryption cycle
and can't really be skipped.

@_date: 1992-12-04 10:03:39
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: Weakness of the PGP scheme ? 
Vanguard asks about trying all the IDEA keys.  If you
will look in idea.h you will see that the IDEA key is 16 bytes long,
which is 128 bits.  This is long enough to make trying them all
impossible.  Trying to predict one IDEA key by knowing the previous
one also looks hard, as PGP basically cycles IDEA on random input and
takes the output as the keys.  If you could predict this output it
would be similar to breaking IDEA.
On the other hand, PGP normally keeps its random information in a
small file called randseed.bin.  It uses the contents of this file
plus the current time of day in seconds as the input to generate the
IDEA key.  If you stole this file from someone (it's not
cryptographically protected, unlike the secret key ring), and you know
within several hours or a day when he sent each message, you could
probably calculate all possible IDEA keys in a feasible amount of time
(by trying all plausible values for the time of day in seconds).  This
would also let you calculate the new contents of the randseed.bin
file.  As long as you didn't miss any messages he sent, you could keep
doing this and break all of his outgoing messages.
You can prevent this by removing your randseed.bin file and
substituting an empty file (or one that is less than 16 bytes long) in
its place.  This will cause PGP to prompt you for random keyboard
input each time you send a message, which would make it impossible for
the attack above to work.  It would mean less convenience, though.
The relevant routines are make_random_ideakey() and
strong_pseudorandom() in crypto.c, as well as the code in random.c.

@_date: 1992-12-05 17:25:29
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Anonymous address problems 
We've had some discussion of anonymous addressing, which allows
someone to post an address at which mail can be sent to them without
people being able to find out exactly who they are.
I showed how the current remailers could, somewhat clumsily, allow
anonymous addresses.  The problem is, with a single-remailer anonymous
address that remailer sees whom each anonymous address corresponds to,
so you have to trust it.  Now that other encrypting remailers are up
it's possible to have anonymous addresses which go through more than
one remailer before going to the final destination.  This, I thought,
would provide a more secure address since a whole group of remailers
would have to be "broken" in order for someone to find out where a
given anonymous address leads.
However, with the current implementation, there is a security
weakness.  Whomever owns the last remailer in the chain for your
anonymous address can find out who you are.  They do this simply by
sending an anonymous message with known contents, like "test number
1598293".  They then watch all messages going through their remailer,
looking for one whose contents match what they sent.  If they are the
last remailer in the chain, when they see this message go through
them, they can look at whom it is being sent to, and so they then know
your true name.  So, a multi-remailer anonymous address is really no
more secure than a single-remailer one.
Chaum, in his "mix" paper, avoided this problem by having the
anonymous addresses include a random number which each remailer sees
as it decrypts the incoming message.  (There is always such a number,
it turns out, for the RSA encryption to be secure.)  He had the mix,
as it passes the message through, encrypt the contents with a
single-key algorithm (like DES) using this random number as the key.
This way the message is transformed at each step and so if it later
comes back through the same mix, it won't be recognizeable as the one
it sent earlier.  So the attack above fails.
For this to work, the user has to save the random numbers that were
used to construct his anonymous address, and decrypt the message using
DES with these as keys before going on to read it or public-key decrypt
it as usual.  This would be quite a bit less convenient.
Chaum goes on to say that these return addresses can only be used
once.  I was a little puzzled by the exact attack that he is trying to
defend against in applying this rule.  Chaum doesn't always make the
attacks clear, leaving that as an exercise for the reader.  I believe
the problem is that, say, the last remailer in the chain could send 100
messages to a given anonymous address (all would have different
contents).  Then, after working its way through the remailer chain, it
would see 100 messages going to the same final destination.  It could
guess that those 100 were the 100 it sent, especially if it repeats this
test every few days with different numbers.
Chaum's rule of allowing each anonymous address to be used only once
makes them much less useful.
These complications just go to show that real security doesn't come
easy or cheap.  There is still work to be done before we achieve the
goal of crypto anonymity.

@_date: 1992-12-07 19:51:29
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Anonymous address problems, etc. 
Chris Hibbert sent me a solution for the problem I mentioned about the
last remailer in an anonymous address chain being able to discover the
true name for the address.  He suggested making your own remailer be
the last one in the chain.  If you added a little padding, so the
second-to-last remailer couldn't tell (from the small size of the
encrypted address) that yours was last, this sounds pretty good.  And
it's another reason to run a remailer, even if you had to do it
On the digital cash issue - I think we should get some kind of
implementation of digicash (oops, "electronic money") out for people
on the list to play with.  Then, we should think of some kind of
experimental email-based game to play which would use the special
characteristics of anonymous cash.  Maybe we could use the remailers,
too.  Players would send cash back and forth to each other as part of
the game.  Even if the tools are sort of rough at first, this could
show where the most work is needed.
Can anyone think of a good kind of game that we could play?  As Eric
Hughes pointed out, the cash doesn't have to be "cash", it could
represent "gold" or "carrots" or any other material which exists in
limited quantity.
I think it was on the extropians list that Eli Brandt pointed out the
need for a shorter term than "digital cash" for this cryptographic
money.  He suggested "cryps".  I thought of "emoney" or "ecash" by
analogy to "email".  Here's another one: "crydets", based on
"credits".  Or maybe we should call them "Chaums".  That way he'd be
less likely to sue us for infringing on his patent. ;-)  I notice he
managed to cleverly name DC-nets after his initials so maybe he'd like
P.S. I hear PGP 2.1 is coming out today.

@_date: 1992-12-08 14:53:49
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: PGP key generation 
Steve Witham asks about PGP's "peasant_modmult" routine, how it can
subtract the modulus on each addition.  It doesn't, but the code is a
little misleading (taken from mpilib.c, PGP 2.1):
    while (bits--)
    {	mp_shift_left(prod);
    }
What is confusing is that "msub" looks like "mp_sub".  Actually, msub
is a macro defined in mpilib.h:
 msub(r,m) if (mp_compare(r,m) >= 0) mp_sub(r,m)
So, msub actually only subtracts if it's necessary, as would be
Jim McGrath asks:
d and e are the decryption and encryption exponents.  e is chosen to
be small, typically the number 17 or slightly larger.  d is then about
the size of n, your key modulus.
p and q, the two primes which are multiplied to get n, are about the
same size, usually.  PGP does have some code to make sure they aren't
too close to the same size (taken from rsagen.c, PGP 2.1):
        /*	See if p and q are far enough apart.  Is q-p big enough? */
        mp_move(u,q);	/* use u as scratchpad */
        mp_sub(u,p);	/* compute q-p */
        if (mp_tstminus(u))	/* p is bigger */
        {    mp_neg(u);
            too_close_together = (countbits(u) < (countbits(p)-7));
        }
        else		/* q is bigger */
            too_close_together = (countbits(u) < (countbits(q)-7));
        /* Keep trying q's until we get one far enough from p... */
    } while (too_close_together);
What this does is make sure that |p-q| is > 1/128 of the larger of p
or q.  This is designed to make sure that p and q are both very far
from the square root of n.  I.e. if n were 1024 bits, p and q could
both be about 512 bits, but they would be at least about 2^505 from
the square root of n, foiling the square root attacks.

@_date: 1992-12-23 13:46:51
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Re: Signing text messages... 
I'm not sure what attack you are proposing here.  Are you suggesting
that someone else could take credit for my (brilliant?) message by
removing the PGP signature and substituting one of their own?  But
digital signatures can't stop other people from doing this.
Or are you suggesting that someone else could create a bogus public
key claiming to mine, re-sign the message using that public key, and
then get people to think it was from me?  Or, worse, they could create
a whole new message saying "I am a turkey, signed Hal Finney", sign it
with this bogus "Hal Finney" public key, and post it.  Then I'd really
have egg on my face, right?
But no, I wouldn't, because people would (or should) know not to trust
a random public key to be from whom it claims.  My posted key is
signed by Phil Zimmermann.  This doesn't absolutely prove it is from
me, but I think it makes it worthwhile to post the key.
Anyway, the real reason I posted the key in this case was so that
people could check the cleartext signature to see if it had been
mangled by various mail gateways.  That was the topic of discussion in
the message, so I wanted to make it easy for people to try checking
the signature.

@_date: 1992-12-30 13:36:33
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Return addresses 
Eric Messick has an interesting idea in his "postage due" anonymous
addresses, where the forwarders would encrypt the message contents as
it passed through, and then the receiver would have to pay them to get
the message decrypted.
Chaum's idea was that the message contents would be encrypted at each
step, as Eric suggests, but Chaum would have the encryption key be
part of the anonymous address, created by the same person who made the
anonymous address.  The idea would be, after decrypting the incoming
message, the remailer would see something like:
It would then encrypt the message "contents" (but not the "envelope",
as Eric points out) using the specified key.  When the owner of the
anonymous address received the message, he would decrypt it using the
chain of "Encrypt-With" keys that he put into the anonymous address.
This does not support Eric's feature of allowing remailers to charge
for anonymous addresses, but it does provide more security than the
current remailers by changing the message contents at each step.

@_date: 1993-01-03 17:28:45
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Anonymous discussion on Pax 
There has been some discussion on the Pax mailing list (mail to
anon.subscribe to subscribe) about anonymous posting
and mail.  Here is an excerpt from one posting that I thought was
Does anyone here have information on this experiment on the WELL?
That sounds like an interesting data point.  Presumably they did not
try to press on with some kind of rating or reputation system.

@_date: 1993-01-23 17:29:09
@_author: Hal Finney 
@_subject: Digital cash redux 
Here is an excerpt from a description of one version of Chaum's
digital cash, which I posted on Nov. 25:
