
@_date: 1996-06-06 11:09:15
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Richard Stallman on RSA, Zimmermann, crypto 
DSA is based on El-Gamal, not the other way round. Although it is likely that a future version of PGP will include these algorithms the problem arises from the Diffie-Helleman patent and not the RSA patent. When this expires in 1997 it is certain that many products using public key cryptosystems will be avaliable in an unrestricted fashion.

@_date: 1996-06-06 11:56:21
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Its worth pointing out that a complaint to an editor is not necessarily pressure. Did the Whitehouse threaten to sue HotWired? What _pressure_ was applied?
I find Meeks' style somewhat tiresome. It is tabloid jornalism
rather than reasoned argument. His dislike for the Clinton is well known - he recently accused the administration of being
fascist. I know of no evidence that the Clinton administration
has a genocide policy, it is an insult to the 10 million civilians
murdered by Hitler to use the term facist simply as a term of abuse,
especialy if it is being used as a substitute for an argument.
Point of fact: the skeleton closet does not know how traded options
If one sells a traded option one is liable to pay the broker if the
market moves the opposite way to that hoped for. Normally the broker
asks a client to put up a deposit or "margin" to ensure that the
broker can recoup the money. In this case the broker knew that Hilary
had good credit and so accepted only a token deposit as "margin". Had
the market moved in the opposite direction Hillary would have been
liable for very much more than $1000, she was liable for hundreds of
In most cases it is profitable to sell options, it is only if the market
moves in the "wrong" direction that one can lose out. In such cases the
losses are unlimited - the potential profit being fixed. This is why
most punters buy options - the potential loss is limited. You can see a similar effect in the market each time there is a "short
squeeze". A lot of people bet on Netscape going down in price because it
was overvalued. The number of short positions turned out to be higher
than the number of shares on offer which meant that many people were
having to buy shares at high prices to cover their positions. This is
how lack of confidence in a stock can send it through the roof. The free
market - don't you just love it?

@_date: 1996-06-13 12:00:21
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Britain to control crypto - official (fwd from Usenet) 
This could be a problem. The government is pretty burned out having run out of
ideas a long time ago. Interferring with areas the people understand little of
is a way to avoid making worse mistakes.
Given that we have the worst Home Secretary this century there is little hope
that civil liberties will play any part in any legislation. For those that
don't follow UK politics the government has been methodically extinguishing
civil rights such as the right to demonstrate in public and the right of a
defendant to premptory challenge agains jurors (the prosecution retains the
The key question is how urgently the govt intends to press the point. If they
attach a provision to pre-election criminal justice bill then expect a really
half baked clause. If they go for public comment gathering proceedures then
the govt. is likely to be out of office before anything happens.  With less
than half the public support of the opposition Bob Dole stands more chance of
election than the British Tories.
Nothing in the case of most dependent territories. Most territories are either
entirely self governing or have some body which "assists" the govenor. Given that we have yet to unify English and Scottish law the process of making
laws is quite complex. Presumably the govt intend to pass laws covering the
whole of the UK, what mechanism they choose for this we will have to wait to
find out.
I would expect the Caymans to act to protect their tax-haven business. This
could mean that they are pro crypto (increase effectiveness) or may mean that
they go anti to avoid being seen as money laundering havens and invite Cuba
style sanctions acts.

@_date: 1996-06-13 12:32:39
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: whitehouse queries files on political enemies 
Well Safire should know about Nixon type dirty tricks, after all he worked for
Nixon as a speachwriter and wrote a book about it:-
administration position that the requests were made in error. After all that demonstrates that the govt. is not capable of admininistering sensitive information properly even when it is what must surely count as the most sensitive information the govt. tracks. If the system is ineffective in protecting the files of the party workers of opposed factions then it is unlikely to protect the secrecy of less sensitive files.
This aside the general problem is one of authorisation. The current USGovt security system is based on principles of security clearances and "need to know". But how does the guardian of various personal files know _who_ needs to This is a _very_ hard problem, one that I for one would like an answer to.
Unfortunately the USGovt is not like a computer system where the authorisation
policy for information is enforced via ACLs or the like. Perhaps it should be

@_date: 1996-06-25 13:11:34
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Noise: Re: Those Evil Republicans 
If you had heard the whole speech rather than only the portion reported on CNN
you would know that you have entirely distored the meaning. The point being
made was that cyberspace is being promoted as a panacea for all ills, many of
which it is creating rather than curing. Cyberspace is not a replacement for an
ecconomic policy, Newts idea of giving laptops to homeless people is not a
solution for poverty. Actually I think that this is quite obvious from the
quote you give.
Given the experience of derregulating Savings and Loans institutions I don't
think the country could survive another round of deregulation. As Reagan said
"Gentlemen we've hit the jackpot" - and of course they had, S&L was not a
fiasco for certain people, just for the poor taxpayers.
Damned unsporting eh? Isn't the NRA weapon of choice a surface to air missile?

@_date: 1996-07-06 11:21:20
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Shrink-Wrap Lic. uphelo by courts.  From Edupage, 4 July 1996 
Perhaps Prof Froomkin could provide an opinion. It sounds to me however
as if the defendants were simply ripping off the copyright of the plaintif
and attempting to get arround it by claiming to have "bought" rights to
resell along with the software by wrangling over the shrink wrap agreement.
Or were the defendants reselling the software unopened to foreign customers
via the Internet? Seems to me that that might well be open to further challenge. If a "contract" clause is expressed in a manner that means that
it would not be encountered by a party which it attempts to bind there might
be argument as to whether acceptance was possible. I suspect that the claims the plaintifs were making lay very definitely
within the range of what people in the trade would usually expect to be
the licensing terms for software purchased off the shelf. Just as there is an expectation when purchasing a book that one has purchased an instance
and not the rights to the copyright. Consider the analogy with purchasing a
book that is wrapped in shrink wrap film and that consequently one was
unable to read the "all rights reserved" legend.
The question that I am interested in is whether someone could claim that
a shrink wrap license can bind a user to terms that are less widely expected
in the industry. For example clauses which prohibit reverse engineering,
transfer to other users etc.
Might be interesting to know the precise rulling made and its terms.

@_date: 1996-07-19 16:06:12
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
If people decide that they are going to permit widespread ownership of guns
then these tactics are inevitable. They are rare in the UK because gun
ownership is relatively rare.
I find this type of talk typical wishy washy libertarian twaddle. There are
dangerous people arround besides the government and the government is the
only agency that is going to protect society from them. If you don't like living in a country where the police are armed to the teeth then move to
the UK where there are very few armed police. Of course you will find that
the price of freedom of mind is a minor restriction on your personal freedom,
you won't be allowed a weapon either but that is the tradeoff. If you want to own guns then you should accept the fact that you risk having
your head blown off in the middle of the night by a SWAT team. Just as the
car has introduced the risk of being killed in a trafic accident the gun has
introduced new risks. If society dosen't like the risks then it can opt
to ban the technology. If you want to own a gun because you have some kind of personality problem
and you need to prop up your ego then

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:07:50
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
The people of the USA fortunately disagree. Its no coincidence that Limbaugh
has been unable to continue his tv show after his coverage of the OKC bombing.
It is not socialy acceptable to call for the murder of Police officers in most
countries. By doing so you are discrediting yourself and those who support you.
Troops were sent into Northern Ireland originally to protect the Catholic minority from the protestants. The two communities have been murdering each
other for centuries and there are bigots on both sides who think that the
events of three hundred years ago "prove" that the other is evil incarnate.
Do you support the "punishment beatings" performed by the IRA. So far this
year they have committed grievous bodliy harm against 270 people. They have
also murdered 4 people. There have been no deaths from police or army use
of firearms in that period. Your assertion is therefore false.
If you want to discuss the politics of Ireland you should at least visit the
place. You will find remarkably less sympathy for your romantic visions of
bloodshed amongst the people who have to live with the consequences. The
British people have little sympathy for either side and would quite happily
leave the two sides to slaughter each other if it wasnt for the fact that
the majority of the population wish to remain British and have voted to
remain so in regular referenda and national elections.

@_date: 1996-07-23 10:47:35
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
Perry, just out of curiosity which type of game theory system are
you refering to, the standard, single shot game thoery or the communicative model of Alker, Hurwitz and Rothkin?
As a computer scientist I would have thought you would have been up on the idea of adding memory to game theory interactions. In such
cases the optimal outcome can turn out very differently than in the
standard model. Claiming certainty from theoretical results is in general not a
good idea. Unless you can explain the relevance of the theory to a situation and explain why the assumptions in the model are justified you are not saying very much.
The fact that the US and the USSR did manage to negotiate disarmament
despite the standard game theory predictions shows that the system
is somewhat more complex than Perry's ideological view.
Briefly stated in Alker-Hurwitz a "memory" component was added into
the model. The prisoner's dilema was repeated on many occasisons in
a variety of contexts, including computer simulation and in practice.
In practice the prisoner's chose the joint optimal solution the majority of the time. The "laws" of social scienst are not the "laws of physics". The "laws
of physics" aren't so constant either. Theoretical results should inform the intellect not serve as a substitute for it.
If you apply genetic programming techniques to the system the strategy
that evolves is typically a cooperative one. The facts is that the
theory applied in an evolutionary context disproves Perry.

@_date: 1996-08-03 13:06:15
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: VISA Travel Money 
They are usefull for the one purpose for which they are designed. One
can go off to a foreign country and obtain cash as required without
having to pay often usurous fees from bureaux de change. Just because
you are supposed to be able to use travel cheques as cash does not mean
that you really can.
Its not a major VISA product but it is reasonably usefull. Its more convenient
to carry a card than cash. If one gets mugged or looses the card there
is a way of recovering the cash (sometimes). I don't think that there would
be much use for such cards in the tourist belt but you might well want to
have one if you were going on a trip to the hinterlands of a country.
For most people VISA travel cheques or a cash advance is likely to be
more usefull. See the Stored Value Card work that VISA have been working on, or MONDEX.
MONDEX has almost every feature you would want from anonymous cash except you can't prove its anonymous. You can do purse to purse transfers Its a different level of privacy to that of e-cash. e-cash provides
only purchaser unlinkability and its an online scheme. MONDEX makes
it possible to trace certain withdrawal and deposit patterns of a user
but little else.

@_date: 1996-08-04 07:57:53
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Jewell is the Militia Bomber!!!! 
Hey folks, relax eh?
Its generally best when the police don't release every bit of
information on their investigations as they progress. Far from
criticising the police for having investigated Jewell on no or little
evidence you should criticise them for telling us about the evidence
they do have.
Although prosecuting a security guard in order to rob the terrorists of
publicity is a cute trick I don't think the US authorities are that
smart. In the past USGov has been less than sparkling in its ability to
keep a lid on secrets like that.

@_date: 1996-08-05 10:13:18
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
Oh dear oh dear....
First off people on cypherpunks seem to have the idea that the type
of people who go blasting peoples heads off have brains. Without
wanting to inflate people's egos too much the average reader of
cypherpunks is an awful lot smarter than your average criminal. Fancy plans to disolve gun barrels etc are way too complex for your average criminal and in any case it is substantially easier
to drop a gun in a lake or the sea and less likely to result in
incrimination than to try disolving it, run 200 rounds through
it or whatever.
Vacuming up powder left over from a rifle range would not help
very much. One of the problems of building a bomb is to make sure that all the explosive goes off. A gas chromatograph is able to differentiate spent and unspent explosive. It would be easier to go off and buy the stuff from multiple sources or
to make ones own explosive from nitrates with oxidants.
I would expect that anyone vacuming up the residue from a gun
club is likely to have difficulty explaining what he is doing.
After all one does not usually go off to play Rambo, then stick
an apron on and start doing the housework.
I personally think that tagants is an insuffieicent approach to
the problem. Given the number of gun related homicides in the
US it is not unreasonable to require each individual cartridge
to be stamped with a serial number and for gun dealers to be required to record each individual purchase. That at least was my advice to the UK govt after Dunblane. If people go arround claiming that ownership of guns is necessary
so that people can commit acts of treason against the US govt
then it is inevitable that there will be pressure for greater
regulation. The NRA has been playing a bad hand stupidly. By
raising the militia argument they have played into the hands
of abolitionists. It would be entirely foolish for the crypto
lobby to allow themselves to be tied to the NRA. The NRA has
no choice but to support civil liberties, there is no reason
why the wider civil liberties movement needs to support the
More significant for crypto  policy is the recent revelations about US spying on the European Union by spoofing CISCO routers
via SNMP. That act should be exploited to drive a wedge between
US attempts to bar use of cryptographic security systems and
the members of the EU.

@_date: 1996-08-07 08:59:25
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Stop the presses -- Anti-terrorism bill not that bad 
First off Alan posted private mail to the list. In this case mail
that was more than simply personal. Secondly unless Alan withdraws his allegations I will bring proceedings
against him for libel. While I accept his right to free speech I do
not accept that he has a right to attempt to restrict mine with his
threats of deportation.

@_date: 1996-08-11 08:17:55
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla Censors taxBomber ..... ?? 
Before people get too carried away the site is still up and appears
to have been up all along. Of course it would be a convenient ploy
to advertise a site of this type by claiming to have been censored.
I had a look at their wares and was not impressed. The diplomatic
passport and "second passport" offers are somewhat pricey at
$10 to $20K. Note that a diplomatic passport does not convey any
status or privileges unless the holders credentials have been accepted by host state. "non-revenue producing investments" will
be familliar to anyone who has traded extensively in that area. Note that no country in the world offers such passports openly, to
do so would be contrary to a number of international conventions. There has been the long running case of the South African immigration
laws which meant that whites used to get citizenship whether they wanted it or not after a stay of about six months. Its possible that
it hasn't been repealed. Note that the statement that the trade is illegal is countered by
the assertion that the documents are genuine. Its very easy to obtain
genuine documents if the right bribes are paid. That does not make
a scheme legal. The various licenses etc appear to be avaliable on condition that you
provide them with appropriate statements as to eligibility. If you
apply for the student's card in this way and you are not a student you are committing fraud. If you are willing to do that you can get
a student ID card much more easily - go to any branch of British Rail in the UK and you can have one for a few quid.
Similarly the various other "offers" tend to be priced rather high. If
you know what the card is being offered you can probably get it legit
much cheaper.  The piece de resistance is the offer of an EU driving license to peoplke from Ireland, Netherlands etc for only $680. Its the same
goddam license! Just go to your embassy and ask them to replace your
current license for an EU pink 'un.
All in all stay well clear.

@_date: 1996-08-11 12:48:13
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Imprisoned for Not Having a Gun? 
Was there a bar against a person obtaining an injunction to
force someone to purchase a gun or a provision providing that
no liabilities would be incurred as a result of not owning one?
The law is much too important to start abusing to make political

@_date: 1996-08-11 13:06:47
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Imprisoned for Not Having a Gun? 
Yes and what happened in the early part of the 20th century
with respect to that area of Europe?

@_date: 1996-08-17 13:40:14
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Lunch with Bill, anyone? 
Butler Lampson and Rashid are both pretty hot. Cutler got NT
to a workable state considerably faster than he got VMS to
one. There are many computer companies that are full of Bozos,
Microsoft isn't one of them. Most of the people griping about
Microsoft can't code any better. I'm interested that Navigator 3b6 crashes several times daily while Internet Explorer has yet to crash on me. I couldn't
care less about fancy features, at this stage I want a browser
that is reliable - like they used to be.

@_date: 1996-08-18 07:45:04
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla - A DataHaven? 
The problem with the debatre on datahavens is that it is
failing to account fo the fact that without the infrastructure
of law business is not possible.
What taxbomber offers is false identification papers. He does
not simply offer fake passports but a whole raft of fake
credentials. If I am offering free services to accredited journalists and someone comes along with a taxbomber supplied
illegitimate press card and obtains free services that is fraud.
Just because a policy for supplying credentials is not fully
effective does not make it legitimate for an individual to make a business out of helping people to criminally exploit its
Similarly libertarian wet dreams about oil rigs chock full of
commandos armed to the teeth with machine guns will remain dreams.
Fact is that under international law an oil rig is regarded as a ship and as such has to be acredited by some recognised
nation. Diplomatic recoginition is not a trivial matter.
Countries only provide recoginition if it is in their interests
and critically it is _governments_ that are recognised.
A declaration of independence by the inhabitants of an oil rig
would be treated in a similar fashion to the Montana freemen.
If the intention was to make international fraud easier then
definitely expect the same treatment.

@_date: 1996-08-18 08:35:05
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Schlafly on crypto 
If we are having a Schlafy bash then i think it fair to bring up
her "Con-Con" paranoia. She has published a series of articles predicting that there will be a "Constitutional Convention" -
that is not one of your ordinary constitutional ammendment sessions
but a wholesale rewritting of the US constitution by a cabal as happened when it was first written.
A typical rant:-
In fact despite Schlafy having predicted such a conference many times
over the past years (I have seen more than 10) her claims are entirely
false, not to say fraudulent. She uses the usual tricks of citing
fraudulent references and making up quotes. In short she is a fraud
hoping to get people to join her foundation to stop a Con con that
nobody is proposing.
I don't think that Schlafy is a usefull aly any more than Bob Dole
basically its just opportunist politicians latching onto the rhetoric
of debates without engaging in the argument. Dole senses that the mood
of the country is pro crypto so he supports that, he senses that it
is anti porn so he will support that.
Basically Schlafy is playing the same game. She is saying things that
she knows will curry favour so she can get people to join her Wacko
club.

@_date: 1996-09-03 07:21:33
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: SCO giving free licenses to UNIX OpenServer 
Errmm.. hate to disappoint but SCO UNIX started life as Xenix which
was written by Microsoft in the dark ages. Multi-user ain't much better. Listen to the guys who built it. UNIX
is a program development environment. In the early years it was
interesting because there was source available, that ceased to be
the case years ago.
Today Linux probably represents the future of the UNIX familly, it
allows people who want to hack at the OS level access to the sources
of a fully functioning OS. This allows people to add in new kernel
features, schedulers and other exotica without having to write a
whole new O/S.
Just don't confuse it with "home computing", this is geek computing
and you better have a lot of interest in computing to use it. Home
computing is the market for users who need a system thats simpler
than a VCR or they can't use it. At one time that meant Apple, today
it means Microsoft, it will never mean Linux - not unless someone
can make Linux much much simpler than it is at present and provide
decent WISIWIG tools such as editors etc. designed for use by aunt

@_date: 1996-09-03 11:52:36
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
If the govt. of Singapore wish to keep their people in ignorance of
corruption it is going to be harder than banning a few newsgroups. I
expect the opposition to be scanning USEnet and like fora for email
ending with .sg and spamming appropriately. The irony of censorship is that its rarely effective and almost always superfluous. The people of singapore are aware that their government is corrupt. They vote it back in because they expect the alternative to be at least as corrupt. Its much like the US where there is a choice
the rightwing authoritarian Republican Party and the authoritarian, rightwing Democrats. There is a big difference between the Canada situation and the Singapore
situation. In Canada the restrictions are temporary and stem from making
the right to a fair trial a higher priority than the right to free
It is a conflict of two competing individual liberties. No observer of
OJ Simpson trial could state that the media coverage did not affect the outcome. The arguments that Mill advances for freedom of speech in On
do not apply in the context of a temporary judicial injunction, they are
utilitarian (suprise) and applying his general principle of "interests"
would favour the temporary restriction.
The situation in Sigapore is simply a corrupt government trying to
legitimate democratic discussion. The intention is not to protect an individuals right to a fair trial, the intention is to restrict argument
It is important that in an international forum people don't start
that their local customs are universally accepted as superior. The
between Canadian and US law is a minor one and relates to different interpretations of a common principle. There is a vast gulf between the
Singapore position and that of either the US or Canada. This is not
a difference of local interpretation.

@_date: 1996-09-03 16:10:11
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
One of the things that you are probably not aware of is that your
government tracks every phone call you make and has a complete list of
everyone who you comunicate with. This information is then used to
identify potential dissidents who can be "monitored" - just like in the
old USSR.
I know that this is a fact because I know people in the business. They
also tell me that they prefer to dissuade people from entertaining
guests at home. The assumption being that the more private conversations
take place the more opportunities to criticise the government there are.
What makes you think that the concept "country" has any legitimacy
The Web is not politically neutral. I intended the Web to be an agent of
social change. The corruption of the present social order should be
apparent from the fact that we destroy food while people starve, the
majority of the worlds population have no political rights and political
participation is only available to a tiny minority.
The Web will have an effect whenever there is an internal inconsistency
within a social order. The interaction of opposed cultures via the Web
will reveal these inconsistencies in a manner that requires them to be
resolved. The people of Singapore are not going to change their government because
the US people convince them of the superiority of US culture. While it
is patriotic for a US citizen to believe a-priori in US superiority it
is unpatriotic for anyone else. What will change the government of
Singapore is revealing the internal inconsistencies of the governments
claims.

@_date: 1996-09-06 06:37:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
Somewhat ironic that the first material to be banned under the
law was by MacKinnon. Meanwhile Dworkin has no credebility at all,
in addition to her "anti-porn" crusading activities she has a line
writing sado-masochistic erotica.
There are equally bad cases in Texas. Two brothers who ran a hydroponics
equipment store got jailed on "conspiracy" charges. There are problems in Canada, no doubt. I was simply pointing out
that the Teal case is a bad example. The Zundel case is a much more
apprpriate one.

@_date: 1996-09-08 09:16:03
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
There is a massive difference between anonymous speech and anonymous
transactions. Anonymous speech can create problems (defamation etc.)
but in the main these are not problems the courts are particularly
good at dealing with. In the UK the libel laws are not so much a redress
for legitimate grievance than a way for a senior Tory to obtain a nice
lump sum towards his pension if he should happen to be filmed handing
over 5000 quid in a breifcase to a prostitute he'd never met.
The "problems" encountered by the Church of Scientology demonstrate that
the court process itself can be imeasurably more harmfull than any
imagined grievance. Should society have laws to protect trades secrets?
Probably , but not to protect the likes of the CoS. If the Internet
makes such laws difficult to enforce then we should return to the
original concerns that prompted society to create the laws in the first
place and see if the Internet provides better was of achieving the same
Anonymous transactions are a rather different matter. It is more
difficult to argue for anonymity. The extreeme examples of Chaumian cash
create considerable difficulties such as making a perfect conduit for
ransom proceeds and the profits of drug trafficing. Simply ignoring
these problems will result in the proponents of anonymity simply being
The principle fear of the authorities appears to be terrorist rather
than normal criminal activities. Terrorism is no longer limited to far
off irredentist struggles that ex-patriates can harbour romantic
thoughts about. The reality the the IRA is an organisation that murders
children by placing a bomb in a rubbish bin outside a MacDonalds has
been brought home to the suporters of Noraid through the bombings of the
World Trade Center, Oaklahoma and Atlanta. If one lives in a country
where there is little terrorism it is easy to imagine that people driven
to extreeme actions are driven by a extreeme situation. If one is faced
with the reality of terrorism one soon reaches the conclusion that its
perpetrators are simply ordinary psychopaths.
Having stated that terrorism is an important concern for the state it is
necessary to ask whether it is necessary to restrict freedom to combat
terrorism. In answering one must bear in mind that a central part of
most terrorist strategies is to force the state to respond with
disproportionate measures (here recent events in Chetchnya indicate that
Trotsky was not widely read in the USSR). Absolutely anonymous cash may create problems, but what if it were
possible to generate small quantities of "marked bills" within an
otherwise anonymous system. If the circumstances under which the marked
bills could be distributed were limited to a small set of tightly
controlled circumstances the legitimate need of the government to oppose
terrorism and organised crime could be met without imposing a Singapore
style system with total monitoring.
In effect what is taking place is a negotiation between two groups, the
government and civil rights activists. If one side refuses to consider
the needs of the other they will be marginalised. Absolutism in politics
is usually a bad thing. Politics usually works through compromises. The
art being to ensure that one compromises the inessential terms in order
to defend the key items.
In the present Presidential race the one policy area in which Clinton is
potentially vulnerable is privacy. Its the one area which the
Republicans could raise and claim it as their own (whether justifiable
or not). The Clinton camp could not move from their current position
without dropping Freeh overboard, since Freeh has run the FBI without
any Ruby ridge or Waco style cockups on his watch I don't think that is
likely to happen. If privacy is raised as a policy concern in this
election it will reoccur in the next and both parties will have to
justify their policies in terms of personal privacy as well as
everything else.
Just because the election is practically settled does not mean that the
campaign will not affect what happens during the administration. Clinton
clearly wants Gore to be his successor and is going to want to make it
as easy as possible for him to win. Clinton is the kind of politician I
can trust - give him an issue and I trust him to look at the opinion
polls. If Dole makes any kind of headway in '96 with a privacy plank
then Gore will have to have one in 2000.

@_date: 1996-09-09 09:34:40
@_author: neo- 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
I don't think the same case can be made for the drug sellers and
militias providing a political justification for the military
industrial complex in the same way the USSR did. It is
true that the USSR was always a more credible threat to hawks
in the pentagon than to people who analysed the situation, many of whom realised that the USSR was facing a terminal crisis
before Afghanistan. Even so I don't think that the drug or millitia
threat could every be hyped to a level which would justify huge
subsidies to Boeing, McDonnald-Douglas, Ratheon etc.
Its interesting that none of the candidates in the current election
are willing to address the question of whether the US really needs
to maintain the military budget at its cold war levels even after
the alledged threat has collapsed. Indeed the Republicans are suggesting spending several billion on building an anti-ballistic
missile system when none of the alledged "threats" has a ballistic
missile with appropriate range in the first place. The likely nuclear
scenario is for someone to smuggle a bomb in in a truck.
US contributions to NORAID dropped by a half in the wake of the Lockerbie incident. Its difficult to make any conclusions about the
current drop in funding since they might be due to the peace process,
domestic terrorism or both. With the possible exception of the activities of the KKK I don't think
you make your case. The KKK explicitly persued a strategy of terror to create a political effect through intimidation. The Unabomber was
probably just a crank for whom the political ideology was merely an
excuse to indulge in psychopathic behaviour, in the absence of a
political motive another would have been found. While this supports
my general comment that terrorism in general is caused by psychopaths rather than people with legitimate grievances I don't think
that the Unabomber fits the normal profile. He was a single individual,
not a group. I don't find the arguments themselves uninteresting. I just find the
mode of argument superficial. If people are arguing in terms of "rights"
but cannot justify why something is a "right" then they are simply
promoting their conclusions to axioms, its begging the question. The
argument is uninteresting because it is not an argument, it is merely
a restatement of the original claim. Arguing the right to bear arms on
the basis of the right to bear arms is not an interesting "argument".
If you read Mill's "On Liberty" you will find that he is very clear that
rights are the consequence of a social/governmental process and that it
is not possible to talk of "rights" outside the context of laws. The difficult philosophical questions of "rights" is recognising when
there is a conflict between rights and deciding which right to
favour over another. I assert that every child has a right to food,
shelter and education, I do so by recourse to a Utilitarian argument
but I could equally well ground my argument in terms of Contractarianism or use a Kantian argument. Now if you assert that
the right of the individual to opt out of society and not pay taxes
is paramount this creates a problem, how is the conflict between the right I propose and the right you propose resolved?
No, that is not necessarily the case. It is usualy usefull to set out
a bargaining position that is maximalist and to avoid being more
reasonable than the opposition. But to stake out a completely extreeme position means that the conclusion may be reached that agreement is not possible at all and that consequently there is no purpose in negotiation.
In order for the pro/anti-abortion camps to become entrenched in the
political process in the manner they have it was necessary for the
anti-abortion people to deliver the Republican party a block vote of about 2 million voters through the Christian Coalition. Its only
possible to take an absolutist position if you can deliver a well defined voting block. The Internet cannot currently deliver such a

@_date: 1996-09-10 05:51:46
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Los Angeles Times article on Helsingius and anon.penet.fi 
The question is not whether defamation is a problem but whether the
courts make the problem better or worse. I think that any analysis
of the behaviour of the scientologists would indicate that the courts
make the problem worse. Similarly the English libel laws have been used
by a long line of crooks and swindlers to extort money. Robert Maxwell
being an extreeme example.
The thing about the Internet is that it is possible to make a reply.
This does not help of course in the example cited, but I don't think
that the Mutlu/Serdar flamebot could have been dealt with through
the court system. (For those of you who don;t know, a poster calling
himself first Hasan B Mutlu, then Serdar Argic used to make insulting
responses to anyone who made a USEnet post about the middle east. Mutlu
was in fact a perl script run by an agent of the Turkish intelligence
services, the objective being to discredit all mention of the Turkish
massacre of the Armenians through use of counter propaganda. Mutlu
dissapeared from the net at the same time that the sysop of the system he was posting from was deported for overstaying his visa.

@_date: 1996-09-10 08:42:52
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
I'm trying to work out just what sort of confused idea is going on
here. Save the Children is an international charity that is based
in the UK. It is ultra respectable, Princess Ann being its president
and very active in that role (ie not merely titular). Its also a-political which it has to be for tax reasons and because otherwise the royals couldn't have anything to do with it.
Their main mission is sending food to Ethiopia and other famine
areas, development work etc. It is ultra-worthy stuff.
I think that a more rational explanation of the Dennys case is that
being weasels the Dennys management decided they needed some good PR
before the judgement brought them bad PR.
Its the consumers who create a market. If someone burgals your house and
I knowingly buy the stolen goods its a crime.

@_date: 1996-09-12 04:42:30
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
The status of such treaties governing internal policies is very suspect.
In the first place a great many of the countries that signed the
treaty will not exist. Technically neither Germany nor France exist in
that form since both have been reformed under entirely new
In addition it is always open to a soveriegn nation to abrogate a
This may entail sanctions but unless the UN were involved it would be unlikely in the extreeme that any significant effect would be caused.
At this stage a UN resolution would seem more relevant than a treaty
from 1911 intended to entrench Victorian morality.
As a European I note that the US happily gives itself the "right" to
unilaterally withdraw from treaties of far more significance such as
SALT-II or GATT on entirely spurious grounds. The US has also withdrawn
from the World court after being found guilty of terrorist acts in Nicaragua. As such the likes of Bruce Taylor don't exactly have a strong
case. If the US thinks it can pick and choose amongst its international
obligations then other countries are likely to consider they have equal
rights to do so.
I don't think that kiddie porn is likely to be the breaking factor
Anyone who has been following the European news will understand that
events in Belgium makes that exceptionaly unlikely. I think it most unlikely that any President would be foolish enough to send Mr Taylor over to explain US demands. He is transparently disingenuous and conveniently ill-informed. The small town American parochialism he
represents is even less popular in Europe than in California or
amongst East coast intellectuals.
Where I see a more likely breaking point is over cannabis which many
countries are finding disproportionately expensive to control. Since the US is rapidly becomming the worlds largest supplier demands from
that quarter may be treated with less than full concern. Spain and
the Netherlands have both reformed their drug laws and the UK may well end up doing so in the long term, reform of the prostitution
laws will probably come first however.

@_date: 1996-09-13 08:24:10
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: What is best policy paper on crypto? 
I agree that the NAS report is the one to use. Its from an authoratative
source and the conclusions are pretty reasonable. Its perhaps not as far
as some would like to go but if we got there it would be livable. Given
where we are it would make a good first step.
Some good lines from the talk included:
Re Dennings "If you know what I know argument", basically Lin said that
he did know and it made no difference at all to his point of view. Also
13 of the 16 members of the committee got "the briefing" - which is
all Dorothy bless her socks got, and the report was unanimous.
Re who is behind the anti crypto policy, its Freeh at the FBI and not
the NSA. The NSA know crypto and don't really care all that much. Gore
credited as guy who is holding Freeh back.
Seemed a reasonable enough guy, but a number in the audience were upset
that they didn't have someone like Dorothy who we can throw tomatoes at.

@_date: 1996-09-13 09:07:44
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: [Long] A history of Netscape/MSIE problems 
Some comments:-
1) Netscape were using BSafe but Kipp unhooked the ergodicity testing
code which is meant to detect inadequate random number generation
Netscape got full access to Bsafe in return for 1% of Netscape stock.
2) Most serious concern was not the 40bit part. That was simply the US
govt making the security a joke and there was nothing that Kipp or
anyone else could do about it.
More serious were the structural problems, SSL cannot be used across a
firewall (unless the admin is a twit) because it is entirely opaque. SSL
is not very good as an authentication only option.
There is no facility for escrow of keys - another essential feature if
you are to use it inside a corporation. If I am the CIO of IBM I'm not
having the company secrets go out the door via some encrypted stream I
can't read. Similarly banks and nuclear power stations have a legit need
to snoop on their own lans.
3) Microsoft proposed PCT because they wanted to force Netscape to make
SSL an open standard rather than one Netscape could tweak as they liked
and freeze Microsoft out of the picture. Quite how they would imagine
that anyone would want to ever do such a thing...
4) The initial weakness exposed in SSL was that integrity attacks had
not been considered at all. It took a while to explain that this was in
fact a more pressing concern than confidentiality in many applications.
The SSL.v2 integrity was not actually bound to a particular site. Simon
Spero produced a rather nice proxy server which allowed one to reroute
URLs but keep the key intact. (ie connect to foobar.com and get the
netscape home page).
There was a long list of security holes in SSL, PCT plugged a good
number of them and SSL v3 plugged a few. The overall design never gave
me confidence however. Like much Netscape stuff they start with an
over-simple view of the problem spec and then try to solve problems by
adding extra ornaments.

@_date: 1996-09-13 09:37:16
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Court challenge to AOL junk-mail blocks 
Balls, the green card lawyers minions ratted on them. The number of
from interested people was small and the amount of business they
obtained even smaller. The cost of going through all the mail, getting new net
and such left them with a net loss which is why they are no longer in

@_date: 1996-09-13 11:32:09
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
Yeah, thats why we Europeans have labour laws that prevent
from doing any such thing without getting sued from here to eternity.
Pity you guys missed out on the idea of trades unions and think that
employment is some kind of serfdom in which you loose all your rights
the day you sign up. If you hadn't sold your government to the cooprorations
a while back you might have got out of the middle ages.
I suspect that even under the weak as dishwater employment laws that
you have in the US would provide ample opportunity to file a
When that type of thing happens, they don't give the reason, they do
it behind closed doors. How do you fight that?

@_date: 1996-09-14 04:50:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [Long] A history of Netscape/MSIE problems 
Tom wrote,
Sorry Tom, should have made a bit clearer the difference between the pre-Weinstein/El-Gamal and post era a little better. Also what I meant to say was that SSLv3 plugged a few that PCT had done differently.
The remaining probnlems as I see it are of approach. The security in
SSL is not in the right layer to support collaboration. Thats not to say
its a bad thing to have SSL and SSL makes a lot more sense to me than
IP-SEC does, but then I always prefer security thats higher in the
protocol stack. SSL strikes me as a credible prospect for pervasive
low level security across all IP protocols while IP-sec would be nice
but will probably take a decade to become ubiquitous.
The problem with SSL is that using a public key based protocol to protect a password is something of a technology mismatch. I want
the flexibility that public key auth gives me available at the application level.
There is no real model for how SSL provides security in a distributed
authoring environment. If I want to distribute encrypted documents
from one server and keys from another, have an authoring tool sign
a document in a non repudiable manner and integrate that through to
the authorisation system there is not really a means to do it.
I don't think that S-HTTP helps either, its too baroque. If all one
wants to do is sign a document being transmitted in http then whats
wrong with a Content-Signature: tag? If you want to encrypt on a symmetric key which is known to the firewall and want the firewall
to know what is going on then whats wrong with using chunked encoding?
Similarly whats wrong with a simple MAC function signing each message
body? If one incorporates a wrapping mechanism then one can control the level of security in an arbitary manner, exposing or concealing
as much as one wants. I've never understood why S-HTTP needed so much
mechanism to achieve all that.

@_date: 1996-09-15 07:02:59
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
Perry, hate to burst your bubble but unemployment in the UK _trippled_
in the first eighteen months of rule by that great socialist Margret
Thatcher. One third of UK manufaturing industry went bankrupt in the
only large scale application of Freedman's ideas.
The UK only began to recover after the monetarist policies were
consigned to the dustbin. Unemployment remained high despite a sustained
attack on workers rights. The scenario you described is an unjust one but it would be equally
unjust if the company was bought out and the new owner decided to sack
all black people and people called "Perry". You were the one who brought
up the issue of fairness.

@_date: 1996-09-16 06:19:49
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
Its difficult to know what the US definition of "socialism" is.
on Cypherpunks. I would consider it reasonable to call Thatcher a
and authoratarian which many on the list consider to be the definition
of socialism.
I would prefer to have the ecconomic figures for any European country
those of the UK. At the start of the Conservative rule the UK was the second biggest ecconomy. Today we have just been overtaken by Spain.
Italy and France overtook long ago.
With the exception of the UK the politics in Europe are much more left
wing than those of the states. Excluding Major there is no European
head of government to the right of Clinton. Its not really a case of "too socialist" as the natural rotation of power amongst the parties.

@_date: 1996-09-16 12:12:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
Easy enough for you or me who can charge the minimum wage rate
for an hour for a period more like a minute.
The point is that Perry was making an appeal to "fairness" in which
the cause of the unfairness is pretty much immaterial. If you believe
that Digitronics has the right to behave as described then why don't
they have the right to draw up lists of suspicious people. We've seen libertopia - its the world of Neuromancer or Bladerunner.
When I described it "Medieval" on a talk show recently, William Gibson responded with the term "Reaganite". Being opposed to government slavery isn't enough. Coorporate slavery
is just as bad. Unless people are enfranchised ecconmically as
well as politically the political liberties don't matter much. I'm quite happy to allow Bill G. the run of the Internet because if
he becomes too powerful and becomes a threat to society itself I don't mind the used of government power to break up a monopoly. On
the other hand various people on this list get tied up in knots
trying to have it both ways, to be pro-coorporatism in general
but anti the kind of coorporatism that they don't like. I am on an SPL that is run by an organisation called the "Ecconomic
League". It is an organisation run by the UK Conservative party which keeps lists of "unsafe" employees. Of course the list is available for government repression as well if they choose - except
that few would give it any credibility. In November 55 odd percent of the population will vote for Clinton who is not an opponent of government. About 35% will
vote for Dole who is even more pro-government having spent
his time in the Sentate getting favours for friends like
Archer-Daniels-Midland. Most of the remainder will vote for Dole appart from an insignificant number that will vote for the Libertarian and Green candidates. If you insist on such a selective interpretation of rights you will continue to be ineffective since the Libertarian party
cannot get anywhere under the US electoral system and the
Republican party is at present controlled by the control freaks
of the Christian Coalition.
If on the other hand you ditch the ecconomic rhetoric you can
be very influential on the left because they are looking for ways
to capture traditional republican positions. With the Republicans
proposing seven consitutional ammendments in their platform that
leaves open an opportunity for the Democrats to step in as the
protectors of the constitution. If someone can work out a way of squaring the Freeh situation you can basically write the platform for Gore's campaign in 2000.

@_date: 1996-09-17 03:43:03
@_author: sarcastic laughter 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
The Tories put an exclusion into the act deliberately to cover the
Ecconomic League. Only record which are kept on computer are covered.
The Ecconomic League deliberately keeps all its records on paper to
avoid the act.
Its simply an example of privatized abuse. The information is available
to the government for party political work but they cannot be questioned about its activities because they "arn't involved" (sarcastic laughter).
This is the same government which used MI5 to monitor the activities of the peace movement and which used 5000 crack troops to evict 50 elderly
women from land they wanted to turn into a missile base. Whether you
agree or disagree with the policies the methods sound very much like those
of Hoover at the FBI with a strong dose of Nixon thrown in.

@_date: 1996-09-17 11:01:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Spam blacklist project 
maintained a list of people who don't want to recive SPAM? The idea
being that email recpients who don't want SPAM send their email
address to the list. A SPAMer who want to check an email to see
if it is on the list could then obtain the SHA-Digested list of
addresses and remove them from their internal databases.
be 100% effective. Without government regulation there will
always be slimeballs who send mail to people who don't want it.
the spam industry can avoid regulation pressure and they can
deflect criticism. Meanwhile recipients of unwanted spam have a legitimate beef.

@_date: 1996-09-17 11:18:12
@_author: Assassination Politics 
@_subject: Re: Kiddie porn on the Internet 
The problem is that assasination rarely leads to the installation of
a government that is any better. In most cases it gets worse.
In the past the US excuse for supporting bloodthirsty murderers like
Pinochet, Saddam, Marcos and Noriega was that the alternative was
In cases like Eritrea or Ethiopia the average term of office of any given despot tends to be rather short in any case. In most cases its
a case of there being little to choose between the leaders of the various factions and that ending the war on any terms is better than allowing it to continue.

@_date: 1996-09-17 16:57:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Spam blacklist project 
Well if some people find it amazing that there are people out there
who agree with the 98.8% of people who did not vote Libertarian at the
last election then so be it.
It might have occurred to you but if an industry gets its act together
and provides itself with a fig leaf it gets regulated a lot less than
if it says "up yours we don't believe you have the right". If it wasn;t for knowing how inane peole are on the net I would think the Hi
Spammer to be an agent provocateur. Sending spam with a gratuitous "you
can't stop me" message attached is an invitation in itself. The terrorists
helpgroup stuff at his site hardly helps his cause either. All in all he
looks like a custom made provocation to show to some senator like Exon
and get a crackpot bill passed PDQ. Are people sure the guy isn't a front being run by some disgruntled tele-marketing or junk mail house that feels
it is in danger of loosing business?

@_date: 1996-09-25 11:25:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Fruitcake Politics cont. [Noise] 
And Mr Dupont claims to be the Dalai Lama...
In the diatribe you proceed to spew forth you define "fraud" as tax collection. In other words you are calling for the murder of the members
of the IRS. I don't consider your position to be distinguishable from that of the Oaklahoma city bombers.
Interestingly enough the paragraph that begins by claiming there are at least three points runs out of steam after only two. In fact it is not argued from a classical libertarian or liberal position as claimed. The classical liberal position is that there are no rights without law so AP is self contradictory. I consider the
authority of Rawls and Cohen on this one somewhat more persuasive
than Bell. Mills certainly argues from this position but I can't claim to have discussed it with Mills :-)
I don't think that Nozdic would accept the argument either. It is
entirely from false analogies. In law the right of self defense is
limited. You are not entitled to kill someone if you fear that they
might tread on your toe. The force used has to be both necessary and
commensurate. To argue that one is entitled to murder IRS agents
because you disagree with the legitimacy of taxes is certainly not
a liberal position.
It also wont do to disown the consequences of the scheme. Of course it would be the perfect scheme for getting rid of unwanted spouses
etc. Simply dismissing this as an "unfortunate" side effect is
not credible. Its like Teller's scheme to build a second panama
canal using A bombs, describing the radiation damage caused as
an unfortunate side effect.

@_date: 1996-09-27 16:21:31
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Weaknesses in Smart Cards? (Re: FLA_wed) 
Its worse than that. The Bellcore piece was presented as being
about a possible weakness in MONDEX. In fact MONDEX does not use the
cryptographic technique investigated. Its a symmetric key (DES)
based system. I would immagine they would keep a symmetric component even if they go for a public key system.
BTW if you think carefully about MONDEX you will note that a
public key system does not improve security. The system depends on private keys embedded in the devices. There is
no value in having the devices use public key signatures over symetric ones.
PS whats the betting that anyone at a high profile site who
happens to be offline for a few hours to (say) change service providers will be reported as having been "hacked"?

@_date: 1996-09-28 09:43:43
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: In defense, sort of, of Phill Hallam-Baker 
Of course socialism is grounded in paternalism. Robert Owen, its founder
was in his day the equivalent of Steve Jobs, an extreemly rich and
merchant who considered that wealth also implied responsibility.
If people want to have a sensible disscussion about technology and
then I think that keeping the discussion grounded in reality is a good
I don't think that the political situation is going in a libertarian direction, quite the opposite. I see technology as having greatly
the power of government and that it will be necessary to institute
and balances to make it work. I also think that you are being very naive with regards to the threat
by corporations to individual liberties. I see no reason to distinguish between corporate intrusions and state intrusions except in one respect.
If we can't find a way to make society work without some form of
the agency that is responsible has to be under democratic control.
I think that unless the case for privacy is put in a way which society
at large accepts then Freeh and the corporations will win. HMOs will be
touting peoples medical records on the open market (many already do),
employers will vet empoloyees on the basis of reports drawing on
on video rentals and so on.
I certainly don't agree with Denning or Sternlight. Sternlight is either
fool or an invention of the NSA. Denning bases her argument against
on hidden sources. I know my experience in the area concerned to be significantly greater than hers since if she had operational experience
would say so.

@_date: 1996-10-18 08:47:25
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: is there no end to AP & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
On the other hand it would provide said war criminals with a convenient
mechanism for carrying out their crimes. It does not work for Bell and his appologists to wave their hands and
say "trust me it will be better". There is absolutely no reason to
believe that AP markets would be used by anyone but psychopaths. No mechanism is proposed which restricts the purposes to which the AP
markets can be put. They would inevitably be used by the KKK and
neo-NAZI groups for hate-crimes.
Rights do not exist outside a legal framework that supports them.
from natural law have been discredited for 300+ years. Such arguments
merely reify the prejudices of one society into axiomatic rights without
the bother of having to justify them. There is no logical basis to
prefer the "rights" of th US constitution over the "rights" recognised
by the Islamic Jihad.
If you read the US declaration of Independence it is very clear that its
authors rejected natural law arguments. The rights that they hold to be
"self evident" are extreemly abstract principles which could be
justified within almost any ethical system. The removal of the word
"God" was deliberate and reflects a concious rejection of the natural
law argument. AP is self-contradictory. It claims to uphold "rights" by infringing
them massively and disproportionately and in such a way that no rights
would remain. It is impossible to justify AP except in extreeme
authoritarian terms that could be used to justify any system of
government.

@_date: 1996-10-19 11:08:43
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Re: is there no end to Murder Politics & Creative Wiretap Arguments? 
You hve absolutely no idea of what is happening in Bosnia. There
is widespread support in each of the communities for genocide policies. You do not demonstrate any reason why people would be more interested
in murdering politicians than other people. You assume that contract murderers do not have political or social
agendas of their own. A member of the KKK is much more likely to become a contract killer than a liberal. Murder Politics (lets give your psychopathic scheme an acurate name)
will never be functional. If anonymous cash implied muder politics then
society would be right to reject anonymous cash. It is easily done
since money only has value so long as it is convertable. Not only are rights dependent on a social infrastructure that
guarantees that they will be respected but currency is as well.
Without the social and political infrastructure of the US government a dollar bill has only the value of the paper its printed on. An electronic balance has zero value. If you want to live in a society where the political system has been
"reformed" through murder of inconvenient politicians then go and
live in Columbia. Its the nearest thing you will find on the planet
to libertopia.

@_date: 1996-10-29 09:17:02
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Rumours of NSA breakin 
of the NSA Web server but no hard evidence. The claim made is
that several Mb of files were downloaded from the server and
posted to the "Internet". I can't see it in sci.crypt or alt.conspiracy though.
files in question were not considered sensitive - and there is
no reason to believe that the NSA would be keeing anything
secret on their Web server. Banks do not keep money stuffed under
mattresses and the NSA does not keep secrets on Internet servers.
the DOJ hack was on the 19th August, the CIA one on the 19th
of September. It is no secret that several sites were watching
out for attacks on the 19th October.
alledged event?

@_date: 1996-10-29 14:46:06
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: FDA_dis 
Characterising this as the "traditional liberal view" is somewhat
its not as if Bob Dole or Newt Gingrich would disagree much. The
argument is
more over which special interest group is to be advantaged by changes in regulation. If I was a citizen of a country where the government was
by a billion dollars of corporate contributions I might be a
Its important to remember that its the World Wide Web and not simply
to the US. As long as US companies set up subsidiaries in Europe they
will be constrained by European law. In the net.age law is becomming a
export for many countries. Regulation is not necessarily anti-commerce. UK beef farmers would be
off today if there had been more regulation, a weak "free-market"
attitude to public health has destroyed the entire industry. It is often in a
commercial interest to voluntarily agree to be regulated. Microsoft
recently signed an agreement to be bound by the European computer privacy
regulations because by doing so they gained a business advantage - people would
trust them with their data.
Much of the advertising regulation being discussed is private, agreement
standard formats for image placements for example. There is existing
regulation of advertising in many countries however. In particular much stricter control over advertising of drugs, making misleading statements
advertising and so on.In the UK  there is regulation of advertising
the advertising standards council which is a voluntary body in the sense that it has no statutory enforcement powers but has practical authority because the publishers will not publishe ads that fall foul of its
A more serious problem however is likely to be dramatically different
cultural norms. In the US people expect to be lied to in adverts. In
where there is regulation of advertising there is a general expectation
for comparisons to be fair and for ads to be truthful. I'm just waiting
for a major corporation to create an Intel scale PR disaster by applying
sleasly US style marketing techniques in markets where the downside is
very large. One recent example is Hoover which had a $30 odd million debacle over a "free flights" giveaway that was based on sleasly US
marketing techniques. The company ended up having to live up to the
spirit of its offer rather than the letter as it intended simply to
preserve the value of the brand.
If you don't believe in anti trust laws there is no basis on which you
can object to the sort of regulation by cabal that the advertising
standards council represents. Of course such cabals cannot exist in the
libertarian belief system since their existence is denied a-priori by invoking the spirit of Milton Freedman. Milton Freedmen is of course
a rightwing ecconomist whose theories are widely admired by free
market ecconomists who admire Mitlon Freedman.

@_date: 1996-10-31 08:27:53
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
Or of being ignored entirely. I quite often know something that I can't
point to proof of. I wouldn't try to use such evidence in an argument
as "proof". Acting on rumour is ultimately self defeating. The republicans have been
dirt digging on Whitewater for four years and have failed to unearth
anything. As a result they are finding it very difficult to get
anywhere with their latest allegations of campaign corruption which are probably true. Of course they might not be having any effect for
other reasons such as the fact that its Bob Dole's campaign vice-president thats in jail for corruption at the moment and not
Clinton's but the general principle holds, you don't shoot until
you know you can hit the target.
Actually the police are currently asking for permission to use wiretap
evidence in court. There is some opposition because there are those who want to keep the extent of the capability quiet. There is very good
for widespread use of wiretaps and SIGINT against the IRA.
Since when was cash annonymous? In the UK each banknote has a serial
number which is recorded at the banks when it is passed arround. There is no
reason why the US federal reserve wouldn't have added it to its existing note
processing machinery since they must read the serial number during their checks for countrefeit notes.
If Mondex said their product was "like cash" that does not mean they
claimed it to be anonymous.

@_date: 1996-11-03 17:05:10
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: FDA_dis 
Without wishing to respond in detail to Hayes's drivel I'll just
point out that Shell's involvement with Nigeria is hardly beyond
question. It doesn't take a genius to realise that sanctions against Nigeria would hurt Shell's interest. Perhaps its just
me but I don't consider it altruism when a company acts in its
own interests.

@_date: 1996-11-04 20:58:02
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis 
Of course John was right to give Vilus the boot. Cypherpunks is a club
and like many private clubs occasionaly finds it necessary to give some
oik the boot.
And of course this is not an action that can be strictly justified in
terms of absolute rights which many are fond of prating on about. Rights
are limited, as Mills observes they are a product of law. Society finds
it necessary to enact laws to protect rights. Dmitri's posts were
affecting other people's right to speak. There is thus the traditional
liberal conflict, that of having to infringe rights to protect them.
If libertarians would read "on Liberty" rather than using it like
a magic charm they would know that the main theory it advances is of
the *balance* between the rights of communities and the rights of
individuals. The genius of Mills is that he shows that the "rights" of government
stem from its duty to protect the "rights" of the citizens.
Its an imperfect answer because the notiopn of "citizenship" it advances
fails to take any account of foreign relations. Mill's rationale for obeying laws breaks down when one crosses national borders for example.
Rather than "should", try the word "is". One of the things the Web demonstrates is that there are such communities. I would not state the
action in terms of "excommunication", rather consider that John took
the action on behalf of the community for the good of the community as a If we could get away from the bleating denials of the need for
and instead consider them as a positive force, preventing a power vacum
that others would fill a synthesis can be reached. The founders of the
US realised that to pervent tyranny it was necessary to have different branches and levels of government. The essential point being however to
prevent power being used.
When a community of people get together they can exercise far more power
than individuals acting alone. Sometimes this power can be for the
good, other times it can be the sectarian persuit of one minorities interests against another.

@_date: 1996-11-05 10:49:08
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis 
Both sentences say the same thing. Society enacts laws which
provide protections to the individual. As a result of these
protections the individual has rights.
The decision to enact laws may be affected by a consensus in society concerning which rights are desirable. But this
does not affect the fact that the realisation of rights is
a through society and law.
If you like you could replace the word "protect" with "create"
but most laws enacted don't create rights, rather they continue
to preserve previously granted rights which are under threat.
And then you get the type of laws which Bod Dole so ardently fought for such as special favours to Archer Daniel Midlands,
the Kansas Argi-business which recently paid a $100 million
corruption fine. Of course power can be exercised in a corrupt
If you admit that rights are simply abstract conclusions from
a wider arguement based in more fundamental principles then
there is some purpose to the discussion. Otherwise the argument
is simply a stale restatement of the axioms as the conclusion.
If we return to the original basis on which Mill opposed censorship
its not hard to find out why Dimitri is denied his support. The
argument is based on the need to keep alive debate. Dimitri wants
to prevent debate, he does not wish to meet with the argument,
he merely wishes to indulge in character assasinations and insults.

@_date: 1996-11-05 12:43:14
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis 
They are mutually recursive but the types of the relations are Laws create rights	- argument in "is"
=> Should create good laws to protect valid rights.
Of course the two sentences don't say exactly the same thing, otherwise I would have written one.
If law did not have the potential to create rights there  would
not be the same duty of care for law creators.
I'll tell you what, ill admit that my original statement was
not of the clarity that I would ideally wish to achieve. But
I don't think that we need apply the criteria of a journal article
here. :-)
I don't think we have a problem with the statements conflicting,
there is an interaction. What a Hegelian would call dilectic. I prefer to use a different term for much the same reasons as
Sorros, the misuse of the term has created garbage that one
does not want to associate with (eg Historical materialism).

@_date: 1996-11-06 09:52:46
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis 
If you look at the original argument you will see that I'm explicitly
denying the existence of Natural law. It has been recognised as a
bankrupt philosophical position for at least two centuries.
Its not even the basis for Libertarian argument which is principaly
contractarian. The change in the wording of the declaration of Independence from
"God Given" to "Self Evident" reflects the wider philosophical
movement of the time. After Rousseau there was no need to depend on
superstition as the foundation of ethics.
If you argue from "natural law" you are simply parrotting the
predjudices of society. It isn't philosophy, its more akin to the
religious bigotry popular in the US South and Afghanistan.

@_date: 1996-11-22 11:26:25
@_author: "Phillip M Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Patent Fight Could Add to Cost of Inter 
Having been at CERN at the time and having been the first person to incorporate JPEG into a browser (Arena) I know this to be incorrect.
We intended to put JPEG into the browsers from before the time that Marc introduced the IMG tag. Indeed a principle point of discussion
on the list was how to cope with multiple formats. We knew that
GIF was poor and that 24 bit screens would soon become the standard.
On the other hand GIF was better for icons, line drawings and such
and had better support from tools. The question was how to do content
negotiation well and support the best configuration for the particular hardware. Marc did not exactly allow much time for comment on the
list and chose to interpret the constructive criticism of his IMG tag
as opposition to the idea of transcluded images. Actually the question
was whether images should be a special class of transcluded object,
it really should be possible to transclude HTML within HTML, something
that frames attempts to do but not particularly well.
The patent issue was not of CompuServe's making. They were unaware of the
UNISYS patent when they developed the spec and had they known about it
would have developed GIF differently. When UNISYS asserted their patent
rights CompuServe had no choice to pay up, they did however negotiate
a blanket license agreement which has assisted the rest of the industry
in making agreements.
The main effect of the patent issue was to give added impetus to the PNG (prn. "Ping!") which is a patent free extension of the GIF idea.
Unlike GIF PNG is designed to work on the 24 bit displays we use
today and provide a good, general purpose standard for interchange of
images in a lossless manner. JPEG is fine for presentation of images
but useless as an editing format since it looses information on each cycle. It is also poor at handling line drawings and other non photographic sources (the P in JPEG is Photographic).
It would be nice if the industry would support PNG more widely since
its probably the best piece of original work to come out of the
Web consortium. I believe that Microsoft are supporting it in their
next browser release and even if they don't both 4.0 browsers are
much better at supporting plug ins.

@_date: 1996-11-22 15:46:48
@_author: "Phillip M Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Software distribution the cypherpunks way? Was: Patent Fight Could Add to Cost of Inter 
This turned into a long article on software distribution.
Although this is one of the most bogus and indefensible patent claims
about I don't think it has any material bearing on the Web. Any that
it does have is likely to be beneficial since the Freeny model is inherently broken and non-Web.
What Freeny does is to claim the idea of encrypting an information product, delivering it through a computer network (though not a
physical medium, there is another patent that claims that), and selling
the decryption key rather than the product. It is a hot idea if you are
trapped in traditional, pre-Web thinking but not if you understand
the dynamics of the net.
The problem is that encryption is not such a great barrier to preventing proliferation of software. If encryption is free than you might as well add it in, if there are patent costs then you have
to ask what precisely you gain from encryption. The problem is that the information good has to be decrypted before use. Since it is
very difficult to prevent copying after the decryption has occurred
all that the encryption is really doing is to slow down the process
of proliferation.
A more important question is what if anything one gains from preventing proliferation. Microsoft has not been hurt by the massive
bootleg copying of its software, far from it. Many business users
are keen to buy non copy protected software because they can then
obtain a "free" copy for their home machine at no cost to themselves. This minor peculation is in my view the principle reason for the dominance of the PC in the home market. There is no good
reason why a person would buy a $2000 business machine rather
than a $500 home machine when the latter plays much better games.
But add the idea that one can use the software bought by one's employer and the PC looks the better buy.
I believe that the success of Netscape demonstrates that copy protection is a bad idea. If you believe in free markets then the price of any given product is going to come down to the marginal
cost of production. For software sold via the net the marginal
cost is pretty close to zero. The price of the various "Office" bundles sold via the stores is astonishingly low. $200 for MSOffice
or Corel Office is a silly price. If the product is bundled with
the machine the price gets even sillier - a few dollars. I expect
that before long we will see machines coming bundled with more than
one office suite because the prices are just too low to make the choice irrelevant. An important fact to bear in mind is that companies are in general
interested in being honest. There is little incentive for an employee to cheat the software vendor. The cost of lawsuits is a
good deterrence since the type of company where management are
likely to encourage software theft is also the type of company
that is likely to have disgruntled ex-employees willing to inform.
As a system manager my principle interest in net O/S such as WNT and VMS is that they have good, centralized and standardized
licensing mechanisms that allow me to make sure that the software
has been paid for. Its another reason why site licenses are useful!
The price of net software is likely to be close to the price
the OEM pays, a few dollars. This is likely to be structured
somewhat differently however. I expect to see growth of two trends, software rental and componentware.
Componentware, selling the package in small increments is a
poor proposition if selling via physical media. The cost of
a CDROM is low, (few cents), but the cost of post and packing
is high. Selling componentware via the net is considerably more interesting. Just as I paid a few bucks for my XV program,
I'm willing to pay a couple of bucks for additional input filters. I'd certainly be willing to pay a couple of bucks
for specialized document tools or specialized canned document formats (e.g. IDEF0, ESA-Requirements whatever). I see the
potential for componentware being primarily low cost, high
volume. Componentware is now on the brink of being practical for three
reasons. First as previously stated the net makes distribution
costs lower. Second modern software applications are considerably
more "open" to extension than previously. In the past most
software houses attempted to produce products that satisfied every
need. Today the large software houses realize that they cannot
hope to satisfy every need but that if they can cover 95% of
a persons needs in a way that allows them to add in the remaining
5% everyone is happy. Finally, Java has legitimized the componentware idea. Its worth noting that the technical suitability
of Java to the task is irrelevant. What is important is the fact
that several hundred startup companies have been created to do nothing else than make Java applets. Such companies are effectively
committed to make componentware work and it is inevitable that
at least one will succeed in establishing a paradigm for the
others to copy.
The second interesting development is software rental. To an extent this already occurs since the rapid rate of software
development means that software rapidly becomes obsolete. Anyone
who is using WordPerfect 3.1 for more than a few hours a year
should probably upgrade to the latest version simply because it offers so much more functionality. The recent move by Microsoft
to incorporate the year into their products is intended to encourage frequent software upgrades. It is a small step from
this model to one in which software is "leased" for a period of
a year or more at a time.
Of course both componentware and rental strategies have been around before the net existed. What the net does is to change
the economics so that low cost, high volume is the mainstream
strategy. Software rental traditionally involves expensive
agreements, typically brokered by lawyers on both sides. The
network means that it will become economic to rent software
in low volume and for short periods.
Joining the componentware and rental strategies together would
point to a distribution strategy in which a corporation would lease a certain number of seats worth of fully updated packages.
The seats would be continuously updated on a daily basis as additional components passed the supplier's QA.
In this model the purchaser is buying the up-todateness of the package. There would be little value in bootlegging
the software since its unlikely that the bootleg version would be anything like as convenient.
There would also be scope for different levels of uptodateness.
Just as the Microsoft developer network delivers a bulging binder full of CDs to my desk each quarter there will inevitably be a large number of developers willing to risk buggy software to have access to the cutting edge technology. On the other hand there will be people who prefer to wait until others have found the bugs, waiting a judicious length of time before updating
unless a patch is a response to a known bug.
Encrypting the distribution process might be worthwhile to reduce fraud but the main vulnerability is probably
unauthorized copying after distribution. What the Freeny patent covers is thus the old model of software
distribution in the new sales paradigm. There is little point in
taking costly measures to protect the copyright of products being sold for small dollar amounts. First Virtual proves this.
Where more expensive software is concerned it would ideally be
best to use the net. But here the price of the patent is simply
too much. The 1% extorted under the patent would easily pay
an intern to stuff a CD in an envelope and send it.
The role for encryption in the software distribution process
is in authenticating the delivered goods. The role of encryption is to provide privacy. It is very hard to keep a secret that
every one knows about, still harder to sell information  that is
public knowledge. The net is not an information economy, it
is an access to information technology. Nobody will profit
from merely selling information, they will have to sell the ability to access information in better ways, better indexing,
faster access, lower publication delays and so on.
PS in checking this document Microsoft's spellchecker suggested
"Mosaic" when checking the word MSOffice!

@_date: 1996-11-27 11:44:35
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: IQ and age 
Contrary to popular belief there is no sound evidence for believing many
of the claims made for IQ tests. IQ measures ones ability to do IQ tests and little else. They were originally invented as a means of measuring the response of mentally defective patients so that their progress under different
treatment regimes could be compared. There is no evidence to support the many claims made that IQ measures
"innate" intelligence. If you practice IQ tests your score will increase.
When I was 10 I used to spend each Friday afternoon practicing IQ tests for the entry examination to the upper school. My "IQ" increased by
30 points over that time, an most of the people in the class managed
to improve their score by at least 10.
Absolutely, it may not be the best idea if you want to be able to fit
in socially however. You will then have to leave in a world where everyone you meet has a lower IQ.

@_date: 1996-11-27 11:44:41
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Star Trek: First Contact 
Actually the opposite is the case, he is a notorious womanizer. He played
a gay man in the recent remake of La Cage aux Folles and made the point
that he has also played Stjannus in "I Claudius" and nobody asked if he
was a homicidal maniac.
Yet more proof that nothing Dimitri says is relevant or interesting.

@_date: 1996-12-15 16:00:20
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Why PICS is the wrong approach 
Dale Thorn  wrote in article <58q40v$k22
I think there are two issues here, Firefly and PICS. Confusing one
with the other is a bad thing. PICS is simply one way of applying labels
to content. Its sole reason for being was to head off the CDA. Now
that the judicial route has been taken I see little likelyhood that PICS
can succeed since either the supreme court will uphold the CDA
and we have the Singapore scenario or the CDA gets booted out and the matter is over.
If the US congress had wanted to do any good instead of making
itself look good then the voluntary approach of PICS with the
multiple rating schemes was the one most likely to work. I don't
think that it would stop 16 year olds from seeing pornography
but since children of that age are in most jurdisdictions permitted
by law to engage in sex on their own account it seems a bit bizare
to prohibit them from seeing pictures of sexual acts.
The problem with Firefly is that its a good(ish) idea baddly implemented. The much vaunted "agent" technology uses only a
very primitive nearest neighbour type match. There is no attempt
to draw structural inferences from the material, such as abstractions.
For example if I enjoy Dire Straights and Peter Gabriel then a
shop assistant would peg me as a late 70s rock fan and point
me towards the Fleetwood Mac and such. Firefly has 50% of
the structure needed to produce interesting matches but lacks the ability to make inferences. At least if it is the same
technology as Ringo, the previous generation.
This shortcomming of Ringo means that it is very slow work
training it. To get a useful measure it needs hundreds of data
points. When I visited I was faced with page after page of US
90s chart bands which I've not heard of and have no interest in.

@_date: 1996-12-17 14:00:12
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Securing ActiveX. 
Bill Frantz  wrote in article <59721c$t8o
I fail to see what the fuss is about. there are clearly advantages to having
a good operating system architecture which provides protection for running
applications and allows fine grained control over access to sensitive The problem with the Java Sandbox model is that its all or nothing. In
order to protect the user it allows the applet access to nothing that is
important. As a result the applet can perform no function that is
of importance. "Give us your corporate strategy and billing record
and we will give you dancing beans on your screen" as one wag
put it.
I am still waiting to see a Java applet that does anything usefull. Most
do no more than an animated gif would. The most elaborate are little
more than carbon copies of the standard computer games.
The download problem really is not that hard. The big problem is content. So far nobody appears to have the remotest idea how to
use Java and I expect it to be about five years before the model
emerges. From hypercard to the Web took ten so don't
expect it to be overnight.
The Microsoft bashing could be given a rest. Bill G. wins only because the rest of the market gave up. Stick a non computer litterate person in front of UNIX, Lotus 1-2-3 for MS Dos or Wordperfect for MS-Dos. If you don't realse then why Bill won
you should try another career.
MS-DOS and Windows are crappy O/S because they lack the type of memory protection that VMS and UNIX have. This was in part incompetence but mostly Intels disastrous design for the 80286. Meanwhile Apple managed to produce an inexcusably bad
O/S without protection on a chip that had excelent provision for it.
If you want your applet to do anything of use then the Java security
model is inadequate. It is usefull for the software developer to have a rich security model since it makes it much easier to build secure
software. Under VMS there are 32 different priviledges allowing
fairly fine grained control. It is possible in some cases to access
a wider range of resources by nafarious tricks but its hard to do
something bad by accident.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:16:35
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Adam Back  wrote in article <5bp18k$1cc
I disagree for two reasons, first there is a big difference between having
poor locks and no locks. Most locks can be picked by an expert, they are
effective against many theifs however.
Second if everyone in the world was using 40 bit email encryption it
would prevent most of the "promiscuous" interception of communications.
The danger in weak crypto is thinking that it is strong crypto. GSM is
weak crypto but stops the type of snooping the Martins engaged in.
If you know not to talk about something secret on one then low
crypto is better than having a signal anyone can pick up on a device from radio shack.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:27:03
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Newt's phone calls 
get everything needed on a signed cheque.
Actually for the purposes of fax you can trace the signature off the check and then photocopy the traced outline. If you
use Mellonex film you can get a very good impression. When I used to do layout of artwork for a magazine we used to use white out to get rid of the shadow lines. There is a
particularly good version available in the UK which comes in
a red bottle with a flow cap on it. Much better than the crappy pot 'n brush system which is always going hard as the solvent evaporates.
PS: I hasten to add that my experience of fraud techniques comes from trying to stop them.
PPS: In the days of electronic mail why do people need PS's?

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:27:18
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
Singapore and China are blocking certain net groups. I think
this is a bad thing, question is how can we stop it? The Web
was conceived as offering despots and dictators a choice between remaining in the dark ages and allowing freedom of
speech. Blocking and filtering schemes threaten this ideal.
A scheme which makes blocking of individual IP addresses The Web allows for proxies such as provided by the CERN server
(and versions of Apache etc). A proxy server configured to
accept connections from domains enforcing blocking (china, Singapore etc) can serve as a means of circumventing the The problem then arises, how can the victims of censorship
find out about the holes in the curtain? I believe that it
would not be difficult to persuade large numbers of people to
mirror a list of sites maintained at a central location. The
blue ribbon campaign attracted a lot of interest on the same
topic. Activity that brought to light the political aspect
of Web censorship would help the domestic anti-CDA effort.
[i.e. areas needing brainstorming]
1) Copyright. Clearly copyright holders such as CNN etc would
need to be involved. Although proxies have long been a part of the Web and the scheme does not threaten their interests it would
be as well to get them on board at an early stage.
2) How can one prevent the proxies themselves being blocked? Some
ideas that come to mind:
2a) Only issue new sites gradually so that blocking requires
continuous updates.
2b) Use DHCP to change network addresses regularly.
2c) Some crypto hack I can't quite work out (hence the post to
cypher punks). I can phrase the challenge more compactly though.
We have two sets of opposed groups A and M. The A group wish to
establish a continued conversation with groups B and C. M is willing to permit communication with group B but not C. Whenever
M discovers that a member of group B is willing to act on behalf of group C, M transfers that member to the C group.
The problem is to keep A's channels of communication open despite
the efforts of M for very large group sizes. I'm not sure if this is a pure crypto challenge or a game theory
Comments? If people are willing to work on this I can provide some facilities and act as a media contact.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:26:53
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Newt's phone calls 
Not the way we've being going on, Zero coverage of the
crypto issue, zip, nada. That points to EFF and CDT not
being on the ball on the crypto issue.

@_date: 1997-01-22 13:29:46
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. 
I believe that the new copyright regs explicitly allow web surfing.
Copyright should not be an issue, I think. IANAL.
Secure connections from proxy to client would eliminate driftnet
scanning. That's probably about all the crypto.
One idea would to put /cgi-bin/redirect in all the distributions of
apache, apache-SSL, etc. That way, anyone who cared at all about
privacy or was clueless would have an anonymizer on their web server.
People who really cared could run web spiders that looked for sites
with the redirect, and have cgi-bins that returned a randomized list
of 10 or so. They could periodically post the list to semi-relavent
The idea here is to reduce the chance of a denial of service attack
against the anonymizer pool. The points of attack that I can think of
 1) Filter out out anonymized connections.
    Crypto helps solves this one. Of course, then the evil empire
    filters out crypto, but that's bad for business.
 2) Make the list of anonymizers dissappear
    This is a bit easier for the bad guys. Stego could help solve
    the problem, especially if combined with crypto. (i.e stego
    the list, encrypted with a few key underground folks public
    keys, into a pic of the great wall of china or something.
 3) Make it illegal to use anonymizers and enforec randomly.
    FUD. I dunno how to solve this one. Put anphetamines in the
    water supply?
Distribution wins.
(BTW, look at "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:12:09
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Jim Choate  wrote in article <5c5891$ah
I don't agree with your view of states. The inhabitants of a
geographical area are not mere chattels of the governing power.
The right to rule rests on certain criteria which I believe neither country meets. The harassment of opposition politicians in
obviously trumped up charges disqualifies any country from
calling itself a democracy.
That was not all. We had a political Web site established
during the '92 election. I was in contact with Clinton's people
when we had fewer than 100 Web sites.
I am a cyber-revolutionary and the world has bought into
the chaos of our revolution. I never intended the Web to be a tool
for confirming the present social order which is manifestly

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:11:26
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
jim bell  wrote in article <5ch9f2$cuu
Thats because its a whacko solution that has no credibility
or consistency. If anyone tried to set up such a market and a price went out
on any of the heads of state fantasized about Mr Bell would be dead as a doornail in a week.

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:55:21
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
Dale Thorn  wrote in article
Actually the US is being remarkably ineffective in keeping
Cuba etc off the Net. If you don't believe me just try
the cuban home page.
We had a Web server running in Sarajevo during the siege
back in '93. There is no way that the US govt. can hope to
control the Internet any more than it can control the
phone system. What is astonishing is that the Cuban authorities are so
keen to import a technology that breaks down their
The Cold War was not won by the arms race, it was won in
Eastern Europe which was never a major participant. The main
instrument that won it was West German TV which broadcast
pictures of supermarkets with full shelves into the homes
of East Germans every night. The viewers could see that it
was not mere propaganda and their relatives confirmed the fact. As a result the East German guards on the Berlin wall
simply decided to leave their posts one night.
The East Germans couldn't stop the TV signals either. When
Dresden started to become a ghost town because people wanted
to move to a town which could recieve the broadcasts the
East Germans ended up installing their own relay to keep
the locals happy.

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:11:41
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Asgaard  wrote in article <5c92bo$lo9
Actually at CERN we considered the Web to be a superset of the
Internet protocols and others such as DECNET which ran on private
networks such as our HEPNET.
Since most of those private networks are now obsolete I would consider
Web==Internet to be a reasonable equivalence. We always considered
email and news to be part of the Web (news:, mailto:). The narrow view that the Web was only HTTP and HTML was a piece of Andressen

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:14:09
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Jim Choate  wrote in article <5cg99p$7a
The network is largely an intellectual creation. The hardware is
relatively unimportant, it can always be replaced.
If you start from such a state and property centered ideology perhaps.
I'm a philosophical anarchist and I don't consider the state to have
"rights" over its "subjects", nor do I believe in the pure ideology of
property you do.
Its worth noting that the origin of property is theft. In the case of the
controllers of China literally so since they stole most of their "property"
from the previous rulers.
I believe that the relationship between a state and individual is
a much more complex one than the slavish subjection model
you propose. In this I am in agreement with practically every
philosopher since Locke.
It is true that there is the convenience of the state as agency but
the question is on whose behalf that agency is exercised. I see no reason why I should not meddle in the affairs of states
I'm not a 'subject" of. They are allowed to connect their machinery to the Internet so long as they are prepared to accept the Internet's ethic. They are not allowed
to have a free ride, to demand a valuable connection facility on their
own terms.
As a citizen of Europe I disagree. I believe that the narrow and
parochial attitude of the French province breaches undertakings in the
Treaty of Rome and under the European declaration of human rights.
France is not a sovereign state and does not have the right to
pass laws that infringe on the rights granted to European citizens
as a whole.

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:12:32
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Fighting the cybercensor 
I was there.
The collapse of East Germany was quite spectacular. There
was at most three months of warning. First there was a series
of sit ins at foreign embassies, then a migration of large numbers of people in their twenties within the eastern block.
I missed the actual collapse of the wall itself having to go
to England. I was told of the sequence of events by friends in
Berlin. By this time the protestors were confident enough to stage
open demonstrations. The authorities had tolerated small
scale demonstrations for some time provided they did
not appear to be part of a larger movement. The sudden increase in numbers from tens to tens of thousands left
the authorities unsure of what to do. They could not be
sure of the reliability of the police should they attempt to violently suppress the demonstrations. To imprison the
ringleaders was equally dangerous. The communists were
aware that the South Africans had continued to be troubled
by Mandela and Biko long after they were imprisoned or At some point a group of protesters approached the wall,
probably hoping to goad the police into making an arrest.
The guards made no response and the numbers increased to
the point where firing of warning shots was impossible
without causing a massacre. West German protesters joined from the other side of the wall. The border guards did try to use a water cannon but to little effect since the
range was insufficient.
At some point someone appeared with a sledge hammer and a
pickaxe. Some people say that this was at the start of the protest, others that someone fetched them. I have heard people who believe that they were brought from either side
of the wall. They started attacking the wall and soon had removed one of the panels.
Next day the border guards quite literally abandoned their posts. The Brandenburg gate was opened for the first time in fifty years and the party apparatus all but collapsed.
The only military activity during this period was GDR forces
preparing against possible invasion by Soviet forces. Not that
this was a logistical possibility since it was unlikely they would get across Poland unopposed.
Read Norman Davies book "Europe a history" if you want to find
out the background for the velvet revolution. It is one of the
most amazing events in political history. It is a pity that
people have forgotten so quickly about the real causes. It
was not military power that prevailed but the protest movement.
Unfortunately US commentators tend to see everything in terms of
US cultural norms, many of which were explicitly rejected by the
protestors. The East Germans wanted West German affluence, they
wanted to be part of Western Europe. They were certainly not responding to US military spending as right wing theorists claim, nor was the economy collapsing because of the arms race, it
was collapsing because of the costs of a totalitarian state and
the incompatibility of that state with modern industrial

@_date: 1997-01-28 14:13:48
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Best Computer School? 
Erp  wrote in article <5cjlg0$2ij
Actually MIT does not take notice of SATs, GSATs and other IQ nonsense.
Basically the tests are meaningless at the upper end of the scale which
is where most MIT students would score and a low score does not in itself
demonstate stupidity. If he can get in then its difficult to imagine a better school for crypto in the
US. There is a finacial support program and admission is "needs blind" so that grants are matched according to need.
Actually there is a reasonable school for philosophy just up the road but its not so good for computer science (it did produce Bill Gates.) The AI lab does have a number of people who lean quite
heavilly to the philosophy side.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:27:58
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
One point I had forgotten. The demonstration took place
on the 50th anniversary of Kristallnacht. This is one explanation
as to why the border guards did not attempt to open fire with
firearms or attempt to break up the demonstration with tear gas.
Also consider that the Tiennamen square massacre had occurred
only a few months before and it did not appear to have settled
the issue of who controlled china. Many of the dissidents were still
at large, China was a pariah nation. East Germany had recently been
visited by Gorbachev who did not appear ready to help keep the
regime if things got sticky.
The mass defections were taking place at their peak at a rate of
tens of thousands in a day. Something like a quarter of the youth
between 18 and 25 had defected. Bill if anything understates this point.
Certainly if the people decide that the structures of state are
not worth supporting change can be astonishing. I think that the spending into bankrupcy thesis might be argued for
the case of the USSR and more plausibly the US. The problem is that
I don't think that the military spending in either case bore any
relation to need, to the threat from the other side or to any
rational determination. I think both budgets simply increased to
the limit that the economies could support and beyond. There is a similar problem in the third world today. Many third world
countries spend more on arms than they do on health or education.
Much of the alledged "foreign aid" is in fact subsidies for this trade. The arms are primarily to suppress internal dissent. There
are plenty of governments left in need of similar reform.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:40:48
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
We did consider very early on the idea of proceedings of congress
annotated with the campaign contributions of the various speakers.
Imagine if instead of Newt Gingrich you saw Newt Gingrich ($243,493
Tobbacco Industry) as a speaker note.
We were in contact with the Clinton folks because the Bush guys
ignored the Web and the Internet completely. They just were
not interested. Nor were the Perot folks either - odd since the
electronic townhall was a big part of their platform. Even in this campaign the Perot page could not be read with Netscape 6 months
before the election.
On the other hand have a look at  If you thought that
Pat got a bum rap off the press when they called him a neo-Nazi
just take a look at his site. Buchanan Brigade? Look at the
choice of topics for the speaches.

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:34:26
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
Rich Graves  wrote in article <5cnvpf$jeu
This differs from my information. In point of fact the Nazis _did_
exterminate communists. At the time of Kristalnacht it was the communists
who were the more direct target because they had places in the
Riechstag. It was by imprisoning the communist deputies that the
Nazis were able to take power and pass the enabling act.
Portraying the Nazis as uniquely persecuting Jews is simply not
supported by the facts. The Jews were the largest group of those
persecuted but not the only group. Gypsies had less support in
other countries. Other groups were persecuted for opposition rather
than who they were but the numbers of murders were still large.
This is one reason why the Catholic church established a convent
inside Aushwitz where it is estimated that about a quarter of a million Catholics were murdered. Quite what one is then to make
of appeasement by the Papacy at the time is beyond me... I don't
think it points to any great moral or spiritual stand.
Shades of Machiavelli's description of the mercenaries union in the
1500s. Basically you could hire yourself an army but they weren't
keen on there being much killing.

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:32:34
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Anonymous  wrote in article <5cndl2$89k
Inevitably since the admissions tutors would not have known the means of the parents. Thats the whole idea of "needs blind" admissions. The admissions people could not give a damn about means. The alumni
that are most likely to make donnations are those who made it from
scratch in any case.
Possible but remember that dyslexia is not an indicator of intelligence.
The director of the Media Lab is dyslexic.
Certainly if you think that being taught in a particular operating system is
important you should probably try elsewhere. Depending on which classes you take you could end up using UNIX, Windows or Genera. The main advantage of UNIX is that it is reasonably compact and we have full
sources which means that people can be set operating system projects.
Windows NT is much too large for that although it does have many interesting APIs that make it usefull for teaching application level stuff.
I would imagine that there will be people interested in NextStep for
Apple too, Tim-B-L was always a Next person, but he learnt how
to use it because he had an open mind. If he had thought that nothing could
be better than what he had already he would still be using CERN-VM.
If someone can't cope with an unfamilliar O/S they probably shouldn't be
an engineer at all. An O/S is only one large software system a grad
needs to deal with. They have short lifetimes, rarely being dominant for more than a decade.

@_date: 1997-01-29 12:25:57
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think that with the demise of Mr Bell and anyone running
a remailer there would be an end to his scheme pretty quickly.
Society is not bound to put up with cranks and psychopaths.
there is no right to anonymously call for murder. The authorities
could easily stop Bells scheme.
The point I was making is that it is not consistent as claimed.

@_date: 1997-01-16 16:58:15
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Toto  wrote in article <5bk506$ruj
Knowing the circles that would be concerned I know that they
are discussing no such thing.

@_date: 1997-01-16 16:56:34
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Michael Tighe SUN IMP  wrote in article <5bjhda$f44
It was a conference call but over a cellular phone. Martin had hacked his
Radio Shack Scanner using a well known technique. He had a radio ham
I still don't expect a conviction. Lets see a guy gets a tape he believes shows
that the Speaker of the house lied to the ethics committee. He hands it to
a senior member of the ethics committee of the house despite knowing that
in doing so he put himself at risk of prosecution.
Does anyone in their right mind expect any jury to convict in such a case?
Basically a trial would be open season for the defense to take pot shots
at Newt.
Q. "Why did you not hand the tape over to the chair of A. I thought they might try to suppers it.
Q. Why did you give the tape to MacDermott?
A. I thought it showed that the Speaker had acted illegally.
Q. Illegal? How?
A [at very great length to be repeated verbatim on CNN twice
As a first time offender the most the Martins could expect to suffer
would be a $5000 fine. They could easily recoup that on the chat
show circuit.
This is the country where Ollie North launched his political career
by subverting the constitution and lying to congress and where JO
Simpson murdered his wife and got away with it. Don't expect the
Martins to be occupying a jail cell any time soon. Newt on the other

@_date: 1997-01-20 09:15:19
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Sean Roach  wrote in article
Depending on the country and bank you can probably perform almost
any transfer you like by fax. I moved my pension from one bank
to another simply by sending a fax. I have done similar transactions with Swiss, German and UK banks. For some reason the fax is considered to be a practically infallible authentication device. Quite why is beyond me since
it should be obvious to anyone that all one needs to fake a
fax is a photocopier, document signed by account holder, paste
and scissors. You get everything needed on a signed cheque.

@_date: 1997-01-20 09:40:44
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Sean Roach  wrote in article
Depending on the country and bank you can probably perform almost
any transfer you like by fax. I moved my pension from one bank
to another simply by sending a fax. I have done similar transactions with Swiss, German and UK banks. For some reason the fax is considered to be a practically infallible authentication device. Quite why is beyond me since
it should be obvious to anyone that all one needs to fake a
fax is a photocopier, document signed by account holder, paste
and scissors. You get everything needed on a signed cheque.

@_date: 1997-01-20 09:31:14
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Using the political opportunity Was: Newt's phone calls 
Sarah L. Green  wrote in article
Well I would love to see the case go to court but I prefer to see someone else being harassed.
I don't imagine for a minute that anyone will want to take it to
court though. Newt can hardly want his crookery to continue to
be before the public eye. He wants it buried as soon as possible so he can make similarly "arcane" charges "nobody understands"
against Clinton.
Interestingly the tax law that Newt broke was the use of non profit
funds for political purposes. Newt should know all about these since
the Republicans used these laws to shut down political comment by
the likes of the Sierra club etc under Reagan. I know several
people who used to be involved in non-profits who either resigned or changed the status of the group because the cost of administration
and risk of politically motivated prosecution was not worth the
tax advantages.
Given the "butterfly under the wheel" nature of the Republican
attack I would expect jury nullification in a big way. Meanwhile
there would be several weeks of questions asking why Newt is not
being prosecuted, only the Martins.
Despite the fact that I don't think the Democrats are smart enough
to mount such a conspiracy it would be a bloody good one if they had done.
I think that the challenge the crypto lobby must take on is to use the event to raise public consciousness for crypto rights. What
we probably need is a single issue lobby group that the media can call on for this and only this issue and nothing else. The
energies of the CDT and EFF are inevitably spread between this and
other issues such as the CDA. The problem is that a journalist
does not immediately think EFF or CDT when a cellphone case comes up. A single issue crypto lobby could fill that purpose.

@_date: 1997-01-20 10:12:43
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Using the political opportunity Was: Newt's phone calls 
Sarah L. Green  wrote in article
Well I would love to see the case go to court but I prefer to see someone else being harassed.
I don't imagine for a minute that anyone will want to take it to
court though. Newt can hardly want his crookery to continue to
be before the public eye. He wants it buried as soon as possible so he can make similarly "arcane" charges "nobody understands"
against Clinton.
Interestingly the tax law that Newt broke was the use of non profit
funds for political purposes. Newt should know all about these since
the Republicans used these laws to shut down political comment by
the likes of the Sierra club etc under Reagan. I know several
people who used to be involved in non-profits who either resigned or changed the status of the group because the cost of administration
and risk of politically motivated prosecution was not worth the
tax advantages.
Given the "butterfly under the wheel" nature of the Republican
attack I would expect jury nullification in a big way. Meanwhile
there would be several weeks of questions asking why Newt is not
being prosecuted, only the Martins.
Despite the fact that I don't think the Democrats are smart enough
to mount such a conspiracy it would be a bloody good one if they had done.
I think that the challenge the crypto lobby must take on is to use the event to raise public consciousness for crypto rights. What
we probably need is a single issue lobby group that the media can call on for this and only this issue and nothing else. The
energies of the CDT and EFF are inevitably spread between this and
other issues such as the CDA. The problem is that a journalist
does not immediately think EFF or CDT when a cellphone case comes up. A single issue crypto lobby could fill that purpose.

@_date: 1997-01-21 08:59:56
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Adam Back  wrote in article <5bp18k$1cc
I disagree for two reasons, first there is a big difference between having
poor locks and no locks. Most locks can be picked by an expert, they are
effective against many theifs however.
Second if everyone in the world was using 40 bit email encryption it
would prevent most of the "promiscuous" interception of communications.
The danger in weak crypto is thinking that it is strong crypto. GSM is
weak crypto but stops the type of snooping the Martins engaged in.
If you know not to talk about something secret on one then low
crypto is better than having a signal anyone can pick up on a device from radio shack.

@_date: 1997-01-21 10:49:45
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Newt's phone calls 
get everything needed on a signed cheque.
Actually for the purposes of fax you can trace the signature off the check and then photocopy the traced outline. If you
use Mellonex film you can get a very good impression. When I used to do layout of artwork for a magazine we used to use white out to get rid of the shadow lines. There is a
particularly good version available in the UK which comes in
a red bottle with a flow cap on it. Much better than the crappy pot 'n brush system which is always going hard as the solvent evaporates.
PS: I hasten to add that my experience of fraud techniques comes from trying to stop them.
PPS: In the days of electronic mail why do people need PS's?

@_date: 1997-01-21 10:48:02
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Fighting the cybercensor. 
Singapore and China are blocking certain net groups. I think
this is a bad thing, question is how can we stop it? The Web
was conceived as offering despots and dictators a choice between remaining in the dark ages and allowing freedom of
speech. Blocking and filtering schemes threaten this ideal.
A scheme which makes blocking of individual IP addresses The Web allows for proxies such as provided by the CERN server
(and versions of Apache etc). A proxy server configured to
accept connections from domains enforcing blocking (china, Singapore etc) can serve as a means of circumventing the The problem then arises, how can the victims of censorship
find out about the holes in the curtain? I believe that it
would not be difficult to persuade large numbers of people to
mirror a list of sites maintained at a central location. The
blue ribbon campaign attracted a lot of interest on the same
topic. Activity that brought to light the political aspect
of Web censorship would help the domestic anti-CDA effort.
[i.e. areas needing brainstorming]
1) Copyright. Clearly copyright holders such as CNN etc would
need to be involved. Although proxies have long been a part of the Web and the scheme does not threaten their interests it would
be as well to get them on board at an early stage.
2) How can one prevent the proxies themselves being blocked? Some
ideas that come to mind:
2a) Only issue new sites gradually so that blocking requires
continuous updates.
2b) Use DHCP to change network addresses regularly.
2c) Some crypto hack I can't quite work out (hence the post to
cypher punks). I can phrase the challenge more compactly though.
We have two sets of opposed groups A and M. The A group wish to
establish a continued conversation with groups B and C. M is willing to permit communication with group B but not C. Whenever
M discovers that a member of group B is willing to act on behalf of group C, M transfers that member to the C group.
The problem is to keep A's channels of communication open despite
the efforts of M for very large group sizes. I'm not sure if this is a pure crypto challenge or a game theory
Comments? If people are willing to work on this I can provide some facilities and act as a media contact.

@_date: 1997-01-21 11:43:44
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Newt's phone calls 
Not the way we've being going on, Zero coverage of the
crypto issue, zip, nada. That points to EFF and CDT not
being on the ball on the crypto issue.

@_date: 1997-01-22 11:57:37
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. 
I believe that the new copyright regs explicitly allow web surfing.
Copyright should not be an issue, I think. IANAL.
Secure connections from proxy to client would eliminate driftnet
scanning. That's probably about all the crypto.
One idea would to put /cgi-bin/redirect in all the distributions of
apache, apache-SSL, etc. That way, anyone who cared at all about
privacy or was clueless would have an anonymizer on their web server.
People who really cared could run web spiders that looked for sites
with the redirect, and have cgi-bins that returned a randomized list
of 10 or so. They could periodically post the list to semi-relavent
The idea here is to reduce the chance of a denial of service attack
against the anonymizer pool. The points of attack that I can think of
 1) Filter out out anonymized connections.
    Crypto helps solves this one. Of course, then the evil empire
    filters out crypto, but that's bad for business.
 2) Make the list of anonymizers dissappear
    This is a bit easier for the bad guys. Stego could help solve
    the problem, especially if combined with crypto. (i.e stego
    the list, encrypted with a few key underground folks public
    keys, into a pic of the great wall of china or something.
 3) Make it illegal to use anonymizers and enforec randomly.
    FUD. I dunno how to solve this one. Put anphetamines in the
    water supply?
Distribution wins.
(BTW, look at "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:55
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Jim Choate  wrote in article <5c5891$ah
I don't agree with your view of states. The inhabitants of a
geographical area are not mere chattels of the governing power.
The right to rule rests on certain criteria which I believe neither country meets. The harassment of opposition politicians in
obviously trumped up charges disqualifies any country from
calling itself a democracy.
That was not all. We had a political Web site established
during the '92 election. I was in contact with Clinton's people
when we had fewer than 100 Web sites.
I am a cyber-revolutionary and the world has bought into
the chaos of our revolution. I never intended the Web to be a tool
for confirming the present social order which is manifestly

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:46
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
jim bell  wrote in article <5ch9f2$cuu
Thats because its a whacko solution that has no credibility
or consistency. If anyone tried to set up such a market and a price went out
on any of the heads of state fantasized about Mr Bell would be dead as a doornail in a week.

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:02:00
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
Dale Thorn  wrote in article
Actually the US is being remarkably ineffective in keeping
Cuba etc off the Net. If you don't believe me just try
the cuban home page.
We had a Web server running in Sarajevo during the siege
back in '93. There is no way that the US govt. can hope to
control the Internet any more than it can control the
phone system. What is astonishing is that the Cuban authorities are so
keen to import a technology that breaks down their
The Cold War was not won by the arms race, it was won in
Eastern Europe which was never a major participant. The main
instrument that won it was West German TV which broadcast
pictures of supermarkets with full shelves into the homes
of East Germans every night. The viewers could see that it
was not mere propaganda and their relatives confirmed the fact. As a result the East German guards on the Berlin wall
simply decided to leave their posts one night.
The East Germans couldn't stop the TV signals either. When
Dresden started to become a ghost town because people wanted
to move to a town which could recieve the broadcasts the
East Germans ended up installing their own relay to keep
the locals happy.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:52
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Asgaard  wrote in article <5c92bo$lo9
Actually at CERN we considered the Web to be a superset of the
Internet protocols and others such as DECNET which ran on private
networks such as our HEPNET.
Since most of those private networks are now obsolete I would consider
Web==Internet to be a reasonable equivalence. We always considered
email and news to be part of the Web (news:, mailto:). The narrow view that the Web was only HTTP and HTML was a piece of Andressen

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:10:57
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Jim Choate  wrote in article <5cg99p$7a
The network is largely an intellectual creation. The hardware is
relatively unimportant, it can always be replaced.
If you start from such a state and property centered ideology perhaps.
I'm a philosophical anarchist and I don't consider the state to have
"rights" over its "subjects", nor do I believe in the pure ideology of
property you do.
Its worth noting that the origin of property is theft. In the case of the
controllers of China literally so since they stole most of their "property"
from the previous rulers.
I believe that the relationship between a state and individual is
a much more complex one than the slavish subjection model
you propose. In this I am in agreement with practically every
philosopher since Locke.
It is true that there is the convenience of the state as agency but
the question is on whose behalf that agency is exercised. I see no reason why I should not meddle in the affairs of states
I'm not a 'subject" of. They are allowed to connect their machinery to the Internet so long as they are prepared to accept the Internet's ethic. They are not allowed
to have a free ride, to demand a valuable connection facility on their
own terms.
As a citizen of Europe I disagree. I believe that the narrow and
parochial attitude of the French province breaches undertakings in the
Treaty of Rome and under the European declaration of human rights.
France is not a sovereign state and does not have the right to
pass laws that infringe on the rights granted to European citizens
as a whole.

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:07:24
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Fighting the cybercensor 
I was there.
The collapse of East Germany was quite spectacular. There
was at most three months of warning. First there was a series
of sit ins at foreign embassies, then a migration of large numbers of people in their twenties within the eastern block.
I missed the actual collapse of the wall itself having to go
to England. I was told of the sequence of events by friends in
Berlin. By this time the protestors were confident enough to stage
open demonstrations. The authorities had tolerated small
scale demonstrations for some time provided they did
not appear to be part of a larger movement. The sudden increase in numbers from tens to tens of thousands left
the authorities unsure of what to do. They could not be
sure of the reliability of the police should they attempt to violently suppress the demonstrations. To imprison the
ringleaders was equally dangerous. The communists were
aware that the South Africans had continued to be troubled
by Mandela and Biko long after they were imprisoned or At some point a group of protesters approached the wall,
probably hoping to goad the police into making an arrest.
The guards made no response and the numbers increased to
the point where firing of warning shots was impossible
without causing a massacre. West German protesters joined from the other side of the wall. The border guards did try to use a water cannon but to little effect since the
range was insufficient.
At some point someone appeared with a sledge hammer and a
pickaxe. Some people say that this was at the start of the protest, others that someone fetched them. I have heard people who believe that they were brought from either side
of the wall. They started attacking the wall and soon had removed one of the panels.
Next day the border guards quite literally abandoned their posts. The Brandenburg gate was opened for the first time in fifty years and the party apparatus all but collapsed.
The only military activity during this period was GDR forces
preparing against possible invasion by Soviet forces. Not that
this was a logistical possibility since it was unlikely they would get across Poland unopposed.
Read Norman Davies book "Europe a history" if you want to find
out the background for the velvet revolution. It is one of the
most amazing events in political history. It is a pity that
people have forgotten so quickly about the real causes. It
was not military power that prevailed but the protest movement.
Unfortunately US commentators tend to see everything in terms of
US cultural norms, many of which were explicitly rejected by the
protestors. The East Germans wanted West German affluence, they
wanted to be part of Western Europe. They were certainly not responding to US military spending as right wing theorists claim, nor was the economy collapsing because of the arms race, it
was collapsing because of the costs of a totalitarian state and
the incompatibility of that state with modern industrial

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:22:49
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Best Computer School? 
Erp  wrote in article <5cjlg0$2ij
Actually MIT does not take notice of SATs, GSATs and other IQ nonsense.
Basically the tests are meaningless at the upper end of the scale which
is where most MIT students would score and a low score does not in itself
demonstate stupidity. If he can get in then its difficult to imagine a better school for crypto in the
US. There is a finacial support program and admission is "needs blind" so that grants are matched according to need.
Actually there is a reasonable school for philosophy just up the road but its not so good for computer science (it did produce Bill Gates.) The AI lab does have a number of people who lean quite
heavilly to the philosophy side.

@_date: 1997-01-28 21:30:38
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
One point I had forgotten. The demonstration took place
on the 50th anniversary of Kristallnacht. This is one explanation
as to why the border guards did not attempt to open fire with
firearms or attempt to break up the demonstration with tear gas.
Also consider that the Tiennamen square massacre had occurred
only a few months before and it did not appear to have settled
the issue of who controlled china. Many of the dissidents were still
at large, China was a pariah nation. East Germany had recently been
visited by Gorbachev who did not appear ready to help keep the
regime if things got sticky.
The mass defections were taking place at their peak at a rate of
tens of thousands in a day. Something like a quarter of the youth
between 18 and 25 had defected. Bill if anything understates this point.
Certainly if the people decide that the structures of state are
not worth supporting change can be astonishing. I think that the spending into bankrupcy thesis might be argued for
the case of the USSR and more plausibly the US. The problem is that
I don't think that the military spending in either case bore any
relation to need, to the threat from the other side or to any
rational determination. I think both budgets simply increased to
the limit that the economies could support and beyond. There is a similar problem in the third world today. Many third world
countries spend more on arms than they do on health or education.
Much of the alledged "foreign aid" is in fact subsidies for this trade. The arms are primarily to suppress internal dissent. There
are plenty of governments left in need of similar reform.

@_date: 1997-01-28 21:50:25
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
We did consider very early on the idea of proceedings of congress
annotated with the campaign contributions of the various speakers.
Imagine if instead of Newt Gingrich you saw Newt Gingrich ($243,493
Tobbacco Industry) as a speaker note.
We were in contact with the Clinton folks because the Bush guys
ignored the Web and the Internet completely. They just were
not interested. Nor were the Perot folks either - odd since the
electronic townhall was a big part of their platform. Even in this campaign the Perot page could not be read with Netscape 6 months
before the election.
On the other hand have a look at  If you thought that
Pat got a bum rap off the press when they called him a neo-Nazi
just take a look at his site. Buchanan Brigade? Look at the
choice of topics for the speaches.

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:50:53
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
Rich Graves  wrote in article <5cnvpf$jeu
This differs from my information. In point of fact the Nazis _did_
exterminate communists. At the time of Kristalnacht it was the communists
who were the more direct target because they had places in the
Riechstag. It was by imprisoning the communist deputies that the
Nazis were able to take power and pass the enabling act.
Portraying the Nazis as uniquely persecuting Jews is simply not
supported by the facts. The Jews were the largest group of those
persecuted but not the only group. Gypsies had less support in
other countries. Other groups were persecuted for opposition rather
than who they were but the numbers of murders were still large.
This is one reason why the Catholic church established a convent
inside Aushwitz where it is estimated that about a quarter of a million Catholics were murdered. Quite what one is then to make
of appeasement by the Papacy at the time is beyond me... I don't
think it points to any great moral or spiritual stand.
Shades of Machiavelli's description of the mercenaries union in the
1500s. Basically you could hire yourself an army but they weren't
keen on there being much killing.

@_date: 1997-01-29 13:52:36
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Getting into MIT is impossible 
Anonymous  wrote in article <5cndl2$89k
Inevitably since the admissions tutors would not have known the means of the parents. Thats the whole idea of "needs blind" admissions. The admissions people could not give a damn about means. The alumni
that are most likely to make donnations are those who made it from
scratch in any case.
Possible but remember that dyslexia is not an indicator of intelligence.
The director of the Media Lab is dyslexic.
Certainly if you think that being taught in a particular operating system is
important you should probably try elsewhere. Depending on which classes you take you could end up using UNIX, Windows or Genera. The main advantage of UNIX is that it is reasonably compact and we have full
sources which means that people can be set operating system projects.
Windows NT is much too large for that although it does have many interesting APIs that make it usefull for teaching application level stuff.
I would imagine that there will be people interested in NextStep for
Apple too, Tim-B-L was always a Next person, but he learnt how
to use it because he had an open mind. If he had thought that nothing could
be better than what he had already he would still be using CERN-VM.
If someone can't cope with an unfamilliar O/S they probably shouldn't be
an engineer at all. An O/S is only one large software system a grad
needs to deal with. They have short lifetimes, rarely being dominant for more than a decade.

@_date: 1997-01-29 11:46:33
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think that with the demise of Mr Bell and anyone running
a remailer there would be an end to his scheme pretty quickly.
Society is not bound to put up with cranks and psychopaths.
there is no right to anonymously call for murder. The authorities
could easily stop Bells scheme.
The point I was making is that it is not consistent as claimed.

@_date: 1997-02-01 17:30:38
@_author: "Phillip M Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
The problem is that you are a crushing bore. You peddle your crackpot
scheme long after it has been made plain nobody is interested.
Yet another reason to believe you are an FBI agent provocateur.

@_date: 1997-03-25 13:42:51
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Tim C. May's Interpretation of the U.K. Proposal 
Huge Cajones Remailer  wrote in article <5h8e8u$b3h
I think that this is not quite accurate. To begin it is necessary to understand the different relationship of the Civil Service and the executive in the UK. Unlike in the US the CiVil service is apolitical, it prepares policy advice for ministers but couched in guarded terms. It explains the advantages and disadvantages of particular  policies while avoiding conclusions. Thus it is a mistake to read too much into briefing papers.
What really count are green and white papers. Green papers are the first draft of policy and frequently involve "kite flying" exercises. A proposal to implement GAK in a green paper may equally well be intended as a signal to opponents to put their case more coherently as a positive affirmation of the policy.
The UK is currently having a general election which barring a resurgence by the Liberals the socialists will win. If you thought Bob Dole's campaign was dire watch the UK Conservatives for sheer and frequently adulterous incompetence. Ten Tory MPs have been accused of accepting bribes and the Govt manipulated the date of porogueing (ie suspending) parliament before it was disolved for the election to suppress publication of the report into the affair. Since two case have been proven beyond reasonable doubt this is a bad start to say the least.
Traditionally the socialist are far more likely to support civil liberties than the Conservatives. The Liberals have the best record but the best they can hope for is to become the opposition in place of the Tories. During the years of Tory rule left wing political organisations such as CND have been monitored by MI5. Crypto will undoubtedly have support from the far left who have frequently been the target of politically motivated surveillance.
The UK has also traditionally understood cryptography policy far better than the US. During both World Wars the US managed to persue a crypto policy of quite astonishing boneheadedness. Its not legislation, nor even a proposal to legislate. Its one side in a discussion document. No need to panic! Instead we need to make sure we have a coherent lobbying strategy.
To effectively lobby the UK government you don't need vast amounts of cash but having a permanent office to coordinate grass roots activity is usefull. Corporations with a heavy UK involvement such as IBM and DEC would be usefull sponsors, not so much for the cash as for links to constituency MPs. Also note that now is a good time to press the issue. The US administrations policy on Cuba has greatly discredited it abroad. The Helms-Burton act is a clear attack on other nations sovereignty, that its primary sponsor is notorious as a racist hatemonger makes matters worse. Similarly a US attack on the computer systems of the EU during the GATT negotiations has not been forgiven. Proposals to allow the US to break secret messages in other countries are correspondingly unpopular.
   

@_date: 1997-03-25 14:08:01
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Another Interpretation of the U.K. Proposal 
Timothy C. May  wrote in article <5h6rmj$38q
I think they would expect to win that battle in any case. I don't think there is a particular concern about competition except in regard to the problem of the UK legal framework being inadequate.
The UK has a major presence in finacial services and the govt. would be more concerned to keep foreign markets open to UK exports than inf\dulging in protectionism.
There may be a fear about US govt. interference however. There was considerable concern that the US regularly abused its role in COCOM to advantage US companies. UK compaines who bid for contracts with communist countries tended to face unexpected competition from US firms shortly after applying for a COCOM export license.

@_date: 1997-03-25 14:31:07
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Why I might want a trusted third party. 
Phillip M. Hallam-Baker
Visitng Scientist
MIT Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence.

@_date: 1997-03-27 08:20:50
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: UK domestic crypto regulation proposal *is* Clipper 
After making my first posting I re-read the last half of the DTI proposal
and came to the same conclusion as Gilmore. The first half explicitly
denies that they are enforcing GAK, then the specific legislative
proposals propose GAK.
Like much of the governments activities the DTI report is transparently
deceitfull. Fortunately there is no need to get too worked up about it. Its a green
and these proposals will go nowhere if the Tories lose the election.
Since they are twenty points behind and curently facing fresh allegations
of bribe taking this does not seem very likely.
The current Home Secretary is a walking civil rights threat. So far he has
abolished the right to silence, to demonstrate and is haulled up in front of the courts for abusing his office on a practically monthly basis. GAK
would be the least of worries were they to be elected.
Unfortunately his Labour shadow appears to have been trying to out-thug
him. If Howard proposed the return of hanging Straw would demand drawing
and quartering. Since the Labour opposition have been the target of a considerable amount of
improper use of wire-taps and other forms of surveillance there are many who are likely to be very usefull allies.
The real question is whether the pro-crypto message becomes widely known before the civil service starts whispering in ministers ears.

@_date: 1997-03-28 12:05:50
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft ammunition (fwd) 
I very much hope not. We designed HTML with very specific
goals in mind, above all that the source be declarative and
machine readable. That is why HTML can be edited by the recipient, fed into a voice synth or index by Alta-Vista.
The Java based web pages will be opaque, just like postscript.
Try to cut and paste from ghostview to emacs. Merging the distinction between applet and code will give
lots of techno-geeks a nice orgasm but its the style of computing the Web has replaced. I have yet to see a single Java applet that has the slightest
functional utility. I like Java as a language, particularly because it has killed C++ stone dead just as everyone thought it had taken over the world. I don't see that anyone has done
anything with mobile code that is of interest however. If all
you want is a better user interface add some more tags into
HTML, implement Dave Raggets '94 draft perhaps.
I think the idea of using Java to move an applet from the client to a server is very exciting but thats not in the
Sun/Oracle game plan. The hypertext community had been beating the coda type model
for decades before the Web. I was skeptical then and I'm more
skeptical now. I turned Javascript, Active-X and Java off about 9 months back because I had little confidence in their security. I soon
realised I was much happier when the page did not dance about
in front of my eyes. I very rarely come to a site I can't access without them. If I could turn off animated Gifs as well I would be even happier.
I think the future of computing is much more likely to lie in
returning to simple but powerfull ideas. Presentation types,
parallel languages and genuine process oriented object systems
interest me much more.

@_date: 1997-03-28 15:15:59
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Analysis of proposed UK ban on use of non-escrowed crypto. 
Hence the DSA which is a signature algorithm that does not do
encryption. I think the use of the same key for both is a bad idea BUT
note that if you have a secure signature scheme you don't need an
encryption key at all.
Simply generate yourself a fresh set of public key parameters for each
communication in the manner of IPSEC. The hard problem of setting up
security is knowing the identity of the other party. All else pales into
insignificance in comparison.
Consider the following scenario. SMTP is adjusted so that it has a DH
key exchange crypto option. A typical conversation becomes:-
EHELO You-got-crypto-mate?
269 Yeah I have crypto
XCHAL RSA 248af23876acdef
270 [key-id] [DHparameters e, n, e^x mod n] [sig-of-challenge+DH-params] XENCRYPT [IV] [e^y mod n] [Conversation continues encrypted under key e^y^x mod n AND keybits padding out messages as appropriate.]
Now this type of scheme could be implemented without a certificate
infrastructure and severly increase the difficulty of snooping. In that
case the message would be sent even though [sig-of-challenge+DH-params]
was absent. But with a CA infrastructure you could make sure that you
hads contacted the correct machine, one authorised to accept mail for
fred all you need is a means of hacking the following assertion
into X509v3:
"Is authorized user of DNS namespace identifier matching"
Add in a date and the protocol could be made very reilient and entirely
transparent. Now that mail is moving away from godamn awfull crap like
sendmail towards engineered systems like notes or exchange adding in
protocol extensions becomes easier.
If the mail sending agent knows that mail to a particular host should be
sent encrypted the system can be made much more transparent than PGP or
S/MIME. Like the punters might be able to use it without getting screwed
too often.
I think email security has often been the perfect being the enemy of the
good. One huge problem has been braindamaged ideas about routing email
through store and forward mailers rather than connecting to the real
destination to start with.

@_date: 1997-04-04 09:28:14
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Absolutely! I know quite a few who do.
Before Oaklahoma I spent some time trying to persuade people to take
notice of the net.activities of the likes of Ahmed Cosar, an agent
of the Turkish secret service who posted inflamatory material about
Armenia into various newsgroups under the name Hasan B. Mutlu and Serdar Argic. I'd guess that at this point the FBI has its own
version of DejaNews.
Its not hard to do analysis of USEnet, a bit of simple graph
analysis. The real loons tend to turn up on the net.kooks list quites quickly in any case.
Plus not everyone in the agencies are pro the administration line. I've met plenty of CIA and NSA people who think the GAK idea a
pointless and futile waste of time. I suspect that most analysts read c'punks for the same reason I
do, to get the widest possible range of views on what the posibilities
for the future are.
Absolutely, that is why I was keen for people to oppose Bell's views.
If his ramblings had gone unchallenged he would now be being
presented as a representative of Cypherpunk/ pro-crypto views.
Besides anything else Bell was like the party bore with a hobby horse he just has to talk about. I'm somewhat more
sensitive than most to advocates of murdering government officials, some of my relatives are in government and have had well publicised assasination attempts against them.
I think that Bell's on-list comments may well have been protected
speech but I'm not sure about his off list comments. I'm scanning
through my old mail files at the moment for missives from Bell
re-reading them. I think that Bell's posts were entirely different from Tim's or
for that matter almost every other person on the list. Tim demonstrated that a covert information sales organisation was
possible with Blacknet but he never advocated setting it up. Indeed part of the point was the ethical responsibilities. Bell
on the other hand was likely to respond to any post with his
AP piece. I have throughout considered these to be incitement to It seems quite likely that Bell may have made a statement to an
IRS official that in the context of his authoring the AP piece
may have constituted a threat. If he spouted "Common law court" theories as often to the IRS as he did AP on cypherpunks he would
certainly have been marked for scrutiny. Its not hard to connect with his AP piece which has been all over USEnet. According
to the story they got it from a copy left behind in Bell's seized Honda.

@_date: 1997-04-04 09:30:17
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Bell explodes Freeh theory! 
How is Louis Freeh going to keep up the pretense that GAK
will keep crypto out of the hands of drug dealers while
he's prosecuting Jim Bell for crypto related crimes and
Jim already has a conviction for drug manufacture?

@_date: 1997-04-04 10:27:15
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Who decides what "innocent" was?
In Jim's world it was very clear that he decided who was innocent,
he decided what his rights were, he decided who he could murder.
He limited the justifiable targets of AP to be those he thought should
be targets. His argument with the IRS appears to have included the
claim that they infringed his rights which under Bell's manifesto
gives him the right to murder them.
No, it is not. If it were then Digital cash would never be possible.
Society simply would not allow it and they would be right not to
do so.
It is because Bell's scheme is entirely preposterous that Digital
cash is possible. There is simply no way an AP contract could be enforced. The betting pool is simply one of a long line of failed
attempts to prop up the scheme.
No country could allow such a betting pool to operate from its soil,
nor any other such cover. If an IRS agent was murdered as a result
of a contract placed in an Anguilla betting pool the marines would
be landing the next week. No country that is small enough not to be threatened by AP has the necessary millitary strength to resist invasion. The benmefits of hosting the AP pool are marginal if any
therefore no country would ever host it.
There is everythingt to stop bets being placed period.
Of course the main use of AP would be to murder familly members,
business rivals etc. AP is simply an unrestrained murder machine with absolutely no safeguards. This "not understood" conciet is bogus. I have read and fully understood Bell's article. It is in my view an incitement to murder.
I have degrees in Nuclear Physics, Electronic Engineering, I have
been offered a contract for my book on the philosophy of communication. If Bell can't communicate his idea to me then that is
his fault, his responsibility. I am arguing against the plan
he describes. Do not try the patronising "you are not clever enough
to understand this" line. In this case it is bluster.
Absolutely for the simple reason that mob rule, lynch law is always
criminal. If there is no due process there is no justice. Under AP rules the state has a perfect right to execute Bell. Bell
clearly intends the murder of government personel, therefore under
AP rules the government has the "right" to protect itself with AP
if it choses. If it decides on a less arbitrary sanction then
under AP principles that is a concession it is not required to make.
AP eliminates process and with it proof. There are no steps proposed
by which an AP initiator should deterine whether his rights have indeed
been infringed. Therefore an instigator is not acting upon actual
infringement of rights, merely suspected infringment. The state
suspect Bell plots infringement of his rights. Therefore under Bell's
own theory they have the right to respond by infringing his rights,
without trial.
AP does not contain a coherent normative ethical theory.
He would empirically be guilty of a crime. The courts would consider
it murder and sentence him accordingly. You may not consider him ethically to be guitly of something wrong.
I would disagree in that case. The LEAs have the right to initiate force
in accordance with the directions of a court order. They are
protecting their personal right to defend themselves and on behalf of society pre-emptively protecting it.
He could well have that legal right in certain circumstances.
Good, now we have discovered that names like statist, liberal etc
are not insults even if bellowed by idiots at the top of their
lungs we can return to sanity.
I will not only refuse to support Bell, I'll testify against him in
court if asked.
People have threatened to murder me for what I have written. Salman
Rushdie is in hiding for the same reason. I don't believe that people
are fit judges of their own cause as Bell and you do.
I have plenty to worry about, Bells plan would lead to murder of innocent people.

@_date: 1997-04-04 14:42:58
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Yeah, like I wrote in "The Laird of the new world order".
They said they worked for freedom but they had another plan.
The only new world order is, obey your Uncle Sam.
Must be in deep, deep cover.
 >  ...so the rest of us are just dirt under your feet?
I was pointing out that the attempt to claim that the rest of
us poor slobs didn't see Jim Bell as a shining Messiah was
not because we were too stupid to understand him as claimed.
I think that before you murder someone because you think they are wrong you need to at the very least put the matter to an impartial

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:36:24
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Hallam-Baker is willing to testify 
null wrote in article <5i3vrt$aad
He sent me a considerable amount of material in private email. Anonynous insults do not impress me.
I don't think it was a theoretical exercise. I think Jim scrambled his
brain with a dodgy dose of amphetamines or similar. His posts sounded
to me like the work of someone with a personality disorder who was
working his way up to psychopath.
It may sound loony to you but I have no doubt that Jim believed
what he wrote and intended others to act on it. I'm not sure that he acted on it himself but I would not be at all suprised.

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:16:34
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
Timothy C. May  wrote in article <5i3tpu$86h
If you care to read the history of the times from unbiased sources you will find that the Boston patriots main gripe with Britain was
not the tax on tea but the insistence of the British authorities on
negotiating with the Sioux nation amongst others. It was the fear
that the British would sign a peace treaty with the Indians recognising
them as a sovereign nation that was the spark to the flame. Try
reading "Lies my teacher told me" sometime.
Given that the American revolution institutionalised slavery and
lead to the theft of Indian land, and the French revolution the murder of about quarter of a million people they cannot be said to be entirely
laudatory events. The national myths of the countries concerned People are not fit judges of their own cause. The civil war was started
by the South who believed that the North might infringe their "right"
to own others as property.
Same for me. I objected to Bell's AP proposal but not to his _right_
to post it. It was the tedious length at which he bored the rest of us
with it that I objected to.
Last I heard the Feds were concerned that he might have been putting AP into effect. Collecting the names and addresses of IRS officials,
setting up a kangeroo court to try them, sending them demands, those
sound like actions Bell would have serious difficulty in doing without
giving someone reasonable cause to believe they were being targetted
for murder.

@_date: 1997-04-07 08:50:09
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: AP Revisited 
The major problem with the scheme is that rat-choice is a theoretical
abstraction and not graven on tablets of stone by the supreme being.
Its a bit like Marxism, discover one small aspect of the way that
economies work then assert that it is the _only_ effect.
Unfortunately for Bell he underestimated the scope for state intervention. He's lucky he lives in the US, in France he would
have been silenced long ago.
I think its more likely that the states involved would start
using covert operations using their own personel rather than contracting out the job.
Recently a bunch of UK entepreneurs with significant political backing (brown envelopes?) attempted to start a private lottery. They
managed to continue for a few months until the government was forced to
close them down. But for their ex-cabinet minister on the board the
directors would probably have gone to jail.
Indeed they were merely one in a long line of schemes each of which
had three things in common, cryptography, anti-government sentiments
and murdering people.
I think that people are giving Jim too much credit. I seem to recall
that Tim May or Perry Metzeger took Bell's original scheme apart,
made it into something like a coherent argument and then dissmissed
the strengthened scheme.
The problem with AP is that to make it work you have to assume that
the public at large accept some particular normative ethical standard.
If this were true you wouldn't need AP.
I seem to recall that the War on Drugs was a Bush proposal originally.
Dole supported it and as with the CDA I would not expect a single member of congress to stand up against charges of "drug dealers friend".
I think its quite wrong to see Clinton as someone who believes in the authoritarian position, the real problem is he cuts his cloth
according to the popular whim.
In fact Clinton demonstrates precisely the type of outcome AP would
produce but without the murders. Basically AP is mob law or  lynch law
at best.
Hitlers supporters would probably have set up a bounty for killing
Jews, Communists and homosexuals.
The British Government spent considerable amounts of effort attempting
to assasinate Hitler. It proved impossible. The CIA offers considerable
rewards for "information" on certain individuals but the takeup rate is
much lower than rat-choice would indicate. If anyone wants to make a quick couple of million I can give them the
names of a number of people the CIA would like to see "out of the game".
If the sum on offer is insufficient a higher one can almost certainly be
agreed. I doubt that there will be many takers however.
I think the author might have been being sarcastic.
Interestingly enough the politics of Iran demonstrate why no government
could afford to allow an AP type scheme to be enacted. The Iranian
government is actually a composite of several power centers. As well as
the government proper there are a number of "independent" theocratic
organisations that are built on the former state industrial combines.
The various groups that formed an alliance to topple the Shah each got a
payoff in the form of "guardianship" of one or more of the combines.
These combines have the resources to create what is effectively a state
within a state. The government would like to move towards a more
accomadating situation with the West but it cannot because of the threat
from the private states within the state. The infamous fatwah against
Salman Rushdie was issued by one of the combines. Similarly the Lebanese
crisis involved multiple often opposed "Iranian" supported groups funded
by different state factions. Eliminating the leadership of the combines is futile. Death is not a
usefull deterent against suicide bombers. Assasination would at best
spark off a civil war.
Attempting to apply a US constitutional analysis based on the cult of
the individual to other cultures is futile.
$10,000 is about the market rate for a hit man at present. In places
like Columbia the price is considerably lower - $1000 perhaps.

@_date: 1997-04-07 09:04:01
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Cuba and AP 
If people want to see the effect of an AP society have a look at Cuba.
Under the Batista regime $50 was sufficient to have someone killed.
There was anarchy, the police were corrupt, the mafia ran most of the
few parts of the country that worked - even they found the lack of order
a problem.
The result was Fidel Castro. The Batista regime could neither reform nor
survive. Any society that was threatened by AP would likewise collapse.
It is important to distinguish liberty and libertines. The libertine
recognises no check on individual rights, even when they affect the
rights of others. The inevitable result of libertinage is

@_date: 1997-04-07 12:16:25
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Helping Prof. Jim Bell 
I'm not sure sending him money for lawyers would be most helpful.
I was thinking another type of profession entirely.
Until Jim actually gets charged for something I don't see that
freedom of speech is the issue. Jim appears to be in trouble
for reasons not associated with his AP rants. The AP manifesto
has made it worse and attracted the opinion of the press but it
does not appear to have caused his trouble, merely affected the way he was dealt with.
AP probably caused there to be 20 heavilly armed cops rather than
two unarmed ones. It probably meant that casual comments were
taken rather more seriously than otherwise. Bell was always much
more wacko off list than on.

@_date: 1997-04-10 13:43:40
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Checkout the crypto in IE 4.0 
Maybe people have already noticed but the pre-release IE 4.0 has S/MIME encryption and signatures built in. I'm trying to set it up as we speak.
Unfortunately Outlook Express does not seem to pick up the Outlook '97 address book so I haven't been able to add the sig to this message :-)
Phillip M. Hallam-Baker
Visitng Scientist
MIT Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence.

@_date: 1997-04-10 13:43:46
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Information Systems Security Board 
"John Young"  wrote in article <5iil75$n93
I would consider such a proposal from Suart Baker to involve an unfortunate conflict of interest. As one of the people who makes his living as a fixer enabling people to comply with the export control laws he does not have an interest in pressing for reform of the anti-crypto regulations that stop computer security sdystems being used.
He is like the owner of a NYC taxi medallion. His 'property' has no legitimate value but he has an interest to continue the legal distortions that keep it in place.

@_date: 1997-04-10 13:43:50
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Reporters, Declan, Columns, Articles, and Angles 
I have a lot more respect for Duncan's style than certain Economist articles.
A case in point was a little hatchet job some journo-hack did on Sorros' piece on the open society in the Atlantic monthly. I consider that Sorros has demopnstrated empirically a knowledge of markets that few economists and no journalists can claim to match yet the economist decided to have a go at him.
In any case since the piece was principally about political philosophy the Economist interpretation was plain wrong.

@_date: 1997-05-22 06:20:40
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Why I think Jim Bell is getting railroaded 
He only mouths off on cypherpunks about FBI agents and such but I know a lot of terrorists who consider the 911 system a political
target. The UVF in Ulster blew up a dam (so they could blame it on
the IRA). I would not depend on Bell to any extent in any circumstance to
be reliable.
Who says they have any at all? The US press does not need
information to publish articles. Bell has published his stuff
very widely.
Expanding is the word. Put someone under a microscope and you
are liable to find out quite a bit about them. Bell is not the kind of loon to stick one's neck out for. It may
well be that he did not explicitly advocate murder but he danced
awfully close to that line. My understanding is that the original
charge relates to statements made in person that were interpreted as threatening. Each act individually may not amount to a criminal act but together they could well do so.
For example in the 1970s a series of articles was written
under the pen-name "Brownie" advocating the "Ballot Bomb"
strategy in which political action would be used to compliment a
terrorist campaign. Now it is arguable that the articles were or
were not protected speech under the first amendment but consider the situation if that person were to say to someone such as a policeman "I know how to fix you". If as would be quite likely the policeman was aware of the "Brownie" letters the intent to communicate a
threat of murder would be quite plain.
Before charging to the rescue its a good idea to make sure
that you are rescuing the right person. Government agents
also have the right not to be threatened with murder.
The first amendment has never been interpreted as making
threatening speech or fraud legal, even by those such as
Jefferson who argued against libel laws.

@_date: 1997-06-03 10:56:25
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
I'm surprised at the concern. After all I've not noticed militia
supporters and appologists speaking out against the death penalty.
If one is driving away from the scene of the biggest single terrorist
incident on US soil one is probably well advised to both have license plates on the car and not be carrying unlicensed firearms.
If one is arrested its probably not advisable to counter interrogation
by refusing to give more than name rank and serial number, a request
to see a lawyer is probably a more sensible choice.
The one problem I have with the trial is the leaking of the
defense notes. I suspect that they are genuine and that McVeigh really did confess. In the UK publication would be barred for
the duration of the trial and heavy jail sentences imposed since
the right to a fair trial is considered a reasonable justification
for a temporary bar on the right to free speech. However I would
not argue that the trial be halted as a result since one possible explanation is that the defense saw that there was no chance of aquital and gambled on gaining a mistrial. $10 million for 5 days of defense evidence tends to suggest that there was not much evidence to show. Appologists for McVeigh should consider that his actions did not advance the militia cause an iota, it destroyed it and along with it much of the right wing fringe. It forced Rush Limbaugh off television and many right wing hosts off radio. The sympathy
shown for the bomber's motives made the country aware that it
did not share the anti-government sentiment. Clinton's poll recovery dates precisely from the moment of the Oaklahoma bomb. If you read the propaganda being generated durning the
budget impasse its pretty ovbvious that Clinton was successful
in portraying Newt as a legislative version of McVeigh, Newt
had of course alligned himself with the most extreme of the talk show hosts Liddy and Limbaugh when he became speaker. McVeigh ripped the heart out of the militia movement, he demonstrated
what it was really about. Ironically the Oaklahoma bombing may have
had precisely the effect McVeigh desired but in a very different sense. It was a wake up call to defend the country from fascism but the fascist threat was McVeigh and the millitia movement.
The millitia movement have only two possible scripts at this
point and one might well be denied them. They can either admit
the nature of their cause and claim McVeigh as a martyr, this
probably guarantees them extinction but then again Hitler recovered from the beer hall putsch. Alternatively they can loudly claim that McVeigh was "framed" in the same way that
other neo-NAZIs on the net claim the holocaust a fake, i.e.
so that nobody really believes it. I suspect that this script
will be denied them because it would require McVeigh to go
to the execution chamber proclaiming his innocence and this
is something he has curiously failed to do so far. I'm not
a trained psychologist but my experience in this area suggests
that a claim of responsibility and publication of some document that serves as a political manifesto is very likely.
It an ego thing...

@_date: 1997-06-03 11:12:17
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
This is yet another example of the result of taking the consitution
too literally. The English common law idea of trial by ones peers
somehow gets transmogravated into the peculiar idea that ones
peers will produce an infallible verdict. Generaly the idea of trial by ones peers has been read as a protection for the defendant
and that it is open to the government to grant a new trial if
they chose.
Appeals based on new evidence are not a matter of course in the
UK but they are not unusual either. One of the ironies of the
Maguire 7 and Birmingham 6 cases was that despite being widely
reported in the US as miscarriges of justice no mention was made
of the fact that in the US there would be no legal recourse
whatsoever. Even if it was proven beyond doubt that the evidence on which the conviction was based was fraudulent
there could be no appeal on that basis.
The trial was federal so the federal proceedures would apply. One other difference, Jewell saved lives by warning people of a
bomb and McVeigh murdered 167 by planting one. A small detail
perhaps in the eyes of militia appologists anxious to find any possible reason to maintain their fantasy world.
Again why the sudden concern for the mechanisms of justice when one white guy is found guilty of murdering 167 people?

@_date: 1997-06-03 23:59:10
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
That does not mean that they were the instigators. The militia potentially
stood to gain if the government overreacted and introduced martial law type curbs. The objective of terrorism is to provoke a reaction that can be
used as "proof" of the dictatorial nature of the opponent. This is why the
IRA spends its time burning down factories where Catholics work, it can
then blame the state of the Northern Ireland economy on "the British".
The damage done to Newt, Limbaugh and co was because of their reaction to the bomb. Limbaugh failed to give the categorical repudiation the act
required. Liddy appeared to be supportive with his "shoot for the head"
statement. It was very easy to pin part of the blame for Oaklahoma on the
people who had made a living out of stirring up hatred and paranoia.
Newt Gingrich got tarred by association with Liddy and Limbaugh. When the bombing occured he did precisely what he accuses Clinton of, he
equivocated waiting until the public mood was apparent to condem the
radio extreemists. It was too late for Newt to avoid blame since he had
also made much of his career out of the type of anti-government rant
that led McVeigh to mass murder.
There is a principle in propaganda that people unwittingly accuse others
of their own failings. Hence Newt who began his speakership by seaking a $2 million bribe from Rupert Murdoch believes Clinton must also be
on the take. The same principle is at work on the net. McVeigh is found
guilty of murder on the basis of a collosal mountain of evidence. The
reaction from the pro-millitia, pro-McVeigh people is that McVeigh must
have been framed and everyone who believes otherwise is guilty of "knee
jerk" reactions. If that isn't a knee jerk reaction I don't know what is.
There is absolutely nothing that the anti-government ranters contribute
to the pro-cryptography movement. They are a liability at best. Stuart
Baker is even now probably peddling his Clipper chip initiative in
Europe holding up one of Jim Bell's rants as "proof" of his case.

@_date: 1997-06-04 05:50:07
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
Actually remailers were invented by a lass called Stephi whose hobbies
appeared to include being tied up for fun. The original remailer
operating out of wizvax was a script that allowed anonymous posts
into alt.sex.bondage. Then it was expanded to support a couple of other newsgroups such as alt.abuse. When Stephi ran out of cash to
keep wizvax running (I have a suspicion it was something expensive
power wise) Julf took over the code and the scripts.
I'll accept that the ranting faction do some good work but I've not seen anything usefull out of either Bell or Vulis unless that
is you are an FBI agent looking to get a promotion from Freeh.

@_date: 1997-06-04 06:14:40
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
Well I supose there is the possibility your lot might see sense and ask to be readmitted to the British Empire but its by no means clear
you would be re-admitted. And there would have to be reparitions for
all that confiscated British property being used without compensation...
McVeigh is the racist extreemist who has committed mass murder in this
case, not the government. While I would welcome it if you joined me in
condeming US sponsored terorism during the cold war I don't think you
are willing to do so.
But this threat does not come from the state, it comes from those like
McVeigh who will murder children to further their agenda. The militias
have not rejected the concept of a state, far from it they claim ownership
of it, they claim that they have the right to dispense law, they claim
the right to murder those who disagree with them. Their ideology is at root that of Musollini's fascists.
It is surprising to find that you are so willing to be an open appologist
for McVeigh's crime but in answer to your point: No children are going to
grow up in a better world because of McVeigh or any of his followers,
many will not grow up at all because he murdered them.

@_date: 1997-06-04 08:35:12
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Who "invented" remailers? 
OK I'll partially retract the anti-government ranters comment
since Tim wants to be included in it :-) I think it was clear where
the comment was aimed however...
All you need to do to have a complete history of the remailer history
is to add in the event that caused Kleinpaste to write the code.. I remember
now, Wizvax may well have been a VMS machine and hence not congenial
to having its code ported off.
It seems that Tim did not explore the less salubrious areas of the net
but the closing down of Wizvax and the first anonymizing mailer was closely
followed by another service whose name I forget but the name Kleinpaste certainly rings a bell. 1992 would be about the right time period as
well. Elf Sternberg at Compuserve might well remember the rest of the story.
I agree that the Julf mailer had big problems operations wise but I fear that the current mixmaster setup is a bit too unweildy for naive use.
Like PGP I tend to see it as an advert to the authorities that you are likely to be up to no good. The CIA can probably find the information they
really want by simply tracking PGP messages on the net and doing trafic analysis, same goes for the mixmaster class servers and the problem remains that there is no response facility.
I had an idea for an anonymous contact server in the Julf mould that was
resistant to the legal attack. No logs of email addresses would ever
be kept, to retreive responses from the server one would have to send
a retrieval request to it, possibly including a password.
For one time uses this would be enough. But if you wanted to get more
comprehensive deniability you could require use of encryption and send back all the messages recieved within a particular partition of
the database. Its pretty difficult to get a good system that allows
a two way communication to be sustained.
The idea was inspired by the crypto-SPAM refusal list that I'm currently
doing a beta test on, try:-
Just don't tell the censorware folks...

@_date: 1997-06-04 11:50:00
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Who "invented" remailers? 
... Well Tim you did sorta ask for that particular comment... but passing on
The point I was making was rather different, I think the total volume
of PGP mail of all types is probably not a large enough fraction of the
trafic on the net to be secure. Taking any use of PGP as prima facie
evidence of subversive activity probably provides a reasonable cut.
If you want to take this offline I can discuss actual examples of countries that use this type of trafic analysis. The point is to
identify social networks. Anyone attempting to conceal their social
network is probably subversive.
Note that the type of government I'm talking about here is way beyond
the US in authoritarianism, much more like the USSR of old.
How many people in total do you have using the mixers? How many mixers
are there? Not if the principle applied is that any use of the mixer taints the person concerned.
If the total usebase is bellow 10,000 then identifying which person received which message is probably not too necessary.

@_date: 1997-06-04 13:02:19
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Who "invented" remailers? 
I really can't get excited about US domestic policy. That is not where the
crypto is needed. Eve so if you hypothesise the extent of surveillance such that mixmaster
remaillers are needed the constitution was thrown out long ago.
Now this happened under Hoover and the FBI still have their headquarters
named after him.
I'm having great difficulty making sense of the finely calibrated level of
paranoia which makes mixmaster both effective and necessary.
On the other hand it strikes me that if we could work out a better version
of Julf's pi.net remailer there would be a considerable benefit to the net.

@_date: 1997-06-05 01:07:21
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
The kids were murdered by Koresh who had the compound set alight.
I've gone over the videos we made live off CNN. There is absolutely no doubt that the fire started in multiple places.
If you are going to mouth off conspiracy theories at least make
them credible.
If a group of people shoot anyone approaching them for any reason
whatsoever the police have an absolute need to investigate. There
was nothing else the authorities could have done except prevent
Koresh from accumulating the arms in the first place.
The FBI bungled the seige baddly but thats why Freeh is currently
in charge of the FBI.

@_date: 1997-06-05 01:17:43
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
I find it very hard to credit people as being opposed to
censorship when they make thinly veiled threats of murder
when people post things they don't like.
This is the type of censorship that the IRA uses in NI,
Catholics who join organisations opposed to the IRA get
death threats and threats of punishment beatings. When the parents of the five year old murdered by an IRA bomb
placed in a rubish bin outside a McDonalds announced
a US speaking tour the IRA threatened to murder them.
Murdering your opponents for what they say is censorship. Bell's Murder Politics scheme was a censorship scheme.
The fact that Miltia sympathisers condone censorship through murder while fulminating at censorship by
governement does not surprise me in the least. i can
guess that someone will try to redefine censorship to
exclude death threats.
It is precisely beause of this type of behaviour that
people consider the militias and their sympathisers to
be fascist in nature and a threat to the values they
claim to defend.

@_date: 1997-06-05 05:35:41
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
Give it a rest. The people inside had already murdered several BATF
agents. They had every opportunity to release the children and allow
them to get to safety. They had every opportunity to surrender.
Since you clearly intend from your earlier posts for "whatever follows"
to mean McVeighs murder of 167 people in Oaklahoma clearly it does not.
The US police may be incompetent and corrupt but that does not excuse
the Oaklahoma bombing nor does it in any way lessen the responsibility of
McVeigh and those who encouraged him.
If you have a duly authorised warrant from a court, the inhabitants have
shot at people from inside the building and you give them two months to
surrender, sure go for it.
Only I think that the SAS is probably better experienced.
yeah peacefull types whose response to a visit from the police was to
lie in ambush and shoot at them with automatic weapons.
So are you suggesting that the police ignore the complaints of illegal
ownership of firearms and child abuse?
And in any case the point is that Waco does not absolve McVeigh and
the militias for the blame for Oaklahoma.

@_date: 1997-06-05 07:48:09
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
Since its clear that the McVeigh appologists are simply repeating
arguments from alt.conspiracy I don't think theres much point continuing
the thread.
There is absolutely nothing that anyone did that justified McVeigh's
murder of the kids in the daycare center or anyone else. Frissel, Gieger and co are simply trying to distract attention from that fact.
Hell, if we were to take them seriously they would have to all be FBI
agents attempting to entrap the unwary...
PS: Could the FBI agent monitoring the list tell us where to send in
evidence in connection with the Bell case?

@_date: 1997-06-05 09:46:33
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: McVeigh 
Tens of highly armed ninjas running at ones property does not
constitute a "visit." More like an "attack." If the ATF agents had
been neighbors of the Davidains, then the Davidians would have been
well within thier rights to shoot them down.
The proper thing to do would be to walk up and knock on the door. The
local sherrif suggested that percise action. However, the unassailable
feds in their ivory towers couldn't be bothered to ask any local
officials before the raid.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-06-06 03:16:11
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: Password pirates plunder XXX sites, from The Netly News 
Yes but I don't think those are the ones complaining. I noted that one
of the porn sites has a implemented a very sophisticated version of
the "referer" payment scheme I once proposed.
I'm sure a lot of folks are coding away as we speak. It would be a snap
to do it for a threaded server like IIS. On Netscape the interpocess
communications load would almost certainly burn you.
This could well be the nub of the matter. It could well be the case that
a lot of the passwords are sent out by the companies themselves. I note
that there is a usenet group alt.sex.passwords...

@_date: 1997-07-04 00:19:59
@_author: hallam@ai.mit.edu 
@_subject: Re: PGP security problems? 
Hash: SHA1
I don't think thats a reasonable assertion at all. PGP is positing that
they have an online identification technique. Verisign are asserting
have performed a particular identification process and suggest that it
is sufficient for a particular purpose:
Class 3 Digital IDs      Require personal presence or registered credentials
     Used for e-banking, large-sum transactions and contract execution
     Cost: $24/year for individuals, $290/year for entities/web servers
($75 per
     year renewal) If you are a bank or company that needs to depend on an identity inthis
circumastance the critical point is that you have a standardized level
of security. In electronic commerce it is rarely the case that one needs to reduce risk to zero. The question is whether you can quantify the risk you are
exposed to. Whether you can insure it.
The solution is to put trust attributes in the certificates. If you
do an email callback you state that that is the identification process you used in the cert.
Two years back it would make sense to upgrade PGP certs to work in
this way. At this point however X.509v3 has become the standard,
the most commonly available form of email encryption is S/MIME
which is built into the default operating system from next year
and comes with Communicator. X509v3 may not be perfect but its there, it works and you can carry the same information and construct the same trust relationships that
PGP supports. You can also construct other relationships. Looking at
the practice of using X509v3 with Outlook Express I found that the actual mechanics of use were remarkably similar to PGP except that
it was easy to add in an entire trust domain such as my employer.
At this point I'm somewhat skeptical that a single vendor proprietary
solution should receive unquestioned support from cypherpunks on
the basis of history alone. The question is how to put cryptography
on every desk top on the planet. Bill Gates is a better aly in that
fight than Phil Z. I think its rather silly for people to start complaining on this list about the bad, bad, hackers. If we could trust people to be
good we would not need certificates or computer security at all.
Making unspecified and unsupported allegations against competitors seems to me to be a very bad idea indeed.

@_date: 1997-07-10 09:00:09
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Potential terrorists 
Potential terrorists is I believe a term of art.
It is basically someone who has acquired the means to conduct terrorism, is
believed to have the intent but is not known to have committed an act.
Its basically someone in an advanced stage of a conspiracy. If the FBI had
got wind of McVeigh a week before the bombing and knew he had the truckload
of explosives he would fit this description.
Thing I missed on the Bonn report was any indication about the UK
government's policy. I suspect that this means it is either in accord with
the rest of Europe or more likely as yet undetermined. Statements to the
effect that they are following the Tory/US line seem to fit baddly. If the
UK was acting as appostles for the US they would have stated their
I believe the UK government is an important key. The UK inevitably has more
influence in the US than the rest of Europe since the language and legal
systems are compatible. The reverse is also true and in the past more so
because the Tories were desperate to have US nuclear arms. If the US can't
bend the UK to its side it has lost the argument in Europe.
The Blair administration has a massive legislative program ahead of it
undoing 18 years of Tory mismanagement and corruption. They are very
carefull to avoid any issue which they think may take a lot of
parliamentary time. A small number of Labour backbenchers who support our
cause could therefore prevail.

@_date: 1997-07-22 06:05:38
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Verisign gets export approval 
I think you have to see the whole gameplan to understand what is going
The issue is the "exportable" versions of Navigator and Internet
Explorer. Presumably Microsoft wants to release as strong a general
crypto solution as they can.
So if you are a merchant in the US selling to a European customer you
want to use 128bit encryption if it is available. The issue to consider
is not the 128bit certs, it is the client base. To access that base of
128bit "exportable" clients you have to have the magic certificate
whether or not you are in the US. Sameer's server is irrelevant, the
certificate is used to "throw the switch" on the client, not the server.
This only looks like it hands Uncle Sam a magic key if you consider the
single case. The problem is what the response of the other users of the
foreign certificates is should the government actually put its key to
use. The revocation must be a public act for it to be effective.
Certainly I can't imagine the US government asking Airbus industries to
hand over their accounts data so they can pass it straight on to Boeing.
I can't see it affecting any of the similar industrial espionage risks
that concern the companies likely to be allowed to use the system.
This is not a personal privacy issue, it is an individual talking to
large corporation who is not going to resist a lawful subpoena in any
I don't think getting someone else to act as a CA would work either.
Whoever approved the scheme at the NSA would have insisted on the
clients requiring a cert directly signed off a root controled by a party
that had agreed to enforce the USG terms.
It would be much easier to circumvent the restrictions by replacing the
https transport component in Internet Explorer. The API is designed to
allow new protocols to be slotted in. It should not be a big hassle to
introduce a full and unrestricted SSL implementation.
All Verisign is doing is selling a cert that states that the holder is
trusted by the USG to operate on terms that it considers acceptable to
use 128bit encryption. If the USG no longer trusts the holder in that
manner the attribute is false and the cert should therefore be revoked.
The problem for the USG is that if the scheme succeeds it creates a
demand for 128 bit encryption that makes the revocation mechanism too
dangerous to use.
Freeh is essentially operating under the assumption that he can persuade
the Europeans to accept his proposals if he has more time to explain
them. I suspect that the opposite may be the case and that the
resistance to Freeh is informed about the ecconomic power that the
situation hands the US.
     Phill
Phillip M. Hallam-Baker
Visiting Scientist
MIT Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence.
Email: hallam

@_date: 1997-08-30 01:10:24
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: ASK ToolKit Clarifications 
For my comments on snakeoil see:
Follow the navigation bars through 'key distribution" to "Monkey Wrench"
Despite the hype KeyGen does not "throw a monkey wrench" into anything.
It is unfortunately nothing particularly new. It is simply an example of the
type of technique that is commonly used in conjunction with a public key
system to keep keying material fresh while avoiding additional public key
I hope you are not about to claim a patent on the use of one way hash functions to create keying material. I have prior art on that dating back to 1993 and I wasn't the first to discover it by a very long chalk. I suspect that
the internals of Photuris probably contains most of the KeyGen proposal.
What about hard coded internal parameters?
If you can avoid the need for an initial insecure exchange your magic box
means you don't need the synchronisation technique at all.
I know of many, the problem is that most of them arn't much good.
The only exceptionaly simple schemes I know are Diffie Helleman and RSA. D-H is certainly simple. It is astonishingly simple in fact and much
easier to explain to someone than MD5 or SHA.
OK how about the symmetric key exchange system from Shen? You already
have exchanged a private key S beteeen the parties (e.g. used public key
or you have a password established). You don't want to exchange the password
over the wire en-clair of course. Nor do you wish to use the shared secret as the encryption key over long periods of time.
One option is for party Alice to chose a random session mask M and send Bob M,
The session key is then K = M XOR S. If the encryption system used is secure both parties can use the derrived session key without problems.
A better solution however is for Alice to chose a random token R and send
Hash (K, R), R to Bob. She can also use the XOR mask trick as well to decouple key exchange and session key choice. This is a massive advantage
if the text you want to exchange has already been encrypted. i.e. we
calculate M = K XOR S rather than chosing M at random.
BECAUSE YOU GREAT PUDDING HEAD THAT IS THE ONLY HARD PART.
Techniques to keep symmetric key material fresh indefinitely have been
known for years. Kerberos is full of them. So incidentaly is Windows NT
which happens to have a lot of similar ideas at least with respect to
authentication. The GSSAPI probably has the same stuff burried inside
it somewhere.
This is the whole big problem. Most people I know who are interested in
security worry about the competence of their security expert. So the obvious
thing to do is to hire another security expert to audit their work. That is not
possible if there are NDAs. Signing an NDA to not reveal source code is
one thing, signing one to not use a mechanism is quite another. The capabilities you describe can be easily performed using conventional
The only case in which NDAs normally come up in security work is when
actual source code is being exchanged. Even then the norm is for the provider of the security toolkit to be providing their their trade secret source
to the purchaser rather than this happening the other way round.
As for licensing terms that relate to the utility of the functionality rather than
the cost of doing the work these tend to be limited to cases where the
selling party has an established product of known quality protected by credible patents. Jim Bizdos meets these criteria, you do not.

@_date: 1997-09-28 13:01:40
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: engineering infowar disasters (was Re: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE) 
I suggest unless people want to hand the FBI an excuse
to harass everyone that they don't enter into this discussion.
There are plenty of conspiracy laws on the book. Infrastructure
attacks are illegal and exactly the kind of thing that gets long
jail sentences.
More to the point it is completely counterproductive. Even now there is probably some FBI junior waving Back's message in
the air as if he has won the pools, probable cause for wiretaps
I would say.
I suspect I'm not the only person on the list who is responsible for a service that is a regular hacker target. If I catch someone I really don't care what the motive for the attack was. I'm going to
look to make that person serve jail time.

@_date: 1997-10-01 00:26:13
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: sounds just like the snitch you are [was]RE: engineering infowar disasters 
X-Mailer: MR/2 Internet Cruiser Edition for OS/2 v1.30a on or about 970927:2154     Phillip Hallam-Baker  left his excrement:
+I suspect I'm not the only person on the list who is responsible  for a
+service that is a regular hacker target. If I catch someone I  really
+don't care what the motive for the attack was. I'm going to look to
+make that person serve jail time.
    I do not advocate infowar disasters or any such, but:
    there is _nothing_ lower than a snitch; you just qualified. a snitch
    is without honour, lower than the thief; lower than the law.
    may you enjoy your visit...  when do you go home to England or whatever
    sewer you crawled from?
I never promised any sabateur that I would keep any secret of theirs. I
have worked with law enforcement and the security services for many
years. If I catch someone damaging my property or property I am responsible for I call the authorities.
If someone is breaking into a bank and someone recognises the theif
thats not a snitch, thats a hero.
I believe that people who do bad things should go to prison.
It isn't my fault that this description includes many of the people you
send to congress. I never voted for any of them. Nor to judge from your
spelling did you. I completely reject your pseudononymous attempt to posit that there is a 'them and us' and that I somehow have a responsibility towards
anarchist thugs. When you grow up a bit you will learn that the real
world is not like your high school.
People depend on infrastructure. Lives depend on it. If people screw
it up someone is likely to be killed. Freeh will have a party. Indeed
its the sort of thing Nixon might have done on purpose to take
advantage of the backlash.

@_date: 1997-10-01 03:54:17
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: sounds just like the snitch you are [was]RE: engineering infowar disasters 
This is not what was proposed at all however.
Demonstrating security flaws is one thing,  exploiting the flaws for malice
is quite another.
It is the difference between Ralph Nader demonstrating that the pinto is
"unsafe at any speed" and buying one for your elderly aunt who has promised
you that inheritance.
That is a deliberate misrepresentation of what I said.
I was pointing out that *anybody* on the list who is responsible for a system is going to want a conviction if they are attacked. I believe the opposite.
So would you if you had had my experience. Even if you know that the system is secure and you have the perp under 24 hour surveillence by top people you are going to worry like hell. One of the people I advised during an incident likened it to rape. I
don't think this is too far fetched. There are many hackers who
see their machine as an extension of the self. The anonymity of the net cuts both ways. You don't know whether
its Sadam's storm troopers or teenage shit unless and until you
get a collar.
I'm interested in security at every level, including severe reprisals.
Neither did I. Discovering weaknesses is OK. Exploiting them is NOT.
Not in that case. DNS security is taking time to adopt because that sort of thing just does. That is an authentication problem and there
has not been a problem. Heck the NSA even published the DSS.
Be exact, not every security problem can be blamed on the Feds.
If you arn't carefull you will end up like Kitty Kelly who when I spoke
with her yesterday began with the lie that truth is not a defense in
british libel law (wasn't in 1776, has been an absolute defense since 1850 or so) then mixed up Australia and Argentina. Like you have to
make sure the points are accurate.
The assumption that the Internet and the telephone system are somehow entirely disjoint when it comes to Infowar is a somewhat
naive one. The fact is that the telephone system is just as prone
to attack, much more likely to use security through obscurity and so on than the Internet.
Don't think for a moment that if Joe Cypherpunk screws up the national power grid that that means cryptography rights for all. All
it means is that Freeh is going to demand and get a blank cheque
to eliminate crypto to match the blank cheque to eliminate drugs.
One of the strategies Nixon's plumbers used was to deliberately
sabotage their own rallies so that they could claim the violence
came from the anti-war movement.
Don't imagine that because something makes no sense US politicians
won't insist on it. They voted for prohibition, they spend $40billion
on failed drug interdiction policies and they won't stop at giving
Freeh $5 billion to supress crypto.
The symbol of the US government should be changed to a B2 bomber,
hugely expensive ($1.5 billion and counting), with no remaining strategic role (Pentagon, RAND, Air Force Chief of Staff statements),
can't be used in the rain (CNN reports) and visible on Marconi-UK
build radar. US congress is insisting on building 20 more despite
statements from DoD they just don't want them.

@_date: 1997-10-01 06:38:10
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: engineering infowar disasters (was Re: How the FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE) 
Unfortunately I don't think the above is true.
The secure DNS specs have been circulating in a serious way for
about three years. The main impediment to implementing them has been the time taken to completely rewrite the existing BIND code
to make it work. Unfortunately the design of DNS does not encourage
good coding parctice. The easy way to implement is to send out your
request independently of processing the reply.
One might possibly argue that the D-H patent has held matters
up or that the FBI has generally intimidated people. I don't think
this is actually the case however. Certainly Jeff Schiller, the IETF
security director has not been intimidated, he has been handing out
PGP to all commers for some time.
And which do you think is going to get published?
Declan might possibly put the second story in rather than the first
(but I would not count on it). But after his editor was finished with it
it would be more like the second. Not unless you or they get caught.
Some of the people who doiwnloaded and used it are in big trouble
That is not what I said. And in any case you probably would not be
continuing the meme that reaction is useless if you knew the origin.
All O/S inevitably have bugs. There is nothing that can be done about
this in most cases. Many vendors simply don't give a hoot about
fixing bugs. Two years ago Sun delivered a machine to me with a version of the O/S that didn't recognize the sound or video card. That
was a standard package, completely current O/S and broken out of the box. Didn't strike them as the wrong approach. Nothing I could do
but never buy from them again.
If there is a bug in the O/S and the manufacturer is not interested in
fixing it my *only* recourse may be to persecute the perpetrator of
an attack.
That is not my FIRST choice, but it is a choice.
Also most of my systems are designed to give warning long before
an attack succeeds. I don't trust the clowns who put UNIX together
all that much. If there is an attack I want to know as soon as possible
and respond by removing the threat as soon as possible.
I'm not complacent enough to put my trust in the O/S.
If I want such a service I will ask.
I built a burgalar alarm into the system. If it goes off I assume that someone is robbing the bank. I don't care what their motives are
or were, even if they are able to prove them they can tell them to
the judge, I am simply not interested.
If someone sets off the alarm it costs real money to react. Probably
in the tens of thousands of dollars. At present there arn't any secrets on the machine (with the exception
of some heavily encrypted signature keys). In fact the purpose is to distribute information. All the logs could be obtained under FOIA in
any case.
The sole concern in the risk model is reputation capital. If the machine
is compromised it is front page news. I want to ensure that does not happen. I am simply giving fair notice that I do not consider any attack
'friendly' and that I will react with the maximum force available to me.
I have good reasons for this policy and they have nothing to do with

@_date: 1997-10-03 10:53:15
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you.  anonymous assholes are your friend 
Because when you ring the alarm bell on my system
it is answered by law enforcement and it costs about $10,000 a time to deal with the issue.
Setting off fire alarms costs real money. Incidentally the security line you are pushing is a crock.
To get real security I believe you have to have feedback
and monitoring. This is especially important in an institutional
setting where you may not have complete control of critical
infrastructure. For my application simply hoping the guys with the white hats find security holes before those in the black ones do is simply not enough.
In any case I'm not as complacent as Attila seems to think
the security model has been amply reviewed by the best
in the field.
Threatening to catch the malefactor and put him behind bars
is a valuable additional security tool. The more bad guys
there are behind bars the less time I have to spend worrying.

@_date: 1997-10-05 12:21:29
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: counter-intuitive -- spam is good for you.  anonymous assholes are your friend 
Since I have no responsibility for either site I don't much care
Actually neither has responsibility as a security watchdog,
that is the NSA's job.
Actually I think you are the spoiled brat. If you had any real experience of computer security you would know who I am and who I work with.
One of the principles of propaganda is reflection - poor propagandists accuse others of their own faults. My guess
is that Attila is a sixteen year old schoolkid who thinks that
downloading PGP and reading Bruce's book makes him a security expert.
The real complacent folk are the ones that put their trust in cargo cult readings of Bill Morris.

@_date: 1997-10-10 02:56:56
@_author: Phillip Hallam-Baker 
@_subject: RE: EU Rejects GAK 
Before people get carried away it is important to realise that the
EU institutions do not map onto US ones. The EU Commission
does not have an analogue in the US system. It is an unelected
group of beureacrats whose purpose is (roughly speaking) to harmonize EU law. It does not have legislative powers in its own
right, nor does it necessarily have much influence.
The EU lawmaking process is essentially that the Commision drafts some suggestions and passes them onto the council of
ministers which accepts, rejects or ammends them. If there is
unanimous agreement in the concil of ministers (majority vote
on a restricted number of issues) then a directive is issued which
the national parliaments must then enact into law. The limited scope of EU laws is critical, the EU is much like the US prior to the civil war, the member states are sovereign. Thus there is nothing the EU Commission can do to prevent member states outlawing crypto, nor for that matter can they force them to allow it. They can assist in forming EU wide
regulations either way however.
The real importance of the EU report is probably that it denies
the statements made by the Freeh et. al. claiming that US alies
in Europe are in favour of GAK. Despite the fact that there has never been any public demonstration of a commitment the
administration has disingenuously claimed that it has the support of and indeed is being pressured to take its stance on
export controls by other countries.
Needless to say it is unconvincing to be told 'trust me' by someone
who is clearly peddling a lie. Few people can prove it is a lie because few people can claim to have the personal access to
European politicians the administration can. I know UK politics
well enough to know that the current parliament is not going to back any increase of powers for a security service that many members of the government was used politically by the Conservatives. It would be like the nation of Islam calling for arbitrary arrest powers
for the police.

@_date: 1997-10-23 10:54:36
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
I should point out before starting that I now work for Verisign. This
following personal opinion however and may not reflect any corporate policy
that may or may not exist.
I can understand the pressures on PGP to support key escrow. When I designed
the Shen trust system for the Web I allowed for an escrow facility for much
the same reasons that have been cited.
If it was not for the unrelenting pressure from the US government to support
GAK I am sure that commercial escrow would be a checkbox item. The problem
is that as long as the pressure is there any step towards commercial escrow
is also a step towards GAK.
The problem with PGP's move is that it is the first significant break by the
Internet software provider community. This will make it much easier for
Netscape or Microsoft to cave in. It will also build the pressure on them.
I wonder what would happen to Bills problem with the DoJ if he had a sudden
change of heart. Somehow I don't see Netscape and Microsoft holding the line
on GAK if PGP are happily exporting their product and grabbing market share.
I really did not expect Phil Zimmerman to be the first to blink.
I also don't understand it from the corporate perspective. PGP may be
picking up some business in the corporate market but at the cost of
alienating a significant part of the hacker community which has been his
best supporter up till now. I would think his best strategy would have been
to build on this customer base rather than sell it out at the first
If Phil Z. wants to get into the Enterprise market he is going to have to
start speaking their language. Most companies today are looking for open
standards. PGP may have been the de facto security solution three years ago
but the reality today is several million copies of Comminicator and Explorer
with S/MIME built in. If you are prepared to load certs manually for each
person you communicate with you can even use the Web of trust model with
S/MIME. Its easier if you can rely on a CA. I probably don't have to remind
many people on this list that few people make security a priority although
they are prepared to do so if it has little impact on them personally.
I really don't want to get into a standards flamewar, the point I'm making
is that this is a bigger issue in the Enterprise market than key escrow at
this point. Phil claims to have an RSA license, if he wants to go after the
enterprise market he can support S/MIME.
        Phill

@_date: 1997-11-20 19:14:32
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
And when you get this sort of claptrap it is called bigottry.
If you really believed all that pseudo-Libertarian crap you write
you would understand that national government is no more
legitimate than trans national.
Why should there be artificial, government imposed controls
on labour? Let the free market decide.             Phill

@_date: 1997-12-04 11:16:26
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Tim you miss the best part one of the first books to be banned
was by Dworkin.
Dworkin writes with a pseudo academic style but despite a third of
her book being 'references' very little of her argument is supported.
She deliberately quotes out of context and tries to claim feminist
icons such as Simone de Beauvoir for her cause despite the fact that "Mrs Jeane Paul Satre" was anti censorship.
Don't write the feminists off too quickly Tim, de Beauvoir's essay
'Must we burn de Sade' is the anti-censorship equivalent of your
cypherpunk manifesto.
MacKinnon is a more respectable flake. Her book 'Towards a Feminist theory of the state" starts off explaining that she is
trying to construct a Marxist theory of the state.
Even this wouldn't be quite so bad if what she was writing had
some recognisable connection to anything Marx wrote. Its more
a sort of left wing US academia game in which the object is to
shock your liberal friends.
            Phill

@_date: 1997-12-05 07:37:36
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
So being right wing means being libertarian?
I don't think so, the most right wing person I know is one
M. Thatcher D Litt (failed). She is also one of the most
authoritarian. I've always wondered whether she thought
'the road to serfdom' was a guide to managment of serfs.
All the young libertarian types running round Smith square
in sharp suits looking like Declan got purged one night.
Dworkin and MacKinnon were dredged up by the right
to front an authoritarian agenda being pushed by Bush
in the guise of the Meese commission. MacKinnon would
never debate feminists like Nadine Strossen because
this gave the lie to her claim that she represented the whole
of the feminist movement which in turn supported her.
If we turn to an analysis of agenda denial we can see that
MacKinnon was persuing such an agenda within the
feminist community, refusing to engage in debate. The
right was meanwhile using her as a tool to promote their
own agenda of social control allowing them to present it
in the context of 'protecting women' which was a recognized
agenda rather than 'reactionary bigottry' which wasn't.
            Phill

@_date: 1997-12-07 01:52:50
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Singapore 
No, I was merely speechless.
If you think that Singapore is a Libertarian paradise then
you are not a Libertarian. I don't doubt that Duncan is
capable of being an appologist for the Signapore regime
just as there were a lot of 'Communists' who used to fawn
over Stalin.
The fact is that Singapore taps every telephone call, monitors
every public place and performs traffic analysis to identify
dissident communities. The fear of being identified in such a community is a major means of suppressing dissent.
Duncan and Declan are merely indulging in a very popular
passtime of idealogues, fawning over benevolent dictatorships.
            Phill

@_date: 1997-12-15 09:07:05
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
Actually I was entirely correct. He had already executed a
non-lethal attack and there was considerable evidence to
suggest he was planning something more lethal in future.
Read the essay, he quite clearly states his reason for wanting to see IRS agents murdered. He plead guilty, to lesser charges. That does not mean he gets
the benefit of the doubt.
He was clearly a loon and quite probably would have killed someone sooner or later.             Phill

@_date: 1997-12-21 01:27:43
@_author: "Phillip M. Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: Re: White House admits censoring Chinese dissident 
Both are propaganda arms of the US government. For better
or worse the idea is to allow the US President to promote his
political agenda across the world. If the US president decides
not to allow a person access to his propaganda machine thats
not censorship, its an editorial decision.
There is a great new history of both agencies called 'Warriors
of disinformation' written by Wick's second in command.
I am not opposed in principle to governments having a propaganda
agency but VoA and Worldnet should be shut down completely.
Unlike the BBC they have entirely failed to gain credibility, the
propaganda they broadcast is as obvious and transparent as radio Moscow, and about as interesting.
To appreciate the subtlty of World service propaganda you have
to listen very hard. For example during a refuge crisis there is
a long piece about the ex-pat Kurd communities in Australia and Toronto. The propaganda objective being to make refugees make
those places their destinations of choice.
CNN has made VoA entirely obsolete. The best thing the US could do would be to give them the VoA shortwave transmitters and retire.
The only place where Worldnet has had a measurable impact is in the West generally and the US in particular. Worldnet spin allowed the Russian shooting down of KAL 007 over Russian Airspace to be presented as an act of unconsionable perfidy
while the Vincent's shooting down of an Iranian civilian airplane
in international airspace was presented as 'an unfortunate The piece de resistance of US propaganda efforts is TV
Marti which costs the US millions of dollars each year to broadcast from a blimp moored in Florida. It costs Castro
a few thousand dollars to jam it using cheap transmitters.
Television is much easier to jam than radio, both because
of the frequencies used and the need for a clear timing
Ironically the Cubans have said that they are quite happy to have US TV, they just can't resist an opportunity for a
cheap propaganda victory of their own. The idea that Cubans
can keep the Imperialist Americans at bay by being smarter
is the big idea keeping Castro in power. ABC, NBC and CNN signals are quite wellcome.
There is good reason to believe them since in Dresden the
East German authorities errected a relay station to broadcast
west german TV. They were finding it difficult to persuade people to work in Dresden which is out of range of the West
German TV signal. The best propaganda a democratic government can create
is that outside its control. Political change in South Africa came partly as a result of US TV shows which showed Blacks
in positions of authority. The Web will effect political change
through person to person interactions, on USEnet, IRC and
mailing lists. I don't think it is a good idea for a democratic government to
spend money propagandising to its own people. I don't think
that the US has the subtlety to propagandise effectively to others. Ergo it should get out of the propaganda business                 Phill

@_date: 1998-04-15 13:11:30
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Apple crypto engineer position available 
I think Mark makes a mistake in confusing pre-conditions for market
acceptance with requirements for market growth.
of less than 100 users I have my own ideas as to why Apple did not
succeed with its powertalk architecture. I see the lack of commitment
to open standards as the key factor.
Consider the attractiveness of a communications system that only
communicates from one Mac to another. Today that might be just about
adequate for many people's needs, after all the PowerMacs are
quite powerful. Back in 1990 however the Mac platform was a rather
weedy 68000 with an operating system that was very expensive to
develop for and a relatively small market share.
If you had a power hungry application in 1990 you had to get a RISC
processor which in turn meant like it or not you had to use UNIX
(or VMS). Standardising on a Mac only platform just was not going
to happen regardless of how great the software was.
To the extent that requiring a CA meant higher startup costs the
powertalk architecture was flawed. The problem had always been a
chicken and egg situation in which PKI applications could not
take off without a CA and CAs could not take off without successful
PKI applications.
PGP cut the gordian knot and demonstrated that it was _possible_
to have a successful PKI application without a CA. But that is not
to say that a trusted third party cannot add value to an
application. PGP validated PKI generally but it did not invalidate
the CA concept - in the PGP system everyone is a trust provider,
everyone is in that sense a CA.
But just because CAs may be dispensed with in a system of 10,000
odd users whose principal concern is confidentiality does not mean
they have no role in a system of over 1 million users where the
legal enforceability of a signed contrat is an issue.
Consider as an example the case in which there are 1,000,000 users
and people generally prefer certificate chains to be no longer than
three people. That can only be achieved if either people on average
sign 100 keys or some people sign a great number of keys (thousands).
In my book anyone who is signing over 1000 keys had better have
a pretty decent idea of what they are doing and should probably
think of themselves as a CA.
The other shortcomming of Apple's approach was not realising
that there is a middle ground. To take an example most people
think of VeriSign as a CA because of our public CA business
(Server certificates, S/MIME certificates). A lot of people who
spend a lot of energy blasting our business model don't realise
that our enterprise offering, OnSite is a product which allows
other people to set up their own CA outsourcing the expensive
to implement Issuing Authority functions rather than handing
over control of their enterprise to us.
It is true that if folk want to issue certificates which are
incorporated into the VeriSign public hierarchy we insist on
certain contractual undertakings from them (i.e. if they issue
a certificate to Fred Bloggs they take the same steps we would
to check it really is Fred Bloggs).
We have already got to the point where we have proved the
viability of PKI generally. The question to ask is not what
are the preconditions for establishing PKI but how can we
grow the PKI market best?
In short Apple's plans were not too crazy from the perspective
of where they wanted to get. The fault lay in not understanding
how the market could get from where it is to where they thought
it should go. They failed to understand that communications
products can only be successful as genuinely open standards with
ubiquitous support. They saw the Powertalk architecture as a
means to sell more Macs, not as a business in itself.

@_date: 1998-09-19 16:55:03
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Questions for Magaziner? 
This is way beyond what I expected. If I had expected him to go
beyond what he said at the MIT Media in Transition forum earlier this
year I would have made every effort to attend.
Essentially at MIT I tried to put words in his mouth by stating what
I knew he had said in private and adding that if he agreed then
Freeh would insist that one or the other of them go. He was not
at that time able to say anything more, although he did not leap
to the opportunity to push the Freeh line.
This statement in and of itself is not the type of thing I would
expect unless either Magaziner is planning to jump ship or he
knows that he can get away with it without retribution. If it
is the latter it would indicate that Freeh has very much less
influence than he did 6 months ago.
Not exactly a ringing endorsement of our position but something
that can be used against spokesmen for the FBI party line.
All in all I would prefer allowing the crypto export laws to
time out, becomming progressively less relevant until they
disappear than have bills appear in Congress. However good
the bill that goes into congress the result will be at best
a compromise.

@_date: 1998-09-19 16:55:47
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Questions for Magaziner? 
We have an answer to this one, unfortunately drowned by the various
sex scandals of assorted congressional chairmen (and other sex
scandal trivia).
Mr Freeh recently testified that he wanted access to private
communications and was immediately contradicted by the Vice President
who stated that Freeh was expressing a personal opinion and
not administration policy.
Whitehouse spin or a sign that Freeh is loosing his grip? Freeh's
attempts to ingratiate himself with the republican party have
done him no favours of late.

@_date: 1998-09-20 14:35:42
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Questions for Magaziner? 
No, that won't work. One side is set to check that the bits it
decrypts match the ones sent in the clear. If they don't match it
rejects them.
There is a problem with the deployed browser base either way :-(.
There is no real difficulty in reducing the number of bits
exposed from 88 to 72 however.
Certainly 56bit RC4 would be preferrable to 56bit DES for most
people at this point since it is unlikely that the EFF will invest
another $250K in proving the same point again for RC4 while the
plans for a DES cracker are now published in a book. If the
government won't allow security, we are back at the stage of
setting up the best obstacles we are allowed rather than
establishing barriers.
There is very good reason to deny the FBI wiretap powers. The FBI
is now back into the type of political investigations it did under
Hoover. It is investigating the question of who gave Salon magazine
information that discredits Mr Hyde despite the fact that there is
no evidence it came from the alledged source and even if there was
discrediting a Congressman is not illegal.

@_date: 1998-11-06 10:39:49
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Digicash bankruptcy 
Phil is right in much of what he says but in a couple of cases he
is wrong.
Regarding the 'vortex of buzz technologies', VRML, network computers
and push are certainly not hot properties at the moment, neither is
interactive TV - but the Web was designed as the antithesis of Interactive TV. The root failure of Interactive TV was the assumption
that the world wanted to spend its time passively consuming the dross
pumped out through a 1000 channel 120" TV which would dominate the home.
I would also like to add Java onto the pile. Java today is simply
what C++ should have been. It does not revolutionize the programming
industry, it simply provides what some people think is an object
oriented programming environment and removes some of the worst legacy clutter of C.
Cryptographic payment systems are here - in the form of credit card
transactions over SSL. The main problem with SET and its competitors
is that SSL works a little too well.
That is not to say that there is no future for SET. SSL and credit
cards are unlikely to make the leap from the consumer market to the
business to business market. SET provides an ideal platform to integrate the use of the credit card infrastructure for business
The other area where I would disagree is over protocols. HTTP is
quite radically different to FTP in that it is a computer client
to computer server protocol. The metaphor of FTP is rumaging through
a filing cabinet. The HTTP and Web mechanism employs a locator.
Admittedly there was nothing to stop a text mode Web being created
in 1982 but nobody did so.
What is true is that the time taken for Internet technologies to move
to market is very slow. Much of the HTTP technology that just reached the market was proposed in '92 and '93. Finaly I have difficulty regarding Digicash as being all that socially
responsible. Chaum's problems had a lot to do with the business terms
he insisted on. What he had was a technology which allowed an improvement
to a payment system. He imagined he had a monopoly on the only feasible
solution. He was very baddly mistaken. The monopoly rents he demanded
were more than the market was willing to pay for a working and deployed
system - let alone for a patent license.

@_date: 1998-11-06 12:15:36
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Digicash bankruptcy 
Chaum's reported demands for patent licensing fees were consistently
above 10-20% of the service revenue plus a significant up front fee.
Those levels are more usually associate with a monopolistic patent,
hence 'monopoly rent'.
The fact that Chaum didn't have the monopoly he appeared to imagine
is probably why nobody was queuing up to pay his demands.

@_date: 1998-11-22 13:49:35
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: Rivest Patent 
I seem to recall that he tried to patent the idea of feedback -
and was refused. He got the govenor patent though.
I think the biggest problems are not so much in the extensions
to the internationally accepted scope of patentability that the
US patent office has uniquely indulged in in the past but the
more recent accretions. Business models and experimental data
are now being allowed - what possible justification can there
be for giving the first person to mechanically sequence a piece
of DNA exclusive commercial rights to exploit that knowledge.
Ulitmately the US PTO has become an international object of
ridicule and contempt. The PTO operates under a condition of
moral hazard - it knows that it is likely to be sued for refusing
a patent but cannot be sued for incompetently (or for that
matter even maliciously granting one).
One enterprising chappie even patented PEM - using the RFC as
a reference in the claim! There are numerous examples of
similar negligence. I can provide several examples of US patents
issued with identical independent claims, in one case near identicaly worded.
Rather than debate the PTO's actions of 20 years ago it would seem
more appropriate to discuss their current actions.

@_date: 1998-12-05 13:36:01
@_author: "Phillip Hallam-Baker" 
@_subject: RE: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
John Gilmore may be right, but remember folks that in Europe we have this
thing the Greeks invented called democracy. One of the ideas of democracy
is that decisions are not made in secret closed meetings.
The interpretation of the US ambassador appears to be based on the
that the governmental proceedures of democratic countries are like those of
his home country. In fact European governments cannot make law simply by
telling the national police force to arrest folk who engage in particular
The system of checks and balances may be described in the US constitution
but it is entrenched in the European polity. The UK does not have a national
police force precisely to stop Hooverism.
Even directives of the European Commission do not have legal force until the
national parliaments enact legislation to implement the directive.
One should also remember that the government of the Netherlands has agreed
to control the sale and use of narcotics. If their efforts to control
cryptography are as dilligent we have nothing to worry about.
In addition under the single European act the entire country of Europe is
one export zone for crypto control purposes. I fail to see that stopping
Brits from exporting crypto to the US changes the equation a great deal.
There once was an English king called Canute who attempted to demonstrate
to his courtiers that he was fallible and could not order the tide to
turn. Perhaps Clinton's courtiers need to learn that they suffer the same
