
@_date: 1994-04-07 13:03:19
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Pseudonyms and Reputations 
Years ago, I worked on "hypertext publishing", a vision of electronic
publishing that often included the image of readers choosing what to
read based on automated personal filters, filters which merged
evaluations from previous readers, and which weighted those readers
according to explicit "reputations", which were to be some sort of
merging of evaluations of that reader.  I eventually came to believe that the social aspects of this vision
were the least well thought out, and needed the most attention.  But
the Xanadu software techies I worked preferred to focus on concrete
software problems, though they acknowledged the importance of social
issues.  As I thought more about social issues, I drifted from the
Xanadu group and toward thinking about other problems, which eventually
led to my new career as a designer of social institutions.
Anyway, the point of my story is to agree with Hal that there are big
issues yet to be dealt with regarding decentralized reader filtering
based on explicit author endorsements.  And I want to remind folks that
these issues are pretty much independent of cryptography; they have
been around for a while, waiting for someone with the relevant social
expertize to give them serious attention.
So, yes, experiments would be useful, though they needn't be tied to a
cryptographic system.  But some just plain careful thinking would be
perhaps more useful.  I fear, however, that these issues may remain
largely undealt with for some time to come, since the techies most
interested in them may again prefer to focus on familiar software and
math problems, rather than invest the time needed to develop expertize
on social issues.  I hope you prove me wrong though. :-)
Robin Hanson

@_date: 1994-08-14 16:24:02
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Seeking Clipper/Telephone Cost Estimates 
I've been invited to revise my 3700 word article "Can Wiretaps Remain
Cost-Effective?" (which appeared in the CPSR Sourcebook on Cryptography,
July 1993) into a 2000 word Viewpoint article in CACM (the Communications
of the Association for Computing Machinery), to appear as soon as I'm ready.  As a first year grad student, I haven't been keeping much track of
Clipper & Digital-Telephony stuff, and am now struggling to catch up.
If any cypherpunks could help, I'd be appreciative.
For example, my paper last year included the sentence   The current government contractor claims it will offer the wiretap chips
  for about $26 each in lots of 10,000 [2], over twice the $10 each a
  competing private developer claims it would charge [11] for a chip with
  comparable functionality, minus wiretap support.
as part of an attempt to estimate the direct costs imposed by the
"clipper" chip.  I recall seeing that they are now offering these
wiretap chips for $15 each, but can't seem to find the source for
that.  I'm also told the clipper chips are big VSLI chips, and too big
to fit into cellular phones which are the main current potential
market for encryption chips.  Can anyone offer more technically savvy
and up to date estimates of any of the added costs such wiretap chips
impose over other encryption chips?
The current Edwards/Leahy Digital Telephony Bill appears on the
surface to be a big step in the direction of this proposal from my paper:
  Regarding phone company support for wiretaps, it seems clear that if
  wiretaps are in fact cost-effective, there must be some price per wiretap
  so that police would be willing to pay for wiretaps, and phone companies
  would be willing to support them.  As long as the current law requiring
  police to pay phone company "expenses" is interpreted liberally enough, the
  market should provide wiretaps, if they are valuable.
But there are big differences in reality.  In this new bill,
1) the money to pay phone companies comes out of a different pot, so
police in the field can't really make tradeoffs between paying more
for wiretaps vs. more for other forms of investigation, and 2) instead of a volentary transaction to ensure that costs are more
than benefits, "costs" reimbursed are estimated by some unclear legal What do folks think of the following analogy?  We don't object to
police being able to pay willing informants, but we would certainly
object to requiring everyone to be an informant, even if we were paid
court-determined "costs" for our efforts.  Of better yet, consider
that we don't require companies that make guns, cars, or computers to
sell to the police at some court-determined "cost".
Robin Hanson  hanson
818-683-9153  2433 Oswego St., Pasadena, CA  91107   FAX: 818-405-9841
818-395-4093  Div. Hum. & Soc. Sci. 228-77 Caltech, Pasadena, CA 91125

@_date: 1996-12-16 17:28:27
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Hard to Tax Scenario 
Non-anonymous docs would choose virtual or real based on
travel/intimacy tradeoffs.  Urban general practicioners might see most
people in person, while rural docs and specialists would have more
virtual customers.  Btw, how hard is it to have real-time digital mixes?  I imagine you
could learn a lot about virtual/real mappings from lots of "random"
communication lines failures.  Imagine all "leaf" lines into homes can
be broken on command from long-distance.
I think the question is whether 30% income tax evasion via crypto is
realistic given that the authorities aggressively try to prevent it.
Of course with lax enforcement evasion may be high, but as in your example
that has nothing to do with cryptography.
For some people, such as yourself, the cost of this may be small.  For
many other people I know, who socialize mostly with co-workers, the
cost would be very large.  The question is whether it is realistic to
think that 30% of workers would find this cost low enough to tolerate.
It would be hard to accept for me as well.  It would be a further
alienation of the workplace from what feels comfortable and natural.
Not only couldn't you show your face or voice, you might be afraid to
tell them new jokes you heard via your public persona, or recommend a
restaraunt or play you went to.
This scenario does seem possible for jobs where you do lots of very
similar tasks.  In this case a tester can just watch you do a dozen
random such tasks (assuming they can verify that you don't keep
repeating the test till you get a random result you like).  But for
most jobs, I think, the tasks are longer term, so that it is important
to see your actual performance over many years.  And even with small
jobs sometimes it is their ability to handle rare events that is most
important. The question I pose is whether agressive enforcement can prevent this
30% evasion scenario.  If yes, the evasion is << 30%, so assuming
constant taxes is appropriate.
A very good point.
Robin D. Hanson  hanson

@_date: 1996-12-17 10:51:42
@_author: Robin Hanson 
@_subject: Re: Hard to Tax Scenario 
Good point.  A big advantage of larger incomes for many people is the
ability to impress other people, like potential dates, with whom they
would like a relationship in the physical world.  I meant 30% of income, not 30% of people.  Robin D. Hanson  hanson
