
@_date: 1998-10-29 00:10:30
@_author: Hal Lockhart 
@_subject: Re: log files (was: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park ) 
With respect to Steve's vast experience on this subject, I must disagree.
Managing and tracking systems and networks does require monitoring and
logging of traffic.  However, the information of interest is confined to
the headers.  There is no need to examine the body of user messages for
these purposes.  Even less would their be a need to "crack" some kind of
bearer token. (Of course this implies that crypto should be applied as far
up the stack as possible, ideally in the application. But that is another
I hear you saying, "but what if the guy is trying to break into my system."
 I would argue, that if you are using strong cryptographic authentication
(whether his identity can be mapped to a human being or not) then either 1)
he will fail, in which case you don't care or 2) he will succeed, in which
case he must have used some technique like stealing a key which cannot be
detected by monitoring.
I raise this point, because I see it as part of a current trend to resist
stong security measures in preference to weak ones.  The current industry
facination with weak measures, like firewalls and intrusion detection
systems has caused some people to resist the introduction of strong
measures, such as cryptographic authentication and data protection.  The
most popular example of this is the foolish practice of putting an SSL
server, with its vital server private key, outside the firewall in a DMZ.  But I have also heard system administrators protest the introduction of
cryptographic solutions because some current half measure will no longer
work.  There are even misguided individuals who have proposed putting
master decryption keys at vulnerable locations like border routers, so that
messages can be inspected in the fly.
Like many people here, I live in the practical world and read dbs for
serious amusement (see Darwin on Malthus).  However in both worlds I spend
a lot of time trying to distingush the sound from the foolish.
Harold W. Lockhart Jr.               PLATINUM technology
Chief Technical Architect            8 New England Executive Park
Email: Harold.Lockhart  Burlington, MA 01803 USA
Voice: (781)273-6406                 Fax: (781)229-2969

@_date: 1998-10-28 23:52:57
@_author: Hal Lockhart 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and   Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park 
However, formal security theory, dating back before the invention of PK has
recognized that authorization systems can be just as effectively based on a
Capability model as an Identity model.  A bearer token in my mind, is
nothing more than a kind of Capability.
The idea is that what you really want to know is "should this request be
permitted." Using identity to determine this is just a way of adding a
level of indirection to the algorithm.  In a capability model, the answer
is presented directly.
The debate over these models has always revolved around efficiency.  I will
not review that here, except to note that while capabilities usually take
their lumps for not being able to scale well, pure identity models do not
scale either.  It is always necessary to introduce some form of
aggregation, such as groups, roles, citizens, credit card holders,
whatever, that reduces the number of individual rules that must be managed,
stored and referenced.
Therefore, while you may reasonably argue that dbs will not work or scale
or whatever for one reason or another, you cannot argue that it is not
supported by formal security theory.
Harold W. Lockhart Jr.               PLATINUM technology
Chief Technical Architect            8 New England Executive Park
Email: Harold.Lockhart  Burlington, MA 01803 USA
Voice: (781)273-6406                 Fax: (781)229-2969

@_date: 1998-10-28 23:39:48
@_author: Hal Lockhart 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and   Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park 
I've been waiting for somebody to mention that (according to
 one of the primary investors in Ncipher, which is the
company Bob touted in the rant that started this thread, is none other than
They also list investments by Newbridge and no less than three V.C.
companies.  Seems at odds with Bob's claim that they "used little, if any,
venture capital money".  However, I have not information about the history
or extent of investment in this company, so I bow to Bob's insider
knowledge. (Bob, I thought you were going to stop posting insider knowledge
to this list.  Or was it that you were going to stop NOT posting ...)
As an aside about Ncipher, while I am sure they are smart guys and will do
well, isn't a hardware crypto engine pretty much a commodity product?  How
can a company like this resist an onslaught from an IBM or an Intel if they
decided this niche was large enough to go after?
Harold W. Lockhart Jr.               PLATINUM technology
Chief Technical Architect            8 New England Executive Park
Email: Harold.Lockhart  Burlington, MA 01803 USA
Voice: (781)273-6406                 Fax: (781)229-2969

@_date: 1998-10-29 05:18:58
@_author: Hal Lockhart 
@_subject: Re: log files (was: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park ) 
I think in general we are in violent agreement, as are most real world
practitioners I have spoken to.  I won't even argue about whether your
original comment constituted "resisting a strong measure in favor of a weak
measure".  Let's just say that your comment brought to mind certain unnamed
persons who have done this.
However, I believe you missed my points in several other areas, so I will
try to clarify what I was saying.  Out of courtesy to the numerous lists we
are cross posting to, after your next response, if any, I suggest we take
this off list.
I never said that the flaw was cryptographic.  The idea I was trying to
express was that are two cases:
1) (Today) Let in unauthenticated or weakly authenticated users.  There is
a (relatively) high probability that they are attackers who will try to
exploit some weakness like a buffer overflow. In this case it is useful to
observe their application level traffic in order to detect this or learn of
the existence of the new crack they are using.
2) (Future) Allow only strongly authenticated users.  Either a) they are
legitimate users whose identity is known and will presumably not try to
hack the system, or b) they are attackers who have done something like
steal the key of a legitimate user.  In the later case, I admit you might
want to see what they are typing, but it will not give you any information
about the underlying problem -- their ability to obtain unauthorized keys.
I agree with that. It is amazing to me how many people enable crypto like a
talisman without locking down the rest of the system.  However, my point was that as I understand the theory behind a DMZ, you put
systems there that you think might get overrun.  You do not put the
mainframe that runs payroll in the DMZ. Yet, I assert, the server private
key, which represents the identity of the organization ought to fall in
under the same classification and receive the same protection. (Its
actually worse than I indicated, since if you want your server to restart
without human intervention, you generally have to put the pass phrase in a
script file or something.
Agreed.  I have no problem with defense in depth.  Only, as I said,
limiting the use of a strong technique because it interferes with the use
of a weak one.
I guess I don't see the case where the use of crypto decreases security,
except if a mis-design causes complacency.  In my mind, strong security
begins with strong (cryptographic) authentication. [Calm down Bob, I am not
ruling out non-biologic identities.]  If we have authentication, we can
have access control, audit trails, etc.  We can certainly add heuristic
measures like firewalls and IDS and potentially detect additional problems.
 However, I have met more that a few people who want to play with an IDS
because it is cool, rather than go through the hard and unsexy work of
locking down their systems.
Do you have any evidence for this remarkable assertion?  It sounds like a
council of despair to me.  Are you saying that no matter what we do or how
much we spend, we can not make systems more secure.  Say it ain't so!
I agree that as we raise the bar, new attacks become the weakest link, but
that does not mean you have not increased security. The new weakest links
are no weaker in an absolute sense. A better analogy is computer performance improvement.  If we speed up the
current bottleneck, something else becomes the bottleneck, but that doesn't
mean the system won't run faster.
The practical reality of the Internet today is best illustrated by the
story of the hikers and the mountain lion.  When the hikers encounter a
mountain lion one begins to tie on his running shoes.  The other says "you
can't outrun him with or without running shoes."  The first answers "I
don't have to outrun him, just you."
The serious hackers don't waste their time trying to break into AT&T, they
pick some place easier. (like the CIA ;-)
Harold W. Lockhart Jr.               PLATINUM technology
Chief Technical Architect            8 New England Executive Park
Email: Harold.Lockhart  Burlington, MA 01803 USA
Voice: (781)273-6406                 Fax: (781)229-2969
