
@_date: 1993-11-24 21:13:23
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Tax Havens on the Net 
compiled by James R. Hart
Internet Connectivity List -- Larry Landweber, U.Wisc.
Hoyt L. Barber, _Tax Havens_, McGraw-Hill 1993
Codes used to  indicate sites in each country with access to the Global Multiprotocol Open Internet:
b: minimal, one to five domestic BITNET sites
B: widespread, more than five domestic BITNET sites
IP INTERNET
I: = operational, accesible from entire IP Internet
i: = operational, not accesible via the NSFNET backbone
UUCP u: minimal, one to five domestic UUCP sites
U: widespread, more than five domestic UUCP sites
f: minimal, one to five domestic FIDONET sites
F: widespread, more than five domestic FIDONET sites
o: minimal, one to five domestic X.400 sites
O: widespread, more than five domestic X.400 sites          net access: ---f-
languages: Papiamento, English, Dutch, Spanish
currency controls: none?
bank secrecy: moderate (numbered accounts not preferred legal entities: Aruba Exempt Company, taxes: no income tax on AEC or shareholders, no tax treaties: none?
net access: BIOUFO
language: German
currency controls: ??
bank secrecy: good; numbered accounts available
preferred legal entities: limited liability company, stock taxes: corporate tax.  no bank interest tax.  20% divident tax treaties: many, OECD model, primarily personal and contact: Price Waterhouse, Austria
net access: --u--
language: English
currency controls: some (none for offshore banks & preferred legal entities: company, public company, taxes: income tax offshore banks and international tax treaties: double-tax treaties with 5 major countries (incl. net access: --uf--
language:  English
currency controls: none for nonresidents
bank secrecy:  moderate
preferred legal entities:
                local (conduct business in Bermuda, must be 60% taxes: no income, profit, sales, value added, witholding, or tax treaties:  no double-tax treaties.  U.S. can be provided
Costa Rica
net access: bIuf-
language: Spanish
currency controls: only on local currency, applies only to bank secrecy: good
legal entities: taxes: 15% on dividents for some nonresident shareholders, moderate corporate
Exporters exempt from most
tax treaties: no double-tax treaties.  Caribbean Basin Initiative exchange-of-information
Hong Kong
net access: BI-F-
languages: Cantonese, English
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: moderate?
preferred legal entity: limited-liability corporation taxes: 16.5% domestic source corporate  income, 15% tax treaties: no double-tax agreements
n.b.: treaty to return Hong Kong to Communist China in Ireland	
net access: BIUFO
language: English
currency controls: none?
bank secrecy: moderate?
preferred legal entity: noresident company (private corporation w/limited liability,
taxes: only on Irish operations
tax treaties: many double-tax treaties
n.b.: those with Irish grandparents can obtain second net access: ---f-
languages: German, Alemanni
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: excellent
preferred legal entities: allows any type found anywhere in the world (!)
taxes:  none for income outside Leichtenstein.  Net worth tax treaties: not party directly or indirectly to any n.b.: bankers won't assist law enforcement officials with net access: bIUFO
languages: Letzeburgesh, French, German, English
bank secrecy: moderate
preferred legal entity: holding company
taxes: holding companies pays only 10% registration fee on issued shares and
tax treaties: many double-tax treaties
n.b.: EC member
net access: --u--
languages: Maltese, English
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: good
preferred legal entities: offshore notrading, trading, banking (overseas, subsidiary, local), insurance, trusts
taxes: nontrading exempt, trading very low
tax treties: many double-tax treaties	
n.b.: EC member
net access: BIUFO
language: Dutch
currency controls: ??
bank secrecy: poor
preferred legal entities: private or public NV (can have taxes: complex, high (many loopholes for large offshore tax treaties: many
net access: b-uFO
languages: Spanish, English
curency controls:  none
bank secrecy: good; numbered accounts permissable
preferred legal entity:  corporation
taxes: none on income generated outside Panama
tax treaties: only on shipping income
net access: bIuF-
languages: Malay, Mandarin, Tamil, English
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: moderate; numbered accounts available
preferred legal entities: private limited company
taxes: none  on dividends, foreign deposit interest, or income derived from
tax treaties: many	
net access: BIUFO
languages: French, German, Italian, Romansch
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: moderate to good; numbered accounts preferred legal entity: AG (stock company under Laws of taxes: 3.6-9.8% worldwide income tax for operating companies, 35% tax treaties: many double-tax treaties
net access: --u--
languages: Melanesian, French, English
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: moderate?
preferred legal entities: holding, trading, agency, mgmt. service, contracting
taxes: no income or capital gains taxes
tax treaties: none
Western Samoa
net access: --u--
languages: Samoan, English
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: good
preferred legal entities: international company, offshore taxes: none for companies under offshore acts
tax treaties: none
If you like having this information, let me know.  Also let me know  what other kinds of information you need on tax havens and net access; I'd love to be of service.  If you have corrections to or additional information for the Tax Havens on the Net list, I'd be  happy to add it with full  attribution (or full privacy, as you prefer).   To preserve your privacy, feel free to use anonymous remailers and encryption.  My PGP key enclosed below.
James R. Hart			hart
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-05-30 18:05:05
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: encrypted IP 
Does anybody have an update on the crypto IP efforts?  I've
heard there are several commercial products, including
weakened U.S. DES versions from Semaphore Technologies,
Motorola, Hughes, and UUNET technologies.  Also, some
higher quality foreign versions.  How many of these products
interoperate across vendors?  Are there any public domain
versions available or in the works?  Any emerging standards,
so that if I wrote my own system it could interoperate with
other crypto IP based clients and servers?
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-07-25 19:58:06
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
Dunan Frissell elaborates: Isn't this kind of like writing them a blank check?  If I tell
them to make the check out for $20 and they make it out for
$100, how do I repudiate that?  Not only that, how do I prevent
them from writing and cashing more checks by increasing the
sequence number?
On the flip side, what happens if I make out a check for $100
and later claim it was only $20, accusing them of cheating?
How does the judge determine who cheated?
Since the check doesn't contain my signature, why does
the bank honor the check?
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-17 14:44:46
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: cfs & remailers 
But they'd still be in your logs, unless you immediately delete
or encrypt your logs.    If you keep logs to help debug your
system snoop-proofing those logs is a good idea.
Also CFSing mail spools just for regular e-mail is a good idea,
to help enforce the ECPA.   I hope this becomes standard policy
on the Internet.
(Of course, don't forget SecureDrive available for DOS).
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-19 00:58:16
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: cfs & remailers 
Bill O Hanlon:
They'd learn both if they had snooped the entire remail chain (which
is the equivalent of collusion).   Going back and retrieving logs
for all the the links, after the snoopers have discovered an
important message they want to trace, is both an easier and a more likely attack than wiretapping all the links in real time in anticipation of an important message -- unless the remailer operators snoop-proof their logs.
Also keep in mind that, given the lack of a good user interface,
there is currently too little properly encrypted and nested remailer
traffic to create anything approaching a true digital mix.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-20 11:19:33
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Single DES cracking vs. idiots 
Along with many others, Peter Wayner discusses craching DES:
I really don't understand what the concern is here.  We all
have access to crypto that is much stronger than single DES.
Anybody who is using single DES for something so important,
that it is worthwhile to spend 100 supercomputer days to
crack it, is really such an idiot that they deserve whatever
they get.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-20 12:03:59
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Making new crimes out of thin air 
I concur with Tim May's comments that a service is not the
same thing as property.  Nor, going further, is physical property
the same as intellectual property.  We have a long legal tradition
of protecting physical property.   It's the kind of thing people can clearly understand, morally and legally.  Intellectual property is often more nebulous.  Protecting new kinds of services at the whim of
a business (such as, for example, defining some string of bits
as an "access code" and instituting stiff penalties for "unauthorized
use" of that code, which ends up meaning whatever the offended party
wants it to mean) is a going way too far, putting all of us at risk of extreme legal jeoapady at the whim of bureaucrats, lawyers, and
jurors who couldn't tell an access code from a mail header.
For a business to lobby that some new and flawed system be protected at taxpayer expense is a gross abuse of the law.
To criminalize an entire group of people, such as hackers,
is morally bankrupt and turns the law into an illegitimate
farce.  We have quite enough crimes on the books that are hardly
being enforced right now; the last thing we need is to define new crimes out of thin air because some jerks couldn't be bothered to take the precautions necessary for the success of their business.   Criminalization of business
intelligence is a great recipe for destroying our civil
rights and bankrupting the government.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-20 12:19:01
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Attention Shoppers: Internet Is Open (NYT, 12Aug94) 
All in all a good article.  I have a couple problems with it,
which may be due more to the people interviewed than to the
* First, the credit card means that the vendor and bank can
both record the details of the transaction, and sell those
records on the open market.  This is hardly "total privacy".
The only thing PGP is doing here is protecting the credit
card number.  In fact, Internet commerce has the potential
to greatly reduce our privacy, via collection and dissemination
of transaction dossiers.  This is already happening on Prodigy
and Compuserve, for example.
+ Phil Zimmerman is correct to note that digital cash would
be a more important development, but he doesn't describe digital cash very well.  He says the features of untraceability, etc. aren't part of the dollars we use now, but in fact these features do exist in the physical coins and bills that have been
the most commonly used form of money for millenia.  The role of true digital cash protocols (beware of pretenders like "Netcash" that don't keep the privacy feature) is to bring these features of bills and coins to cyberspace, in place
of the new, Orwellian system of identified credit and debit
cards that has reared its ugly head during this ugly century.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-21 15:15:14
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Digital cash market 
L. Todd Masco:
Most customers want more privacy, but when you think about it, there is not a whole hell of a lot they can do about it right now.  If
they want to get the status and flexibility of a credit card,
they need to give up their privacy.  Nobody has tried to give them
a private alternative.  For that matter, no one has shown people
at a gut level, as a good ad could do, what the consequences
of loss of privacy are.
At this point Duncan Frissel will regail us with some wonderful
scheme, understandable only to lawyers, that can be used to
get credit cards under aliases, perfectly legal if you
use a doubly nested corporate structure going through Aruba
and the Caymans, and the IRS and FBI don't decide to get
to get you on some technicality Duncan failed to mention.
I won't comment on why most consumers have neglected that option.
What I'm talking about is a digital cash system that is as
easy for the consumer as an identified debit card.  We can do that
with today's technology.
The traffic level on this list is proof that there are plenty of people who care about privacy.  The surprisingly large number of folks who actually do go to Frissell style lengths is proof that there are plenty of peope who care about privacy.  Once we have learned what the problems and solutions are, we are willing to go to a significant amount of effort or inconvenience to get it.
The real problem is, these polls are not well publicized,
are geared towards political rather than business solutions,
and haven't sunk through to the people in the product R&D and marketing departments.  Exacerbating this, some organizations (such as American Express) make a lot of money off their free treasure trove of transaction information, and are using lots of FUD to keep privacy enhanced alternatives off the market. A dramatic, Apple-style ad portraying Visa and MasterCard as
Big Brother may be what is needed to get over the apathy
hurdle.   There are plenty of credit card privacy horror stories
we could publicize.  Think of what could be accomplished these days
with an infomercial.  But this takes at least one excited organization with marketing clout to do it.
Meanwhile, smart card based digital cash trials, supported
by a large bank, are going on in Britain.   There are major
markets for both customers and vendors that don't have access
to the credit card system, as well as customers who care about
privacy.  This is not a fringe technology; its possibilities just haven't sunk in yet.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-21 18:56:28
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: www log stripper 
First question: does anybody know the full URL for detailed
information on how World Wide Web servers do logging, and
the particular kinds of connection  and transaction information
they can log, and what information they typically do log?
(I know the main Mosaic doc URLs but can't find this info).
Second question: wev'e heard about installing swIPe in the kernel and using it as an anonymous packet forwarder -- stripping off the original.  Has anybody done the analogous thing at the http protocol level for the World Wide Web?  That is, set up an
httped, the only purpose of which is to forward URL requests with all
originating site and username information stripped.  I would
love to use such a service.  I would even pay substantial amounts
of "Magic Money" tokens to do so, if somebody writes a convenient user interface to that system.   Also, if some folks are serious
about taking the lead on either of these projects, I'd be
happy to contribute my hacking skills (the typical C/Berkeley
Unix & networking, etc.) and do beta testing.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-21 19:36:01
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Mail to all drivers in Oregon? 
L. Todd Masco:
I love the first part of this idea, and hate the second part.
As other posters have noted, putting the information that we
are unconsciously giving away to strangers, back in front of our
faces, is worth any million screeds about  how our privacy is
being eroded.  The fact is, we can't see that our privacy is
being eroded.  It happens silently and invisibly.  That feedback
loop needs to be completed to our guts, for there to be enough awareness to motivate most people.
But just what are we supposed to tell our Congressmen
to do?  We have way too much "write your Congressman to solve all our problems" bullshit in the privacy advocacy area.  It's almost all
hallucination.  I defy you to suggest anything that has a snowball's
chance in hell of passing that will _in fact_ have a major impact
on improving our privacy instead of just satisfying the needs of special interests who want to keep their monopoly on consumer information and keep consumers effectively ignorant of what they are collecting.  The most likely outcome of the above tactic are weak laws saying
that DMVs can only sell their data to a few select federal agencies
and credit reporting companies.   What a blow for privacy.
What we need is privacy as a _business_ movement.  We need to
offer services that are alternatives to to the current dossier
system.  People have to take action on their own, not go whining
to their purported leaders and comforting themselves that that they have done something to solve the problem.
Political action does have a niche in the activist ecology, but
it is a much smaller niche than is reflected by the dominance
of politics over more important consideraions in the privacy
movemement.  The proper niche of political action is as
completementary supplement to personal action and business
activity.  Political action that purports to be the main solution to the problem is, in all likelihood, part of the problem.
Political activism in favor of legal cryptography is
a supplement, a support for our personal decisions to use
cryptography to empower people to improve their own privacy.
It is not a replacment for deploying and using cryptography,
it is only a support activity.  Most of the decisions will
be made in the marketplace, in this case the marketplace
of aliased and out of state driver's licenses, with
with politcs being only one of a wide variety of considerations.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-23 09:24:48
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Credit cards, false names, and important details 
Duncan Frissel:
How is this simple?   A credit card company sure as hell wants
to known who you truly are and where you truly live.  It must
be able to collect its debt and mark your credit rating.
Applying for a credit card with false name or Social Security number is fraud, with heavy punishments.  Or are there, yet again, numerous details you are neglecting to mention?
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:55:16
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Golbal Econ. 
With an online clearing system, four elements of trust are
+ both the vendor and the customer need to trust the bank
+ the customer needs to trust the vendor to deliver the
goods and change once the vendor has been paid
+ any one out of n of the digital mixes (proxy servers) used
to communicate between the parties needs to be trustworthy
+ independent auditors for the bank
This kind of trust comes through repeated relations: if the
vendor has delivered in the past, and benefits from staying
in business in the future, they will deliver the goods today.
Same for the bank issuing and honoring currency.  Regular
money supply figure updates and independent auditing of a
free bank are important, so that they cannot take hidden
actions to inflate the money supply.   (Alternatively,
an online bank can peg the value of its tokens to, and
facilitate conversion to and from, a widely issued currency
such as the dollar).
Also, note that trust is unbundled. Each agent is only
trusted with certain aspects of the transaction; no agent
is trusted to carry out the entire transaction, or with
the knowledge of all aspects of the transaction.
There are entry and exit problems: it costs to gain a
reputation, and if one's need for a future reputation is
small it pays to abscond.  These can be overcome
by the agent trying to gain the reputation, via offering
up-front subsidies to use their services (like sign up bonuses), by sponsorship and introduction of new services
by known reputable agents, by keeping maximum transaction sizes
low, and by other means.  Many of these techniques are
well known and commonly used by businessmen.
Trust can also be gained by knowing someone personally.  Many
cypherpunks do, and this will remain important.  But it's also
a risk for controversial services, as being personally known puts
them at greater risk of being shut down by intolerant force.
So trust based on reputation of agents on the net, and on the contstraints imposed by cryptographic protocols -- that is our important task; if I might be so bold I'd say that's the essence of the cypherpunks vision.
There are also a wide variety of other means of gaining
trust through repeated relation, unbundling/distribution of
trust, and the like.  For example, an escrow is a third party trusted to hold transactions, eliminating the need for the customer to trust the vendor to deliver.  Escrows are useful when the vendor is anonymous, not having established a reputation for its nym, and for large transaction sizes.
The above bank/vendor/customer/mix scenario seems the simplest to start out with on the Internet at this time.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-08-29 17:42:49
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Transport Mixes 
It might be possible to transport goods in a difficult to trace fashion,
by applying the concept of a digital mix to physical transport.
We can't make them cryptographically hard to trace, but perhaps we can minimize the clue trail by substituting crypto for normal shipment records.
Here's a courier system for shipping small packages untraceably:
+ put your packages in a suitcase for a flight to a major hub airport,
which is also a courier mix site.  Each bag contains an innocuous
looking Newton with a small wireless radio.  These identify themselves
as mix shipments only if the proper one time key is transmitted over
a spread spectrum wireless channel.  You also put a message in the
Newton indicating the shipment route and enclosing digital cash
as postage; these are successively encrypted with each mix's public key, just as with remailers
+ couriers spend all day locating mix bags and taking them to
a nearby hotel room, and taking bags from the hotel room when they have been delayed, mixed, and queued for the flight they are
and only take a few bags each at a time
+ the particular hotel and room changes every day
+ a separate courier inside the hotel room takes the following steps:
+ like any mix, the delay depends on the rate of traffic going through the system: we'd like to mix up at least ten or so shipments at each mix
+ we assume that customs checks any bag at at most n-1 out
of n hubs (highly probable unless the bag contains something
that looks suspicious in the x-ray).
+ the contents of the package should contain no clues as to
source and destination, unless they are securely encrypted
+ each mix is a separate organization, composed of only a few
mutually trusted couriers
+ we need protocols for destroying shipments or shipping them
back to the customer, due to suspicous nature of the package
(customs would catch guns, bombs, sniffable drugs, etc.)
unclearable postage, or other exceptions that might occur,
and informing customers and arbitrators of these actions
Something of this sort might even be possible with larger shipments using large ocean ports instead of airports, standard size pallets instead of suitcases, and warehouses instead of hotel rooms.  Again, I make no claim that this would be cryptographically
strong; but in some cases we can use cryptographic protocols
to stop info flows related to transport that are otherwise vulverable
to attack, and concentrate on various techniques to minimize
other vulnerabilities.
The mix concept is limited to important shipments where one is
willing to pay a high preium.   The number of mixes will be small,
because increase in transport costs quickly overwhelms the increased security of using additional mixes, because there are these other vulnearabilities that become more important.
Can one travel personally, untraceably?  Here is a method
analogous to a mix:
+ instead of flying directly to one's destination, fly through two or three hubs
+ pay for each ticket with cash; if ID is necessary use unlinkable nom de guerres at each airport
+ remove suitcase tags at each airport
+ dress differently at each airport (just enough to foil routine memories of stewardesses, etc.)
+ if one is being followed use the various methods to lose them,
choose three new hub airports and start over
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-07 01:14:27
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: AIDs testing and privacy 
Brian Williams:
Besides the ANI, the other weakness in this scheme is that the
lab gets a sample of your DNA.  Are destruction of these samples
performed and audited?  Still, it's much better than nothing.  Now, how about doing
other medical tests like this so that insurance companies don't
find out?  For example, genetic tests. Challenge: is a crypto protocol possible with the following properties: the doctor writes and signs the prescription,
and it is not transferable, but the patient doesn't need to
show ID to the pharmacist to fill the prescription?
I don't want pharmacists, and whoever else they share the info
with (insurance companies?  investigators? potential blackmailers?), keeping track of what drugs I take.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-08 00:29:43
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Privacy regulations 
There is a central contradiction running through the dabase regulations
proposed by many so-called "privacy advocates".  To be enforceable
they require massive government snooping into database activities on our workstatins and PCs,  especially the activities of many small at-home businesses (such as mailing list entrepreneurs who often work out of the home).
Thus, the upshot of these so-called "privacy" regulations is to
destroy our last shreds of privacy against government, and
calm us into blindly letting even more of the details of our personal
lives into the mainframes of the major government agencies and
credit reporting agenices, who if they aren't explicitly excepted from the privacy laws (as is common) can simply evade them by using offshore havesn, mutual agreements with foreign investigators, police and intelligence agencies.
If cypherpunks contribute nothing else we can create a real
privacy advocacy group, advocating means of real self-empowerment,
from crypto to nom de guerre credit cards, instead of advocating
further invasions of our privacy as the so-called privacy advocates
are now doing!
The first political lobbying task of any real privacy advocacy group should be pushing for the reissue of Lotus Marketplace.   A
"privacy" group that works to keep the public misinformed about
the information we are giving out, at the same time increasing
the detail of government snooping of our private commerical data,
itself displays the kind of bovine bliss that is the most dangerous threat to our privacy, and ultimately our freedom.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-08 00:53:28
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Introduction: Telephone traffic analysis 
This is a good argument for using e-mail digital mixes for even
routine communications, and eschewing house-to-house phone conversations with one's closest associates.  Here are some
other alternatives:
+ Use public phones with transferable phone cards
+ Phone redialing services
+ Call large numbers of wrong numbers from your home
phones.  This is easy to do with a modem script,
but might be hard to arrange so that you don't run up
the phone bill or annoy lots of people.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-19 04:01:23
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Virtual assasins and lethal remailers 
Blanc Weber:
What about liability of non designers for failing to make changes?
What about liability of people who use fallacious moralistic
arguments and use coercion to stop changes?
Sue 'em for breathing,
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-21 06:12:58
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Hal Finney assumes that cooperating attackers are monitoring each and every remailer site used by a well-constructed message (which I define as two or more jurisdictions, at least one private box, and nested encryption).
While ubiquitous wiretap is a good worst-case assumption to make when designing the remailers, the odds that all the remailers in such
a chain are being wiretapped is vanishingly small.  A post-hoc attack
of examing logs, like what the FBI is probably doing now for the RC4 incident, is much more likely.   A wiretap attack would only become even remotely likely if there was a repeated pattern, for example regularly leaked trade secrets that appeated to come from the same Despite the possibility that the RC4 leaker used the predictable 'premail', or perhaps didn't even use nested encryption at all, and that the leak was serious enought to make the front page of the Wall Street Journal, I'll lay even odds that the leaker is never found.  If
the leaker used a well-constructed message,  and doesn't try to repeat his coup, I set the odds at 1000:1 that we'll ever find him via remailer tracing.  This despite the fact that the current remailer
network falls well short of a wiretap-proof digital mix, as Hal
correctly notes.
Jim Hart

@_date: 1994-09-29 11:44:28
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Re: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
An important question that arises out of this -- do there exist one way
trapdoor functions that are not in BQP, the class of problems solved
in polynomial time by a quantum computer.  In other words, we need
a function where the forward direction and trapdoor inverse are in P, but the normal inverse is harder than factorization and discrete logarithm, which are in BQP.
If so, then public key cryptography can persist into the era of
the quantym computer; such P/non-BQP trapdoor inverses would be the next genration of public key.
Jim Hart
