
@_date: 1996-05-15 12:17:39
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Re: Civil liberties of employees (Re: FYB_oss) 
[Wildly off-topic...]
Being a "Hooters Girl" is not a typical "allegedly food service"
job. [Because it's an election-year] the EEOC dropped the case,
but not before Tom Hazlett did an *excellent* piece on it in
REASON. _Corporate Rakeovers_, Feb. 1996 p. 66

@_date: 1996-07-27 06:47:38
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Here is an interesting news article from CNN concerning cryptography and export regulations in the US.
Tangent PGP key available on MIT PGP public keyserver. Key ID: BA8010B1

@_date: 1996-08-08 03:26:31
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Message 
w a s h i n g t o n   w a t c h
The Coming Internet Wars
Michael C. Maibach
There's a very real danger that for the first time both the PC and the Internet will be regulated and taxed. The PC industry policy landscape has never been so dynamic, as telecom deregulation and technology convergence take hold. Being on the cutting edge of technology places us at the leading edge of public policy. Here's what's coming.
In Washington
A group of U.S. long-distance resellers has petitioned the Federal Communications Commission to outlaw (yes, outlaw) Internet telephony software. Their view is that the unregulated Net should not compete with regulated carriers. The PC industry's position is that the FCC doesn't have the authority to outlaw this or any software. A much more significant threat is a possible RBOC petition asking the FCC to levy access charges on all "enhanced services," such as the Internet. They seem to object to ISPs moving data, e-mail, graphics and calls outside of the current "universal service" monopoly established by the 1934 Communications Act.
The PC industry's number one telecom goal is competition in the local loop. Such competition should drive more bandwidth at a lower cost. Only the Net offers a modicum of competition to local service. If the FCC pulls the Net into the archaic telecom regulatory system, access charges could chill use of the most important telecom medium in the world.
The FCC must also set advanced digital TV broadcast standards. As TVs move into the digital PC world, let's make sure that broadcast signals over public airwaves are both PC- and TV-compatible.
And speaking of consumer electronics, digital videodiscs (DVDs), with 10 times the capacity of a CD-ROM and studio-quality output, are on the way. The motion picture and consumer electronics industries drafted legislation to protect content while enabling this new market. Unfortunately, their bill would inadvertently outlaw PCs as illegal copy devices! PC hardware and software makers have a vested interest in the success of DVD technology because it allows the copying of data and images. We, perhaps more than any other industry, want DVD technology to advance. But legal protections and private standards must make this a technology as open to PC users as it is to movie Finally, Washington is considering measures to strengthen copyright protection of material moved on the Internet, require closed captioning on PCs that pick up TV broadcast signals and forbid software exports that have strong encryption protections in the name of national security. An industry that has grown up with private standard-setting in an open, unregulated environment now faces the kind of intense regulatory pressures one is accustomed to seeing in the railroad or drug industries. This is spurred on by the convergence of FCC-regulated industries with PC markets, products and technologies.
In State Capitals
Action in many U.S. state capitals reflects themes developing in Washington. Long-distance resellers have asked state public utility commissions (PUCs) to outlaw Internet telephony software, for example. Florida and California are considering taxing "digital commerce" they fear may bypass state sales tax regimes. And a few RBOCs have actually petitioned state PUCs to allow increases in ISDN installation and usage fees. Members of the PC industry, working with consumer groups and Internet warriors, have successfully challenged such rate hikes. Lower ISDN prices and easier hookup should drive huge volume increases in this market, benefiting local phone companies and PC users.
Around the World
So far, activity abroad is less robust than in the U.S., but it's just a matter of time. The European Union recently reclassified PCs with CD-ROM drives as "consumer electronics devices," tripling their import tariffs. Moreover, Europe is considering a "TV without borders" policy that would impose domestic content requirements on TV programming. Since movies are a type of software, will proposals to limit the sale of "foreign" PC software follow? And governments in Europe, Canada and Australia are considering a "bit tax" on digital commerce.
The old world of analog TV and telecom regulation must not spill over into the new world of competitive, open and digital markets. Governments must adopt the PC model of innovation and govern accordingly. In the U.S., the FCC must evolve into a Federal Competition Commission, and Congress should carefully guard digital commerce technologies that are changing the way we work, learn, consume and communicate.
Michael C. Maibach is vice president for government affairs at Intel Corp. in Washington, D.C.

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:35:31
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
The Postal service is working on a new postage method, 2 key signature, which will be unique to each "postal unit" ( stamp ) the signature will be logged when you buy the stamps....No more anon. snail mail......
Just thought you'd like to know !

@_date: 1996-09-04 00:05:00
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Voting Monarchist? 
it's pretty, but it can be nasty.
most pretty things can.
who is the candidate? LaRouche?

@_date: 1996-09-25 07:43:41
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Bernstein hrg in the news 
Feds on the Ropes In Suit Challenging Arms Export Law
(Dan Goodin, The Recorder (SF), 9/23/96, p.1)
software violate his right to free speech seemed to get a sympathetic
hearing from a federal judge on Friday.
software, U.S. District Judge Marilyn Hall Patel did not rule on summary
judgment motions. But she appeared impatient when a U.S. Department of
Justice attorney attempted to revive an issue settled months ago in that case.
that software is protected speech under the First Amendment.
deter government attorneys Friday from trying to reargue the point.
government controls on the export of software are not based on the content
of the computer code but rather on its functionality. Therefore, he argued,
the restrictions are not a prior restraint of speech protected under the
Bernstein, said she was pleased with the way the hearing appeared to go.
[Coppolino] than me meant that he was the one who needed to convince her,"
Cohn said.
International Traffic in Arms Regulation Act, which classifies encryption
programs as "munitions" and subjects them to strict export controls.
arms export license to post his "Snuffle" encryption program and
accompanying documentation to an Internet discussion group. He subsequently
filed suit seeking to have the requirement declared unconstitutional.
the export of such software and accompanying "technical data" amount to
prior restraint, which can only be exercised extremely narrowly.
bitterly for years that the law has crippled their ability to compete in
the global software market. Particularly in the burgeoning arena of
Internet and network-related software products, encryption features are
considered essential to protect sensitive data transmissions from
unauthorized access.
unsuccessful. A bill now before the Senate Commerce Committee has received
stiff opposition from the Clinton administration, and even its supporters
say it is unlikely the bill will pass this term.
- a group that advocates extending civil liberties into digital media such
as the Internet - said the so-called Pro-CODE bill sponsored by Sen. Conrad
Burns, R-Mont, could be made moot by Bernstein's case.
the Supreme Court level, which is pretty likely, the Pro-CODE bill is
probably not needed at all."
(retyping by NLA, newspaper liberation army.)

@_date: 1996-09-25 07:37:36
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Universal Avatar spec 
IBM, Velocity, and Chaco team up for identity on the net:

@_date: 1996-09-30 16:13:27
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: A periodic alert regarding Tim May 
Tim May styles his facial hair to look more like pubic hair.

@_date: 1996-10-01 06:28:12
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] A daily warning regarding Tim C. May 
Embedded in Tim C. May's babblings are preposterous lies, wild distortions, child pornography (both as graphic descriptions and in JPEG format), ethnic slurs, and racial epithets.

@_date: 1996-10-26 12:34:21
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
It seems fair to say that if power was morely fairly distributed around the
world, we could expect to see more cryptologists of the class of Chaum and
Goldwasser, since third world people with similairly high aptitudes for the
subject could think about these higher level (in terms of Maslow) things
instead of how to avoid starvation.
It also seems fair that we could expect the publication of more
cryptological schemes that put governments at a disadvantage if the
countless, starving third world people were just above the level of
starvation and thinking of government collapse instead. These two points suggest that the millions of deaths in the third world have
delayed the very collapse of governments that cryptoanarchists dream about
in their beds at night.
Now it could be argued that this is all in the past since cypherpunks
already posses enough knowledge about cryptology to acheive the collapse of
governments and all they are doing is waiting for the inevitable now and
flaming each other to pass the time. :) What will cryptoanarchists do
after the collapse of governments, though?  If the ultimate goal of
cryptoanarchy is to transfer power into the hands of the information
producers and traders, then it seems that the third world presents a huge
reservoir of potential information producers. Thus, cypherpunks ought to
care about the conditions there. Here is a scenario cryptoanarchists might enjoy: Some corporations which
rely primary on the actualization of scientific ideas into products along
information traders buy the ownership of the resources from other
corporations in the third world, and turn them back over to the people
there.  The third world people are then free from low-level material worries
and can put their energy into information production, which the people
controlling the information trade are careful to reward properly. Note that, under this scenario, the improvement of conditions in the Third
World does not imply a diminishing of the power of the West with respect to
the rest of the world: The West will still dominate the actualization of
scientific ideas into products as they already own the capital to do that.
Also they can will still own the computer networks the information is traded
on. Thus, the impact of material resouce loss is minimalized over the
long term.
Note also that the conditions do not have to be much above the level of
guarenteeing non-starvation, either. Consider, for instance, how far Eastern
European students are ahead of Western students in terms of scientific and
mathematical knowledge. The conditions there can hardly be thought of as
being much above non-starvation levels. Under this scheme the information traders benefit. The corporations which
actualize scientific ideas benefit. The corporations which sell their
ownership of third world resources benefit.  The information producers in
the third world benefit.  The non-information producers in the third world
no longer starve, as well, so people can feel better that they are living in
a happier world!
Once Westerners start exploiting untapped information production resevoirs
like Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union,  all this good stuff might
actually happen, too! :)

@_date: 1996-10-26 12:40:11
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
It seems fair to say that if power was morely fairly distributed around the
world, we could expect to see more cryptologists of the class of Chaum and
Goldwasser, since third world people with similairly high aptitudes for the
subject could think about these higher level (in terms of Maslow) things
instead of how to avoid starvation.
It also seems fair that we could expect the publication of more
cryptological schemes that put governments at a disadvantage if the
countless, starving third world people were just above the level of
starvation and thinking of government collapse instead. These two points suggest that the millions of deaths in the third world have
delayed the very collapse of governments that cryptoanarchists dream about
in their beds at night.
Now it could be argued that this is all in the past since cypherpunks
already posses enough knowledge about cryptology to acheive the collapse of
governments and all they are doing is waiting for the inevitable now and
flaming each other to pass the time. :) What will cryptoanarchists do
after the collapse of governments, though?  If the ultimate goal of
cryptoanarchy is to transfer power into the hands of the information
producers and traders, then it seems that the third world presents a huge
reservoir of potential information producers. Thus, cypherpunks ought to
care about the conditions there. Here is a scenario cryptoanarchists might enjoy: Some corporations which
rely primary on the actualization of scientific ideas into products along
information traders buy the ownership of the resources from other
corporations in the third world, and turn them back over to the people
there.  The third world people are then free from low-level material worries
and can put their energy into information production, which the people
controlling the information trade are careful to reward properly. Note that, under this scenario, the improvement of conditions in the Third
World does not imply a diminishing of the power of the West with respect to
the rest of the world: The West will still dominate the actualization of
scientific ideas into products as they already own the capital to do that.
Also they can will still own the computer networks the information is traded
on. Thus, the impact of material resouce loss is minimalized over the
long term.
Note also that the conditions do not have to be much above the level of
guarenteeing non-starvation, either. Consider, for instance, how far Eastern
European students are ahead of Western students in terms of scientific and
mathematical knowledge. The conditions there can hardly be thought of as
being much above non-starvation levels. Under this scheme the information traders benefit. The corporations which
actualize scientific ideas benefit. The corporations which sell their
ownership of third world resources benefit.  The information producers in
the third world benefit.  The non-information producers in the third world
no longer starve, as well, so people can feel better that they are living in
a happier world!
Once Westerners start exploiting untapped information production resevoirs
like Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union,  all this good stuff might
actually happen, too! :)

@_date: 1996-11-04 18:35:42
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Death of USENET Cabal Predicted, Film at 11 
VICTORY _____________________^_.
             KOOKS RULE            CANCELBOT|..`.
            SPAM IS GOOD            SPAMBOT |...= s P a M  O==-o    <- Cabal
           FUCK THE CABAL          GRUBORBOT|...~           \ |\
          HAIL  DR. GRUBOR------------------v~~            ~~            DEATH TO UUNET                      DRG CJ3 AGA`                          BOURSY`  `                            DLV`  `

@_date: 1996-11-06 01:40:28
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
The arrival of warm weather is heralded by the pig shit (or whatever kind of shit Intel swines have for brains) getting soft in Timothy C[rook] May's mini-cranium and the resulting green slime seeping through key cocaine- and syphilis- damaged nose and onto his keyboard.

@_date: 1996-11-06 10:21:21
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
I'll check with the Aus EFA and get back to you on the above. Hmmm, I wonder if a home user with a networked computer in say his lounge and another in his study will be guilty of a crime if he sends an electronic (and offensive) message to that other node!
Press 'N' now if your not interested in a tounge in cheek brief on Australian politics this week...
Action such as the above by WA would not suprise me it..of course its been tried before and defeated but that doesn't stop our political thugs here, they just put it on the backburner for a year and try again until people get tired of responding and pass it by default. Hell last week a federal member from WA spent 20 minutes ranting in parliament why all domestic cats (and feral cats) in Australia should be destroyed (Pussy Hater) whilst Australia's economy continues to slide, manufacturing moves offshore and our already record unemployment continues to rise.
Semi-auto firearms were banned here this month (even though the Prime Minister stated earlier that he knew it wouldn't solve 'The Problem'), including semi-auto shotguns. All other firearms are now hard to obtain (must show a valid _reason_ for obtaining a permit for each individual firearm, including air rifles - note the protection of ones life is not a reason..its specifically excluded in the legislation); double edged knives are now a prohibited import. [Note: sling shots are already banned so that leaves just spears, bows and stones to be legislated against and Australia will be projectile-weapon free]. A local member was asked if police would still be carrying guns now that The Problem was solved and he responded with..no, there's still dangerous criminals out there; without realising the irony of his statement. Hmmmmm.
This morning I read in the paper that my local city council is going to pass a regulation that will enable them to gas my cat (Lots of Pussy Haters here) if it eats a bird, 'strays' off my property, or generally has the nerve to make itself noticed. There is talk of banning 'protection' type dog breeds after an old women was killed recently, supposedly by a A police sgt told a WA poliscum that a stolen car incident he investigated 3 weeks ago could only have been done by criminals using information obtained from the internet (yeah thats how ALL the crims learn hotwiring). This was then reported to the WA parliament as factual.
Meanwhile our Foreign Minister (the same intellectual giant that recently spoke to the CEO of the US Reserve bank then spilled his guts to the press about the US Reserve Banks' intentions wrt interest rates - and awoke the next morning and found, much to his suprise, a bit of a market ruffle in full swing) today made a commitment to the UN that we would be taking steps with respect to multi-culturalism and native reconciliation, like some arse-licker at the international-cocktail party. Well at least it's now clear he is answerable to the UN for domestic policy.
Our PM (Little Johnny 'flaK jacket' Howard) made a statement recently that his election would usher in a new era of free speech, however, now that an independant member with apparantly substantial grass roots support suggests politically incorrect things like reducing immigration, cutting the 50 hours a week child care for unemployed stay at home single mothers and the billions spent on ineffective aboriginal bodies all of parliament wants her to shut up. She has received death threats from Vietnamise drug gangs for expressing these views but she should be OK now because firearms are illegal.
This week a recently retired Supreme Court Judge was named in parliament
was named in parliament (under parliamentary privelege) as receiving favoured treatment by a commission investigating child sex charges. Apparantly the shock was so severe that he was forced to commit suicide that very night after insisting his innocence. The government side called for her dismissal (seemingly not because he was named but because he chose to kill himself) and suggested limitations on parliamentary speech. The good judge must not have had enough faith in his own legal system to trust his reputation to it and face a court of law. Police are also under investigation on child sex charges by that same body.
Now you point out that if I say fuck here (Ooops thats illegal now) I can expect armed thugs kicking down my door to drag me back to WA for trial.
I guess anyone state side better cancel any plans to visit our little autocracy here now, especially John, after all the message is being bounced into WA from his computer and if the legislation is like the laughable bill that was attempted to be introduced into New South Wales earlier this year he'll be in big trouble (i know this will come as a frightening shock to I better go find myself a good throwing rock, I think I here the sound of jack-boots on my path.

@_date: 1996-11-06 19:17:09
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Mixmaster Test 
Sorry for the spam, folks ... just looking for a mixmaster that puts
the Subject: line into cypherpunk messages.
Editor in Chief, Cypherpunk Enquirer

@_date: 1996-11-07 20:47:21
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Yes the failure to forsee this did stand out a little in the discourse :).

@_date: 1996-11-08 19:21:11
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Source blocking Vulis is futile 
% telnet smail.based.host.edu smtp
250 Smail Ready ... ...
mail from: someone
rcpt to: remailer
Request-Remailing-To: cypherpunks
Insert your favorite message body (fart) here
250 Message Accepted
Connection closed by foreign host.

@_date: 1996-11-09 00:50:41
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Tim C. May has been beaten up numerous times by fellow prostitutes for driving blow job prices down.

@_date: 1996-11-13 18:52:08
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Foulmouthed Timothy May rehashes his lies like a rabid parrot
choking on a stale mantra stuck in its poisonous beak.

@_date: 1996-11-18 00:59:02
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
The report estimated no such thing..its an urban myth. Give me a citation for the statistic from the report.

@_date: 1996-12-03 10:59:19
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
You may lend your own money to whomever you wish.  If you do not wish
to lend money to somebody, that is your business.
It is difficult to understand why redlining should be illegal, to the
extent that it even occurs.  When it does occur, we expect that eager
entrepreneurs such as yourself will rush in to grab new customers.
As for the privacy issue, you seem to be proposing that you have some
sort of right to borrow money on terms which are not acceptable to the
lender.  You need not give your address just as you need not borrow
the money.
Of course, we hardly live in a free banking era.  Most people would
prefer to bank with a company that respects their privacy.  Yet, banks
are so tightly controlled in the United States that they most often
will not dare to protect the privacy of their customers for fear of
regulatory consequences.  When the service is provided, it cannot be
And, the banks are required to report all transactions over $10,000 or
give up all information if the attorney general tells them it involves
national security.
You are in the unpleasant position of appealing for protection from
the very people who have robbed you of your privacy.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-03 11:14:07
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timothy C[ocksucker] May, a product of anal birth, appeared with a coathanger through his

@_date: 1996-12-03 23:39:33
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Why not simply disagree with me?  You do not believe that people may
lend their very own money, earned honestly, to anybody they please.
If you are ashamed of that, change your mind.  If you are not ashamed,
proclaim it the world and justify it.
Current policy doesn't matter if we are discussing the wisdom or
justice of possible policies.
It isn't clear to me whether you are discussing policy options or
whether one should violate laws one does not like.  When an action is
illegal, it is still permissible to discuss its legalization.
Perhaps.  In any event, it is important to understand precisely the
mechanisms through which people are disenfranchised, if that is in
fact what has happened.  It is also important to understand the
ramifications of phrases like "no possible recourse".  To borrow
money?  It is safe to say that most poor people should be saving money
rather than borrowing it.
It seems likely that people draw lines around certain areas and decide
not to lend money there.  What is less clear is that this is
unreasonable.  There may be a few good credit risks in poor
neighborhoods.  But, it may just be too much trouble weeding through
the others to make it a paying business.
It may also be the case that people lending money are behaving
irrationally and drawing lines around neighborhoods for simple racial
reasons and for no others.  There is a word for this: opportunity.
Bank of America was built by a man who perceived and exploited one
such opportunity.  Italian shop keepers in California could not get
good banking services for, it turned out, irrational reasons.
People start businesses without their own capital all the time.  If
there really is such a great opportunity, go find some rich people.
Rich people, like other people, are always happy to hear about ways to
make more money.  They don't even have to put the money in for a long
time.  Once you've set up a package of mortgages, you can sell them
off on the CMO market which is liquid and, I believe, quite
colorblind.  The beauty of this scheme is that you can take your
profits right away and let other people take on the long term interest
rate risk, default risk, and management hassles.  This will make your
plan easier to sell to investors.
You might also look into the microlending market.  The idea is to lend
poor people small amounts of money (less than $10,000) to start
businesses and the like.  The default rates are claimed to be
surprisingly low.  I have my doubts, but it sounds as if you do not.
Good luck.
In principle, there is no reason at all why banks are the only
institutions that can lend money for mortgages.  There may be legal
impediments, but then we are back to the actual culprit, the
You might find that opening a bank was easier if all you had to do was
take deposits and lend money rather than wading through the morass of
legal requirements and paperwork.
You don't have to build an entirely new socio-economic structure.  You
just have to find some good credit risks, some people with money to
lend, and put them together taking a cut for yourself, unless the
government has thrown up some obstacles to this.
No, actually they do care, they just don't think (correctly) that they
can get it easily.
I have no idea if your local bank has "anonymous accounts".  More
probably, they have accounts for which they do not report transactions
in excess of $10,000, but which are held by people they know fairly
well.  This is more common than you might think, and not just for
laundering drug money.  Tax evasion is widely practiced.
But wouldn't the racist banks be hurting their business?  Doesn't the
punishment go quite closely with the "crime"?
If you believe that there is a huge opportunity which the racist banks
(i.e., all of them) will not take advantage of, you had better explain
why there is nobody anywhere with any capital who wouldn't want to
make even more money off poor people.  Can it really be the case that
99+% of rich people will run fleeing from such a great opportunity?
Oh, and speaking of racism, where do wealthy African-Americans invest
their money?
Banks have practiced discrimination, and not just against black
people.  They have been able to get away with it.  How?  Because the
government has protected the banking guild from competition.
If opening a bank were as easy as forming a corporation, you would not
see much discrimination, I assure you.  There is no reason why a bank
shouldn't be that easy to open.
Appeals to the very people who are exploiting you are not likely
to meet with success, are they?
Then it should be fairly easy to refute my points instead making
fatuous remarks such as the one above.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-04 12:28:50
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
You say it below.
See, right above there.
If I earned my very own money honestly and I choose to lend it only to
Albanians, you believe that this would be inefficient and, therefore,
forbidden.  In other words, you do not believe that I should be able
to lend money to anybody I please.  You can call it "equal access to
capital" or "denial of opportunity", but the clearest and simplest
description is that you believe I should not be able to lend my money
to whomever I please.  Instead of pretending otherwise, just say "I
believe you should not be able to lend your own money which you earned
honestly to anybody you please.  I believe you should be allowed only
to lend money in these circumstances..."
Of course, non-discrimination is a vague term.  Let's say I lend money
only to people I know.  I only know Albanians.  Am I therefore a
racist in my lending practices?  That is unclear.
Am I racist in my choice of friends?  Perhaps we should make that
What is irksome is that you are talking about Other People's Money and
not your own.  The perspective tends to change when it's your own
savings on the line.
Actually, I have trouble following your argument.  Please forgive me
for my limited intelligence.
If you are arguing that the current policy is just, that question is
not related to whether it is the current policy.  But, I suppose you
were just sort of observing on the side something like "oh, and by the
way, this is current policy."
I do not know what is in Title VII.  Perhaps it would be better to ask
me about particular policies.
In fact, I am open to the possibility that poor people really are
disenfranchised.  But, if I am to believe that I must hear an
explanation that makes sense to me.  If poor people are poor because
absolutely nobody will do business with them for completely irrational
reasons, that seems extremely unlikely.  Even if most rich people are
able to control their greed just to punish poor people of the wrong
race, which is already hard to believe, you actually have to claim
that they are all this way.
Just like anybody else does.  You watch every penny.  You don't eat
meat.  When you buy food, you buy inexpensive healthy food like
lentils instead of expensive unhealthy food like Coca-Cola and potato
chips.  You do not go to McDonald's.  You walk when you can instead of
taking the bus or you ride a (used) bicycle.  You don't smoke
cigarettes.  You do not buy alcohol.  You do not buy other
recreational drugs.  You buy your clothing used.  You economize on
your living arrangements, perhaps by having a large number of
roomates.  (Note that this is illegal in most cities.  That is a form
of disenfranchisment.)  You do not make long distance calls.  If you
can, you share a phone with other people. etc. etc. etc.
If you know poor people, you will know that few of them do these
Also, you work hard to increase your earnings.  You show up at work on
time every time.  You develop a good work ethic.  You wear clean
professional clothing at work.  You treat your employer and coworkers
with respect.  etc. etc. etc.
Read "Your Money or Your Life" by Joe Dominguez and Vicki Robin.  It
outlines a workable program that all poor people - and quite a few
others - will be able to use to their benefit.
If you are going through prospective leads and the number of qualified
people is, say, 10 in 1000, you will make a lot more money than going
through a pool of leads that only has 1 qualified person per 1000.
But why isn't that good news?  If it's really market inefficiency, why
not exploit it?
A lot of human activity is irrational.
In the case of racism, it is difficult to even define what it is for
the purpose of writing a law under which people are to be prosecuted.
This undermines the rule of law in the United States and opens the way
to abuse and political corruption.  Probably that was the idea.
But, even if it were possible to define precisely what racism is, I
would still believe it should be legal.  There is no accounting for
taste and it is wrong to dictate it to other people when they are
causing no harm to others.
Not one?  Absolutely no one?  That's pretty hard to believe.
Maybe there's something funny about the deal.
More to the point, why isn't Matthew J. Miszewski drooling in
anticipation of all the money he is going to make by recognizing this
glorious opportunity?  Giannini made a tremendous amount of money.
Even if you don't care about money, which is unlikely, think of all
the good you could do once you made that fortune!
Hmmm?  Maybe it was lousy investment in spite of a good ROI number.
Nobody?  Not one person was willing to buy in?  Hardly an endorsement.
I'm hearing that cash register ringing.  Go for it!
Guess rents must be low too, otherwise why live there?  Rents are a
dominant expense for poor people.
That's easy.  Once a month get ten families together to go to the
nearest warehouse store in the suburbs and stock up on provisions.
Or, one poor family could buy a bunch of stuff every month and sell it
out of their house and save everybody the trip.
Discussions regarding "the cycle of poverty" are usually little more
than litanies of excuses.
Gee, you would almost think there was something wrong with the
I challenge you to put your own money into this venture.  You don't
even have to quit your job to get into the microlending business until
you've built it up to the point where it can support you.
What I don't understand is why you are not excited by this
opportunity.  You claim there is this gaping hole in the banking
business.  If that is true, whoever exploits it is going to be
unbelievably rich in addition to being a great human being.
My point is not that there is a great opportunity so "somebody
somewhere" will solve the racism problem.  My point is that you
yourself do not believe there is a great opportunity if it involves
money you really care about, i.e. your own.
Don't get your hopes up.  I've been poor and I've known many poor
people.  The unpleasant truth is that there are usually reasons why
people are poor.
You are claiming that there are ZERO investors who will invest in this
great opportunity because they are racists.  Contrary to popular
belief, most African-Americans are not poor or even gang members.
There are large numbers of middle class African-Americans and a
smaller number of quite successful African-American businesspeople.
If everybody rich is a racist, go to these people and propose that
they can make money pursuing a business opportunity which they are
uniquely qualified to identify and exploit.
If you are claiming that even African-American investors are
irrationally racist about lending to poor people, you should be
forewarned that I and many other people are going to find that a
little hard to believe.
Wrong.  Redlining is devilishly difficult to define.  That hurts a
small bank more than any other because they have to figure out how to
comply with the law and defend themselves against the regulators
instead of just borrowing and lending money.  It raises the costs of
banking.  That means it is harder for people to borrow and lend money.
And that, if you care about efficiency, is inefficient.
I hate to admit it, but you do have a point here.
However, the way privacy will be permanently eroded is through laws
called "The Privacy Protection Act" which have clauses allowing the
government to do whatever it wants.  It is disconcerting to have the
government dictating what information you may or may not keep on your
computer or who you may give it to.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:28:34
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
You make an excellent point.  Didn't Denning claim that they just
reviewed NSA's evaluation process?  Regardless, the claim that
SKIPJACK is therefore trustworthy is irresponsible.
Sir Galahad

@_date: 1996-12-09 17:59:39
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM blathered:
Kook, must you post all the private mail you dislike to the list, while at the same time whining and bitching about the crypto-relevance of anyone and everyone else. Many folks you critique do post off topic shit from time to time, but nowhere near the percentage (much less the volume) that you do. I can't killfile your ass from this machine, but I've decided to provide a cypherpunks public service to those who can. It will be low-volume. I am going to anonymously repost everything you post that is actually crypto-relevant. It will be REALLY low volume. Now, quit posting shit about "Timmy" anonymously, with your stupid ascii drawings, and start taking your medications so you'll behave nice at the get together, where I'll see you and try not to vomit.

@_date: 1996-12-11 21:33:48
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hey you asked!
Ahh come on Dale. Lay one one us! Are you now writing
"utilities" in portable batch files? I'd love to see one. Or are you a bare metal guy typing in hex codes in debug?
btw, how do you like Win95? Too user-friendly for you?
X-Mailer: Mozilla 2.01E-GTE  (Win95; U)
But hey! Real men don't boot gui. Right?

@_date: 1996-12-15 21:29:52
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Dale, perhaps it's time for you to seek out a new career.
Check that LA "Not a real paper" Times for things like "car wash assistant needed" and good luck.

@_date: 1996-12-26 23:47:19
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Skipjack cipher deciphered 
Provided without proof:
Skipjack is an elliptic curve cipher.

@_date: 1996-12-30 15:10:53
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
While Tim May has had many many great ideas, this is not one of them.
To paraphrase Joseph Stalin: Tim, how many divisions do you have?
The cypherpunks have virtually no force at all.  If the battle is
moved to that arena, the cypherpunks (and everybody else) lose big
time.  If the cypherpunks manage to pull off some sort of "extreme
step", those who aren't shot while resisting arrest will go to prison.
Worst of all, most people will applaud the action.  "Extreme steps"
legitimize the radical proposals of the Clipper crowd.
While I wouldn't go so far as to say "I feel your pain", I am
sympathetic with the frustration you must feel when your own
government is the greatest threat to all that it is right and decent.
But, "extreme steps" are the wrong approach and play right into the
hands of the defense establishment.  It saves them the trouble of
implementing a "strategy of tension."
The right approach is to continually reiterate that the cypherpunks
are mainstream and fairly conservative.  Many of us like the "bad boy"
image, but most of what has been proposed is very solidly rooted in
American traditions.
If the ITAR regulations can be amended to make discussions on this
list a "conspiracy", then they are very likely unconstitutional.
Article I, Section I, "All legislative powers herein granted shall be
vested in a congress of the United States..."
Pretty unambiguous.
We should not underestimate the broad public support for private
communications which exists in the United States.  Even people who are
unfamiliar with the issue are shocked when they learn that the U.S.
government is trying to gain access to all communications.
The only people who want GAK are in the government.  There is no
constituency in the population which wants it, and quite a few that do
not.  The more publicly the issue is discussed and the more actively
we scrutinize the lies and deceptions of the U.S. government, the
more successful we will be.
The GAK crowd have not been honest or forthright in their public
statements on their plans.  We must reiterate this again and again and
again.  If they cannot be honest about their proposed policy, how can
we trust them to hold the keys?  Obviously, we cannot.  This will be
obvious to most Americans, and even some reporters.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-30 18:06:03
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: None 
At 1:41 AM 12/25/1996, Anonymous wrote that Noam Chomsky said:
Can anybody explain in what way Chomsky is an anarchist or a
libertarian?  Opposition to some government schemes but not others
makes a Republican or a Democrat, not an anarchist or libertarian.
Chomsky is a smart man.  What's he up to?
Sir Galahad

@_date: 1996-12-30 18:24:52
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Parents who send their children to government operated schools
should read this:

@_date: 1996-12-30 19:43:38
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
Some peckerhead soiled my mailbox with:
Thank you for playing, Mr. Grubor. Please pick up your consolation prize at
the door marked "Out." And stop passing Dimbulb the mailing list messages --
you know it makes the tumors in his head kick in.
Maybe he has you filtered, as the rest of us will now.
(I'd prob'ly buy him the hollowpoints, btw.)

@_date: 1996-12-31 03:59:45
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Constitutionality of new regs. 
provision to make export licenses easier to obtain for those
companies which show a credible business plan that supports GAK.
decision to people who support the government's political agenda.
`National Security', isn't the harm to the `National Security' the same
regardless of whether the exporter plans to produce GAK products in the future
or not?
considered as being `arbitrary' and hence unconstitutional.
the government a business plan that supports GAK, but then do not
follow your business plan, how will the goverment `get' you?

@_date: 1996-12-31 07:53:09
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Criminal, criminal, who's the criminal...
WSJ, December 30, 1996:  Obscure Treasury Unit Helps DEA Uncover Scheme
woman in St. Louis who wanted to pay Federal Express $38 to ship a package
supposedly containing a $2 paperback book to Los Angeles. The company called the local Drug Enforcement Administration office.
   [Thanks, FedEx assholes!]
Ralph Moore, a DEA agent, got a search warrant,    [Seems like pretty flimsy grounds for a warrant to me.]
opened the package and found $10,000 in cash.    [So?]
He checked his records: The woman was on welfare. He searched her house and found a new car, $25,000 stuffed into a coat pocket and papers showing the woman owned seven buildings.
"Follow the money" is supposedly an axiom for federal investigators, but in
November 1994 Mr. Moore was discovering how tough that is to do in drug cases
where suspects are rich and financially savvy. So who was Mr. Moore going to
call? He noticed a DEA memo about an obscure unit of the Treasury Department,
the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network.
   [Dum-da-dum!]  The St. Louis case became a prime example of how Fincen, the nation's smallest intelligence agency, brings the latest in high-tech firepower to the never-ending battle against money-laundering schemes. The agency, created in April 1990, uses a staff of 200 analysts and agents to offer state-
of-the-art computer tracking and analysis to state and federal agents and prosecutors, giving them more time to work the cases from the street.
The DEA's Mr. Moore desperately needed the help. The woman who had mailed the package had a boyfriend who made $20,000 a year working for an electric company. The agent found he had more than 30 different accounts in one bank. Bank records showed hundreds of thousands of dollars flowing through them
in patterns that never repeated themselves.
Enter James Petrakis, a graying, 47-year-old Fincen investigator, who flew out from Washington. Mr. Petrakis designed a computer program for the case that could follow the money as it flowed through companies -- some phony, some real -- and through people who transferred ownership of some 30 pieces of local real estate that seemed to be involved.
There were gaps in the digital portrait that emerged, but the general outlines were stunning: Mr. Moore had uncovered a family-run drug-
distribution business that appeared to have stashed between $5 million and $7 million in various investments and purchases in St. Louis banks.
Because the business also trafficked in guns, the Treasury Department's Bureau of Alcohol, Tax and Firearms was working on the case, too. Robert Nosbisch, the top bureau agent, agreed that tracking the money was going to be key. "The objective in a case like this is to get anyone who has a significant role into jail and take all of their assets," he says.
                               ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   [What do you do when the highwaymen wear badges?]
Mr. Moore's chief suspect, a short, hot-tempered man named William Y. Jones, "was too good," he recalls. Mr. Jones had a way of anticipating the federal agent's moves. "It was almost like a chess game. As I would move a piece, he would move a piece," the agent adds.
There were other odd things. Although Mr. Jones was 43 (in 1995), his credit records and other personal history only went back to 1985. Before that, he had no records. Mr. Jones's biggest drug moves usually happened on government holidays, when the DEA and ATF staffs were slim. Mr. Moore had a theory: Mr. Jones was probably a federal informant, a man who had worked with federal agents in drug cases before.
   [More like a graduate of the Federal Witness Protection Program, I'd say.
    Seems odd that they want to ID us down to the last gnat's eyebrow while
    making up IDs for their buddies.]
  "We needed to become unorthodox," Mr. Moore recalls. When wiretaps led them to a $1 million stash of Mr. Jones's cocaine in a car, they seized the drugs and the car, too. Later they heard Mr. Jones say on his tapped cellular phone that federal agents didn't steal cars. One of his drug partners, Mr. Jones concluded, must have double-crossed him.
   [So now they'll just steal stuff from you and not even notify you that
    it has been confiscated.  Amazing!]

@_date: 1997-01-01 22:53:56
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
primarily using the mechanism of subscribing the cypherpunks
list to other mailing lists. Now, everybody is off designing
methods to limit postings to the list.
by the the current US government administration to get bills passed
that would curtail even more rights of its citizens in the wake of
the TWA flight 800 crash.

@_date: 1997-01-02 12:23:45
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Re: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
How long before the United Police States of America bans the export
of medicines and medical technology because it can be a defense against
biological warfare?

@_date: 1997-01-05 01:58:38
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timothy C[retin] May was born when his mother was on the toilet.
  ____
  \ _/__ Timothy C[retin] May
   \\  /
     \/

@_date: 1997-01-06 17:08:15
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Tim C. May's aberrant sexual life has negatively impacted his mental integrity.
       o)__
      (_  _`\ Tim C. May
       z/z\__)

@_date: 1997-01-07 20:43:20
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: Re: Moderation 
Tim C. May's sexual life is not the business of the cypherpunks mailing list.
       o)__
      (_  _`\ Tim C. May
       z/z\__)

@_date: 1997-01-08 14:16:30
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Timmy May's aberrant sexual life has negatively impacted his mental             ///
           (0 0)
    ____ooO_(_)_Ooo__ Timmy May

@_date: 1997-01-09 11:06:49
@_author: Bovine Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
A warning label ought to be tattooed on Tim C. May's head, saying `Warning: shit content under pressure'.
          o-:^>___? Tim C. May
          `~~c--^c'
