
@_date: 1997-07-04 06:46:04
@_author: U.S. 
@_subject: Re: Jeff's Side of the Story. 
Jeff wrote at some unknown date and time:
I'm not sure this is true, Jeff. As we saw with the CDA, what the
legislature and executives may do under the gun of popular opinion
and funding pressure is not always constitutional. There are
precedents for anonymity, from the time when the Federalist Papers
were published anonymously to now. If you like examine Talley v.
California and McIntyre v. Ohio Campaign Commission, both cases
in which the Supreme Court of the United States upheld the right
to anonymity. As you may know an injunction was issued against the
Georgia (U.S.) State against their anti-anonymity law.
I neglected to post the URL's in the newsgroups: is in any immediate jeopardy, though fire-consumed politicians may
push bill after bill into the courts to push personal culpability
for transmission of information. Eventually, with enough case precedent
blocking them every time, legislature will learn that it is futile
to pass an anti-anonymity law, regardless of whether the individual
legislators think it is right or wrong.
The real danger is what you encountered---self styled vigilante
enforcers of narrow-minded selfish pride---people who just can't
stand to be told that they're losers, whether they are or not.
Public defamation using anonymity is an interesting issue, and
one I'm not prepared to take a stand on. Does anyone have commentary?
Mark Hedges
"First you learn you can only know nothing,
 then you learn that everything is just a good idea."

@_date: 1998-02-11 20:05:19
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: www.lanl.gov 
I hope you'll endure a product endorsement.. use Anonymizer Surfing
when trolling for "sensitive" information on web sites you don't trust.
Stops Java, Javascript, and cookies, hides your IP address, etc.
Free trial available with delay; $5 per month in quarters eliminates
the free trial delay. Yes, it's still sometimes slower, because the
traffic travels further, but now it's sitting on a pretty reliable
ATM network with decent connectivity.
Mark Hedges
Anonymizer, Inc.

@_date: 1998-05-21 15:20:50
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: programing 
PERL is horrendously less efficient, but easy to code for grunt work like
data processing and administrative scripts. PERL is THE BOMB for CGI web
programming, and combined with a nice free database with like mySQL, you
can produce some really amazing applications. I'd guess quite a few on the
list use PERL... I do, almost exclusively, but I'm making services and
doing sysadmin and not producing platform-specific applications. Then, C is
the most likely language used. Probably lots of people have their own
favorite languages. The O'Reilly and Associates 'Nutshell' books are widely
accepted as good reference manuals and tutorials in many lanugages. Certain
languages work better for certain applications. Check a technical bookstore.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1998-06-08 14:56:39
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: Campaign Against Global War on Drugs 
And Marijuana remains California's number one cash crop as long as it is
illegal... documented way back when by Dukmejian's (sp) agriculture
secretary, whom he fired after the report. The cops cite you, confiscate it
and smoke it, and everyone's happy because they're all making $480 per
ounce from the end consumer on this crazy gene-engineered greenbud
designed, catalogued, and bred by the University of California biology
departments (esp. Santa Cruz). If it were legal, tobacco shops would stock
joints for a tenth the price... they need new markets with the stricter
tobacco legislation; maybe there's a lobby. I watched Dennis Peron battle
it out with some meat-fisted guy from the Sherrifs' orgs in Congress. The
cop went on about how
"if we decriminalize marijuana, marijuana would no longer be illegal"
and attempted to justify its classification with crack, methamphetamines
and heroin. He and Peron were two extremes. Peron, who drove the medical
marijuana bill and is also gay, runs under the republican ticket. So, I
voted for him in the open primary to screw up their statist ics. I had fun
with that open primary.

@_date: 1998-08-19 18:05:38
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: Pipe 
Sorry, you'll need to submit your request in writing to:
Cypherpunks Bomb-Making Guide
601 4th St. NW
Washington, D.C. 20001
We will tell you all you need to know and send you a 10 page booklet
on how to make pipe bombs. Make sure you include your address.
Mark Hedges

@_date: 1998-08-23 11:36:23
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: Pipe 
Eww, garlic in a sweetbread? I would say zucchini or carrots. *grin*

@_date: 1998-09-08 10:32:37
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: crossposting 
Ya know, I sometimes cross-post across lists when I shouldn't, so I'm
guilty of that too, but now that I'm on so many of these lists, I really
see the reasons behind one of the biggest complaints. I'm getting about 4
copies of each of the messages in the Vince Cate thread.

@_date: 1998-11-10 15:36:49
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: RE: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
But what a fab marketing campaign, the nuclear-hardened bozz-bangle
mind-fuzzer, for those people who don't understand. But it keeps them
listening, in addition to being extremely informative for them which do.
How'd'ya make a nuclear-hardened circuit, Tim?
