
@_date: 1998-09-18 11:48:19
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: RE: Democracy... (fwd) 
Jim Choate answered:
Mr. Gering, you may have heard the argument that there is also no reason to
believe that you exist, except your sense impressions which can be proven
to be unreliable and easily falsified. The old 'disembodied nervous system
floating in a tank getting poked by graduate students' premise could
explain your entire range of perceptions of your childhood, schooling,
adolescence, growing up, eating pizza at the office, etc.
I wondered for a while, and then I threw it in the waste bin, because it's
pointless and a waste of energy to wonder whether or not I exist. I decided
to trust my sense impressions well enough to go to the movies and jog in
the mornings and go to work and write code.
I certainly do not stop living because there is no reason to believe that I
There is also no reason for me to believe that you exist, because you could
be Toto forging the mail. You didn't sign your message, I don't have your
key fingerprint, I doubt I ever will, and besides, maybe someone monitored
your keystrokes and stole your key.
And in my experience, certain 'sense impressions' lead me to conclude that
the existence of 'god' as some sort of cohesive, coherent, universal-scale
eternal being is perhaps possible. Looking at cloud formations on the
plane, I sometimes feel like an astrocyte wandering a huge purkinje
skyscape, or like a star careening through a nebula. And the erosion
patterns on the mountains below look just like dribbling water on
sandcastles. And so there is something, some kind of underlying order, the
effects of which we see at every scale.
Though I'm incapable of understanding the transcendent order, or of
conceiving what the transcendent order might be, I do not block the
possibility from my mind. And that leads to some interesting experiences.
No, I don't follow the often arbitrary rhetoric of many organised
religions, and in that point I agree with your opinion of the concept.
Although, some of them espouse some interesting ideas.
To wander back to the thread topic, democracy, and to totally wrench
everything out of context, I've heard the same sort of argument used
against democratic empowerment. There's no reason to believe that 'the
people' are capable of making their own decisions, and there's no reason to
believe that stronger, more direct democracy would work as an effective
system of governance and organisational decision-making. 'The people' are
demonstrably idiotic, moronic fools, sheep, who must be lead by 'those in
the know'. By that logic, it follows we should concentrate all power into
the hands of a few beneficent rulers, or an educated aristocracy, or
perhaps just one -- the philosopher king.
I nominate myself. Any objections?
Please e-mail for address to send offerings and libations to me, the ruler
of the universe. Donations accepted in the form of gifts of $100 or more.
Gold and precious stones preferred. Multitudinous blessings to you, free of
Mark Hedges
  Mark Hedges   hedges

@_date: 1998-09-18 17:59:04
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: BAN DOGS.. 
Some months ago, the cops in Washington D.C. swept through the housing
projects, rounded up, and executed a large number of 'illegal dogs' (pit
bulls?). There was a tiny paragraph in USA Today about it. -hedges-
  Mark Hedges   hedges

@_date: 1998-09-24 14:03:41
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Greenspan Farts, Market Tumbles 
Greenspan Farts, Market Tumbles
  NEW YORK (AP) -- American stock markets nose-dived today immediately
  after a press conference at the Federal Reserve Bank, when Alan
  Greenspan, Fed Chairman, passed gas in an audible expulsion of
  flatulence. Investors, spooked by the ominous noise, panicked.
  The Dow Jones industrial average lost 364 points in 20 minutes.
  Luckily for investors, the Fed Chief then uttered vague,
  ambiguous statements which could be interpreted as hints of an
  upcoming rate cut by the masses of illiterate investors. The
  market soared up more than 450 points, restoring confidence in a
  bullish market even in the face of the sensational Asian crisis.
  A key banking player from Merrill Lynch & Co., speaking on
  condition of anonymity, said, "That really stank. Greenspan must
  have eaten beans for breakfast." Other bankers at the press
  conference expressed similar misgivings about Greenspan breaking
  wind. "It sincerely disturbs me that this man's accidental
  passing of gas affects market performance in such a substantive
  way," said another banker. "Doesn't anyone believe that market
  behavior depends on more than this single man's intestinal fortitude?"
  Representatives at the Federal Reserve issued only a single
  statement, saying "Greenspan is in good spirits, and seems to be
  amused that majorities of investors give his flatulance this
  power. He is in good health, and his intestinal disturbance
  passed." The Dow index gained 90 points within 2 minutes of the
  release of the Fed statement.
  George Soros, billionaire hedge fund manager and global money
  market speculator, said regarding Greenspan's noxious vapors,
  "I don't give a damn what Alan ate for breakfast. This entire
  spectacle is ridiculous. If you or I farted, as everyone does,
  probably no one would notice. But for some insane, perhaps inane
  reason, nearly every American and many foreign investors dote on
  Greenspan's every comment and action, interpreting them as signs
  of apocalypse or a wealthy paradise, depending on their mood."
  In this exclusive report, a senior Fed official, speaking on
  condition of anonymity, said, "Perhaps I'm the only one in the
  world who sees rate cuts as a psychological panacea. A truly
  stable, substantive economy takes more than a slightly lower
  interest rate in an already flawed system of debt mechanics.
  We need to restructure the economy on solid grounds with long-
  term growth goals. The economy must not be structured only to
  increase the short-term profits of investors who are only
  interested in the bottom-line monetary numbers, but who do not
  care about the real effects their money has in our world."
  Fed officials declined further comment on the incident. Some
  financial analysts believe Greenspan's foul air is a clear
  sign the Fed will decide to cut interest rates at next week's
  strategy meeting.
  Mark Hedges      hedges        "One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard
  a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish
  a dictatorship."  O'Brien from 1984, George Orwell

@_date: 1998-10-23 06:27:48
@_author: Mark Hedges 
@_subject: Re: Censored news topic censored ... 
It sounds like even the enlightened folks at NPR don't have the guts
to stand up and say something about issues as critical as expanded
FBI powers over citizens and the sneaky tricks used to pass those laws.
It's not really a big surprise, though.  Monica Lewinsky's blowjobs
take precedence over incredulous claims like 'NSA SPIES ON EVERYONE'
and 'FBI MONITORS YOU WITHOUT WARRANTS'.
They will have to live with their own lack of character. So will we.
Mark Hedges
  Mark Hedges      hedges        "One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard
  a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish
  a dictatorship."  O'Brien from 1984, George Orwell
