
@_date: 1997-10-10 18:00:46
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
Plus - A table can be based on a previously agreed upon one-time pad,
  such as the old-school spook classic, first three words, second
  column, page 3, New York Times. PlusPlus - On the InformEnergy Highway, this method can be further   obscured by use of data on an obscure website, text or source,   binary or hex, etc.
The point being, that one can use complex or obscure methodologies
to obtain the one-time pad table of the day, which can be simple enough to calculate on-the-fly in one's head.
there Are Some Similar metHOds peopLe can useE
which can even be used by children, such as myself.
Kill Flags - When WE' RElying on FeatUres of suCh Kinds, Everyone
  shoulD be using prearranged kill flags to signal danger.
Keep in mind that I may just be telling you these things because
I am a cop and trying to gain your confidence.
OTOH, how many cops have a:
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-10-21 10:51:39
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: A Math problem related to cryptography 
I have another problem related to cryptography:
 "What is the capital of Nova Scotia?"
(I need to know by 10 p.m., cause that's when I have to go to bed)
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-10-27 17:25:09
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: Mmphmmphmmmph! (WAS Re: I Broke PGP!!!) 
No he isn't. I am!
{Him and Bianca are ! so I am using his  computer.}
I am going to see if I can un-revoke the key, too. But if I can,
then I will re-revoke it. {I just want to see if I can do it.}
  Nope. You're wrong!
TruthMangler (hee, hee...)
p.s. - I know who you are, too, Mr. Anonymous person who works for
my uncle's internet provider. Am I right?

@_date: 1997-10-28 06:52:19
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: prova 
Anon-To: danbaldi
daniele has trouble reading the remailer instructions because
she has to peek around the huge horse cock she has in her

@_date: 1997-11-04 13:11:29
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT (fwd) 
My uncle wrote, anonymously:
"I blamed it on the dog, and all I got was this T-shirt and a spanking!"
Human Gus-Peter

@_date: 1997-11-04 14:55:12
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Re: Jodi Hoffman:  Homophobe!!!!!!!! 
At the risk of sounding like a Bible-basher, I have to admit that
I used to regard an inordinate number of Christians as ignorant,
until I found out that many of them are quite simply being very
deceptive about their nonsensical, party-platform claims.
To tell the truth, I respected them more when I thought they
were just ignorant.
Most of the prosetylizing that I have been subjected to consists of
vague, unsubtantiated claims, followed by prophetic pronouncements
of 'the way things are', backed up by quoting the same prophetic
pronouncements to 'prove' this or that point.
Let me state that I think there are a great many 'good' Christians
in the world. i.e. - the ones that leave me the fuck alone!

@_date: 1997-12-15 00:07:38
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Jim Bell Revisited 
Half-Baked knows that, but with his bowling-mentality, he thinks
he has a better chance of throwing a strike if he puts a little spin
on his balls, while twisting Jim's.
  Was that FELONY 'Making a bad smell'? I farted in an IRS office once
(on purpose). Am I a Jim Bell co-conspirator?   Are my armpits considered a felony or a misdemeanor?
  The government misuses my Social Security Number to steal my money.
Where do I press charges? Can I place airline employees under citizen's
arrest when they demand it?
  Winter winds blow both ways.
  The government's armed assault on Ma and Pa Bell's residence took place
within hours of an email being sent to him containing a rough draft of
a chapter of an InterNet published manuscript describing and lauding
Bell's AP system.
  It is interesting to note that the emails from treasury.gov constituted
the same type of 'threat' that Bell was roundly accused of by government
officials and the press.
  The winter wind blows both ways.
  It is also easy to reach the conclusion that the AP-BOT results sent to
the Oregonian and to the officials involved (via their internal email
systems) played a hand in the judges 'vacation' before Bell's delayed
sentencing. (Or that petty government officials involved in Bell's case
were not impressed with the fact that they were becoming the source of
valuable digital prizes in the AP-BOT community, without receiving the
same protection as those who were behind the criminal malefeasance
directed at Bell.)
  Bell's persecution was straight out of the spook's political torture-
indoctrination handbook. The only difference is that many aspects of the
turning of Bell's thumbscrews were made public (just before tax-time,
surprise, surprise).
  That was half of the purpose of his persecution. "We the people" were the
other half of the sacrificial lamb targeted for cold-storage.
  The corollary to this is that we are moving closer to a country where
we will need to take up arms in both meatspace and cyberspace if we wish
to defend our basic human rights.
(Former NRA members are unlikely to take any more consolation from the
 government's expressed desire to only want to ban 'strong' crypto, than
 they were from the government's incremental announcements that they only
 want to ban criminal/assault/dangerous-looking/kind-of-scary/citizen's
 guns.)
  Rage Against The Machine
  Lock And Load
  Lock And Loll
Human Gus-Peter-San

@_date: 1997-12-15 02:44:02
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: Tell the fans, not the players 
Jam Choke, ravaging the Young and wringing the Bell, wroted:
Spin-doctor alert.
  No need to announce yourself, Jim. Your name is in the From: header.
Jim Bell plea bargained period. Had he had one iota of the 'guts' you so
blithely banter about the case would be going to trial.
Plea-bargaining = capitulation = self-censorship
  Spoken like a free man...
  I've sat at a lot of border crossings 'psychically willing' my sweat
back into the pores of my body. I've been pulled over by the Men in
Black on dark roads late at night, within sight of the towers where the Iron Curtain is personified in a chambered round which serves as
a local currency price-tag on free speech. I've sat in courtrooms in
which justice was an unwanted intruder and mere mention of it caused
the dogs of war to growl and bare their teeth. (e.g. 'Bell' County,
Texas) I've waited for interminable hours while interrogators were
being brought in from distant places to shake me up, down and sideways
to find a small vulnerable spot that could be ripped open with the
one-sided sword of dark authority.
  I know the tune Bell's persecutors were playing. It is a dark and
scary tune most effective when played to an audience of one.
  Anyone who thinks that Jim was imprisoned in America is a fool. Jim
was in a Gulag, in Auschwitz, in a sweat box in a distant jungle.
  Bell was the target of an insidious physical, mental and emotional
attack threatening the most deep-seated human impetus of all--survival.
The methods used against Bell are the same methods used by despotic
regimes throughout history and by the mind-benders who serve them.
  I've been the target of wanna-be local Nazis and I've been the target
of the real McCoys. The hands pulling the strings in Jim's case were
not amateur. They were the same hands that have massaged the minds of
prisoners of war, defectors, political prisoners and compromised spooks.
  Anyone who believes that Jim received his right to legal counsel is
likewise a fool. The difference between Bell's attorney and McVeigh's
attorney is that established heavyweights get paid $15 million to
sleepwalk their client to a conviction. The lightweights get paid with
future political favors.
  Bell was unconstitutionally imprisoned, drugged, and subjected to
sensory deprivation torture as punishment for exercising his right to think and speak freely. Anyone who attempts to justify this with
weak claims that Bell was 'asking for it' is also justifying McVeigh's
counter-attack on the Waco murderers, who, for those of you who are
paying attention, are continuing to 'ask for it.'
  The Sympatico AP-BOT received bets on the times of demise of even
some of the lowliest government paperwork shufflers involved in Jim's
case. The Netcom AP-Bot received belated bets on the times of demise
of *all* of the government casualties in the OKC offensive. (Definitely
a political statement...)
  Jim's political statement *has* made a difference in the implementation
of, and experimentatin with, AP-BOTs. His persecution has made those steps
both real and meaningful for the participants. There is currently an
AP-BOT accessible from an Eternity Server which is serving as a test
of the ability of underground InterNet activity to become widespread and
remain covert and untouchable in its operation. (For each unit bet on
the choice of the individual, it is *required* to generate an extra unit
which is automatically used to bet on the demise of the Big Guy. This
requirement is designed to take the exercise beyond the realm of being
merely a 'fun game.')
  Anyone who easily dismisses Jim Bell as a 'loon' is probably not in great danger of dropping their dime.
  Wavy Gravy is a loon. The Smothers Brothers were loons. Lenny Bruce,
Cheech and Chong, Timothy Leary, Babba Ram Das, Ginsberg, Kerouac,
Guerva, Patton... They were all capble, to a different extent, of knowing when it was safe to relax their anus, and when it was unwise
to do so.
  When the government puts your ass in a vice and makes keeping your
cheeks tight a condition of loosening it, the decision to spit or sing,
or merely to remain passive, is an individual decision. It does not
increase my respect for anyone if they choose to use someone else's
trials and tribulations as a stick to beat their own tough-guy drum.
  Just as there are no athiests in foxholes, there are no tough guys
in Gulags. There are only survivors...and not all who leave alive are
  Plain and simple: Jim Bell is a political pri$oner of the men, women
and children who steal your money at gunpoint.
  Jim Bell's human and civil rights were violated more over vague public
speech involving those who control the money spigot than were those of
Terry McNichols over the violent deaths of over a hundred citizens.
  God help us all if anyone ever bombs the Treasury.

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:29:06
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: InfoWar  666 / (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Pedagogue 666 Pet A Dog 999
Nobody Calls From CyberPromo Just To Say Hello 6OVERNMENT, 6ATES & 6OMEZ
Bianca sat silently, trying to compose herself before facing the
children and bringing them up to date on the quickly changing
situation surrounding an educational process which had been, up
to now, mostly an exciting exercise in technological mystery and
Despite her inability to cover up the full depth of her current
despair, the point became moot when she entered the room to find
the girls all suppressing giggles, and the lone boy in the group
sitting with his arms folded across his chest and grinning madly.
Bianca turned her back for a moment, to suppress a genuine smile,
and then turned once again to face the children, feigning an unsuspecting
"Can anyone tell me who Attila the Hun was?"
Bianca asked, knowing that Human Gus-Peter might well wet his
pants resisting his urge to raise his hand in order to get the
opportunity to brag once again about one of his historic heroes.
All of the girls raised their hands, giggling all the more over
the Nephew's predicament.
"Yes?" Bianca nodded toward Totokyo Rose.
"Attila the Hun was the greatest MeatSpace Warrior who
ever lived." Rose shouted, leaping to her feet and mimicking
the ferocious grimace that the Nephew usually affected when speaking
reverently about his favorite historical hero.
Human Gus-Peter nodded thankfully to young Rose, who blushed at
the realization that she had instinctively acted as a compatriot
and co-conspirator to the secret admirer who loved to tease her
so mercilessly (and vice-versa).
Bianca thanked Rose as she sat down, and then began pacing back
and forth slowly in front of the children. She gave a discrete
wink to Rose as she strolled, alerting her that the next question
would give her an opportunity to redeem herself as the Nephew's
chief adversary among the young ladies who vied to torture him
relentlessly for the sins of his forefathers, who had held their
mothers in such low esteem in the fields of math and science.
"And who is Attila T. Hun?"
Bianca asked, referring to the boy's chief hero and mentor in
the arena of CypherSpace Killosophy.
The Nephew was bouncing up and down in his excitement, but he
managed to keep his arms tightly folded across his chest, guarding
the secret that he shared with the still giggling young girls.
He smiled at Totokyo Rose as she raised her hand once again.
"Yes, Rose." Bianca smiled.
"Attila T. Hun is a CypherPunk who was exposed as a wannabe
when Hallam-Baker revealed to the list that he was a sixteen year-old
kid with an overactive imagination." Rose beamed.
"Not! Not!!!" Human Gus-Peter leapt to his feet
to defend his idol, dropping his arms and revealing the message
that the youngsters had been busy stenciling on his T-shirt while
Bianca had been engaged in deciphering her latest email messages.
Bianca laughed as hard as the girls as the Nephew's impulsive
reaction to Rose's teasing led to the revelation of the message
newly emblazoned on his chest.
"I GAK'ed my uncle's Secret Keys, and all I
got was this lousy T-shirt."
Bianca chuckled inwardly, as she outwardly frowned and shook her
head sadly.
"I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn you over to the
Tickle Gestapo." she said, breaking into a laugh as the
Nephew's eyes grew wide in alarm and he bolted for the door with
a gaggle of giggling girls close on his heels.
She sighed with relief as the Battle Royal began in the snow outside,
knowing that she would now have a bit of time to prepare for what
she had to say to the children. As yet, however, she was not sure
just what to say.
Bianca went over the morning's events in her mind.
Of all the mornings to sleep in... Damn!
The children had already been deeply engrossed in various computer
exercises by the time she had shaken off the deep slumber of the
previous night. It was sleep she desperately needed, but it had
come at exactly the wrong time. She had woken up to find an urgent
email message that had apparently arrived just as she was drifting
off into never-never-land.
BCC: Dave Null Dear Melissa's Great-Great-Grandmother,
  "David Jansen's dead, it's up to me to carry on."
~ The Last Canadian Outlaw
  "he's gone, man. he's gone..."
~ Jerry T. Garcia
  "If you don't leave me alone, I'll find someone who
~ T. Gosney Thorton
"For if those who are of the law are heirs, faith is made
void and the promise made of no effect."
~ Ultramontane 4:14
   God
"Who gives life to the dead and calls those things which
do not exist as though they did."
~ Ultramontane 4:17
Bianca hadn't bothered to check the PGP signature on the message,
knowing that the Author was the only person besides George Burns
who could get away with forging messages from God without getting
struck by lightning.
The goDog had obviously gone to ground, with John Law's hounds
nipping closely at his heels. Apparently, he believed that the
Blind Faith Server at dev.null  had been compromised, as well.
When Bianca had logged on to pull the plug on it, however, all
signs that it had ever existed had already been purged from one
end of the InterNet to the other.
Bianca got a sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach, once again,
as she realized that this was possible to do only through the
Blind Faith Server itself, which meant that whoever had taken
down dev.null had accessed the heart of the Circle of Eunuchs
communications system, potentially putting everyone, including
the children, in jeopardy.
She rose angrily to her feet, angry at herself for having let
the Author allay her initial fears about exposing the children
to danger by allowing them to use the dev.null shadow email system.
"In for a penny, in for a pound." he had said,
nonchalantly. "Unless you are willing to put their bodies
and minds in the hand of The Destroyer right now, you'd best give
them the tools and knowledge to prevent it from happening later.
"Besides, we are more likely to need those little scamps
to pull our ass out of the fire than the other way around."
he had continued, with a wink.
Bianca was shaken out of her reverie by the entrance of the children,
who were laughing and shaking the snow out of their hair and clothes.
Except for the Nephew, who was holding his sides and grimacing
in pain.
"They have tic-killed me to death!" he said,
dramatically, falling limp to the floor.
Bianca motioned for the girls to gather around her on the floor,
and they sat quietly until Human Gus-Peter peeked up to see that
nobody was paying attention to him, whereupon he quietly joined
them. Bianca began...
"I have something very serious to discuss with you."
she began.
Although we have had a lot of fun up to now, playing hide-and-seek
with others and ourselves in CyberSpace, I have constantly reminded
you that we must perform all of our actions as if the consequences
could be deadly serious, for there would come a day in the future
when this would become true for the past."
"That day has finally arrived." Bianca said solemnly,
worried that the children didn't seem to understand the gravity
of what she was trying to tell them. She decided that a direct
approach would be the best.
"A number of members of the Magic Circle, including your
uncle," she nodded to Human Gus-Peter, "have
gone to ground like wounded foxes, holing up while waiting their
chance to make a break for higher ground."
"As well, I have received communications indicating that
the Shadow has sniffed out the Blind Faith Server, and..."
she paused to change her voice to reflect the seriousness
of the situation, "it appears that dev.null has been compromised."
At this grave pronouncement, the children began giggling, and
Totokyo Rose gave MustHang Sally a thinly veiled poke in the ribs.
Bianca gave herself an inward slap on the forehead, stepped forward
to hover menacingly over Sally, and asked sternly, "Is
there something you would like to tell me, Sally?"
"Nein, Herr Commandant! Nein, Nein!" was Sally's
The children broke into such a fit of sniggering and chortling
at this point, that Bianca abandoned them to the Invisible Tickle
Monster and headed to her computer to look for inevitable pointer
to the ClueServer that the young archfiends would have left behind
for her.
Though the children had developed an amazingly intricate labyrinth
of secret signs and messages by which they used to communicate
a remarkable array of information ranging from technical information
to mystical parables, they always gave their elders clues about
as subtle as a fireball in the sky, apparently being under the
impression that shortly beyond puberty lay senility.
Bianca typed '999' into her computer and hit the return key, whereupon
it turned out that the phrase had been aliased to a slow-running
batch file which echoed its internal commands onto the screen
as if lip-reading them with great difficulty:
cd \666
pwd \6overnment6ates6omez\Pedagogue
cd .\999
cat goDog.niYang
Pet A Dog 999
"Johnny can't add...neither can his dad...Y2K is
coming, and it's going to be mad."
~ Little Orphan Annie, CypherKid Cult of One
"Follow the Money, honey."
~ SlutSally, CypherKid Cult of One
"I'm here from the IRS, and I'm here to ring your Bell."
~ Robyn Steele, CypherKid Cult of One
"Gun$ get you money$...
 Money$ get you gun$
 Billy runs window$, but window$ don't run."
~ Human Gus-Peter, Grand Pooh-Bah of the CypherUniverse of One
"The Citizen as a Decimal"
A Theorem by Martha MathMonster
Government = Power  Corporate = Money  Money = Power
Government + Corporate = Fascism  Statism = Standardization
(Government + Statism) = (Corporate + Standardization)
Unitary Theory of Fascist Statism: If Government and Corporate
interests become a Unity then Decimals become insignificant dots.
Therefore, under Fascism, the citizen is no longer a citizen-unit,
but a Decimal.
The Revelation of SaintMonger LanniTastic the Divine (In Bed)
13:16 "He causes all, both small and great, rich and poor,
free and slave, to receive a digitally implanted Persistent Identity
$$N in their right hand or on their foreheads."
13:17 "and that no one may buy or sell except one who has
a PI-$$N or traceable Bea$tCa$h, or a Digital Certificate authorized
by the Bea$t."
13:18 "Here is wisdom. Let him who has understanding calculate
the number of the Bea$t (keeping in mind that Micro$haft Money
has a Millennium Bug in it that gives a result that is different
from one returned by the more spiritually-correct Quickening $oftware),
for it is the number of a ManBoy: His number is GGG."
"Standardization is the Opiate of the Masses.
~ Saint Ishtar of Linux, CypherKid Prophetess of One
"That's not a dry-cleaning bag, Linus. It's your new security
blanket. If it saves the life of a single child..."
~ BadLucy, CypherKid Government Regulator of One
CypherKid Reminder To Senile Old Farts Wearing Their Ties
Too Tight And Cutting Off The Blood Blow To Their Brain:
The worse the Y2K problem is, the easier you can steal.
The worse the Y2K problem is, the harder it will be for the government
to steal.
The worse the Y2K problem is, the more intelligence and initiative
will evolve.
The worse the Y2K problem, the faster the dinosaurs die.
Ad infinituum...
And You're Trying To FIX The Problem?
CypherPunks Write Code!
CypherKids  Circulate Code!
Calls From CyberPromo Just To Say Hello ~  by grandson of gomez
"His Login is Mammon,
 His Password is Ca$h,
 When Time Changes Essence,
 His $oftware will Crash!"
"Except ye be as a little child..."
"Those who are not busy living, are busy dying..."
"If you're not part of the solution, you are part of the
"We have met the cliché, and it is you..."
"Tin soldiers and Nixon coming..."
"Teach your children well..."
The Alaska Highway Was a Roman Road!
When 6omez is Fuhrer, the email will run on time!
Highways are for moving troops forth and goods back.
The Information Highway was designed to move digital government
troops forth and digital currency back!
Are YOU An Information Nazi?
The History of InfoNumbers Numbers were made for counting.
Counting was made for keeping track of...
InfoNumbers are made for accounting purposes.
FRESH FROM THE CLUESERVER!!!
Unencumbered knowledge is freedom to evolve.
Encumbered knowledge is captivity in statist prisons.
Numbers are not Knowledge. Numbers are Statistics.
Humans need knowledge. Machines need numbers.
"The Medium is the Message"
Quake is fractal. Quicken is linear. The eyes are the gateway to the soul. Biometrics captures your
InfoNumbers are Information. Information is not InfoNumbers.
Who Needs Traceable, Encumbered Information?
Information Nazis.
Information Census Takers.
Information Tax Collectors.
Information Gestapo.
Information Jailers.
Information Executioners.
Jews For Just-Us Protection Society:
Biometric Identification to protect only Jewish children.
Biometric Identification to protect only Jewish financial transactions.
"We're from the government and we're here to Biometrically
Identify you in order to help you."
[Disclaimer: Jews For Just-Us Protection Society is a fully licensed
charitable subsidiary of  the Yellow Star Biometrics Corporation,
a Division of Auschwitz Cattle-Car Manufacturing, Inc.]
Who controls the Shadow Government? The Shadow!
Who knows what currency lurks in the bank accounts of
men? The Shadow knows!
Numbers are for counting.
Counting is for accounting.
Numbers can be held accountable.
Are you a number?
Passenger Manifesto / Cattle-Car  / Departing at 4:54 a.m.
"Save a Jew. Encrypt a Number!"
Humans need information to survive. Governments need controlled
information to survive.
Humans need mobility to survive. Governments need statism to survive.
Humans need physical identity to survive. Governments need physical
identification to survive.
Humans need emotion to survive. Governments need obedience to
Humans need soul to survive. Governments need InfoNumbers to survive.
Humans need spirit to survive. Governments need control to survive.
InfoWarriors blow bridges out from under the troop trains on the
Information Highway.
InfoWarriors route around armed checkpoints on the Information
InfoWarriors infiltrate enemy camps on the Information Highway.
InfoWarriors wreck or confiscate enemy munitions on the Information
InfoWarriors generate their own numbers.
Church of PGP / Campfire Songs
"I don't care if it rains or freezes,
As long as I've got my CryptoJesus,
Sitting on the laptop on my desk.
  "Threatening PRES, but he can't floor me,
    As long as PRZ don't backdoor me,
    Giving out my cleartext to the Feds."
"I turned my children over to the government, and all I got
was this digital implant"
Humanity needs children, to survive. Fascism needs *your*
children, to survive.
"Teach your children well..."
~Crosby, Stills, Nash & Bianca
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite
