
@_date: 1992-10-06 22:34:13
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Nuts & Acorns 
Instead of thinking of keys as things belonging to people, we can think of
people as things associated with keys.  In fact, we just need to shift the
focus to be entirely on the keys, and leave the people out of it.

@_date: 1992-10-10 13:33:53
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: random 
So when are we going to start alt.crypt, where we just post a lot of
uuencode'ed random data?

@_date: 1992-10-12 21:56:16
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: The subject of Saturday's game 
That was a really good point.  Keep separate issues separate so as not to
alienate people.

@_date: 1992-10-13 11:30:35
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Mr. Squirrel 
The most pressing thing is not to integrate encryptions in mail handlers,
but at the level of ether.  Ether is an enormous security hole.  I can walk
up to anything running ether with my notebook, plug in, and listen to all
traffic.  Therefore, ether cards need public key encryption built in, so
they can communicate with eachother in a secure way.  This also applies to
all other low level protocols.

@_date: 1992-10-14 11:11:49
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Mr. Squirrel 
Everyone here at UC Berkeley.
In the case of FidoNet, it sounds like that's what's needed, because your
mail is being sent from systems that are not multiuser systems.  The net
really is just for exchanging files and mail; it isn't for remote computer
Physical access is much easier than people think.  I can walk into almost
any computer room here at UC Berkeley and plug in.  And we have something
called building ether in the building I work in:  all of the machines in
this section of the building are on the same ether net.  This means that if
we want to see other researchers' data before it's published, we can,
because we can see all of their packets.

@_date: 1992-10-15 17:08:10
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: one time pads 
Physical security is not a big issue for RSA (in the pgp implementation)
because the secret key ring is itself encrypted.  The problem is not so much
physical-intrusion-to-get-the-key as it is physical intrusion aimed at
modifying software.  It would be easy to modify pgp so that the keys are
logged, etc, in a way transparent to the user.  This is why it is important
to keep both the keys and the software that manipulates them off line.  It
is also important to keep the software from being tampered with.  The best
way to do this is to put the keys and the software on a hard disk, and put
the hard disk in a computer, and carry the computer with you whereever you

@_date: 1992-10-15 17:23:16
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Game items... 
RU 486 (no, it's not Intel's pharmaceuticals division).
This is actually a really good example of something that could be the
subject of the game.  Medical researchers need it because it has the
potential to save lives.  However, synthesis and import of it into the
United States is banned, no matter what quantities are needed or what use it
is needed for.  It is an interesting and powerful substance and we should be
doing research on it, but instead we are letting a small minority of people
with no medical knowledge dictate the policy of our entire nation.  Oh
well.  I hope to have European citizenship someday (especially if Geroge

@_date: 1992-10-20 11:40:12
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Tempest. 
Like I said, just carry everything (keys and software) on your laptop.  As
soon as the Mac port of the pgp is finished, that's what I'll do.

@_date: 1992-10-20 16:53:46
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: another service 
I have thought of another service, like the depository, which might be
useful to the user community:  a time stamping notary service.  This would
have less security problems than the depository and would also be neccessary
if RSA'ed documents are to replace contracts and other paper documents used
in business.
It would be easy to implement.  A machine is set up with a hardware random
number generator.  This is used to generate a time-stamp key pair, perhaps
every day or every hour.  A user sends a document to this computer, which
then signs it with the private half of the time-stamp key and then remails
it to the user.  Note that the document sent by the user is probably
already encrypted and/or signed; sending it to the time-stamper does not
compromise it in any way.
The time stamper also keeps publishing the public half of its keys, to a
wide enough audience that it would be impossible for any one person (or
Agency) to modify all of them.  Users could keep their own archives of
them.  After the time period has elapsed, the time-stamper should erase the
private key corresponding to the time period.  This is the only time that
trust is involved and that the system might be compromised.  If a private
key were leaked, a time-stamp could be forged.
This would allow users to keep dated, notarized documents in their files, so
they could later prove that they had certain information at a certain time.
Ideas?  Thoughts?

@_date: 1992-10-25 21:29:49
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: BBS E-mail policy 
Re: entropy
I seem to remember that English text is about 1.5 bits per character.  I can
find a reference if you're interested.

@_date: 1992-10-25 21:41:19
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: entropy measures 
It's not that simple.  The entropy of a byte is the number of bits needed to
represent it.  If what is uuencoded is extremely repetitive, the entropy
will be low, maybe even less than one.  On the other hand, if it were random
data, it would just be slightly lower than ascii armor.  Binaries are
somewhat repetitive, so they have somewhat less entropy than random data.
English has a lot of redundancy, so it has a low entropy.

@_date: 1992-11-12 01:09:12
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: mac pgp 
I uploaded MacPGP to my powerbook, and used it to generate a key pair.  The
user interface is easier than the Unix user interface, so I have no problem
with that, but I do have a big problem with speed.
It expects me to type in my pass phrase at about 20 words per minute.  It
beeps me if I type it faster than that.  This makes it too annoying to be
used regularly.  It should be able to accept full-speed typing on a
powerbook 100.  I know that a 100 is not a very fast machine, but still,
this is just basic keyboard input.
My powerbook is about as secure as you can get (it's with me close to 24
hours a day and probably emits very little radiation and it's not on any
kind of net), so ideally it would be my main crypto machine, but I don't
want to type my pass phrase at 20wpm, so for now I'll stick with the IBM
RS/6000 I normally use PGP on, despite its much weaker security.
The other speed problem is key generation.  This is very slow.  Maybe I am
spoiled by the RS/6000, which is extremely fast, but I still feel like it
should be faster.
Also, it does not allow itself to be backrounded properly under system 7
during key generation.
However, I must say that I am glad that Fiedorowicz and others are working
on this port.  It's a good start.

@_date: 1992-11-13 22:38:47
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Rander box and other stuff 
All of these designs leave us Mac users a bit out in the cold.  My powerbook
100 has one lonely little serial port and no parallel port.  Desktop macs
usually have two serial ports, and it's not easy to add more.
For us powerbook users (and also for users of other notebooks), we want
something which is internal.  It's horible to have little things dangling
off of your nice little notebook.  They inevitably get pulled out, etc.
Basically it seems to me that a good solution would be to use some type of
serial device for Unix type machines, and then work on a series of cards for
IBM clones and notebooks.  How about a random bit device on one of those
little cards that most of the newer notebooks have?  I forget the name of
the standard for that, but lots of them use it now.

@_date: 1992-11-16 10:44:37
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Rander box and other stuff 
I heard something somewhere about hard disks with a layer of thermite
inside the platter.  Can you say "ferrous vapor"?
For me the ideal cryptosystem would be a small notebook with a thermite hard
drive and TEMPEST shielding and no multitasking.

@_date: 1992-11-16 15:11:38
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Rander box and other stuff 
If we're going to have auto self destruct with a range limit, it should also
be waterproof so I can take it swimming (and so that the self destruct
system won't be impeded by water).
And if it's going to have a four meter limit, it needs to be so light that I
can carry it absolutely everywhere, like under 500 grams, and if it's going
to be that small, it won't be able to have a keyboard (use pen input) or a
hard drive (lots of battery backed ram instead).
In fact, now that we've dropped the hard drive and the keyboard, it might as
well just be a dedicated crytosystem, make it about 10cmX10cmX1cm and give
it an ether port, an rs232 port, a pcmcia port and an rj11 port.  It's
doable and would provide the ultimate security.

@_date: 1992-11-16 15:33:38
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Why remailers... 
Remailers are extremely important, but we also need anonymous IP bouncers.
An IP bouncer might work like this:  there would be a user, a server, and a
target.  The server and user would each have key pairs (probably a new pair
for each session), and would trade public keys.  The user would request a
port from the server, and then would issue (encrypted) commands to the
These commands might include:
telnet - open a connection to the target.  The target would route its
packets to the server, and the server would encrypt them and route them to
the user.
ignore - get ready to recieve lots of random bits and perhaps pass them on to
other servers.  This is needed to help a user confuse trafic analysis.  A
side note:  it would be useful to have a standard port on all machines that
would accept the encrypted ignore command, so that packets could just be
sent off into the ether.  Users who use bouncers would want to have their
machines open up connections, issue the ignore command, and send random bits
at some random interval.
mail - act as an anonymous remailer (like the ones we already have set up).
port - provide a port that other people can telnet in to.
This type of anonymous bouncer would be helpful for everything we do with
TCP, including perhaps mail.

@_date: 1992-11-17 16:37:25
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Rander box and other stuff 
I thought of another thing to add to my wish list for a dedicated
cryptosystem:  analog input and output, for use as a phone line scambler.
Such a system could be manufactured for not too much money, I think.  It
would be like a specialized version of the Apple Newton.  Apple would never
make something like this, though; they are becoming good buddies with our
favorite agency.  Also you would probably need a permit to own thermite.

@_date: 1992-11-18 18:07:09
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: PGP to SMTP mailer 
sounds like it might be a good idea to implement windowing support for pgp.
we could write versions for windows, xwindows, mac and possibly other
systems.  it would not be too hard to write a generic windowed pgp and then
make it specific for these systems.

@_date: 1992-11-20 16:37:47
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: transport 
Is there anyone going to tommorow's meeting from bekreley that I could get a
ride from?  If so please mail me or call me at 510 559 8470.
Eric Hollander

@_date: 1992-11-28 17:59:17
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Banking 
I think we should set up a digital money system, and just take the legal
risks.  I volunteer.
On a related note, I noticed an article on electronic money in a recent
issue of _the_Futurist_.  It kept on coming back to the big advantage of
cryptomoney:  it is completely traceable.  The main point was that
cryptomoney would eliminate black marketeering (including the drug trade).
The author said it would be wonderful for the federal government to run this
new system, for several reasons.  First, it would allow them to monitor all
activity, so there could be no tax evasion or black marketeering.  Second,
we would all be safe knowing that the government kept the information
confidential, so it couldn't be used imporoperly.
This was a scary article.

@_date: 1992-11-28 18:25:32
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: comments on Don's "Cypher Bank" 
I have been thinking about this.  I think that pgp should have a postscript
output module, so you can print your public key on the back of business
cards and hand them out to people you meet.  Or businesses could put it on
thier flyers.  Or many other uses for times when you don't want to have to
have your computer there to exchange keys and you don't want to exchange
disks because they're expensive and big and have lots of different
incompatible formats (and some people, like me for instance, don't have any
disk drives).
I think the best font for this would be a font like OCRA, the font used at
the bottom of checks.  This font allows for very reliable scanning.  Does
anyone know where I can get a postscript version of this font?  If someone
can find it, I'll write a program that outputs a public key in that font in
the right size for a business card.

@_date: 1992-11-30 15:45:30
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: thoughts on digital cash 
We should just write all the software to fully automate the system, get
lightweight hardware for it and some solar panels and launch it into orbit.
Whose jurisdiction is that?

@_date: 1992-12-04 17:04:59
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: usenix 
A list for discussion of the crypto-bus to usenix has been formed.  To join,
send mail to usenix-crypto-bus-driver

@_date: 1992-12-07 19:51:58
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: ocf remailer 
For various reasons, my remailer on the ocf is going down indefinitely.  It
was fun while it lasted, I laughed, I cried, but now it's over.

@_date: 1992-12-14 15:50:57
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Remailers. 
Since it is possible to archive, I think we should all operate under the
assumption that archiving is being done.  And if we are operating under that
assumption, there is nothing wrong with archiving.  This is why multiple,
encrypted, and possibly overseases boucnes are so important.  The security
of remailing doesn't depend on trusting the operators.  It relies on there
being at least one operator who won't reveal show his logs.  If one of your
bounces happens to be through your own remailer, you can gaurantee this.

@_date: 1992-12-20 00:02:57
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Policies 
I keep logs on content and origin on my three remailers.  I do read the
logs.  However, I would not censor any transmissions.  I would stop
accepting mail from a site given enough reasonable complaints.
Dido for me.  I would make an attempt to destroy all of my data if an
attempt were made to take the equipment or access the data by a government
or other agency.

@_date: 1993-03-23 00:08:52
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: another remailer goes on line 
Three remailers was not enough for me.  I set up a fourth:
00x  It uses Hal's scripts, and will soon
be running pgp (I already have pgp comiled for it).  I'll post keys as soon
as they are available.

@_date: 1994-01-11 02:05:12
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: a simple guide to my remailer 
Here's the Official Guide to the hh remailer.  Please post this wherever you
think people will find it useful.
How to use the hh Usenet poster and Anonymous Remailer
by Eric Hollander
This document describes some of the special features of the
hh remailer.  Because this remailer is essentially just a
modification of the standard Cypherpunk's Remailer, I recomend that you also
read soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/remailer/hal's.remailer.gz.
= What does this remailer do?
This remailer allows anyone who can send mail to post to Usenet newsgroups,
and also to send mail to anyone else on the Internet.  Both of these
functions can be anonymous (the identity of the sender is hidden from the
recipient) or non-anonymous (the identity of the sender is known to the
= Why is this remailer different from the standard Cypherpunks remailers?
The main difference between this remailer and the other Cypherpunk remailers
is that this remailer allows posting to all Usenet newsgroups, either
anonymously, or non-anonymously.  It also has the regular remailer functions
of forwarding mail, either anonymously or non-anonymously (nonymously?).
The other minor difference is that this remailer adds a random time delay
for anonymous mail and posting.
= A note about header fields
This remailer/poster looks at the header of the mail you send it to decide
what to do.  Some mail programs don't allow easy editting of the header.  If
your program doesn't allow editting of the header, you can still use the
remailer.  To do this, send mail in the normal way, but start your message
like this:
leaving no blank lines before the :: and a blank line after the header field
to be inserted.  The remailer will consider the line after the :: to be a
part of the header.  All of the instructions bellow can be used with actual
header fields or the :: format.
= How do I use this remailer to anonymously post to Usenet?
Send mail to hh with a header like this:
This message will be posted to rec.fish, with nothing to indicate who was
the original sender.  Only the Subject field will be retained; everything
else in the header will be discarded.
= How do I post non-anonymously?
Send mail like this:
This will be posted to rec.fish non-anonymously; the From and Subject fields
will be retained in the post.
= Crossposting
To crosspost, simply list the newsgroups, separated by commas, with no
spaces, like this:
Note that excessive crossposting is an abuse of the net.  Some people have
to pay for their news, and they don't want to read "how to make money fast"
in rec.fish.
= Testing
I recomend that you post test messages to make sure you are using the
remailer properly.  Please post these messages to the appropriate test
groups (alt.test, rec.test, etc).  Also, if you post non-anonymously to a
test group, many sites will send you mail confirming that they have received
the post.  To avoid this, put the word "ignore" in the subject line.
= Anonymous mail
This remailer is capable of sending anonymous mail.  To send mail to
foo send a message like this:
and foo will recieve the message, without knowing who sent it.
= Non-anonymous mail forwarding
This remailer supports non-anonymous mail forwarding.  To use this feature,
send mail like this:
= Testing mail
Please test the anonymous remailer functions before you use it "for real" by
sending mail to yourself or a friend.
= Chaining, encryption, and other issues
These features are discussed in detail in
soda.berkeley.edu:/pub/cypherpunks/remailer/hal's.remailer.gz.  While you're
looking at that file, you might also want to check out PGP in
should try it out.  This remailer doesn't yet support encryption, but it's
coming soon.
= Remailer abuse
This remailer has been abused in the past, mostly by users hiding behind
anonymity to harass other users.  I will take steps to squish users who do
this.  Lets keep the net a friendly and productive place.
= A note to ucb users
This remailer allows posting to ucb.* newsgroups.
= If you have other questions or problems
send normal mail (without any of the above headers) to hh
= Copyright
This file is copyright 1994 Eric Hollander, all rights reserved.  You are
free to distribute this information in electronic format provided that the
contents are unchanged and this copyright notice remains attached.
= Disclaimer
This remailer is not endorsed in any way by the University of California.
I, Eric Hollander, take no responsibility for the content of posts or
messages, and I take no responsibility for the consequences of using my
remailer.  For example, if you post anonymously, and someone manages to
trace it back to you, I am not responsible.

@_date: 1994-01-27 02:27:31
@_author: Eric Hollander 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Noise Traffic 
is harness it :-). The question is, Greetings!  We are the remailer people!  We mean no harm to your net and its
I have been toying with similar ideas for a while, and would like to start
implementing this feature.  My remailer can certainly afford to sendmail
about 2000 times a day, which is at least 10 to 100 times the actual
traffic.  Actual traffic would be completely lost in a stream of noise.
However, for this to be effective at all, it has to be all encrypted, so
noise will be indistinguishible from signal.
I am currently working on an alias remailer with lots of encryption.
Because users are going to be required to run pgp, I might as well also
require them to accept about 10 messages a day of noise, and run slocal or
something like it to filter it out.  They should also send me about 10
messages a day of noise, and I will certainly be implementing stuff to
filter that out.
I certanily wouldn't mind if people sent me a bunch of mail with
which will just go to /dev/null.  If someone writes some scripts to send
this mail automatically several times a day, go ahead and post it and run
it, because that would be great.  I might actually post such a script later
on tonight.  My soda remailer does not yet support encryption, so that will
have to wait.  Since this isn't going to be encrypted, I would recomend that
you send mail that's slightly different each time, and includes lots of good
keywords (cocaine, machine guns, environmentalism, bomb, allah, etc).
