
@_date: 1994-09-04 21:28:25
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Re: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
I think you understood exactly what he said.  I'll explain why he said
it the way he did.  John thinks that James may have some good ideas,
but he's too excited, and he's not explaining them clearly.  John
asked James to calm down, and suggested some particular points that
James wasn't explaining in his excitement over the error he sees other
people falling into.  John is talking this way so James will
understand that John is trying to be on his side.  If he said
something like "you idiot," or "you raving clod", there would be
little chance of James calming down enough to understand John's point.
The way John spoke shows that he is familiar with many of the problems
people fall into when they hold a heated conversation on the net.
Many people mistake heat and excitement for disagreement and personal
attack.  John is doing a good job of pointing out to James that people
are interested in what he has to say, and that communication will be
clearer of if he takes a deep breath and figures out what people are
really asking him for.
Thanks John,
BTW, I think John and James are right: reputation is not quantifiable,
it's interpreted by each observer differently.  Credentials on the
other hand, can be transfered, and it makes sense to codify them so
other people can understand what recommendations they represent.

@_date: 1994-09-05 18:05:12
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Re: Reputations/Credentials 
I'm not going to quote Conrad Walton point-by-point, but I'm
responding to the message in which he asks how what TRW provides
relate to what we mean by reputations and credentials.
What TRW does is to collect information from others about their
beliefs about others and their history of dealings with them.  TRW
then provides a summary giving their opinion.  They do it in an
automated way, and provide a numerical rating as the output.  Equifax,
TransUnion and Dunn&Bradstreet provide a similar service, but depend
on different sources, and combine the information in different ways.
I doubt if any of them would tell you what their formula is.
I think what other c'punks writing on this topic have objected to is
the notion that someone might create *a* calculus that would describe
*the* proper way for rating services to do their job.  Reputations are
people's opinions, and how you add them up depends on your beliefs
about the opinion-holders.
I'm not sure that credentials are different in that respect.  The way
credentials should be different is that they should tell you what
opinion they're intended to represent.  Does your signature on my key
indicate that you believe that I'm a real person with the name I use,
or just that I am the person who used that name last year?
Reputations are subjective.  Credentials are codifications about
beliefs.  They say that X believes Y about Z.  It might be useful to
codify what the different useful Y's are, but I find it hard to see
how there could be a general formalism for composing statements like

@_date: 1994-09-10 18:20:35
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Re: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
This is not true.  If you're driving a car you are required to have a
license.  If you're just walking around, you're not required to have a
name, or to tell it.  A cop has to have a probable cause to arrest
you, and not giving your name doesn't provide it.  If you're surly, a
cop can take you in, but if you politely decline to identify yourself,
the cop has to work harder to find a reason to do anything.  Just say
"Officer, someone is waiting for me.  May I go now?"
This has been tested in court.  There was a black lawyer several years
ago who liked to walk a lot.  He lived in one of the fashionable
neighborhoods in LA, and occasionally got picked up becasue he "looked
like he didn't belong there".  He sued them and won in court every
time, and got the police to leave him alone.  [No, I don't have

@_date: 1994-09-10 18:23:25
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: SSNs and Privacy regulations 
The reason  not to give your Social Security Number when MCI asks is
not to keep MCI from knowing it, but to keep them from treating your
knowledge of it as proof of your identity.  Insist that they use a
different number so anyone willing to pay TRW for a credit report
can't get access to your account.
(author of the SSN FAQ)

@_date: 1994-09-12 00:20:30
@_author: Chris Hibbert 
@_subject: Re: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
I was too succinct in my message about dealing with cops.  I didn't
want to write a long message, but by responding briefly, I said things
that could easily be misconstrued, and now I'll have to spend the
time.  Sandy is right about a number of things.  As he points out, you
are not required to have documents on your person saying who you are,
but you do have to give a name (and probably an address) when the
police ask.
However, there are many times when a cop asks a question that you
don't have to answer.  Cops are allowed to just "nose around," and
it's in this situation that you aren't required to be very
forthcoming.  Cops are allowed to ask idle questions (as anyone is).
They don't have as many special rights at these times.  When they do
have probable cause, they can insist that you cooperate or allow a
search.  And if you don't cooperate, they can arrest you.
If they don't have probable cause, and are just poking around, they
have to let you go if they haven't found anything suspicious.  If you
assume they always have the right to insist, you will spend more time
talking to cops than you have to, and will let them dig deeper than
they have a right to.  The longer they poke around the better the
chances they'll find something you thought of as innocent that they
think is suspicious.  Many people let police search when they don't
have to, thinking they don't have a choice.
When a cop asks if he can look in the trunk of your car, or take a
look around your apartment, you can say "I'd rather not," and ask if
you're free to go.  **Remember that they have a gun** and the right to
use it in some situations.  Be polite.  They'll let you know if
they're insisting on your cooperation.  Physical resistance is a very
bad idea.  But there's no need to let them look if they don't insist,
and they are prohibiting from insisting if they don't have a legally
justifiable reason.
In my previous message, I said
    ... Just say "Officer, someone is waiting for me.  May I
    go now?"
and Sandy responded:
  Just say "no"?  I *guarantee* this won't work.  If you are asking
  permission ("May I go?"), aren't you ceding to the officer the
  legal right to say "no"? If you believe you don't have to
  interact with the nice man, why not just turn your back and walk
  away without a word?  (I wouldn't advise it.)
Again, I spoke too quickly, and so left out the caveats and details.
Cops have to have probably cause before they can detain you.  When
they have probably cause, they'll let you know.  "Just turn[ing] your
back and walk[ing] away without a word" is a bad idea, but if you give
them everything they ask for without objecting, you're giving in too
quickly.  Cops are not always your friends.  If a cop asks to search
you, your car or your apartment, the proper response is "I'm real busy
right now, I'd rather not."  "May I go" is a question that forces a
cop to either claim he has a reason to hold or search you or admit
that you can go.  If they have a legally justifiable reason for
insisting, they'll let you know.
Many people try to claim in court that a search was "without probable
cause," and lose because they didn't object, and so the search is
deemed to have been voluntary.  Anything they find in a voluntary
search is admissible in court.
The question isn't "Do you have something to hide?" but "Does
everything you own look completely innocent from all viewpoints?"
Sorry for the length.
