
@_date: 1996-02-17 05:21:08
@_author: Keith Henson 
@_subject: (fwd) Fishman > Pest Control 
I know there are services which can recover at least some of the data
on a formated disk.  Does anyone have a pointer to them?  Keith Henson
PS, Please reply by email.  I used to read this list, but it has been
some time since I was here.  I already asked the victum to quit using
the disk.  Xref: netcom.com alt.religion.scientology:150246
Path: netcom.com!ix.netcom.com!netnews
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology
Organization: Netcom
Lines: 190
NNTP-Posting-Host: ix-ftl5-11.ix.netcom.com
X-NETCOM-Date: Wed Feb 14  6:58:35 PM PST 1996
DECLARATION OF STEVEN FISHMAN
with Dr. Uwe W. Geertz in the case before the Superior Court of the
State of
California, in and for the County Los Angeles, known as "Uwe Geertz and
Steven Fishman vs. Church of Scientology International et. al.", Case
Number BC 122 467.
woman in a mature voice who said she was from Sonny's Pest Control
Services.  She said that she was introducing her company to the
Ranches subdivision of Fort Lauderdale and offered me a free pest
spraying of both inside and outside the house, at no cost or
obligation.  As I
had not had a spraying done in five months due to my financial
situation, I
told her to send her representative to spray the house on Saturday
February 10, 1996.
workers arrived at the house.  They introduced themselves as Eddie and
and said they were from Sonny's Pest Control.  They were very clean cut
had canisters of pest control spray.  They both wore white shirts. Eddie had a
tie on, and Amy was wearing denim shorts.  Eddie shook my hand and told
me that Amy was his sister.  They were very friendly and knowledgeable
about pest control.  Eddie seemed genuinely concerned about my parrot,
said that the spray his company used would not hurt the bird, and also
describing three kinds of carpenter ants which his spray would contain.
I show her which plants outside had the most ants.  She was also very
knowledgeable about plants and was very friendly and congenial.  She
smiling a lot and I found her attractive so we spoke for about ten
work and
I would call them in a month if I were financially able to afford their
because I was currently looking for a job.  Eddie asked me to write
down his
phone number so I could call him.  I asked him for a business card but
he said
they were not ready yet.  Amy asked if I was pleased with their service
and I
said it was very well done.  I left a few minutes after they did to go
pick up
my daughter who was a hostess at the Renaissance Festival.
I found the screen blank except for the words c:\format c: and
underneath it
100% formatted.  Everything on my hard drive had been erased, including
rough drafts of my opposition motion to defendants' notice of motion to
quash service of process of David Miscavige and my opposition motion to
defendants' notice of motion and special motion to strike the second
complaints of plaintiffs pursuant to C.C.P. ยง 425.16 (SLAPP Suit). Furthermore, all of my research, including my original complaint and
all of
my Internet files were simultaneously destroyed when my hard drive was
my wallet which was on a table in plain view in my bedroom and nothing
stolen from out of it.  The sole purpose of these two pest control
sprayers was
to re-format my hard drive and render it impossible for me to send in
motions and also go on the Internet.  I also had important
correspondence on
my hard disk with the Internal Revenue Service about my effort to
the tax exempt status of the Church of Scientology, as well as letters
complaints to the Food and Drug Administration regarding the Church of
Scientology's Super VII E-Meter not being an approved device for the
treatment of mental illness, and my complete file on the criminal
activities of
Church officials including Defendant Eugene Ingram is now gone.
Scientology.  They only talked about pest control, my bird, and the
plants and their services.  I tried calling the number Eddie gave me
but it was
not the number for Sonny's Pest Control Services, and the party who
answered it said she has had that number for many years and I reached a
trailer park near the Seminole Bingo on State Road 7.  The woman said
it was
a wrong number and she never heard of Eddie or Amy.
Status Conference for nearly a month, doing legal research and typing
between 14 and 16 hours a day, without the benefit of legal help.  When
I lost
all of my data, I had chest pains and became physically sick and
for several days and I remained in bed.  All of the work I had done was
and I was unable to locate these two people.
connected with the Office of Special Affairs.  I do not even have their
names or even know if Eddie and Amy are their correct first names.  I
thought of putting a password system on my computer because the only
people who use the computer are myself and my daughter Elysia.  I had
backup of my data.  spoke to a
support engineer named David.  I explained to David what had happened,
he assigned my problem a task number 14803868, and told me to use a
recovery disk to get my DOS prompt back, so I could re-install Windows
the word processor software (Works for Windows).  I was finally able to
the word processor loaded on Tuesday evening at 11:23 P.M.  There was
time to re-write the opposition motions since the replies had to be in
the Court
file by Friday, February 16, 1996.
because there is insufficient time to re-write my own opposition
motions, and
I do not want to ask the Court for a delay in order to prepare the
motions over
again, because I would have to pay a penalty for changing my
airline tickets for the Status Conference, which I can't afford.  me as
I believe it was a deliberate attempt to sabotage my legal work, and/or
keep me off the Internet because I have been a vocal critic of the
Church of
Scientology on the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology and on the
Relay Chat Channel  as of late.  And, as I said before,
though I believe I know who is responsible, I can't prove it.  However,
would like the Court to take judicial notice of it in the event this
type of
operation occurs again or in a similar fashion to interfere with my
right to
litigate this case.  set forth are true and correct.
Respectfully Submitted,			Dated:  February 14, 1996
Steven Fishman
Plaintiff Pro Se
12980 S. W. 48th Street
Fort Lauderdale, Florida  33330-2339

@_date: 1996-05-15 12:25:42
@_author: Keith Henson 
@_subject: crosspost re remailers 
Sorry to send this in blind.  Over a year ago I switched from watching
the "mutitions" R&D works to being an observer/participant on a small
"test war."  Once in a while, I send in a report.  If you have comments
which you want me to see, email them.  Thanks,  Keith Henson
References: <4ml2cv$c52 <4mrsf0$esn <4ms9na$l24 <4msu79$jdi  <4nae9i$bf7
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 261-4700 guest)
Distribution: inet
: : >What I find disturbing is certain people who were visibly outraged by
: : >Steven Fishman's "outings" are supportive of the remailer abuse, _as_well_
: : remailer ABUSE?  how is it remailer ABUSE to use them for their
: : intended purposes.
: Remailers exist to destroy copyrights?  I always thought they were around : to ensure a certain amount of anonymity, not to permit people to destroy : copyrights and get away with it. Hoyos, you *can't* destroy copyright, period.  Trade secrets are another
matter, and I suppose you can make a case that the ability of a certain
powerful cult to extract money or labor from the gulible has been reduced. I know some of the people who wrote the first cypherpunk remailers.  They have been watching the uses to which the remailers have been put.
The long drawn out battle between the CoS and the Net has been of as
much interest to them as the performance of large guns at the front
was to Krup.   I can't speak for all of them--actually, I can't speak
for *any* of them, but the ones who have said anything about the
recent uses of the remailers do not seem unhappy.  There may be
some discussion related to this on the cypherpunks mailing list.
But if you sign up, be prepaired for a flood.  Keith Henson
Crossposted to cypherpunks
