
@_date: 1993-07-29 20:07:19
@_author: ex: NAND 
@_subject: Re: TECH: encrypted computer? 
I've been thinking about this also.  I think your idea boils down to an encoding for software which allows execution but not modification.  This could be called a tamper-proof software encoding.  Such an encoding would have all sorts of applications.  For example:
- public key encryption (a public key is simply a tamper-proof encoding of a private encryption algorithm).  - distribution of software with advertisements or credits permanently attached.  - distribution of software that requires "fuel" consisting of certificates signed by the manufacturer.  - computer viruses that utilize secret information.  It's clear that the state variables internal to the algorithm must remain encrypted.  If any of the *original* state variables were revealed, the algorithm could be inferred from changes to these variables.  Therefore, tamper-proof software requires processing of encrypted data.  The problem would be solved by a computationally complete set of functions (ex: NAND) which could produce encrypted output from encrypted input without revealing decrypted input or output.  It's a simple problem, but as far as I know it hasn't been solved.  I have tried to solve this problem in several different ways, without much success.  I found one paper entitled "Processing Encrypted Data" (comm. of ACM v.30 n.9 1987), which reported some very rudimentary results, but which commented intriguingly:
"The Department of Defense has invested considerable efforts in recent years in solving this problem ... but the results of this efforts have not been made public."
-------------- Yours Truly, ][adon Nash --------------------------------
 in founding a family or a state, or acquiring fame even, we are mortal;
 but in dealing with truth we are immortal, and need fear no change nor
 accident. --------------------------------- ][enry David Thoreau, 1850

@_date: 1993-08-07 09:25:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Ayn Rand and Crypto-Anarchy 
I recently read Atlas Shrugged by Ayne Rand.  I noticed two crucial technologies that seem like good analogs for cypherpunk technology.   In case your not familiar with the story, the most productive industrialists, engineers, etc. decide to remove themselves from society until the government stops interfering.  They create their own little community in a secluded valley where they can work without supporting the government.  The first relevant technology is a mirror that hides the valley.  The industrialists have built a small town, but from the air it looks like a barren desert.  The mirror conceals their transactions from everyone else.  This sounds like encrypted, untraceable communications and transactions.  Black markets flourish, but from outside they look like barren static.  The second technology is a self-destructing laboratory.  This allows an engineer to experiment with secret technology without the need for physical security.  When the police break down the lab door, they find nothing but a fine powder, and they can't even guess what he's been up to.  This sounds like tamperproof hardware or software.  To the authorized user, it's useful equipment.  To everyone else, it's nothing more than random instructions.  Did Ayn Rand anticipate crypto-anarchy?
          --- Yours Truly, ][adon Nash ---
in founding a family or a state, or acquiring fame even, we are mortal;
but in dealing with truth we are immortal, and need fear no change nor
accident. --- ][enry David Thoreau, 1850 ---
-------------- Yours Truly, ][adon Nash --------------------------------
 in founding a family or a state, or acquiring fame even, we are mortal;
 but in dealing with truth we are immortal, and need fear no change nor
 accident. --------------------------------- ][enry David Thoreau, 1850

@_date: 1993-08-24 13:25:30
@_author: 1 
@_subject: Digital Gold 
I tried to imagine a digital currency which is not backed by any bank, but just exists by mathematics and convention, like gold.  The result is the following currency system which could be called digital gold.  It involves three conventions, (1) a convention for valuing coins, (2) a convention for claiming coins, (3) a convention for transfering coins.  I believe the resulting currency is unforgeable, uninflatable, and untraceable.  Let me know where I've gone wrong (gently).
Digital Gold
 -----------
Let's associate one digital gold coin with each positive integer.  Let's agree that the coin for each integer N is worth half as much as the coin for integer N/2.  integers:   are each worth:
 --------   ----------- 1 - 1       1    ounce  2 - 3       1/2  ounce 4 - 7       1/4  ounce 8 - 15      1/8  ounce 16 - 31     1/16 ounce  The total amount of digital gold is infinite.  However, the amount in circulation will always be finite because the lowest denomination coins aren't worth claiming or to spending.  (Claiming and spending of coins will be described shortly.  For the time being, let's just assume that each requires a certain amount of computation.)  For example, if it costs 1/10 ounce of digital gold to spend a digital coin, then 1/16 ounce coins will not circulate.  The total amount of digital gold in circulation will then be 4 ounces.  The supply of digital gold is similar to the supply of real gold.  As the value of real gold increases (relative to the cost of mining), more real gold can be mined profitably.  If the demand for digital gold doubles, its value will roughly double, and a lower denomination can then circulate.  Similarly, if the cost of computation halves, a lower denomination of coins can circulate.  In either case, the number of coins doubles, but the supply of digital gold increases only slightly.  Each denomination represents an equal fraction of the digital gold in circulation.  Therefore, as new denominations come into circulation, the supply of digital gold remains relatively stable.  However, the number of coins increases in proportion to the demand for digital gold, and to the supply of computation.  This seems appropriate.  Also, only a small fraction of the digital gold is in the smallest denominations.  This is important since the smallest denominations are always inefficient to spend.  Claiming Digital Gold
 --------------------
Let's agree, by convention, that the first person to sign a particular integer, owns the digital gold corresponding to that integer.  This is the law of initial acquisition of digital gold.  In order to claim a digital gold coin, the claimer must publicize a "claim certificate", containing the signed integer and the public key required to recognize the signature.  The first person to publicize a claim certificate will be recognized as the owner.  A claimer can use a new alias for each new claim.  In this way, he can claim coins without revealing his identity.  Spending Digital Gold
 --------------------
In order to spend a coin, the payor signs a claim certificate from the payee.  This voids the payor's ownership of the coin, and validates the payee's ownership.  The payor uses his old alias to sign the payee's claim, so that he does not identify himself.  The payee can generate a new alias for each new claim certificate, so he can accept coins without identifying himself.  The law of property transfer for digital gold is the same as the law of property acquisition.  The first person to publicize a new claim certificate signed by the previous rightful owner, rightfully owns the coin.  The payee should have the claim confirmed (signed) by some of the agencies where he might like to spend the coin.  A confirmation indicates that the agency is willing to accept the coin from the new alias.  Before confirming a claim, an agency should establish that the payer owned the coin at one time, and that he has not yet granted it to anyone but the payee.  If the claim is good, the agencies should take note of the new owner.  If the claim is bad, the payee can confront the payer.  Agencies can do enough research to avoid confirming most bad claims.  For each coin, there exists a chain of claim certificates extending all the way back the the original owner of the coin.  The backward chain proves that each alias has owned the coin at one time.  The forward chain proves that each alias no longer owns the coin.  Agencies can also sign claims with timestamps, in order to settle disputes over coins claimed by multiple owners.  The result is ownership by consensus.  If the agencies I wish to do business with agree that my alias owns a particular coin, then I own a certain amount of digital gold.   ------- Yours Truly, ][adon Nash ---------------------
in founding a family or a state, or acquiring fame even, we are mortal; but in dealing with truth we are immortal, and need fear no change nor accident.  --------------------------- ][enry David Thoreau -----

@_date: 1993-08-25 09:56:41
@_author: who could be the original owner himself 
@_subject: Digital Coin Claim 
The first certificate attached to this message is a claim to ownership
of the first digital gold coin.  Some anonymous person is claiming
ownership of this coin simply because no one else has claimed it.  This
original owner has signed a deed granting ownership of the coin to
himself.  The second attached certificate is a transfer of ownership of the same
digital coin.  The first owner has granted ownership of the coin to some
other anonymous person (who could be the original owner himself).  If someone tries to offer you coin  in exchange for some good or
service, make sure his signature matches the public key in the latest
deed of ownership of coin   (The first public key is now worthless,
by convention.) <>-<>-<> Deed of Ownership <>-<>-<>
The following digital coin is hereby granted to the owner of the following alias by the signer of this deed.
coin

@_date: 1993-08-25 21:12:18
@_author: based on experience 
@_subject: Digital Gold or Digital Dirt? 
Good question.  At this point, we might call it "digital dirt" because no one values it at all.  The important thing is that a limited quantity of an informational substance exists.  Therefore, if some community wants to begin using information as a medium of exchange, a suitable "virtual substance" exists.  Furthermore, the fact that these tokens are not backed by any particular organization may be essential.  As I understand it, the US government prohibits its citizens from making private currencies that compete with the US dollar.  But it doesn't prohibit them from trading any currencies they like.  Therefore, as long as no-one guarantees digital gold (as long as its value is due only to convention), it should be legal.       Yours Truly, ][adon Nash

@_date: 1993-08-25 21:12:47
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Digital Gold, a bearer instrument? 
These are fine questions.  Thanks for asking them.
The purpose I have in mind for the chain of titles is as a way of establishing ownership of something which consists *wholey of information*.  It is the closest approximation I can imagine to a bearer instrument for bearers who can have no physical contact.  Please notice that the chain of titles is between *aliases* which do not reveal the identities of the people trading the coins.  Only the people engaged in particular transactions can associate particular people with particular digital coins.  Who owns digital coin   (It might be me, but it has already been transfered to a new alias once.)
The chain of titles I have proposed does not increase accountability.  The public cannot determine where the money is being spent, they can only determine the aliases which anonymously identify the latest owners.  This is the bear minimum information that could make a peice of information valuable to the members of a community.      Yours Truly, ][adon Nash
