
@_date: 1994-01-10 19:36:38
@_author: HO  JUNYA 
@_subject: request for references on random one time pad 
Hi, I am taking part in an engineering design course, where we will
be designing and building something of our choice, with an emphasis
on electronics...  What i proposed to do was basically a one time
pad, with a true random number generator to generate the pad.  We
want to do it on 8 bit xt plug in cards, with the initial transfer
of the random pad between the sender and receiver being done over
a cable (with the terminals side by side).  Then, an arbitrary amount
of time later, the two terminals can be separated, and a promiscuous
method of transmission can be used to transmit encrypted data.
The encrypted data is to be generated by simply XORing the bits of
the pad, and the bits of the plaintext, with decryption occuring at
the receiving end by XORing the bits of the pad and the bits of the
encrypted message, to extract the plaintext bits.
Talking to the instructor today, he didn't understand why I wished
to use a truly random number generator, since he believed that any
pseudorandom number generator, or even something periodic would be
just as secure, in practical terms.  Is this true?  I did not wish
to use a pseudorandom number generator (and after all, it's an electronics
design course, not software design) or any period function, because
i believed that it would be susceptible to brute force attacts by
statistical analysis of the encrypted data (are there other ways of
attacking it?).  Wouldn't this also apply to any textual input as
the pad?  (eg, verse n of chapter m of book o of the bible)
I would like to be able to back up my assertion that using pseudorandom
number generators, periodic functions or english texts would not be
secure (to what degree?), and that the use of a true random number
generator (probably using circuit noise) is theoretically the most
secure method available (assuming real randomness and not taking into
account the transfer of the pad).  Can anyone suggest any references?
I was also wondering how difficult it would be to implement DES into
this, using random bits for keys, in hardware or software.  I'm afraid
that we may have to use basic, if we are to talk with the plug-in-card,
as i'm not confident of my C abilities, and am not aware of any libraries
out there.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.  I am not on the cypherpunks
mailing list yet, however, and would appreciate a Cc: to my email
address, in addition to the list itself.
"Merci, merci, merci." -La Femme Nikita       |        hojunya

@_date: 1994-01-19 10:08:56
@_author: HO  JUNYA 
@_subject: Questions about hardware RNG design and implementing RSA/DES/IDEA in hardware 
(I apologize for the crossposting; I feel that this is relevant to
the newsgroups and mailing lists  that I've posted this to)
Hi, we're trying to design and build a hardware random number generator
for use in key generation for secret key cryptosystems (likely to
be at least a one time pad, perhaps DES or IDEA), as part of a
hardware design project.  We'll be putting the transmitter and
receiver on expansion cards for ibm-compatible pc's, and hopefully
be able to keep as much of the work as possible in hardware.
My question is, I am trying to come up with ways of building
this true RNG (random number generator) using a few simple components.
For my noise source, I will probably be using thermal noise in
electrical components.
I understand that noise has a Gaussian distribution  through
time (i assume time referring to the time interval between successive
signals of a certain power/amplitude?), and will be finding the
median of this distribution so as to sample the random binary bits
on either side of this median.  We will attempt to design something
which will automatically find the median in a given set of
conditions.  (I am told this is called anti-biasing?)
My questions are:
does anyone know of any actual implementations of this sort of RNG?  can anyone suggest a good introductory reference to noise, random
behaviour or sampling from random sources?
what sort of hardware requirements do the DES, IDEA and RSA algorithms
have?  We will not be using IC's built for the DES or RSA encryption,
but will perhaps program a controller of some sort to do this.  I
am afraid that RSA (for the initial secret key exchange) will take
too long on an 8088 or lesser processor.  we're looking for bitrates
of about 1kbits/s from the RNG, since 75% of that will likely be
thrown away in the process of 'pairwise (something)'.  (if two consecutive bits are the same, throw them out, if they are different,
take the first one)
I would appreciate any comments, answers, concerns, &c

@_date: 1994-02-01 16:05:29
@_author: HO  JUNYA 
@_subject: "bio-radar"? 
In the current issue of Defense Electronics, the editor talks about
some "bio-radar" technology, in the hands of both the US and the
Soviet bloc..  Does anyone know more about this, or know where to
get more information?
