
@_date: 1997-11-05 18:39:40
@_author: aileen holovacs 
@_subject: Re: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
Judaism. I have yet to meet a Jew w/ such a fundamentalist Christian view of the world. If you were indeed born Jewish, I will apologize ahead of time and say only that, your education in yiddishkeit(Jewish life) and halakhah(Jewish law) must either have been nonexistant, or Lubavich. I suspect you consider yourself jewish because you are a jew for jesus. A Christian who has decided to adopt jewish tradition and therefore calls themself jewish. I bring these points to your attention:
allowed to act, speak, or pray in WWII Germany, they were sent to death instead. Jews are not allowed to worship or read the holy books in communist countries. The greatest Jewish leaders through out history, read and argued dissenting viewpoints, they did not censor them.Even today, Jews take responsibility for their own children, they do not ask others to do it for them. The more orthodox place their children in private schools at their own expense, and teach their children to stay away from non-jews, they don't expect everyone else to bend to their views. I strongly doubt any Jew would choose use a quote from hitler. Commandments? And the term Christ himself????As far as Jews are concerned, Jesus was nothing more than a minor prophet. It is upsetting that other religion's icons are held in scorn, but this is because we respect other people's belief.
contraception is NOT! Even for the very orthodox, abortion is ALWAYS allowed to save a woman's life and in ANY case rape or incest. Among non-orthodox Jews, it is allowed if necessary for the sake of the family, or for the mental health of the woman. Even among the most orthodox, contraception is allowed after the birth of at least 1 male and 1 female child, and the sexual act is considered a mandatory act of mutual parents, and lack of respect for adults is a direct result of upbringing, not the media or the internet.Jews teach respect by example, including respecting their own children. That, plus a healthy dose of jewish guilt. Jewish parents hold their children in such high regard, that there is no worse feeling than dissapointing your parents.
contepmt, they are among the first to say 'question authority'.Look at what has happened to us when we don't!(and sometimes even when we do)
legacy. If it's trash, don't by it or look at it; don't sponsor a museum that exhibits that trash, but censor? Never! Even pornography is allowable, it is up to the parents to educate the children on these always insisted that their children get a Jewish education as well as an ecumenical one. from kindergarten on, Jewish children usually spend hours each week in hebrew school learning jewish history, law and culture. You cannot be b'nai Mitzvoh unles you go through all this. Even someone who converts to Judaism, must study until the Rabbi feels the have learned enough, before they can b'nai Mitzvah.
welfare of society, without any other agenda. The Mitzvah(good deed) is one of the top 5 most importanat things about being a jew. It means giving simply for the sake of others. Children are shown, very early, how good it feels to do a mitzvah, and all jews are encouraged to do a mitzvah a day. They don't blame  problems on society(as you seem to), nor do they expect the government to fix the problem(as you seem to). The best way to solve these problems is to offer help freely to resolve the problem, Not find a way to place blame(as you seem to). Is pornography really the problem, or is it that our youth are out of control and lack leadership and role models? Banning dirty words will not keep children from learning them. Teaching children how people use them and why they are innapropriate will. Teaching "bible" at school will not instill morality, teaching by example will. you web site, to draw rather strong conclusions.
for you, that your lack of education has left you vulnerable to the pseudo-science that you quote. It is obvious that you have never had a course in statistics, politics and government, sociology, science, ot research methods, to name a few. Jewish culture AND religion take great pride in holding education as one of the primary foundations of being a Jew prize knowledge and education. Ideas are things to be nurtured and grown, books are things to be cherished and absorbed.The idea of censorship is an anathema to the entire culture.
If you were Jewish you would know at least some of this. It makes you and your arguments even less credible when you portray yourself as something you're not. Let's at least have a little honesty here even if we completely disagree on the censorship issue. Khlallah: gey en dregk
Men roybt undz dos lebn un recht             Derfar vayl mir emes farlangen
Frayhayt, far bafrayt
They steal our lives and our rights,
because of our true desire,
freedom, freedom for everyone    (from"tortured to death in captivity")
G.A.Machtet, poet
dedicated to student revolutionaries
