
@_date: 1996-07-18 02:37:38
@_author: "Creative Financial Alternatives" 
@_subject: Government: Home-Business 
Dear Friend,
Thank you for your interest. Please take a minute to read this important information or simply print it out.  All the information here is 100% accurate and can be verified
with the Department of HUD in Washington D.C.
   Honest Home-Business NO MLM or SELLING involved
       Earn $500 to $1,000 per week guaranteed.
 NOW YOU CAN MAKE UP TO $1,000.00 A WEEK OR MORE, IN
 YOUR SPARE TIME WORKING  AT HOME AND HELPING THE
 GOVERNMENT FIND PEOPLE WHO THEY OWE MONEY TO!
 You'll be your own boss.  Work when you want... as much as you
want. Sound Good?  Then, read on because it gets a whole lot better!!
 Dear Friend,
    The truth is, the US Government really does have money to give
away.   In fact, right now there is more than $70,000,000.00 that
legally belongs to millions of unsuspecting US citizens.
    Where does this money come from? When the US Department
of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and the Federal Housing
Administration (FHA)  approve a loan for a house, 1/2 of one percent
of the loan amount is added by HUD/FHA to the loan interest as
insurance in the event that the borrower does not pay the mortgage.
That money accumulates interest over the life of the loan. If the house
is taken away from the borrower through foreclosure, that money is
forfeited. However, when the borrower pays off the loan, they are
entitled to a full refund of that money. Over 20-30 years, that can add
up to a substantial amount of money!!
     So what does this mean for you? EASY MONEY!! I'll explain.
Most people do not know that this amount is due to them- many
have relocated. Since HUD/FHA doesn't have the resources to
track down each and everyone of the borrowers due a refund, they
developed the Refund Tracer Program for the purpose of allowing
people, just like you, to earn money by locating borrowers.
You see, thanks to the little known Mortgage Refund Tracer Program,
you can easily perform a valuable service. As a Refund Tracer, you
can help return millions of dollars to rightful owners and collect part
of what you return in processing fees.
     Just think of it!!
     A fantastic opportunity to earn substantial amounts of money. You
can start right away and earn $300 to $1,000.00 a week or more, right
from your own home. There is really no limit what you can earn. It's up
to you how much you want to work.
     You can be young or old, male or female, single or married,
employed or unemployed. It doesn't matter.
A WIN/WIN/WIN SITUATION!
     The government wins since the money must be refunded to it's
rightful owners.  The borrower wins because he or she receives
money the borrower is entitled to. You win because you receive a
generous processing fee. Everybody wins!
NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED
     The good news is that you don't need experience, or special
training. In fact, if you can read, write, and follow simple
step-by step instructions, you can earn lots of money in this
     That's where the REFUND TRACER PROGRAM MANUAL
comes in. It explains everything you need to know. It is a step-by-step
instruction manual that will show you secrets that will allow you to
start receiving cash payments quickly. Nothing will be left unanswered,
and once you have the manual, you will not have to purchase anything
else from us.
     Here's an example of what you'll get...
* An information-packed manual with easy to follow instructions.
* All government forms provided by HUD/FHA
* Sample letters needed to inform borrowers that you are a Refund
   Tracer and are willing to help them get what is due to them. Plus,
   all other letters you will be sending during the processing time
   period.
* A FREE STATE Listing for any STATE.
* You'll also have our technical support along the way. * SPECIAL BONUS " Personal Complete Guide to the Internet".
   This is a 175 page 15 Chapter E-Book that covers the whole Internet
   and it is yours FREE when you order our program within the next
   10 days.
     Here's some of what you'll learn...
* How to obtain names of people due mortgage refunds from HUD
* The easiest ways to locate those due a refund
* How to contact them to get an immediate response
* How to process the necessary forms so that refunds are promptly
  issued
* How to claim your share of their Government refund
   ...and much more!
     You can get started immediately without any special
training or education and our manual will show you how. You will
be able to start making money almost at once. You can get
started on a shoestring!!
     You will be amazed at how easy it is. Imagine, earning
hundreds....even thousands of dollars each week helping the
government refund money. It will give you a good feeling just knowing
you are helping people receive money they didn't know they had
coming. You'll be getting paid for doing it!
     In 1986, Congress mandated that HUD make available to the
general public lists of borrowers who were due refunds. We investigated
and discovered one of "The Best Kept Money-Making Secrets
In America". When I learned of the little-known Refund Tracer Program,
We knew it was just what we had been looking for.
     This is probably the easiest, 100% legitimate, way to make money
from scratch ever!
     You will find that...
The fastest and best way to make a HUGE amount of money quickly
is to trace people who have MILLIONS of DOLLARS in refunds due to
them and then claim YOUR SHARE in Processing Fees.
     As long as HUD/FHA continues to approve loans, the money will
never stop growing. Your money- making potential is endless! Every
month, thousands of names become available for processing, names
that are available for you to earn cash by helping borrowers receive
their government refunds.
WHAT COULD BE EASIER?
     Now just ask yourself, what message is more powerful than telling
someone that you are going to help them receive a substantial sum of
money that they didn't know they had coming? Believe us, they will
love you for it, and will be more than happy to pay your fee. But this
is only part of what makes this program so easy to use. Our manual
will make it even easier for you to get started earning CASH RIGHT
THE ULTIMATE WORK-AT-HOME MONEY-MAKER!!
     We know what you're thinking (it sounds too good to be true). But
believe us, it is 100% true and completely legitimate. Imagine a
money-making program that was established by the government.
You can do this right at your kitchen table, or if you have a computer
your even one step ahead. Let your computer start helping you make
some money, instead of costing you money!
     The Refund Tracer Program is recognized as an extension of the
services provided by HUD/FHA. This program is a gratifying way to
earn extra money, especially since you are also helping someone
else at the same time.
     The work you will be doing is simple, pleasant and absolutely
anyone can do it! Without any formal training or education, Refund
Tracers who have just started are earning $300 to $1,000 or more a
week! It depends on your determination, and how much you want
to make!  If you have any additional questions for us feel free to call us at: 216-226-8799.
     Please don't delay. The only way you can lose is doing
nothing, and that would be a shame. You owe it to yourself and your family. So act now. You'll be glad you did!  We give you everything you need to get started right away, including a FREE state listing Nobody can even come close to matching this offer.  Other people sell you the Manual then charge extra for the State Listing, not us.  We give you the whole business for almost nothing.       For a small amount, you can take a big step towards financial
independence. We're looking forward to hearing from you!
Plus, if you order the program we will personally assist
you with any ideas or questions you may have while
working the program,  so your not alone in this. We'll be
here to help you along you're way
           Below is an example of the State Listings.
        -----------------------------------------------
Smith, Joe      1626 Ansel Drive        441-024360  07/06/94
                       Dayton                        OH 45416   $1,800.00
Virgil Baker    804 10th Avenue         411-031524  03/01/95
                       Middletown                 OH 45042   $1,134.76
