
@_date: 1995-07-13 16:38:30
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: def'n of "computer network" 
Perry, I don't understand.  If the least significant bits in my gif file
follow all the "known statistical distributions", how can anyone know whether they are "just noise" or are an encrypted message, (asymmetric or symmetric, either one) unless they have the key?  Why can't there be public key steganography?  Perhaps existing tools are inadequate, but are they
impossible?  Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-18 08:01:38
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Zimmerman legal fund 
I had similar concerns last month, so I emailed the following to csn.net!dubois ("Philip L. Dubois")
I got back the following reply:
or at least hasn't >told us its decision if it has made one, we continue to
accept donations to the Zimmermann >Legal Defense Fund.  I've never added up
the total amount of all donations to date, but I >doubt that it would be in
the neighborhood of $50,000.  I can tell you that several lawyers >have been
working on the case and that all of them but me have done so pro bono, which
means >that they have not been paid.  Since I have been lead counsel and
have therefore had primary >responsibility for the defense, I have not been
pro bono, at least not entirely; I have not >billed for much of my time.  We
have no way of knowing how long this case will go on.  The >government could
tell us today that it won't indict, in which case it will be all over, or it
statute of >limitations expires.  Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-18 18:56:48
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Mandatory key registration 
In the event of legally required key registration,
I would like to continue to use PGP.  My private RSA key is my own business, so I would like to comply with the requirements by registering my IDEA keys instead.  There are approximately 2**128 of them, and
I'm not quite sure which one will be used next, so can I just register ALL of them?  Can I do this on-line?
If all the cypherpunks use the same key set, must we each register all of them, or will a single list do?
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-18 22:03:37
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Govt mandated key 
If I have to pay for each key that I use, then
I have a particular key in mind for my one time pad.  It's a single (trancendental) number that starts with a decimal point.  It's the binary equivalent of the decimal number:
I promise to only use this one key, and I'll just
select a random offset into it for each message.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-19 11:02:15
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Government Mandated Keys 
I want to register the 1-bit key of "1".  I expect to send about half my message bits encrypted, the rest will be Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-31 00:42:04
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: The little sex kitten 
Did you promise not to use strong crypto?  My (definitely NOT scumbag etc.) employer has notified all email users that email is NOT private.  As far as I know, (and I think I WOULD know) management has never examined email not addressed to them, but if they felt it was justified, I'm sure they would.  After all, it is their computer.....
Its not censorship when you refuse to pay for the podium!
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-31 00:54:16
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Sat phone permit "wire"taps 
Really?  Do you have a reference for this?  I am interested.
WOW!  Had them killed?  They WERE tried and convicted, you know.  Are you claiming evidence was manufactured?  I head David Khan on CSPAN say that at least one message mentions Ethel Rosenberg.  If memory serves, he said something like "without going in to whether evidence was sufficient to convict, and without going in to whether they should have been executed, these transcripts show that they were spying for the Soviets"  (I'm not sure that's accurate enough for quotation marks, but that's the basics of what he said.  I have it on VCR.
Do you have additional information?  I'll agree the FBI hasn't always behaved honorably, and maybe they aren't entitled to the benefit of the doubt here.
OTOH, actual, admitted facts to this effect might be a great reply to Mr. Freeh when he asks to be allowed to punish us when we make our mail so he can't read Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-07-31 20:07:13
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: hunting for no hole in PGP 
I have an idea. (many voices groaning...)  The "reduced keyspace" and the "subliminal channels" fear both come from the mysterious process of choosing the 128-bit IDEA key. The other bogeyman that I hear the most about in PGP is the public/private  key generation.  Random numbers scare people, including me.
Could PGP use and IDEA key that is the MD5 hash of the "random number" (the way it is currently calculated) concatenated with the message itself?  It would be easy to verify that the correct key had been selected.  It would be impossible for some "ghost" in the random number routines to use a predictably reduced keyspace, or to send subliminal data, because its output never (directly) gets sent.  Something similar could be done during public/private key generation.
Have the PGP folks considered doing something similar?  Sometimes this seems like a good idea to me, and other times it looks like useless effort and one more opportunity for something to go wrong.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-09-19 20:59:31
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: PGP back in legal limbo? 
So, I suppose this invalidates the RSA agreement that allows PGP to be distributed?  What "fortunate" timing for the pro GAK folks! Okay,
everybody in US, erase your copies, before the Feral government comes to get you.......
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1995-12-15 01:32:22
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Not just on-line, they also operate in untrusted (hostile?) Might a terminal also be able to monitor power consumption or electromagnetic emissions to obtain a more precise time estimate?
If I used my RSA card every day, (at a toll booth, for instance), and the "bad guys" pilfered an "exact" timing upon each use, how long before they could forge a signature?
That is useful, but if I know my card is stolen, I can presumably limit my liability by reporting it.  If I still have my card, but my secret key is stolen, then damage might be greater.
On another note, timing attacks would not seem to work against most DES implementations,  hardware or software.  The time to execute each round does not seem to depend on the plaintext or the key.  It could be made to, of course, but unless I'm missing something, the "natural" way to code it, or to construct hardware for it, is not time dependent.  Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-01-18 10:05:14
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: pgp broken? 
Well, he's wrong.  A one time pad (properly generated and used) is provably secure as the "most" secure cipher.  Speaking of "provably", ask him if he's sure that "triple DES with an RC4 overlay" is more secure than, say, "quintuple DES with an RC4 overlay" (since we're making up combinations).  I would be VERY interested in any mathematical proof or empirical evidence that putting the RC4 on top of the encryption would be more secure than doing it first or between the DES rounds.  Some pretty good mathemeticians have failed to produce such sweeping results (for the public domain, anyway.) Let's see if I have this right.  Someone with access to the internet claims
that someone with access to the DOD claims that some cipher system is good and
another is bad.  I have no reason to believe you.  You seem to have no reason to
believe him.  He does not seem to know what he's talking about, on a subject where a
great deal of effort is expended to promote confusion... I think I've got it!
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-01-18 05:12:09
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: pgp broken?: my mistake 
I apologise for including the following line:
Making it appear that Mr Atkins had something to do with the quote, which he did not.  After rereading, the entire post has a sort of nasty tone that I did not intend.  Oh, well,
maybe I should return to lurk mode for a while...
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-02-16 11:36:19
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Using lasers to communicate 
Dust will cause diffraction of the beam (at a reduced intensity, of course).  Near the source, a detector tuned narrowly to the wavelength of interest would probably succeed quickly.  If you have a line of sight channel, there are many other ways to signal that will preserve some deniability.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-02-23 22:19:16
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: A Challenge (perhaps!) 
This seems to me to be a perfectly valid point of view.  One absolute requirement of any decent cryptosystem is that weak keys be vanishingly rare.  This can be done if almost all keys are strong or if a simple procedure can be found to identify and eliminate weak keys.  Another absolute requirement is the ability to change keys.
It is also useful to be able to negotiate keys using procedures like Diffie-Helman key exchange.
Your suggested viewpoint shows very clearly why systems that depend on secret algorithm are often quite bad.
If you have the resources to adequately evaluate an algorithm yourself, (like the NSA does) you might gain some security by keeping your algorithm secret.  Even then, you would want a system that allowed you to change effectively.  My personal guess is that an algorithm that can generate novel, secure ciphers is beyond the power of any human agency, and will be for a long time.  Incidentally, since the "original poster's friend" knows the algorithm, and every person that ever uses this cipher will have a copy of it, why should I trust this cipher?  None of the other users know me, so they should never let me hack^h^hve a copy.  So, even if they have found a secure system, (which experience says is very doubtful) I couldn't possibly have any interest in it.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-03-22 23:21:15
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: A funny story [noise] 
Let me get this straight.  You performed a key exchange with
Whitfield Diffie?  His keys were publicly available, and you securely transferred them back again?  What a concept!
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-04-07 17:21:21
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: the cost of untracability? 
It wouldn't exactly have to be timestamped.  By convention, all interest bearing currency could be denominated as of some fixed date.  For instance, its future value as of Jan 1, 2200 A.D.  The issuer could then pay interest without knowing the date the currency was issued.  (Of course, some accounting rules are probably going to need changing, hehe) Neither the payee nor the issuer needs to know the actual issue date when settlement time comes.  When you buy a t-bill, it is worth some amount on some date.  You don't know when the previous owner bought it or how much (s)he paid.  The denominated date could even vary if it were "blinded".  As long as the present value of the ecoin is the same, the issuing institution should not care how it is expressed.  A variable interest rate scheme could even prevent an announced fixed rate from conveying clues about the issue date.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-04-11 15:21:51
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: No matter where you go, there they are. 
I have read that GPS uses encryption to place time-dependent, location-dependent inaccuracies into the signals.  Innacuracies small enough so they are not a problem for civilian navigation, (mostly) but large enough to prevent GPS from being a useful method of military targeting for anyone who does not hold the keys.
Perhaps Ms. Denning is suggesting that the US feral government could act as a "trusted server" (and she has repeatedly suggested such trust) and tell us whether a GPS that "thinks" it's at some location, right now, is REALLY at some known location.

@_date: 1996-04-13 11:50:48
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Entropy Estimator 
Hey, that's just what I need.  I have these two 8-million byte files.  One is a recording made by a geiger counter, every bit is uncorrelated with anything else in the universe and each bit is equally likely to be a one or a zero.  The second file is an IDEA encryption of all the four-byte numbers from one to two-million.
Here's my problem.  I can't remember which file is which, and I've forgotten sixty-four bits of the key I used to produce the encrypted file.
That's where your technique come in.  The first file has sixty-four million bits of entropy.  The second file has only sixty-four bits of entropy, total (the missing key bits).  Surely, your technique can tell me which file is which.
Estimating entropy can be difficult, and I don't expect perfection.
But any measuring technique that is not a complete HOAX must be able to clearly find a difference of six orders of magnitude.  If you tried to give me a ruler that couldn't detect the difference between a millimeter and a kilometer, I might think you misunderstood something about the concept of distance.  If encouraged me to use a clock that could not measure the difference between a minute and a year, many would conclude that you were not an expert in chronology.
So, if your technique is worth anything at all, it should be able to accomplish this easy task.
PS.  I think it is your patriotic duty to report this technique to the Federal government.  They frequently need to distinguish between ciphertext and just plain random digits.  A breakthrough like this would have a major impact on national security.  They might be willing to remove ITAR restrictions from cryptography, out of gratitude to the cypherpunks.

@_date: 1996-04-13 20:21:51
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Entropy Estimator 
I left the word "you" out of one sentence.  My line breaks are very strange.  I wrote "chronologist" when I meant "horologist".  I revealed a US-centric point of view, and I broke a New Year's resolution by contributing to the noise level on the cypherpunks mailing list.  But I did not forget to say:
Rick Hoselton
It's not really fair to call me crazy, just because one of my personalities is paranoid/schizophrenic.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-04-17 06:54:48
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
But even if it came from a completely random source, it would still make a bad one-time pad.  When people say "compressable" or "algorithmic complexity" or "random", a context is always implied.  In the context of "fair coin flips" the text of Hamlet is NOT compressible.
Because no string is more likely than any other.  Any algorithm that could compress that string, will, on the average INCREASE the length of "fair coin flip" strings it tries to compress.
Under the context of "pads that might be used for cryptographic purposes" the text of Hamlet is quite compressible.  An attacker is much more likely to test for such a stream than one that appears more random.  So, even if you got "Hamlet" from a perfectly random source, you should reject it for crypto There is an exception to this rule.  If you are so revered as a cryptographer that no analyst would believe that you would deliberately choose a
non-random pad, then it would be safe to use Hamlet if it appeared in a random source.
It is amazing that one's reputation can affect the randomness of the bitstrings one uses.  I have written a compressor that can compress ANY string to the single byte "X".
There are 2**n different decompressor programs, where n is the bit size of the original file.  All you have to do is specify the number of the correct decompressor program, and you have the original file.  Note that no computer is required for either the compressor or the decompressor.  (patent pending)

@_date: 1996-04-17 15:27:09
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
Are you sure you want to claim that the text of Hamlet would make a good key for a one-time pad?
Most unusual, and you're right, its inconsequential.  But if you use the text of Hamlet or the text of the Bible for your KEY to a one-time-pad,
you're very likely to get broken.  I think any pad that is likely to get broken is a bad pad.
But that silly cryptanalyst might not know that you got Hamlet from your random number generator.  He might think you copied it out of a book!  Then, Hamlet stops being a random number.  The context changes.
Suppose that somewhere on the web is an archive of "The Encyclopedia"(tm).
I could add a preprocessor to zip that would compare the input file to "The Encyclopedia".  If it finds a match, it outputs a zero-byte.
If it doesn't find a match, it outputs a one-byte followed by an ordinary zip file.
The decompressor compares the compressed file to a single zero, and if it is equal, accesses "The Encyclopedia" and sends it to the output file.  Otherwise it just unzips the rest of the file normally.
I now have a one-byte representation for "The Encyclopedia".
(by the way, this will work with 6 and 7 and 8 and 9 and 12-bit bytes!)
That's not really fair.  I took advantage of a particular situation.  But that's what ALL compressors do.  They take advantage of particular patterns. And patterns are determined by context.
This is where it gets interesting.  The "randomness" of "The Encyclopedia" depends on whether some archive is online!  If someone deletes "The
archive, or disconnects my communications, my special compressor stops working, and the smallest (reversable) representation jumps many orders of magnitude.  When the context changes, the smallest representation changes.
As you point out, when the Hamlet comes out of a good random number generator, it is just as random as any other number.  But I contend that when Hamlet can XOR with your ciphertext to reveal your plaintext, then Hamlet is NOT a random number.  When did it stop being random?  When then context changed.

@_date: 1996-04-18 04:45:08
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
... much deleted ....
I can agree with this.
I agree here too.  I've been stupid many times, but I never expect to see a fair random number generator produce Hamlet.  (I should live so long!)
And I could agree with this too, except that cryptanalysts do not consider every string to be equally likely.  If they did, they would never even bother to look at XORing a bitstream with ciphertext to produce plaintext.  This is true.  But it is also unavoidable.  Actually, I'm pleased to give up one-percent of my keyspace, if that's the one-percent that an analyst will check first.
Another example: What if I selected a nonsense passphrase, "Dagmar shaved Howard's cocker spaniel"  Not great, but adequate for my needs.
If, by some wild coindence, a book by that title became a best seller, I would change my passphrase.  A cryptanalyst who knew that was my feeling could
simplify his cracking by not bothering to search for best selling book titles.  On
the other hand, a cryptanalyst who was not so convinced of my paranoia, and who DID check book titles, would not find my passphrase.  I assume that BOTH philosophies would be used in a serious attack.  When I do the math, it says that, assuming BOTH types of attack are done, it is better to have a passphrase that is not the title of a book. Agreed.  And if that produces a "weak key" for your cipher, you'll get broken.
I agree here too.  But the analyst doesn't see the infinite sequence, only the number itself.
I am enjoying this discussion, but I feel like I'm running out of useful new ways to try to express this idea.  If I don't reply, it doesn't mean you have convinced me. :)

@_date: 1996-04-29 04:55:06
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Book: The President's Eyes Only 
I just finished reading "For the President's Eyes Only", a book by Christopher Andrew.  It describes the uses that US presidents have made of intelligence and intelligence organizations, from George Washington to George Bush.  What caught my eye first was a quotation by David Kahn that says: "This is the most important book ever written about American intelligence."
The cypherpunks relevance (Besides the David Kahn quote) is the frequent mention of NSA decrypts and SIGINT.  The frequency that nations and individuals have used (and apparently continue to use) breakable encryption is incredible.  The intelligence that has been derived by breaking them is worth a great deal, in dollars and maybe lives.  This book has made me understand a bit, why a government might try to limit strong cryptography.  I suppose I tended to look upon ITAR restrictions on cryptography as a sign of a power-hungry, self-agrandizing, government that has lost track of the fact that its legitimacy depends on protecting the blessings of liberty for its citizens.  That's partly true, but there's more to it than that.  After reading "For the President's Eyes Only", I can understand that many in government believe that they are protecting the public by outlawing cryptography.  After careful reconsideration, I still believe in strong free crypto, but it made me think very hard.
I think that some on this list and in sci.crypt should be ashamed of their ad hominem attacks in an area where reasonable people disagree. The crypto-game is being played "for keeps".  Someday, all crypto may be too strong to break, but for right now, many "bad guys" (and whatever your philosophy, I bet you can find some) use weak crypto, and this allows the US Govt. to know more about what goes on in the world.  As long as Uncle Sam keeps his finger on a nuclear trigger, I can see a strong case that knowing what he's doing and not getting too surprised are (mostly) good things.
There will be a price to pay when everyone uses strong crypto.  There will be great benefits derived, as well.  It will be very expensive, but worth it.  If we want to make it happen sooner, we should understand (and respect) our opponents in this debate.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-05-02 15:00:21
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: If the Net were an industrial city... (nee: Freedom and security) 
Its also a college town.  And a publishing center.  Then there's the warehouse district, and the post office.  There's also a thriving import-export business.  No wonder the political big-shots back in Atomland wish they could annex Cyberspace.  I predict that these attempts will succeed about as well as the European colonization of the Americas.  (ambiguity intended)
That's how boom-towns start, allright.
We have streets all over the place.  From here theres a 56Kb lane road that's even fairly well paved.  But they mostly lead to "Atomland expatriot hobbyists" and a few service subsistance farms.
It always starts with a barter economy.
It will be a while, but someday folks will say:
"Save your greenbacks, Atomland will rise again!"
and they will be wrong.
Coming soon.... Virtual Food!  Okay, maybe I got a little carried away....

@_date: 1996-05-07 17:32:33
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Disappearing Cryptography 
A book by Peter Wayner (pcw of interest to cypherpunks.
(OK, cypherpunks mailing list subscribers then)
There is more info at Peter's home page:
 but I couldn't get to it when I tried just now.
I got my copy from Border's in Houston on Sunday.
He describes mimic functions, a particular interest of mine.  He also covers basic encryption, error correction, secret sharing, compression, context free grammers, anonymous remailers, reversible computing, etc.
There is an evaluation of several stego packages, and an inclusive (there isn't enough published about steganography to call it extensive) bibliography.
The presentation is at an introductory, but not trivial level.  I wish there had been more technical explanations, but I suppose the author would have lost a sizable fraction of an already tiny audience.  By the way, "the people who participate on the cypherpunks mailing list" get a nice "thankyou" in the preface.
Rick F. Hoselton  (who doesn't claim to present opinions for others)

@_date: 1996-05-09 14:10:50
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: self-ratings 
Not me.  If someone doesn't want to be offended, then I would rather they never read anything from me, ever.  I share family, race, culture, and backround with my father, and there have been times when I offended him unintentionally.  One person liked me enough to marry me, but I occasionally offended her, too.  Imagine how easily I might offend a stranger.  Better to take no chances at all.  If somebody wants a rating system, then they should
just consider everything I have to say as "X-rated" in EVERY category, just to be
safe.  And that's a policy that everyone on the net should follow.  If this self
rating system becomes mandatory, I think the cypherpunks should cooperate fully, by notifying ALL sites that are not self-X-rated if they can find ANYTHING that ANYONE might EVER find offensive.  Better safe than sorry.  Nobody will be prosecuted for saying they have an offensive site, even if they don't.  Imagine a prosecutor trying to prove that NOBODY could POSSIBLY be offended by my newsgroup postings!  But many people will be prosecuted for not identifying their sites as offensive.  Now, if everyone follows my advice, the net may become very boring for those who have their filters set on, but congress will NEVER make "being boring" against the law.  If mandatory-self-rating ever becomes the law, cypherpunks can definitely promote true justice by strictly interpreting it and supporting it completely.

@_date: 1996-06-01 12:46:15
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: someone to "educate" 
At 07:31 PM 5/30/96 -0700, you quoted someone:
Perhaps you could ask whoever sent you that message for their home phone number, address, and Visa Account number, to be  posted to this newsletter.  After all, if they are sure this is a good policy, and they are not ashamed of it, then the individuals who authored it have nothing to hide!
If they really believe what they say, then they won't mind.
I, for one, am waiting.

@_date: 1996-06-04 10:05:55
@_author: rick hoselton 
@_subject: Re: Saw this on CNN: Anonymous Stock tips over IRC as bad??? 
Suggestion  Never get your legal advice from cypherpunks newsletter.
Suggestion If you absolutely can't resist going against Suggestion  then listen carefully to Perry.
As just a lowly programmer around here, I have often been told that I would be breaking the law if I trade on some piece of information before it becomes public.  I am not such an "insider" that I must register my trades 90 days in advance.  I've read the actual statute. (though I am not a lawyer and, these days, even lawyers don't know what a law means until the final verdict)
You might also want to ask Ivan Boeskey(sp?).  I think he's out of Federal prison by now.  He's the guy that cut a deal with the Feds to give him time to sell a few billion dollars worth of stock before being arrested, so that he could pay his fine.  Once he was arrested, the value of those stocks fell.  It looks to me like he and the Feds traded on inside information so that he could pay his fine for trading on inside information.  He still went to jail, and he had enough money for good lawyers.  Imagine what would happen to me!
