
@_date: 1993-10-22 11:38:17
@_author: "James K. Huggins" 
@_subject: Clipper Chip report on 700 Club today (Wednesday) 
Let's be honest, though ... the "Non-Religious Left" is interested
in the same thing (though in different ways).  Just about everybody
in politics wants to change something or other.
It ain't just governments that oppose the religious right.  There are a lot of moves on college campuses lately to kick conservative
religious groups off campus because they aren't PC.  I can easily
see a time when having cryptography might be very useful to me if
the administration at my university starts grepping my e-mail
to see if my group meets the latest PC test.  Sure, the US government tends to like Christian folks right now.
But there are lots of governments around that don't -- ask people
who live in Muslim countries where being a Christian is illegal,
punishable by death as heresy.  Any applications for cryptography there?
The problem ain't with privacy ... it's with what do you with privacy.
Should we all have microphones installed in our homes because the
privacy of my house out in the country means that I can beat my wife
and no-one will hear her scream?  The problem isn't that my house
is private ... the problem is that I'm a jerk.  So make being a jerk
illegal and forget the microphones.
Disclaimer: I don't have a house or a wife, and 4 out of 5 officemates
don't think I'm a jerk ...
Jim Huggins (huggins

@_date: 1993-11-11 11:59:32
@_author: Jim Huggins 
@_subject: Clipper and the "Christian Right" 
You mean "their past track record that I don't agree with."  Sure, many excesses have been committed in the name of the "Christian Right"
(whatever that is ... I'm supposedly a part of it and I've never seen
a coherent definition of what it is).  But the "Agnostic Left" has
probably committed a few excesses in its day, too.  Frankly, a coalition with people from a wide variety of political backgrounds
can only help to make the anti-Clipper cause seem more respectible.  Otherwise, the anti-Clipper folks might end up sounding like just another
liberal protest group, and be treated just like any other lobbying group.
Not really.  From my experience, the "Christian Right" is composed of
conservative Christians -- both Protestant and Catholic.  It's only in
certain parts of the country where conservative Protestants and
Catholics are unfriendly ...
--Jim Huggins

@_date: 1993-11-11 12:03:32
@_author: Jim Huggins 
@_subject: Clipper and the "Christian Right" 
Owen Rowley  > From: clark (Clark Reynard)
Oh, come on now.  You give the "Christian Right" (and I still don't know
what that means) far more power than they have.    There is this popular
notion that the "Christian Right" has some master agenda that all conservative Christians buy into blindly.  That simply ain't so ...
just as there isn't a single master cypherpunks agenda agreed on in this list
(complaints by Mr. Detweiler notwithstanding).  Clark Reynard has rightly pointed out that some in the Christian Right
agree with the cypherpunks on the need for legal cryptography and that they
might be able to help in the fight against things like Clipper.  Why that should bring out deep-seeded hatred against the Christian Right
for unrelated offenses or differences of opinion is beyond me.  Isn't
it enough that we could agree on this one issue?
Let's try to make this issue non-partisan, OK?
--Jim Huggins
