
@_date: 1992-10-13 05:02:06
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Mr. Squirrel?  Just who is whom here? 
Hal is somewhat right, anyone can use 'Secret Squirrel' and anyone
can use any public key they want also.  So, in a many-to-one scope (as
in a maillist) where the sender can not use the one-on-one signed
signiture method how do we have proff of who the sender really is?
  Maybe public forums are just not places where it is easy to verify
the identity of a speaker?
  A second thing that Hal's comments bring up is that we were reading
the From: headders and ignoreing the keys.  In good crypto-mail
readers the key ought to be checked against our own data base of
others keys and the result added to the hedders as say:
or some such rot.  I wonder what is more important, who I claim to be
in a random message or what key I include...
  New keys ought for an ID (or new ID's for the same key) should be
added to the data base as well.
  But all this needs to be done automaticly by the mailers and
interfaces, else the system will be mis-used and folks will tire of
the extra work that gets them little advantage.
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1992-10-13 18:58:39
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Matching Text, Headders and Signatures with Crypto Hashes 
A genral and powerful method of makeing sure that Headders, Bodys
and Signatures match is to use cyrpto-checksums.
  For example in NetNews I proposed changing the MessageId: headder
such that part of the gobldyguk on the left side of the atsign was a
crypto hash of the body of the message and some of the important
sending host generated headders.
  With this system of MessageId:'s anyone who corrupts a message
(intentionaly or otherwise) creates a bogus message, as the next
machine that gets the message can see that the message does not match
it MessageId: line.
  So, if we design the signature system right (with a field for a
crypto hash, or some sort of secondarys signatures to in efect counter
sign various includes such as the plain text) a plain text message can
be signed in such a way that you can be sure that the text is the
right text and none other.
  This can be sent over the airwaves as it is not hideing information
but proveing that it is the right information!
  Systems like this would be *very* usefull right now, are simple to
do (with good advice from Crypto Math types) and usefull to everybody.

@_date: 1992-11-16 19:11:21
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Idea on Random Number Generators 
The problem with Diodes and the like is that it is possable to
induce a pattern into the output of these things.  Well, might we be
able to look at how and set up a counter such that if the open end is
held high on one diode it gets driven down on a second circuit which
get added togethor before we go onto to 0/1 ballencing?
  Next I would set up a drifting clock rate on the device reading the
diode, this messes up many efects of interference and might help look
for induced patterens!  Hey, imagen a random number generator that
tells you when the bad guys are trying to influence your random

@_date: 1992-11-17 01:21:53
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Random Numbers Boxes and Cypher Processers 
Ok folks, sounds like its time to look into the guts of Telebits and
XyZel's and see if we can make cypher-processers of them.  Both have
real CPU's and DSP's, what more do you want?

@_date: 1992-11-17 04:00:36
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Random Numbers Boxes and Cypher Processers 
Folks had been talking about doing some crypto things in custom
hardware about the size of a Telebit.  Telebits are just computers
with ROM's in them and since Telebits are falling behind the tide of
telecommunications I thought it might be nice to reporgram them as
remote processers.  The DSP's are quite fast and might give us very
nice random numbers, the box has buffers and a CPU that can do flat
out UUCP 'g' with compression so is likely more processer then most of
the Fido systems out there currently.
  All around a nice box sitting there wasting, waiting to do something
  So, maybe hook up the modem with a shielded cable, cut/add something
on the phone side so one of the phone line DSP can get random garbage
(it might be much easyer then that once someone looks at the design of
the things), reporgram the ROMS to add random noise software and maybe
even do some number crunching for you (lets see a T2500 has three
DSP's in it?) for encryption/decryption.
  This is all a bit far feched, but as time goes on there will be lots
of discarded Telebits (can't do V.32bis, V.fast, FAX, Voice, DSU/CSU,
etc.).  XyZel also has a smart modem that one can blast ROM's for.
  Just something to think about on rainey days...

@_date: 1992-12-02 04:49:15
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Help with the contents of the Cypherpunks Mail Archive 
As I said I would at the last 'in person' meeting I am starting up a
mail archive of usefull things for old and new Cypherpunks.  At first
we will have a few files that can requested over email, ftp and more
complex files sturctures might come later.
  The most important files that needs to get built are the FAQ
(Frequently Asked Questions), the Glossary and the bibliographys.
These need to be done keeping in mind who we want to reach, the
programmer new to crypto systems and useage.
  This is a group effort, if you have a good definition of a word send
it to me, I will likely use it!  If you think you can do a great job
of describeing one of the questions from the FAQ in a page or so,
whip it out and send it to me!  I will compile/edit what ever comes my
way into the right place in the archive files.
  Once we have a good FAQ then when new folks join the list we can
send them the FAQ to read and get them up to speed that much faster.
This will mean that we will have just repetition on the main list and
therefore a better signal to noise ratio!
  So, go over the list at the end of this email message and see if
there is anything you want to tackle, and if there is write some of
that English code!
ugh Daniel
Propsed contents of the Cypherpunks mail archive.
Beginers Anotated Bibliography by Subject
FAQ --- A beginers guide to Cypherpunking

@_date: 1992-12-28 01:32:42
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: A solution remailer signature suppression 
There are very good reasons to build remailers (and all mail tools)
to pass on all the bytes they can, trailing spaces and .sigs included.
  Might I sugjest that we set up the remailers with a feature where it
tests mail sent from its owner to make sure there is no "compromising"
content and that the outer shell verifies correctly, if it fails
either of these tests it is dumped in a file and a note returned to
you saying someings not right.
  This has two good features, first you know that what you send out is
good looking stuff and that if someone complains that its likely the
falut of some machine between the two of you and not you.  Second
this gets folks running remailers everywhere just as part of the
infrastructure of using cryptoware.
  Does this sound like something we can build upon for everyone?
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1992-12-29 16:16:27
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Crypto Bus to Winter Usenix in San Diego 
[The Bays (SF and Monteray) area CypherPunks are thinking of takeing
a bus to Usenix, if you don't live near the Bays you might want to
ingore this message.]
  Ok a bus will cost about $2500 round trip (keeping the bus in the
parking lot for the three or four days of Usenix).  If we get 20
people to ride the bus the cost per person is about $125, if we get 30
folks the cost per person is about $83, both of these are ROUND trip
  If you are interested in rideing the Crypto Bus I need a commitment
from you as to a price point.  If you are willing to ride the bus at
say, $115, then send me  (and NOT the group!) email
saying what your price point is and if we get enough people then we
will do a bus.  I need as many commitments as possable this week
(before the new year) to get a bus reserved, if you don't read this
before the new year then respond on monday or tuesday next week.  Late
commers will be taken on a first come first served basis, if there are
enough folks to do a bus in the next few days.
  Bus will leave SF Bay area and make a day trip into Mexico, and
return to SF Bay area.  We get to stop and eat where we want!  If you
are willing to leave early Sunday, Monday, Thursday or Friday so that
we can do a long streach of Mexico coast or something please include
that in your email to me.
  If you have questions please feal free to contact me.
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1993-01-12 13:10:47
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Crypto Bus is not going to happen it looks like... 
So far I have gotten three (3) positive replys to rideing the Crypto
Bus to Usenix, thats about $800 each round trip.  Unless I get an
avalanche of riders in the next couple of days I am not even going to
try to get a bus.
  If you need to know more about the idea of chartering a bus for bay
area folks (and anyone along the way) to Usenix, contace me.
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1993-01-12 14:39:03
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Cascading aliases with ID forwarding re-mailers 
I suspect that a ID creating forwarder should _never_ send the ID to
the user, as someone might be looking (both the current plain text
replys and traffic analsys are problems).  If the user wishes to know
their ID then they can send a message to themselvs, and read the ID
off of that, right?
ugh Daniel

@_date: 1993-01-26 18:37:41
@_author: Hugh Daniel 
@_subject: Remailer Changes 
Why are you retaining the Subject: headder line?  If I want a
ugh Daniel
