
@_date: 1996-03-09 04:34:18
@_author: Henry Huang 
@_subject: Re: Vexatious Litigants  (was: SurfWatch) 
Thanks for the clarification.  However, this line of argument applies
only to "third-party" ratings systems.  Right now, Microsoft/RSAC/SurfWatch
and SafeSurf/Cybersitter/etc. are setting up competing standards which would
essentially force people to "self-rate" their own sites, or else be blocked
out by browsers configured to reject unrated sites (a feature Microsoft plans
to add to its Internet Explorer).
The question I have is if these systems were widely implemented, could
an Web page author or provider of content be sued for "mislabeling"
their page?  If so, under what circumstances?  Could the RSAC attach
legal requirements to the use of their system, and open up such a
loophole (similar to how Sun attaches conditions to the use of its
"Java" logo)?
If it's possible, the implications of this are pretty dire.  The RSAC
itself reports that many retailers refuse to stock software that's not
labeled according to their standards.  If Web sites were similarly
coerced into not only labeling their pages, but abiding by any arbitrary
conditions attached to *use* of those standards, things could get pretty
ugly.  Hell, who needs the Gov't when industry can censor more efficiently?

@_date: 1996-03-28 09:26:23
@_author: Henry Huang 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD UpDate 
ITAR is going to be a mess either way.  If the CD is put together outside
the U.S., you'd have to only use non-U.S. executables/source (or else
put site owners at risk of violating the anti-export language in the
ITAR).  Of course, a lot of people don't take this seriously, so pick
your poison ...
I'd argue that having a slightly out-of-date CD-ROM is better than nothing,
- It gives you an idea of what sorts of crypto applications are out there,
- It gives you working versions of programs without having to crawl
  all over the Net hunting for one,
- If the authors are smart they'll include URL's to an update site
  in the documentation (or the CD-ROM producer can do it),
- Not everyone out there is Net-savvy, or has the time to go trudging
  around looking for the latest cutting-edge versions of software.
  Time *IS* money.
I'd almost argue that Tim's emphasis on using the Web to get crypto
assumes a sort of Net-centric view of how the crypto is going to be
used -- similar to reported provisions in the Leahy bill.  The idea
that people who just want to encrypt personal data might not need the
latest versions of everything out there is reasonable -- as long as
the latest versions aren't BUG FIXES.
In that case, Tim's argument about stale versions would carry some
merit.  But this is the case for ALL non-Net distributed software; you
don't see companies refusing to cut CD-ROMs simply because they're
worried their users won't be able to get the latest bug fixes.  In the
ideal case, they'd do the best they can to make sure that people did,
but you have to be realistic.
(Of course, if you're cynical, and believe that software companies
care more about money than about helping their customers, then it doesn't
matter.  ;)
Um, whatever.  If you have a CD-ROM, you'll at least have SOME idea of
what software is available on it.  Not so with the Web (unless somebody
wants to do the equivalent of this CD-ROM and put together a page with
a HUGE number of links to crypto programs -- not to mention the protections
necessary to avoid violating ITAR, e.g. the anti-export measures built
into the PGP distribution site)
Plus, comparing the speed of a CD-ROM to a modem is like comparing the
speed of a station wagon to a skateboard.  CD-ROMs aren't exactly fast,
but they sure as hell aren't anywhere near as slow as the water-torture
speeds of your average v.42bis modem.
I don't buy this.  Many of the well-known/widely-used Net-distributed
crypto apps haven't put out updates for a LONG time.  Even if it was the
case that they were throwing out bug fixes every two weeks, my previous
comments still hold.  (And anyhow, you probably wouldn't WANT to have
software THAT unstable in your collection anyway.  ;)
I'm starting to think that the question of whether this CD-ROM is useful
depends on who you're selling it to.  People who hang out on Coderpunks,
or are "in the loop" as to version updates and crypto sites won't want
this.  People who want to buy the CD just to be "cool" aren't an issue.
The SOHO market (i.e. people who don't normally use the Net, and who
ordinarily wouldn't care too much about crypto) seems to be the ideal
target.  But how do you sell a piece of software to an audience that
doesn't know it needs it?
Perhaps this could be a chance to spread the gospel, so to speak.  However,
that would mean the CD would have to be designed around these people --
i.e. for ease of use, etc.  These issues have probably been beaten to
death a long time ago (e.g. PGP shells), and shouldn't be too difficult
to resolve.  The multi-platform stuff (DOS/Mac/**IX on one disc) will
be harder; you'll need to code a different interface to the CD for each
As would I.  But we're "in the loop".  Many people aren't.  And the real
issue being addressed here (getting easy-to-digest crypto to the masses)
is a lot more difficult than just pressing a CD-ROM.  Ben may need to
rethink his strategy on this, in terms of how to most effectively promote
this CD to that market.
Hmm, do I hear a volunteer for writing that Crypto Software Web page?  ;)

@_date: 1996-04-18 04:14:24
@_author: Henry Huang 
@_subject: Re: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
"As bad"?!?  Actually, it's a good deal worse.  See below.
Well good.  Better nonstandardized chaos than a single, arbitrarily
defined and applied system.  (Ref: "Parental Advisory" stickers, which
were IMHO totally useless, and a doomed concept from the start.)
I think that if there's going to be ratings, better to have lots of
different organizations reflecting different tastes and mores than
one organization reflecting political pressures and prejudices.
(No real crypto relevance in the concept per say, but perhaps in
the application (as Bill pointed out with the PICS excerpt).)

@_date: 1996-04-19 03:44:36
@_author: Henry Huang 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Death Penalty for "take me of" messages? 
Someone suggested that certain people were being signed up on Cypherpunks
as part of a two-fold spam attack:
1.) in order to flood victim's mailbox with Cypherpunks' Welcome messages,
    and list postings,
2.) to re-direct victim's ire at the Cypherpunks list,
thereby killing 2 birds with 1 stone.
Hence, the "Death Penalty" may be jumping the gun, so to speak.  ;)
Not sure how one would go about looking into this, though.

@_date: 1996-06-04 06:59:42
@_author: Henry Huang 
@_subject: Re: Security of PGP if Secret Key Available? 
If someone else has your secret key, it's safe to assume you're toast. ;)
Better a new key and revocation certificate before the forgeries start
(or before someone ELSE does before you ... ).
More specifically, if you've failed to assign a passphrase to your
secret key, you ARE toast, because anyone can just pick it up and use
If you did use a passphrase, it becomes a question of breaking either
the passphrase, or the IDEA algorithm used to encrypt your secret key.
It's usually a lot easier to break the passphrase than it is to brute
force IDEA.
See the PGP Passphrase FAQ
and Arnold Reinhold's page (
for more details.
