
@_date: 1997-10-11 18:16:02
@_author: Ian Brown 
@_subject: Re: PGP CAKware & IETF controlled Open-PGP standard 
Yes, but as Adam says, the average Mr. Windows can not. In any case,
this is not a narrow technical argument. Of course any system with
multiple recipients can be turned into GAKware. The point is that we
don't want to make it ANY easier for anyone to do so.
Again, as Adam says, how long would it take for a government to
introduce legislation making this mandatory once PGP 5.5-type systems
took off? Or, more insiduously, using its purchasing power - "Federal
agencies will only buy CAK-enabled systems" - to ensure the vast
majority of systems did so.
Can I take this one up ;-) The point is, with *communication* keys,
corporations will have full access to the plaintext because it will be
decrypted by the recipient as soon as it arrives. I appreciate your
point about corporations being able to read *their* documents - although
doing so by snooping, without the sender's knowledge, is rather
unethical to say the least - but I don't think they have the right to
snoop on all *incoming* communications, whoever they may be from. This
is the really scary part of PGP 5.5...
...because PGP 2.6.x does not include an SMTP automatic snooping agent.
Absolutely. Can we start with Adam and William's proposal that we should
have three separate types of key: communication, signature, and storage.
This would be very simple to implement; probably the easiest and most
backward-compatible way would be to define a new packet type specifying
a key's usage. Absolutely. I can see the point, and appreciate the difficulties faced
by PGP Inc., in most of the CAK features of PGP 5.5. But I just can
*not* see how the twisted idea of the SMTP snooper ever came about.

@_date: 1997-10-15 19:14:42
@_author: Ian Brown 
@_subject: Re: proposal: commercial data recovery 
Whatever you do, the recipient has the plaintext (has the argument
really descended to this level?) As Ian Grigg has pointed out, there are
*no* technical means a message sender can employ to stop the recipient
'violating their privacy'. You are splitting hairs again. As Adam has
repeatedly pointed out, there is no problem with flagging on a key that
the message may be read by someone else. This is actually more honest
than a scheme where 'this message can be read by key X' flags are used;
once the recipients have the plaintext, they can give it to whoever they
like to read. Adam's scheme does not put in place an infrastructure
which encourages automated snooping. It leaves it entirely up to
separate organisations as to whether they implement data recovery. Have
you *read* Bruce Schneier's post on how quickly GAK proponents in
Washington have picked up on this? Are you proud to have provided an
argument for S909? Are you happy to have the NSA using you as an
argument that GAK works?!!!
Adam's design does NOT "encourage automated violations of the sender's
privacy" - that I would reserve for PGP 5.5. You split hairs yet again
by claiming PGP 5.5 is "a simple system... wherein all recipients are
under the sender's control". As Adam has pointed out in his "many
posts", it's not much use letting the sender remove the extra recipient
if they know the message will then simply be bounced. Adam's request for
you to remove these fields make the system simpler. His communications
key idea adds additional security, but that is the only reason for the
increased complexity - an *additional* security feature.
This argument is exhausting. You may not give two hoots what I, or Adam
Back, or any number of people say. But could you not at least listen to
Schneier, who you must admit is quite an authority in this field? Even
if you *were* right, you have not managed to convince him. Do you really
think it's going to be good for PGP Inc if he recommends that clients
and anyone else who asks should not use PGP Inc products?

@_date: 1998-12-08 01:59:22
@_author: Ian BROWN 
@_subject: Re: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
Unfortunately, not yet. The European Commission has proposed amending the Dual-Use regulations to allow the free circulation of crypto products among member states, while extending controls to 'intangible' goods (i.e. Internet downloads). Until then an export license is required. Licenses are granted more readily and with fewer conditions (e.g. permitted end uses) for exports to other EU nations and Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland and the US.
Amazing the minutiae you have to trawl when co-authoring a paper on crypto export controls ;)
