
@_date: 1995-08-03 17:03:51
@_author: "Ian S. Nelson" 
@_subject: Re: Noise: PBS under the Republicans (fwd) 
[bs deleted]
Why am I seeing this with the cp list?

@_date: 1995-08-17 17:01:44
@_author: "Ian S. Nelson" 
@_subject: Re: More on Netscape 
That would be one key for encrypting, another key for decrypting and a third
key for encrypting again.  64*3=192.

@_date: 1995-09-04 09:42:04
@_author: "Ian S. Nelson" 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
Cryptography is a new science, it may be more effective to break in to an office
than to hack in to their computers, but maybe new discoveries will change that.
I think you are dead wrong.  The NSA has mastered the market psychology.
Who has defined all of the most popular standards? DES, DSS, ElGamal, SHS...
the NSA has had a hand in them all.  DES is by far the most popular cipher,
popular enough that it will takes years and years to switch to something new.
As for the clipper "fiasco,"  I would argue that it was an excellent marketing
move.  The NSA is aware that there is only a very very small percentage of society the thinks about crypto, with the internet and what have you it is now
possible for this minority to be heard, the NSA proposes clipper, and so we all
bitch about it because it's only secure against non-government attacks.  Now
the public hears this and resists clipper.  There isn't another product that is
winning support that clipper could have had.  You step back and look at it, and
the public is exactly where they were 5 years ago, no crypto.  Clipper was a no lose situation for them, if it is adopted only they can read
all transactions made with it, if it isn't adopted, everybody can read all transactions, they didn't lose anything. They have some top minds working for them, it's been proven that they have been
a few steps ahead of the public for a long time; it's foolish to think they don't understand the psychology of the market.  Just as the public starts to desire something like public key crypto, they can publish a standard on it
and it is likely to be adopted.

@_date: 1995-09-04 21:16:04
@_author: "Ian S. Nelson" 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
Well known that the NSA manipulated DES?  How so?  I am willing to believe that
they had a lot of say in it and they probably wanted it weakened, but I think
you'll be very hard pressed to find proof of that.  Based on some of the analysis of lucifer, it could be said that IBM weakened the key space to because that was a side effect of adding strength to the overall cipher.  Keyspace is just about the only weakness of DES, I don't think that can be said
about lucifer.
Interference is just noise, the NSA has pretty much pushed the market where they
want it to go.  If you think that is just "interference" then we use the word
differently.  If they are as powerful as we both seem to think (easily "interfering" with markets and screwing the public for decades) how can you underestimate them like
that?  If they are actually spying on us, then they know what moves we'll make
and they can always head that off, it's not slop pool.  If they aren't then I
don't know what I'm supposed to hold against them, I don't have to use their
standards unless I wish to export stuff.
This is true, they make long term industry standards that are short lived.
DES's keyspace was far too small.  Escrow isn't a great idea (excpet for signatures) ITAR is bullshit.
This is all hearsay.  I doubt that the mosaic designers have had any contact with the NSA unless they invented a significant new cryptographic technology,
all Netscape/Mosaic have done is implement existing technology.  They even
implemented SSL with the 40bit exportable key size using rc4, which is what the law says you are supposed to do.  Any netscape employees want to dispute this and tell me about your encounters with the NSA?
They have only lost credibility to the cryptographic community, where they
already had very little credibilty.  This is the point that we all tend to overlook.  Joe SixPack, doesn't know much about the NSA or cryptography, when
first told about them he tends to think that they are their to protect him and
doesn't think of them as an enemy.  The biggest accomplishment of the clipper
thing is that nobody (very few at least) are using secure public key crypto
and the few new people to the issue have no idea who to trust now.  If their
job is to listen to tranmitions, then their money was well spent because there
aren't many secure transmitions right now.  and since everybody is scared about
it there aren't likely going to be a lot of secure transmitions real soon.
I disagree, the NSA and MS have a lot in common, they both have defined shoddy
standards that we are all using for one part of our life or other.  We will
have to put up with both of them for a long time and both of them are anticompetitive.  If market forces were so much more powerful than the NSA can
understand, then why the hell are all the banks in the world depending on DES?
The NSA is only losing relevance with us, how many average folks even know what
clipper was?  We could even disregard the average people and just ask the computer users, how many of those 80million windows users know about clipper?
If it is enough for the NSA to "lose relevance" I would think this list with
be many times larger than it is. I take offence at that, I am not an apologist, I'm just trying to show the other
side.  We can't fight the NSA if we are all blind to what they do in the general
public's eyes.  For what it's worth, I can't think of a major commercial product
that uses cryptography that hasn't had the NSA's hands in it; that is pretty damn competent if you ask me.

@_date: 1995-09-12 10:27:17
@_author: "Ian S. Nelson" 
@_subject: Re: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
It could also be argued that the number of busts and wire taps will go up dramatically as more and more people begin to use communications in more integrated ways with thier life and career.  It is kind of a fallacy, but
communications does seem to be a rapidly growing market.  I imagine the folks
who push for that sort of crap are thinking of the future, else we'd already have it.
