
@_date: 1998-03-25 09:56:11
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: you petition who? (Re: I petition the Internet community to 
So what do you need, E-mail, web space, shell?
We don't do shit until we get a subpoena, then those darned logs on the NT
well they just seemed to have corrupted themselves.
Course, this is NOT a invite to hack and fuck around with networks.  I'll
support objectionable content, not pricks.  No advocating violence against
We host several of the white power sites referred to, we also host several
leftist political sites.
Right to freedom of the press goes beyond the government.  If private
business doesn't support freedom of the press, then there is no real freedom.
If any of you need accounts.  Drop a note.
Ian Briggs
Internet something or another.

@_date: 1998-07-14 11:33:58
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: No Subject 
Well since it looks like its a valid converstation peace here, I might as
well give ya my 2 bits worth.
Or by one of the weaselly marketers in a while.
Think of it.
You creat a site based on a recent headline making Internet first .
Then you spam the shit out of everyone faking like your the oposition.
You don't get nailed for spamming
you give your opisition a black eye
you artificially create a media blitz, since the news runs to cover this
confrontation between the relegious right and the new internet morality.
You get about a billion hits
you add one or two click through adds
or some other such thing to the web page
Here comes the big day
Bingo, a quick 30,000$ in your bank account.
You sell the rights to porn companies to include in their feeds
since there is so much product recognition.
smart little bastard
not that I am saying that is what is going on.
not that im cynical or anything....

@_date: 1998-03-20 14:32:06
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? / Re: Will New Sendmail Block Remailers? 
No, its actually theft of services.  Imagine if I called you collect anytime I was out and about and your phone
automatically accepted the charge.  Then I spent a couple minutes filling
you in on my day, and how I felt.
The end of the month you get a couple hundred dollar collect bill.  Not to mention that you don't have call waiting and there may have been
important phone calls that will have to call back later.
Then imagine I stole your cell phone to call you collect while I roamed
around other cities and filled you in on how I felt about the day so far.
And you used your Cell phone for work, and lots of people were calling you
but you weren't getting the messages, and you ended up loosing customers.
1.  ISP pay for bandwidth.
2.  Spammers relay through other ISP mail servers.
blackhole list.
3.  It wastes ISP time.
exactly what spam is, why they got it, etc. etc.
I know, im an ISP.

@_date: 1998-03-20 20:45:14
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: Fucking Sheeple / Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? 
Whine Whine Whine.
You want some cheeze?
Sweaping generality, yes those of us that want everything we don't agree
with put
under penalty of death.
No, wait.  Lets change that, we put those that don't agree with us on work
projects for the 4th Reich.
Yeah, thats what I really meant
but you have to look really hard into the message to find that undertone
or you have to be a shitneck.
1.  Its theft of services because its using my bandwidth to "harrass" my
2.  It may destroy my mail server.
3.  It may detrimentally effect the quality of my business.
4.  It destroys other ISP mail server.
So back to your normal ranting, as I doubt anyone doesn't have an
entrenched opinion concerning this.
Im not the happiest person to be inviting the U.S. Goverment into this
media, im pretty opposed to the U.S. Goverment in general and specific terms.
You want to know who we currently call for situations like this?
FBI, executive order gave them all venue over crimes on the Internet via an
executive order.
So guess what, the U.S. goverments already here.
I just don't want Joe Smoooze Dick the Marketing stud starting up his
garage business selling e-mail lists for $99, cause he can.
by the way, putting  in your return address
thats pretty tricky, I bet you have a business card
that says 31337.  I bet they teach that in all canadian
schools.  Elite 101.

@_date: 1998-10-05 17:09:59
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: odd comment 
A friend of mine works in an IT department
for a major tech company.  Three of the people in
his department were just transfered to their new contract.
They are rewiring some of the network for a highway system
in California that monitors for explosives.
Now, he doesn't know anything more than that.
In California there are several highway stretches that have large
metal telephone poles stretching accross the two right lanes
of a major three lane highway.  On top of the poles are two metal boxes about the size large bread boxes.
Now any idea what those boxes are?
and if anyone has heard of this monitoring system and if so
what agency is responsible for this?
Also does anyone know who is responsible for all the cameras
that now monitor the highways?  Almost every overpass in Sacramento
has one that views each stretch of the highway.
Welcome to 1984
as with all goverment projects, its a bit late and slightly overbudget

@_date: 1998-10-11 09:45:40
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: Here we go again... 
5 yard penalty.
Search for "Urban Myth Blue Star"
Welcome to 1984
as with all goverment projects, its a bit late and slightly overbudget

@_date: 1998-12-04 17:07:49
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: I Got Mine 
Yeah and active evil is better than passive good.
We should submit ourselves to what is Not the law
because we fear what is the law?
Thats a great world, where do I sign up?
Welcome to 1984
as with all goverment projects, its a bit late and slightly overbudget

@_date: 1998-12-15 13:34:54
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: The grandest jury nullification? - Irrelevant 
Has it occured to anyone that if Congress votes for censure, we will have
the fastest rulling by the Supreme Court that censure is unconstitutional
in the history of the U.S.?
Welcome to 1984
as with all goverment projects, its a bit late and slightly overbudget

@_date: 1998-12-20 15:30:22
@_author: Ian Briggs 
@_subject: Re: Open Letter To William Klinton (fwd) 
Great.  Expect a Secret Service visit from this e-mail
Im sooooo glad you thought you should share this with the rest of the list.
Can't wait to say "got mine" like all the rest of the cool people...
Welcome to 1984
as with all goverment projects, its a bit late and slightly overbudget
