
@_date: 1994-11-27 16:09:27
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Cell Phones Security?? 
*Sigh*  Alas too often true.
Even so, I am not at all convinced of the security of A5/1.  The version of
the algorithm which was "leaked" to the network looked like an undergraduate's
toy cipher, with (reportedly) 40 bits of key entropy at best.  I have spoken
to two people who are officially familiar with the cipher, one of whom
led me to believe that the leaked version was genuine, and the other who
said it was a very early design and bore little resemblence to the final
released A5/1.
Four other observations don't lead me to have much confidence in it:
1. The reason for it remaining confidential has gone from it being too
   secure for the public to see, onto it being too insecure and thus needing
   a security by obscurity protection.
2. The cipher design process was quite contentious, and had the involvement
   of a lot of people who did not want the public to have decent security.
3. The cipher was originally a French design.  Disregarding the well-known
   hostility of the French government to domestic cryptography, I read a
   rather interesting comment in "Tower of Secrets" (written by a former
   KGB cipher-expert) that he wouldn't defect to the French because their
   ciphers were an "open book" to the Soviets.  Note that this was at the time
   that the KGB computer base could be counted on one hand, and they certainly
   were not in general use.
4. Although a lot of countries are not happy about it, it looks like A5/1
   will be allowed to be imported into China.
A5/1 was described to be as a cipher suitable for "tactical security", where
the tactical value of the information transmitted encoded with it was
only usable for less than six weeks.  I really would like to ram this comment
up Telecom's advertising department, which describes conversations over
GSM phones as "unbreakable".
A5/1 is the "strong" version, A5/2 (formerly A5/X) is the crippled version.
According to the person I spoke to at Austel, base station equipment which
implements A5/2 is just not available, and so everyone is installing A5/1.
All three carriers in Australia use A5/1.  I confirmed this via Austel,
not via the carriers themselves.  Telecom and Optus did not get back to me
with an answer, although the Optus reps gave a valiant attempt.  The Vodaphone
people quite rudely told me that this information was "classified", and that
I wasn't allowed to know.
I've heard rumors of a Xilinx-based GSM cracker, but I've never met or
spoken to anyone who has actually seen one, or anything more solid than
a rumor about the device.

@_date: 1994-11-27 22:39:02
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: School Admins 
What would be cute would be to roll-your-own enigma using a series of
standard Unix filters.  It would seem moderately straightforward to
maintain rotor files which are fed into tr, while using cut's and
simple appends to move the rotors.
I'd like to see them go chasing anyone by removing that set of standard
Unix utilities.

@_date: 1994-11-28 19:57:52
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Need program pointers 
What worries me about most of these PC "DoD" file erasers is that
I am reliably informed that on at least one occasion, 11 generations
of data have been recovered from a generic SCSI hard disk.  It was
a very unusual circumstance (suspicion of data leakage from a very
high security site), but I find it difficult to take 5-pass programs
very seriously.

@_date: 1994-11-29 19:46:06
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Security Services 
Secret Service Files Lost in Blaze,
by Cameron Steward (Foreign Affairs Writer)
"Hundreds of top-secret documents relevant to the Federal
Government's inquiry into the Australian Secret Intelligence
Service were destroyed by a fire that swept through the ASIS
headquarters in Canberra at the weekend."
"The fire has erased highly sensitive ASIS files and archives
that detailed the activities and operations of the troubled
spy agency over the past decade."
"The blaze is a big blow to the Government's inquiry into
accountability and management of ASIS because it destroyed
many of the records needed to adequately assess the organisation's
"But despite the suspicious timing of the accident, the Government
does not believe it was arson and says that the blaze appears to have
been sparked by an electrical fault."
"'I can confirm that the fire broke out at 2am on Saturday morning
on the fourth floor of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade
Building,' a DFAT spokeswoman said."
"'The damage appears to have been fairly extensive and is believed to
have been caused by an electrical fault.'"
"Sources yesterday said the area damaged by the blzae was far greater
than was originally revealed by the authorities, with the initial
damage estimate of about $200,000 ballooning to at least $1 million."
"The fourth floor of the DFAT building has housed ASIS for years."
"One intelligence source said last night that it was 'highly
coincidental' for ASIS to experience such a fire in the midst of a
Government inquiry into its operations."
"It was rumored yesterday that the fire also destroyed thousands of
files that the service was alleged to have kept on Australian citizens."
"Two former ASIS officers alleged in March that the organisation illegally
held files on thousands of Australian citizens, despite the fact that
it is not part of its role involving gaining foreign intelligence."
"The former agents also claimed ASIS has bribed politicans in Malaysia
and had helped British Intelligence obtain confidential information
that harmed Australia's interests."
(Small note here which was not in the article: the ASIS jargon for MI6
is 'head office'.  Many of the officers were trained by MI6.)
"The allegations by the  former officers prompted the Government to conduct
an inquiry into the control and accountability of the organisation."
"The inquiry, headed by former NSW Supreme Court judge Mr Gordon Samuels,
is also examining the 'protection of ASIS intelligence sources and methods'
as well as the 'resolution of grievances and complaints relating to ASIS."
"The inquiry has been in progress for several months.  It is still
taking evidence and is due to report to the Government early in the New
This article was transcribed without permission from the paper, for the
purposes of research and study as defined in the "fair use" provisions
of the Copyright act.
Yet another depressing but compelling reminder that our privacy has as
many enemies within the Government as without.
BTW, this was the same TLA which I mentioned some weeks ago in connection
with the bungled raid on the Sheraton Wentworth Hotel.

@_date: 1994-11-30 14:19:31
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Security Services 
My recollection of the DFAT building was that it was quite old (by
Canberra standards, which means built in the 1950's or so), but reasonably
well maintained.  Most of the bus tour operators will point out the
fourth floor anyway.  It's good touristy stuff.
You are.  ASIS bungled a training exercise, at the Melbourne Sheraton,
which led to an embarrasing public disclosure of the organisation's
existance.  It was pure keystone cops stuff.

@_date: 1994-12-01 14:53:53
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: More on ASIS... 
I was told this morning that the ASIS post had been reposted
to several other lists, including several social ones.  Interesting...
Anyway, there was a followup to the incident on the radio this
morning (2BL, is anyone was listenning):
Gareth Evans (Minister for Foreign Affairs) has announced that no
documents were irretrievably lost in the fire, as everything which was
lost in the fire was also duplicated elsewhere.  In addition to this,
the fire is being referred to the ACT coroner's office, as despite
the original claim by the Federal Government that there were no suspicious
circumstances, the Australian Federal Police have decided to do pursue this
action.  It is not clear yet whether this is a matter of proceedure,
or whether suspicious circumstances are suspected.  The government's
original claim was produced with surprisingly little time for investigation,
it has been noted.

@_date: 1994-12-06 13:51:57
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Dec. 10th Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting 
There isn't a chance that this could either be taped or broadcast, is there?
This sounds like it will be a fascinating meeting, and deserves a wider

@_date: 1994-12-06 19:37:18
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Dec. 10th Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting 
Yes, although many of us are at the end of links too slow to even get
reliable audio, let alone video.

@_date: 1994-12-06 23:08:02
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Good times virus thing-a-ma-bobber 
The Internet Worm used the sendmail DEBUG mode to execute commands on
a remote system.  It did not propogate itself via email messages, which was
what the original (ridiculous) warning claimed.
I can't feel a lot of sympathy for people who took this announcement
seriously.  Such stupidity reaps its own rewards.

@_date: 1994-12-07 19:11:58
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking the NSA 
I am told that a similar trick was tried by some people back in the
early 1980's, when they were trying to figure out if the NSA could
indeed break DES.  There was no official response to these attempts.

@_date: 1994-12-11 15:42:22
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: A few articles of interest... 
Whoops.  I have a nasty feeling that a brushed key might just have sent an
unedited version to the list.  If so, my apologies.
GOST is not a variant on DES.  It is the Soviet equivalent of DES.
The algorithms do have some similarities (eg. the use of S-boxes to provide
diffusion), it is a Feistal network, but is in other ways interestingly
different.  I believe that it has been undergoing quite a bit of Western
cryptanalysis over the past year, although I have not seen any results as
IMO, one of the most interesting features of GOST is that the S-boxes
are not specified in the algorithm's definition.  Apparently you had to
apply to the government for them, and they would respond with ones they
wanted you to have.  It is presumed that the security of the ones you
were given depended on how much they trusted you, and how much they wanted
what you were protecting to remain a secret. I recall that Matt (?)
posted a set of standard non-classified (probably low-security) Soviet
S-boxes for GOST a couple of months ago.

@_date: 1994-12-11 15:56:29
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Articles on RC5 and GOST in January 95 Dr Dobbs Journal 
Now there's an interesting thought...
Many of you will remember the heady days of the early 1980's, when it was
customary for PC magazines to include substantial amounts of code in their
pages (often 25% or so of the magazine).  This all had to be typed in by
hand, and especially in the case of BASIC programs (there was only BASIC
in those days really, it was the lowest common demoninator) containing
machine code, they would also almost always have checksums to make sure
that what was typed in was correct.
This was never a lot of fun.  I did it a few times myself.  That cured me for
life from repeating the exercise.
Around the mid 1980's a rather interesting device appeared.  It was essentially
an automated scanner for high-density barcodes.  You photocopied the magazine
page containing these 25 cm (or whatever) barcode strips, which you fed into
the reader.  It scanned the contents of the barcode, and voila, a working
program.  At least in theory.  The downfall of this system is that the reader
cost several hundred dollars, and almost nobody could afford them.  It never
quite caught on.
Even so, I really wonder if the export of cryptography ON PAPER but in a
machine-readable form would be in violation of ITAR?  If anyone has one of
these old scanner, it might very well be worth trying.

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:46:00
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Time to exhaustively break 40-bit RC4? 
No, because as you're doing an exhaustive keysearch, you can "pipeline"
the key generation process in software.  Each key requires 256 swaps,
certainly, but there are only two swaps difference between the key
for "0000000000" and "0000000001" (assuming a 40 bit key).  If you
recursively generate keys, then you can generate successive keys
like this:
1. Copy the keystate from iteration n-1 (keep the partial keystates
   on a stack).
2. Do the swap for this portion of the key, and for 255 out of 256
   keys, you will have a new one in 2 swaps.
(In reality, it would be faster to undo the last swap rather than copying
the key, and keeping the swaps on a stack rather than the keystate on
a stack.  These are implementation issues I haven't given a huge amount
of thought to as yet.)
Unless there is some hidden complexity which I have overlooked - in which
case I will be delighted to stand corrected - this will produce a key
fast enough to allow an average workstation to search the 40-bit keyspace
using a known plaintext attack in a couple of hours or less.  If this is
the case, 40-bit RC4 might as well be crypt(1), and 48-bit RC4 looks
pretty shakey too.
I was planning to code this over the xmas break, dependent on whatever
other commitments fall on me during that period.  I realised it was possible
a couple of months ago after pondering ways of parallelising the RC4 key
generation process in hardware.

@_date: 1994-12-12 17:16:20
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Time to exhaustively break 40-bit RC4? 
Actually, it's a bit more than a "little bit of hardware".  One of the
interesting realisations of pondering VLSI crackers was how much chip
real-estate storing 2048 bits of laregly static internal state required,
disregarding the size of a 2048 bit bus (remember "transistors are cheap,
wires are expensive".)   All transfers would have to be multi-cycle
operations, which adds complexity due to the need to time and synchronise
these transfers.
It's by no means impossible, but the design of such a device is
certainly not a trivial exercise in engineering, and I would never call
the result a "little piece of hardware".

@_date: 1994-12-13 15:50:06
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: More 40-bit RC4 nonsense 
It could also be because they've made an investment in custom hardware
to "crack" RC4 by justifying it in terms of the volume which will result
from the special export status, whereas the volume of sapphire use they are
expecting is lower and so they'll be using off-the-shelf systems to
decrypt any streams seen from it.

@_date: 1994-12-13 16:04:08
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: IDEA freeware 
I contacted Ascom-Tech regarding the purchase of a single-user personal
licence to use IDEA.  The provisions were fairly standard (ie. no guaantees
of any kind), and the price was 90 sFr.

@_date: 1994-12-14 15:07:47
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: rad 
A couple of months ago there was some discussion of this on sci.crypt,
as it is widely known that most the the TLA's do have Internet feeds
nowadays.  The main reason why noone from the NSA comments is simply because
there is a perception that anything they say will be taken as NSA policy,
disclaimers notwithstanding.
Whether this would really happen is debatable, although my personal feeling
is that it probably would.  In an informational vacuum, people tend to jump
to all sorts of conclusions based on inadequate evidence, and this situation
would be no different.

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:26:35
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann Defense Fund Appeal 
Very true.  Try as I might, I cannot think of any legal system in the
world where a large amount of money cannot buy justice... or injustice.

@_date: 1994-12-18 15:38:34
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Processing data, information and knowledge 
I always imagined that the development of the algorithm itself
predated email, and started back with cable and telex traffic.
Has anyone got any further information about how this algorithm works?
It sounds like Rishab has somewhat better info than was publicly
available months ago when we last discussed this particular NSA
"technology transfer".

@_date: 1994-12-18 18:24:01
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: The NEXUS-Berkeley Presents: a New Years Party 
You've got your timezones wrong here: we on the East coast of Australia are
currently 19 hours ahead of Berkeley, and so we'd need to be there at 3 PM
on the 1st of January.  Your new year in Berkeley will be 7 PM our time, and
as the television fair will surely be woeful (has-been British and American
actors in tired New Years Day Specials), I am sure that at least a few
of us might be looking for other amusements.
I'll be off recovering from the previous night, but others may want to
get involved if you want to include Oz members.

@_date: 1994-12-19 14:30:47
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Pgp in Europe 
As has been discussed many times before, it is not that clear cut.  Legal
opinion I have gotten said that the US government would almost certainly
consider its laws violated if a "foreign national" fetched a piece of ITAR
controlled software from a US site, although it's ability to prosecute
would be limited _until_that_individual_entered_US_territory_.
That's a big gotcha, folks.  Let's not forget Phil Z's recent experience
with US customs.
The legal opinion I have gotten also suggested that traffic passing through the
US (but not having a source or destination with that legal juristiction)
is a very grey legal area, and even might depend on whether the signal
travelled via satellite or cable (there might even be loopholes if it went
over US territory - via a satelite link - rather than travelling through it
via landlines.)  Non-deterministic routing also would make it difficult
to prosecute, although the fact that they are investigating Phil for writing
the software makes me wonder just how much reality is involved in their
decision to proceed with legal action.
I personally would be extremely cautious about fetching anything from another
country unless that country specifically allowed export of crypto software.
Fortunately, most European countries do, and there are several good crypto
sites there.
   "I speak only for myself."

@_date: 1994-12-19 15:12:57
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: NSA's text search algorithm 
You can rule out both of them on the grounds that the original release
claimed that it was ammendable to hardware implementation.  I speculated
some clever form of CAM plus stats engine.

@_date: 1994-12-22 20:07:48
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
What a load of amoral rubbish.
Cypherpunks is a group whose members believe in the application of
technology to PROTECT privacy, not to violate someone else's.
Once you assume that capability implies right, you're on very
shakey moral ground, but that is exactly what you are saying in this
post.  I find that position repellent, and I would be very surprised
and not a little disappointed if you find many others here who felt
the same way.
Possibly.  IMO, what the original requester was asking for was so
repulsive and immature that the responses so far have been mild.

@_date: 1994-12-27 16:10:36
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Please indicate where I said or implied this.  Possibly there is such
a thing as the "greater good", but I have seen it used too many times
to justify the applications of someone's personal beliefs or (more commonly)
phobias and personal problems to the world at large.  It's not a concept I
have a lot of respect for, purely on this basis.
Personally - and let's face it, none of us can express much more than
a personal opinion - I think the best that any of us can do is to base
our decisions on individual cases, which seems to have been what has
happened in this case.
No I don't.  On the other hand, I am sure that a whole load of judgement
calls go into the selection of individuals or subjects which go onto
Agreed.  But that doesn't mean that the way you go around investigating
attacks on protocols and cryptosystems is to help a fairly pathetic
individual violate someone else's privacy.  To me, that just doesn't
I never said we should not discuss it.  But I do say that IN MY OPINION
the original poster who wanted help was a pathetic little slime, and that
IN MY OPINION, shouldn't be assisted to do anything.
Generic attacks on Norton's Encrypt are "valid" subjects for cypherpunks
discussion, which I would have thought goes without saying.  An even
better outcome would be to provide the girlfriend with some indication
of the true security against attack she is getting from the program,
and to replace it with something better if it turns out to be
I suppose that would depend on what the individuals concerned perceived
as the consequences of their action.
So?  Based on past conversations and discussions, many of us are here
because we don't like the idea of organisations or individuals being
able to arbitrarily violate our own privacy.  Speaking for myself, I know
that I have had my privacy violated on a couple of occasions, and have
become convinced that technical solutions are the way to go about it.
But it does not follow that I should help someone violate another's
privacy.  It seems that some people feel that their own privacy is
inviolate, yet others are fair game.
Well, wartime attacks like these are usually motivated by the belief
that a lot of people's lives depend on the success of the venture.
Whether this is true or not is debatable, and the lives in question are
usually on one side only.   I personally do not find the comparison
to be valid.

@_date: 1994-12-27 16:23:06
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Of course.  Whose are you speaking for, if not your own?
I agree.  I thought that it was rather obvious that all of us are
speaking for ourselves.  My statement of position was based on my
perception of the original list statement of intent, and the
discussion I have seen over the last six months.
Possibly you did, although I question whether the two are incompatible.
Rubbish.  Nor do you seem particularly backwards at being judgemental,
or are you applying a different standard to the issue of what is
right and wrong to discuss as you are to the original discussion?
I don't recall anyone who did mention censorship.  I saw a lot of people
suggesting that helping the original pathetic individual was not a
good idea, and then several howls of outrage accusing these people of
censorship.  There is a difference between non-disclosure and censorship,
and its not an arbitrary one either.
But isn't that exactly what you're proposing?  "Get off the list because
your position disagrees with mine."  Sounds like censorship to me,
except that "Black Unicorn" is the one deciding what is acceptable.

@_date: 1994-12-27 17:39:30
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Making sure a program gets to the receiver intact 
The ftpd's that implement the directory-change messages is not a standard
one, and that functionality has been added to the servers which support it
(possibly Linux ships with wuftpd, but no commercial version of Unix I know
does.)  The extended servers are very widely available, and although they
do make ftp so much nicer to administer, they are not as widely deployed as I
would have expected by now.

@_date: 1994-12-27 18:08:12
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
Some time ago I looked at tripwire, and wondered if a personal version
could be produced which would allow a similar function to be performed on a
system which had a hostile sysadmin (a position I was in a few years ago,
and it's not pleasant).
The problem is that although you can protect the data file of hashes (by using
a pass phrase to encrypt it), protecting the binary which does the checking
is rather more difficult.  Sure, you can checksum it and lock that checksum
in the encoded file, but a hostile attacker could make the self-check a
special case which always returns good, and then snaffle the pass phrase.
Once they had the pass phrase, the protection is dead.
Over lunch (ie. warning, not a lot of thought given to this :), I wondered
if you could do something like this:
Have a simple bootstrap loader, and the encrypted main program.  The
bootstrap loader asks for the pass phrase, and decrypts the main program
and runs it.  The main program checks the loader for modification, and
if there is a problem, refuses to go further with a indication to the
original account owner (eg. overwrite the main program with one which
simply prints "Main prog hacked at ".  If all is well, the main
program asks for a further pass phrase to the data file, and goes off to
check all of the files in the listed areas (for the moment, the details of
how it does that is not particularly relevant - all I am concerned about in
this post is the protection of the binary).
Obvious Attacks:
1. Attack the main program.  You can't, because it is encrypted (presumably
   with some sort of hash in there too), and so you can only trash it.
2. Attack the loader.  This is possible, because it is in plaintext form.
   Dangers:
   a. The attacker may get your pass phrase.  However, when the main
      program then sums the original loader, it will notice that
      it had changed and won't go further.  Your pass phrase for the
      main program has been compromised, but the data file remains ok.
   b. The attacker may get a copy of the main program.  That's fine,
      because the main program won't run (see above), and the user
      will be warned.
   c. (The main danger).  The loader program loads the main program,
      but before copying itself back it replaces the trojan version
      with the original image (possibly even resetting the timestamp on
      the file).  This is a problem.
3. Attack the datafile.  Same a (1), really.
4. Attack the running image.
Both 2(c) and 4 are the main problems.  Using gcore or procfs the malicious
system admin can grab a running copy of the binary, and do what they like.
There are many tricks to avoiding the danger of 4 (which applies to all
crypto code running on hostile systems), but all are just that: tricks.
They can be overcome given enough time and motivation.
But 2(c) is the hassle, as there is no obvious way around this, and it is
quite easy to do.
Anyone got any good ideas?  I have a lurking suspicion that there are no
solutions to this problem, and we're down to the same issue of securing
the transport system which delivers a binary (which is not possible in
this case).
Just an interesting diversion over a very boring lunch....

@_date: 1994-12-27 19:08:10
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
I take it you mean recompile the binary every time?  Because you'd
need to have source around to recompile it from, and the attacker
could modify that source even more easily than he or she could hack
the binary.  The idea is to make tampering with the binary detectable.
Ultimately, the aim is to make it too difficult to break and thus cause
most people to give up.  I am pretty much certain that to make such
a system perfectly secure under these conditions is impossible.  What I
am aiming for, I suppose, is to make sure that there are no trivial attacks
which could compromise security.  If you've got a system admin who is
willing and capable of hacking exec in the kernel, then it's time to
move systems. :)

@_date: 1994-12-27 21:39:09
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
Irritating, and also insecure (system admin intercepts the upload and
replaces it with source of his or her own).
As has been stated, it's a matter of defining a threat model.  IMO,
the most likely threat is from pass phrase grabbing (from a sniffer,
annex box or whatever), which destroys the security of almost all of
these schemes.  Modification attacks are possible, although I doubt
that the lengths I have described would be useful.
As a serious project, though, a personal version of tripwire would
not be a bad cypherpunk project, and possibly a nice testbed for working
out some anti-tampering techniques.
Is there a standard proof for this, though?  I suspect that there is, but
have not discovered it.

@_date: 1994-12-28 14:10:49
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Are 2048-bit pgp keys really secure ? 
Just a mostly-irrelevant aside...
A somewhat disturbing trend has appeared in the low-end cost-sensitive PC
SIMM market.  Some supposedly 9-bit SIMMs are actually 8-bit SIMMs plus
a parity generator.  This means that the parity checking is essentially
subverted, because the parity bit is generated from the stored contents
of memory at read time, rather than the stored contents when it was
written to.  As such, NO bit errors are detected.
These SIMMs are almost all being produced in Taiwan, and many have the
parity generator marked so that the chip appears to be another DRAM.
It is worth watching out for.
Why are they doing this?  Well, parity generators are much cheaper than
the extra DRAM, and so the manufacturers are saving 15-20% on the production

@_date: 1995-01-12 21:46:02
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto functions 
Using which S-boxes though?  Matt posted a set a while ago, although
I suspect they were the ones the Soviet public got, and probably not
overly secure.
Add the latest (91 I think) version LOKI to the list.  Only a 64 bit key, but
still not bad, reasonably well studied, and free.

@_date: 1995-01-12 22:01:10
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: FBI and BLACKNET 
Although the FBI only have juristiction within the US, it is quite possible
that they would have files containing information about non-US nationals
if they were involved (perhaps even peripherally) in domestic FBI
I wonder what would happen if a non-US citizen logged an FOI request?
Has anyone ever tried?

@_date: 1995-01-15 15:56:47
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Draft of editorial to SF Chronicle 
It would probably be more accurate to say that there was little condemnation
of this action, and quite a groundswell of support for the move.
Perhaps mention the Russian coup, where the net became a conduite for
information leaving Moscow.  I remember a colleague of mine announcing
incidents which had occured within Moscow hours before the news services
broadcast them, simply by getting emails from a colleague nearby,

@_date: 1995-01-15 16:56:51
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto functions 
Well, I wasn't the original person who said that they wouldn't use it,
but I would agree.  It's too new.  It looks very good so far, but until it's
been through a lot more analysis than Blowfish has received so far, it is
too much of an unknown quantity.

@_date: 1995-01-23 14:10:47
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: Anti-porn conference in Manila 
Please substantiate.  I am aware of no government funding to the
Anglican Church in Australia.
When I went to school (government school) the religion taught depended on
exactly who they could get to teach it.  If they could get COE, they got
COE.  If they could get Catholic, they got Catholic.  If they couldn't,
the rest of the kids got shoved into whichever group seemed most
appropriate, or allowed not to attend scripture at all.  This led to
some interesting mixes, and some interesting people to teach it
(my favorite was a guy who had been in the Belgian Resistance during
WWII, and had been war-wounded by a German soldier.  It took us the
whole term to get it out of him that he'd been shot in the butt.)
I'd also point out the funding to private religious schools does not
discriminate on the basis of religion.  Hardly indicative of a state
religion, surely.
And if it doesn't, it's not a duck.
Hmmm... try as I might, I cannot think of a recent decision which
received any specific denominational influence.  Even the Festival of
Light is becoming a political irrelevancy.

@_date: 1995-01-29 16:03:30
@_author: "Ian Farquhar" 
@_subject: Re: CERT statement 
To a former employer of mine, security meant using the word "security"
in as many reports as they could.  The management never committed
resources to it, and didn't seem to have a grasp of even the most
basic concepts of it, but as long as they said "security" lots of
times, they felt that they had it.
Unfortunately, this seems to be a fairly typical state of affairs
in many organisations.
