
@_date: 1996-07-28 22:58:38
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Schelling Points leads to interesting family investment opportunities 
Hi Tim,
you said:
This reminds me of the transactional theory of business units.
Working from memory, the optimal size of a business unit is
positively related to the cost of the transactions conducted
between units, other things being held constant.
Thus, in a place where it is "expensive to do business" the
dominant form of company will be large.  Conversely in a
cheap business environment, small companies will predominate.
This notion spurs one to examine the transactional costs and
to decide (or not) to lower them...
The interesting part for your family context is that falling
transaction costs have purportedly produced a shift away from
large companies to smaller units.  Those falling costs are in
the sphere of digital communications, other technology, and
regulation.  If such were to apply to the context of families,
upbringing children and education in general, one might
predict that the size of the family should shrink.
In a sense we might have already seen this.  The extended
family is really just a memory for most westerners, but is
still the norm in poor countries.  And I guess we have seen
a strong increase in the number of single-parent families
in most western countries.
One would then be lead to ask, if you are proposing that
Internet technologies in general and crypto in particular
are influences on the Schelling points related to the family
rights set, can this result in smaller family units?
That is, the cost of providing (net) education falls, and
the ease of crypto communication allows children to grow up
as individuals in the big wide Inter-world rather than the
If I were permitted to ramble without judicious limit, I would
talk about the economic unit becoming a single person, and that
person becoming responsible for their own success, regardless
of their age.
In this view of the future, a child is an economic unit, and is
responsible for his own education, and thus must learn for the
future.  Obviously there is a bootstrapping problem here previously
known as birth, and this could be addressed by well-meaning
investors purchasing educational rights to a mother's future child
(in effect, buying an unborn baby).  The child then becomes the
ward of the investor, who attempts to raise the child to produce
the maximal return.
Of course, in order to eliminate the distorting effects of
love and child-like whims (I don't want to log into teacher
today), there would have to be a free market for raising rights,
based on caveat emptor examination of progress.  Thus would be
exist an informational approach to encourage the child's
attention to books, and of course, towards a successful career
as an investor in the youth of tomorrow.
This would also allow specialisation of investment, those that
concentrate on the early years, those on the teens and those
that reap the final rewards of first productive working years.
The arisal of these strata would lay to rest for ever that
old saw of the economists by showing that there is no market
failure in education, and thus no need for regulation.
And in answer to those anticipated questions from concerned
parents, no, I don't have any children, and yes, in the new
world, senior citizens can contract to investors to provide
granny services, so that they won't be unemployed.
But perhaps I should really have placed a judicious limit
on my ramblings :-)

@_date: 1996-11-18 09:12:04
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Bounties: Another Thought that crossed my mind. 
snow said:
Hmmm.  This is a one shot game (is that the term?) whereas software
generally has implications that escape a single sale scenario.  For
example, the more difficult the software, the more risk there is that
someone else will beat you, thus lowering the real risk-adjusted payoff
dramatically.   For this reason, more complex stuff would need some sort
of contract+reputation scenario that allows a repeating game to work.
A contractual alternative could work like this.  I (the initial desirer)
write a contract specifying my requirements.  I publish this as a market
tender, where other desirers can contribute funds, and this becomes a
cumulative sum that grows.  Programmers can offer to supply by naming a
price.  The market clears when the pot of desire equals or exceeds the
lowest offer to supply.
In a simplistic scenario, the contract is now sealed and the work is
done and paid for.
In order to overcome project failure, I could write my contract as a
multi-supplier seed project (often done by governments).  That is, the
pot gets shared around, say, the three best alternatives.  Once
supplied, all are free to pick from the alternatives.
In order to overcome the low silly bid, somehow reputation would have to
be built into the market.  That is, your efforts in the past as
programmer will cause your solution to be better valued than mine.
So perhaps we should turn this around.  Programmers would write
contracts to supply the given requirements at clearance+T, also
specifying the clearance price.  Your price is 2000 for the widget, mine
is 1000.  (That makes three contracts, a widget spec, my work plan and
your work plan.)  The market (the desirers) would then push funds back
and forth between the two until it became clear that one or the other
cleared.  As more pressure increases, more funds pour in.
Then, deliverables could be phased, with monies similarly phased, so
that the market has a chance to monitor.  Now, if it is not delivered,
reputation suffers, and you have to lower your price for the next job
(or hide in shame).
There's a lot of aspects of newbies and switching funds that I havn't
really thought through here.  However, I like this viewpoint because it
eliminates the need for judges.  History shows that a good market
microstructure will beat an authority approach in the long run.
Also note that if you drop the free software assumption, and make it,
say, moneyware, then the market becomes much more workable - the asset
being traded is a share of future revenues.  This has more ramifications
than might be obvious:  Propose a market to write a GAK killer for
e$10,000.  If it clears and is built, is the Dept. of Justice forced to
buy the rights out?
I don't know if this has been proposed before, but it is a logical
conclusion of the CP world.  If the Internet transaction costs make
single-person economic entities the most efficient unit in the machine,
and e$ in all its forms provides the oil, then we need some way to
connect up the parts for grand projects where there are hard cash
incentives.  There has to be some mechanism to distribute that cash in
the most efficient manner to produce the result.
BTW, this is a here and now issue, not a hypothetical future.  We have
already found that there is too much work on our plate, and limited
efficiency in farming it out.  Others may have found the same.

@_date: 1996-11-19 06:16:42
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Bounties 
What you are essentially doing is buying reputation I guess, although I
am not familiar with completion bonds, so I the following is mostly
conjecture on their nature.
There are two major feature/bugs with the completion bond.  Firstly, it
requires the bonding company to make a judgement, and this adds a weak
point into the link.  That judgement will then result in a lot of
emphasis on the fine print of the contract, and fundamentally, software
doesn't work very well when fine print gets involved.  The notion of
"completion" especially sits oddly with the scenario described, where
freeware of mostly source form gets distributed to a wide group of
programmers who can adjust minor problems fairly easily.  I would guess
that when EDS delivers a product, there are completion ("penalty")
clauses, but when the Internet was "delivered" there was no such clause.
Secondly, the existance of an intermediary points to a major
inefficiency in the market.  Whilst your joy at paying intermediaries
may vary, historically, intermediaries follow a pattern of building
barriers to entry, raising charges, and slowing innovation.  This is
theory that is generally applicable in practice, and it is for this
reason that the emphasis in my post was on removing the single point of
guaruntee.  In the context, I would also question the nature of a
financial entity that was willing to sell its reputation to
By aiming for no single point of judgement, the only solution that we
found was to rely on a multi-shot game, with past reputation leading to
up-front payment leading to confirmation of reputation.  As it happens,
the bonding companies will rely heavily on reputation as well, in its
varying forms, anyway.
snow originally asked:
Yes, I saw that earlier post, and did a quick search for it but no
luck.  If any one can point us at the paper, that would be useful.
On a slightly related note - is there any interest in setting up a
mailgroup for programmers and designers of markets?  There's plenty of
cash stuff out there but I know of no forums for trading of fungible

@_date: 1996-11-26 10:56:43
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Bounty Server, Revisited. 
Hi, Snow,
Wow, you've gotta move fast in this game :))
[chop where agreed or not disagreed]
OK, although for my model, I am assuming that all forms are covered.
Separate this out, for clarity of model.  The initiator (I used
Proposer, and called her Alice coz Alice always initiates) proposes
the specification, or task.  There is no need for Alice to submit an
initial bid, although they have that option, as a buyer.
BTW, bid to do what?  Using market terminology, I have assumed thay
bid is to buy, that is provide cash.  Offer is to sell, that is provide
software.  Ah, yes, bid is add to bounty.
This is where I have put most of my efforts, because I need to design the
microstructure that is built into our market.
Absolutely - let the market decide.  Some of us, for example, do not like
  [chop]
This worries me.  If I, as a junior programmer, am looking to enter the
market, I will have the daunting task of beating everyone else.  Real life
doesn't work that way - there are ways in which I can pick up some newbie
tasks for low money, so as to build up experience and/or reputation.
I guess the notion of bounty is just that - first one takes all.
However, I think that the solution might be a bit limited in the
long run.
Interesting in that my proposal leads to task distribution by awarding
contracts, your proposal leads to task incentives by rewarding speed.
OK, my proposals specifically assume no need for a "decision" by Alice.
That's not to say either is right, it's just that I prefer to design
something that eliminates the individual decision rather than cope
with the complexities.  I believe it will result, in the end, in a
more efficient market.
Same as above, no adjudication in my system.
Although, it is possible to add underwriters,
by simply making the task offerers (Bob and Carol)
into bond writers who front for programmers.
Wow, *gotta* move fast.  As I say, our stuff is based on a lot of
pre-existing software, so we make a lot of assumptions.  Given our
different approaches we may end up with competing systems rather
than one, but that's fine, indeed highly valuable as an experimental
What's financing you in this?  Or should I say, monetarily enthusing?
I have started writing (last night :)) this all up as a paper for
presentation to FC97.  If you want, we could collaborate, or I will
just document your efforts, and concentrate on presenting mine.
My efforts are now at

@_date: 1996-12-02 09:54:31
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Working Draft: "Using Markets to Achieve Efficient Task Distribution" 
Our paper on "Using Markets to Achieve Efficient Task Distribution" is
now on the web at
    as a working draft (please don't quote or disseminate - it is now "under
offer" for FC97).
I, at least, am going to have a break from paper writing and go have a
go at coding it, and all the other things in the queue.  However,
comments are most welcome.  Thanks to everyone who has commented so far.

@_date: 1997-11-06 09:39:55
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
DEFCON IV was well before FC97.  This was an issue I was chasing Eric
Hughes on.  As far as I understand it, this was unpublished in any form,
just presented, but many people have saw it (must have been a big
conference :-).  If anyone knows any different, please let me know
(except, "get in touch with Eric" because that was not resultful).

@_date: 1997-11-18 20:43:04
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: cryptx spam - des-based program. 
Bill Stewart said:
Sheez, not only spam, but perverting our good name!  Cryptix is good
strong stuff, they are simply hoping to confuse customers by dropping a

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:07:00
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: cryptx spam - des-based program. 
I'd be interested to hear your reasons for this.  Is it a comment on
crowding or on the use of the generic?  Looking at your page, I guess
it's the overcrowding:  Crypto++ CryptoLib CryptLib Cryptix.  Try
swapping the columns to intersperse the crypt-cartel.
Of course, successful names and generic roots soon get copied.  Back in
the good old days, there were so many companies with words like micro
and soft in them that it was confusing.
These days, branding has moved away from techno-terms, probably as the
industry becomes more mainstream.  Crypto is still not mainstream, but
if the USG silliness continues, it will become a more mature industry,
and there will be less need to convince the managers that a crypto
package is only good if it has the word crypto in.
As the industry matures, the original, successful brands will survive,
even though they might be inappropriate for a new entrant.  For e.g.,
Microsoft and General Motors.

@_date: 1998-01-25 00:51:30
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: cryptix java AES effort 
Adam kindly forwarded the AES quest blurbs to interested and/or
interesting groups.  Some slight clarification is required in the detail
of who and what.
Adam said:
A slight modification:   Systemics provided, in the past tense.
It was always the belief of those at Systemics at the time that selling
crypto was extremely hard without contacts into big companies (in which
case, you weren't selling crypto...).  When Cryptix stabilised it was
published as freeware with a BSD-style of license, with the hope that
other people would pick it up and start to work with it.
With the Java library this has happened.  There is now a team of between
4 and 10 people,  depending on how you count them, scattered across the
globe, improving the core Cryptix code.  Over the last year or so, we
codified the notion of the independant group working around the library
as the Cryptix Development Team.  That is now spreading through the
( There are a few issues such as copyright and the brand name, which are
beyond the scope of   this email.  Whilst Systemics is not entirely
passive in this area, it does not sell Cryptix code, although it might,
and does, sell services such as improving Cryptix code.  Also, those who
work/have worked at Systemics are also part of the team. )
The AES quest is a Cryptix operation.  I.e., Cryptix Development Team,
and not Systemics.  It is a completely unfunded (although sponsorship
would be appreciated) and volunteer effort.  Whilst the NIST people earn
a salary, and most of the cryptographers are employed in this capacity
as well, there is no especial interest in employing programmers here, as
any rational company will simply wait until the winner is announced,
sometime in the next millenium, and then employ an expert at $300 per
hour to tell them all about it.
Rationally or otherwise, we still need programmers to code up the
algorithms and prepare them for submission to NIST.  For many
cryptographers, it is beyond their efficient capabilities to know much
about the downstream discipline, so it makes sense for them to outsource
the work to a team like Cryptix, especially as NIST has loaded up the
submission requirements with 3 separate implementations.
If you're thinking now's the time to branch into Java crypto, read the
blurb and mail us.  The rational part is that if you start now, you
might be earning fat fees in a few years time.

@_date: 1998-09-08 06:41:35
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
As secrets go, this was not a big one...  The main thing that is
meant to be confidential was the nature and names of our clients,
and under normal business practice, they hold the option(s) on PR.
I don't think anyone should need to die to protect that, as even then,
their main issue is (probably) not revealing a relationship with a
product until it did what they wanted.
Well, it's not *quite* like that.  The US was seriously considered,
but Ryan's offer of a fraternity bedroom/office, T1 or no T1, was
not as attractive as some time in the sun.  After all, FC came to
Anguilla for good reasons.
Also, there are other sites under long term consideration, not
in the US, but in other cool places.  The main reason for
considering these sites is that they make business sense; and
they are definately cool.  Maybe we'll keep the details to
ourselves until they are vapour-compliant.
It should be mentioned that the contagion properties of
renouncement are somewhat less than epidemic.  Vince decided to
"do the deed," but others are not exactly leaping for their
passports and Lonely Planet guides.  In fact, most of the at-risk
group here are still swearing by the bible and running up the flag
every morning, just in case anybody gets the wrong idea.  Or at
least that's what it seems like to those of us immunised at birth.

@_date: 1998-12-12 07:40:48
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: alternative b-money creation 
It is true that there is positive demand for a medium of
It is not true that fiat money is controlled by a
sufficiently benevolent agency, and it is patently
not true that there is a finite supply.
National monies are in effect, and in demand, because
they are mandated by a number of methods.  The us$ was
made the dominant form by punitive taxation of alternates
in the late 1900s.  Other countries like the UK managed
to destroy competitors, and in the course of this, bankrupt
honest note issuers, by subjecting the note issuers to
The notion that the current issuer of that money
is benevolent is easily tested by circulating alternate
monies.  Any casino in the US will tell you that the reason
they won't permit their chips to go outside is because the
feds have quiet words with them.  Disregarding journalistic
fairy tales like Hiawatha Hours (or whatever they were called),
pretty universally, you run the risk of being locked up if
you circulate something called money.
Of course, the Internet has changed all this.  But not as
much as you'd think, I'd lay 10 to 1 that if you started
an issuer of Internet money on the wrong side of the German
border you'd be finding out what bored prison guards talk
The Federal Reserve of the US has said fairly plainly that
you can do this.  But the ABA, FinCen, the FBI, the DEA,
and any other moralistic department of the US government
that wants to get in the act are going to be looking at
this with jaundiced eyes.
The value of any monopolistic product can be simplistically
stated to be driven by supply and demand, but the truth is
different.  Only when there is free issue of money will we
know if a government can compete against the best and brightest
of the profit minded world.  In the past, the answer was a
resounding No, as otherwise, governments would not have had
to resort to legislation, taxes and other arbitrary punishments
in order to win the field.
And a government enforced monopoly.  The value of that is
calculated at the seignorage, assuming that we agree that
no government could compete on fair grounds.  That makes
the US monopoly worth $25 Bn per annum.

@_date: 1998-12-23 00:26:20
@_author: Ian Grigg 
@_subject: Re: alternative b-money creation 
Near money is something that many people hold out hope for,
and you may all be right, in that it may be the way forward
through the morass of difficulties.  I personally don't think
so, not for any killer reason, but for a whole host of little
reasons.  I'll see if I can't enunciate them, and no doubt
within the session you are running, we'll have some lively
This is the Hiawatha Hours, as I rudely called them
(I keep forgetting the name, sorry).  Now, these are
working systems.  They are more or less the same as
the LETS systems, which are sort of successful in many
hundreds of places.
Where they work is generally an indication of some
shortage.  With the above systems, and as far as I
can tell, with all systems, there is a shortage of
cash.  It is not just that everyone is poor, but
that the cycle of money in its journey from entity
to entity throughout the economy is broken.  In
contrast to this shortage and cyclic failure, demand
and supply for goods and services remain high, at
least in many sectors.
In this case, anything that is injected can conceivably
bootstrap the cycle again, and this is why, IMHO, the many
different range of instruments all appear to have been
successful.  It is not the instrument, but the presence
of an instrument.
One thing to remember is that the local economy is
generally the larger proportion of the total economy.
I have empirically noted that in most towns with
identifiable export industries, there are 3 people
employed elsewhere for every one within the direct
export sector - this is a reflection that most people
are actually supporting the rest.  (However, this
doesn't take into account the import side of the
Under such circumstances, it is no real wonder that
a shortage of money will cause an economy to grind
to a halt, and an injection of money will start it
up again - to the extent that import/export permits.
But bear in mind that this is a competitive scenario,
and the scrip money tends to work well when the statal
currency disappeared as in the Depression.  When the
statal money comes back in, the scrip fails to entice,
because it is only useful by definition for local
products, not imported products.  In that scenario
it is dominated (to use the term) by statal currency.
Yes, one of the huge barriers to any money system
is the border to any other money system.  At this
border, the change costs are a very important limiter
on the success of the system.  Remember that a merchant
must convert to useful money in order to pay his costs,
so a small system cannot really work without an internal
method of spending money, to offset that.  This is the
real reason why countries have money, because they have
a border that defines a naturally sized unit.
With MTB ecash, this became very apparent when merchants
had to extract their cash at somewhere between 2 and 5
percent, thus putting the lie to the notion of cash.
With FF miles, they alleviate this somewhat by
recasting the situation as a loyalty programme,
and thus you use the internal goods.  So it only
works when you are a regular user.
Adding convertability makes it closer to money.  But
there is one killer that will never make it be accepted
as a dominating form of money.  All loyalty programmes are
calculated on the basis of this actually accruing
value to the provider, rather than the other way
around.  Necessarily, this means the user is paying
for the priviledge of being loyal.
This is done three ways.  Firstly, most successful loyalty
programmes such as FF miles are based on goods with a
low marginal cost but high ticket cost.  To the airline,
it costs the price of a seat which is somewhere around
$30.  To you, you believe that you are getting, say, $200
value (for points marked as $200 for example).  Within
that range, the airline wins.
Secondly, on average, FF miles are not actually used up
beyond a benchmark figure of 30%.  Airlines also have a
number of tricks that use up or block the use of points.
Thirdly, FF miles work best when the individual is
consuming, but the company is paying.  What FF miles
are is essentially a bribe to the business traveller
to insist on using their airline, when the traveller
doesn't otherwise care.  This separation of user from
payer is cunning marketing, something that is employed
by all the best companies (IBM were the past masters,
now the crown has passed to M$.  Odd that computing
displays this domination amongst all industries...).
Now, regardless of all this, you are right that these
systems take on the nature of money if people suffer
all these things and then continue to participate.
What can stop these becoming real useful is several
things: people working out that they are regularly
over paying, taxation departments working out that
the business traveller is taking an untaxed benefit,
and various other hurdles.
If you can manage to navigate that particular river
stretch of crocs and snakes, then you might make
money, to stretch a pun.  However, if you are going
to all that trouble, why not just start a real money?
That's my real thesis.
Well, not sure what to say about giving away your
overpaid loyalty points.  That makes for two charities,
the Foundation and the Airline.
Oh, anonymity/untraceability/bearer status might be
useful features, but that is only what they are, features.  If our objective is to invent one with those features
as requirement, then I think you will find a single
purpose, centralised registry, poor convertability
system as a really bad starting point.
Single system.  Why did they stop?
We know why these have been stopped.  For precisely
reasons similar to the elimination of unknown activity,
including monetary activity.  Add this to the list of
disadvantages of near money.
Ah, so this will be very interesting.  So will there
be an arbitrary limit placed on there to stop them
being used as cash?  Remember that cash itself dominates
if you can more easily use cash rather than a handful
of used lottery tickets.
Yes, that I agree with.  But I fall short of saying
that it reaches a useful level of convertibility.
Looking forward to our loyalty systems session in
March!  Actually, I should mention that whilst I
do not favour these systems for the above reasons,
I do believe that in the study of them, we better
understand how money works, much more so than if
we were to simply study money, which is so completely
lost in statal marketing these days as to be
unfathomable in isolation.
