
@_date: 1998-05-22 02:49:28
@_author: Iain Collins 
@_subject: RE: programing 
You don't have the internet? You didn't get it with your CD? - I heard you can get it
on 3 x 1.44 MB disks from KwikMart (only $1.99).
Now, I'm not too sure how all this 'internet' stuff works (all rather complicated), but
don't you need one to send an e-mail? Boy have I been burned... ;)
Iain, icollins
PS: If you would like serious answer then feel free to send me a serious question
and I'd be happy to help you out (I'd say the questions are off topic from this list :).

@_date: 1998-06-02 08:20:43
@_author: "Iain Collins" 
@_subject: RE: Counterpane Cracks MS's PPTP 
As reguards:
I beleive that no operating system has ever been given a C2 certification,
and that only indiviual installations can be certifed.
This requries that each installation be transported and conducted under
armed guard, which is case with certain US government Microsoft NT
Workstation installations.
It is also stated (somewhere, but I don't have the details to hand) that no
C2 rated system should be plugged in to an external network connection (i.e.
the internet), and that only connections to secure LAN's/WAN's are permitted
(otherwise the C2 certification is meaningless, hence why NT Sever has never
been C2 certified IIRC).
I would be grateful if anyone can categorically deny or in any way support
The GoodTimes virus was, according to the DOE's CAIC a hoax. This is also my
personal opinion. This is what DOE's CAIC have to say:
Or, more amusingly.
However All E-mail readers that support HTML & JavaScript/Java/Active-X are
inherantly insecure. This inlcudes Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Outlook,
where mearly the act of previewing a malicious message can cause adverse
If anyone were to include a embed a malicious Java or Active-X control then
the supposed sandbox in Windows 9X/NT would be ineffectual as one could
conceviably create a control which could execute software anywhere on the
hard disk (this has already been done using both Active-X and IE under
Windows 95). Thus it follows that it could determain what viewer it is being
read under and execute any other attachments in the same e-mail from where
the are stored (in Netscape/Outlook) which could then... Iain Collins, icollins

@_date: 1998-07-24 09:05:18
@_author: "Iain Collins" 
@_subject: RE: W.A.Y. 
Try tidying up!
Try asking your brother if be 'borrowed' them all!
Try looking in a record store!
Iain, PS: I'd like to ask how on earth so many people manage to subscribe to this
list, solely in order to churn out stuff like this? How do they manage to
use the e-mail software to actually send a message to this group? How do
they remember to breathe? AGH!!!!!!!!!

@_date: 1998-11-20 01:14:03
@_author: "Iain Collins" 
@_subject: RE: manners 
It is _rude_ to ask for stolen goods - particularly when implicating
everyone on this list as an accessory to intent to commit piracy - who does
not report this luser to the authorities in the - process.
It is also rude to send inappropriate posts to this mailing list. This is
the cypherpunks mailing list - Not an IRC or hotline channel. Warez requests
are wholly inappropriate for this list, please read the FAQ!
The suggestion to seek free alternatives is well grounded, although I'd add
that they would more appropriately be sent directly to the poster (with a
polite note referring him to the FAQ).
Iain Collins,
