
@_date: 1995-08-23 23:29:09
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Shared secrets, virtual corporations 
< Collective holding of signer keys >
There are protocols that allow a group of people to collectively hold a
key. A message is passed down the line, each person in turn operating
on it, and at the end it has been signed. In this way the board of
directors can sign a message without any one person having the key.
These protocols can probably be combined with a secret-sharing system,
so that a message can be signed if a certain percentage of the
key-share holders collaborate. This allows voting, with the object of
the vote getting signed only if >50% vote for it.
Taking a share away from someone is a bit of a problem. If someone
needs to lose his voting privileges, you probably have to generate a
new key and sign it with the old one, then revoke the old one.

@_date: 1995-08-30 23:41:49
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: RSA Secure (disk encryption) 
RSA's home page ( has a demo version of RSA Secure.
This is a disk/directory encryption program that serves the same
purpose as Secure Drive and SFS. According to their description, it
allows you to select only certain files to be encrypted, and uses
80-bit RC4. The demo/export version is only 40 bits.
It also has optional key escrow. You can choose to escrow a key by
secret-sharing it and giving pieces to various people. There is a
threshold system so m of n people have to cooperate to decrypt it.

@_date: 1995-09-26 22:53:38
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Coercion-proof remailers (solved?) 
For a while I've been talking about the importance of a robust
infrastructure for anonymity, including coercion-resistant remailers.
Here is an approach that appears to eliminate the problem of
after-the-fact coercion.
Existing remailers chain messages by using a fixed public/secret key
pair in each remailer. This leaves them open to after-the-fact
compromise from the sender end. If you capture a message as the sender
sends it, you can later get the key of the first remailer, and decrypt
the first layer. You can then proceed on down the line to the
recipient. This creates a motive for an attacker to coerce remailers,
and it means the value of the remailers' keys continually increase as
more messages are sent.
Instead of using a fixed key, the sender can perform a Diffie-Hellman
exchange with the recipient at each point in a message's passage. This
eliminates the coercion problem, since there is no permanent key to
steal, but allows a corrupt remailer to see where the message is going.
If the first remailer is corrupt, the whole path is compromised.
The next step is to make sure there is no first remailer.
The sender S generates a message and header requesting mailing     S
to the recipient R. The sender splits it into two pieces using    / \
a method that requires both pieces to recover any data. Then he  1   2
adds a header to each piece requesting remailing to remailer 3.   \ /
He sends one piece to remailer 1 and one piece to remailer 2.      3
The transmissions are protected by DH exchange and encryption.     |
Remailers 1 and 2 each send their pieces to remailer 3. These      R
transmissions are also protected by DH exchanges. Remailer 3
combines the two pieces, recovers the header requesting remailing
to R, and sends the recovered message to R.
This approach is secure against after-the-fact coercion or key theft,
because there is no persistent key to recover. It is also secure
against any one of the three remailers being corrupt. If 3 is corrupt,
it sees both pieces as it combines them, and knows they came from 1 and
2, but does not know where 1 and 2 got them from. If 1 is corrupt, it
knows that a message from S went to 3, but it has only half of the
split message, so it can't find out where 3 sent it to. If any two of
the three are corrupt, the path is exposed.
It is possible to add more levels. This one uses seven remailers,  /S\
and can survive any two being corrupt. Some questions I don't    / | | \
know the answers to: What is the best possible arrangement of   1  2 3  4
remailers, so that the highest percentage of them have to be     \ / \ /
corrupt before the path is revealed? If any continuous line       5   6
from S to R is corrupt, the path is revealed. And if any two       \ /
remailers in a 'triangle' are corrupt, the whole triangle is        7
corrupt. For example, 1 and 2, 1 and 5, or 2 and 5.                 |
Is there a better arrangement, reusing some remailers, that         R
allows the message to remain secure with a higher number of corrupt
remailers in the path?

@_date: 1996-02-28 22:32:45
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: PGP to PC mail integration 
Mail user interface integration remains the biggest barrier to
widespread PGP use. As long as it's inconvenient each time you want to
send a mail message, people won't use it. Existing efforts to fix this
are usually mail-program specific (elm-pgp port, some Pegasus and
Eudora hacks) and/or not terribly convenient (ViaCrypt and similar
win-pgp front ends). It seems to me that people are attacking this
problem from the wrong end of the pipe.
Almost all internet mail programs (Eudora, Pegasus, Netscape, Exchange
client with Internet mail, you name it) talk to a POP server and an
SMTP server. They allow you to specify the hostnames of each.
Instead of messing with user interfaces, you set the POP and SMTP
addresses of your mail program to "localhost". You run locally a Visual
Basic program that sits on ports 110 (POP) and 25 (SMTP) listening for
connections. The VB program is configured with the addresses of your
real SMTP and POP servers, and acts as a proxy.
When your mail program retrieves POP mail, it goes through the VB
program, and the VB program decrypts any PGP mail it sees. When it
sends mail, the VB program encrypts any mail it has a PGP key for the
recipient of.
Once this is set up, the user burden is near zero, and it works with
any winsock-based mail program. What do you think of the idea?

@_date: 1996-03-02 09:22:54
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Re: PGP to PC mail integration 
Exactly. Yes, it will at least have to have a config screen. It will
probably have to prompt for a passphrase on the fly, unless you want to
store it. It can ask to encrypt or not, or it can have a header in the
message. The important thing is I don't care about the user interface
of the mail program. This has been the big barrier so far.

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:43
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Re: [CRYPTO] Cable-TV-Piracy-Punks 
The big latent assumption here being that you have only one-way
communication with the subscribers. DSS has a modem. It could get a new
key from a distribution center frequently - i.e. every day. Then the
pirates would somehow have to update their keys daily, in real time.
Once we have live packet communication (cable modems or ISDN D-channel,
for example) the keys can be changed minute by minute, if necessary.
Each new-key request is checked with a digital signature from the box's
key, and the KDC will not accept two requests for the same key. If you
clone the box, one or the other won't get a key. The pirates will have
to run their own network parallel to the legitimate one to distribute
the keys. Therefore piracy requires an ongoing organization, and is
subject to being tracked down.

@_date: 1996-07-10 17:42:18
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Re: MSoft crypto API's 
It's even easier than that. Remember, signatures are detachable from the data. You import the software, MS signs it, you export the signature, and reattach it to the software.

@_date: 1996-11-09 23:47:47
@_author: Mike Ingle 
@_subject: Black markets vs. cryptoanarchy 
Cryptoanarchy will have arrived when you can openly _advertise_ these
services and still stay in business indefinitely. Most of the things we
talk about - even Jim Bell's assassination market - already exist, but
they cannot be advertised. You have to go looking for them, at some
risk to both buyer and seller. If the seller is visible enough for you
to find him, he is visible enough to get caught.
For example, there is plenty of 'pirate' material on the net, but it
tends to go away as soon as the addresses become well-known.
Cryptoanarchy will be here when you can advertise yourself as a
distributor of pirate software (or anything else you want to sell), do
business with a publicly known contact address, and still not get
caught. 'Black markets' exist due to the inability to do this.
Currently the techniques of anonymity are limited to two: indirection
for source anonymity and broadcast for recipient anonymity. We are more
or less where crypto was before the invention of public key. You can
gain security by spreading risk among multiple parties (key
distributors for crypto, or remailers for anonymity) but you can't 'make your own anonymity' like you can make your own security with public key crypto.
A theoretical discovery is needed particularly in the area of recipient
anonymity. Good sender anonymity and weak recipient anonymity leads to
'hit and run' behavior such as spamming email and newsgroups, but not
to anonymous markets.
