
@_date: 1993-03-07 06:48:34
@_author: "Stealth" 
@_subject: FWEE!: Premature Ejaculation 
Uh-huh... OK. Easy now, Lads... Let's not "jump the gun."
It is with a strange mixture of giddy delight and dire trepidation that I
'pen' this note to you all. I read "nowhere's" posting with no small amount
of interest and yet I have a BIG PROBLEM with it, so I thought I would post
this tiny reminder to everyone about "what the hell are we fighting for"
(anyone else around here remember singing along with Country Joe and MEANING
it? ...1-2-3) before any more such postings occur. If you answer "don't ask
me, I don't give a damn," I worry about you (...5-6-7).
Some thoughts:
1. The Whistleblower system currently under construction (in more ways than
one) is of extremely high value both to us as digital pioneers and ultimately
to the People of this country and by extension of the world. It promises to
open up 'doors' that would otherwise stay very tightly shut. This is no small
2. The WB system should be directed toward uncovering structural ABUSES by
persons or companies entrusted with the interests and/or funds of the People.
Remember, this whole gig is supposed to be "of, by and for the People." We're
just here to remind the trustees not to cook the books like George Herbert
Fucking Walker Bush did. Infact he can be considered as one of our most
interesting subjects, whatever flat little Texas rock he might be hiding
under right now. We haven't forgotten you George, we're just getting our
digital posse rounded up. Except there's someone among us who's wearing
his/her gun belt a little too tight already, to wit:
3. The purpose of such a system is NOT to cater to the puerile (look it up,
it comes from the Latin for 'childish' and yes, I indulge in it often enough
to understand) impulses of people who'd like to anger the Dark Side just for
the sake of thumbing their noses at Authority, but to truly cut the Dark Side
to the bone - to expose their Darkest Secrets and leave them bleeding ink all
over the front pages. I recently paraphrased the Bible (and probably every
other religious tome since recorded Herstory began) in conversation with two
of my favorite Cypherpunks and I now see the value of sharing this tidbit
with all of you:
"That which is whispered of in closets, shall be shouted from the rooftops
for all to hear."
...I propose this as a suitable motto for the Whistleblowers and possibly
even the Cypherpunks - at least those with an ironic bent. (Btw, would the
more Bible-literate among us please feel free to cite chapter & verse, so I
can find where I read this and quote it more accurately in the future.)
4. Posting information of the kind in "nowhere's" transmission (though
admittedly fascinating) will only serve to ALERT and STRENGTHEN the position
and attack capabilities of those who would defeat the WB system BEFORE it
truly gets off the ground. Post data like this NOW and you provide ammunition
to sharpshooters who need an excuse to terminate us with extreme prejudice.
Compare the value of information of the sort in "nowhere's" posting (which I
might add can probably be found by the more astute among us in certain
lesser-known defense industry publications) with an anonymous posting by
someone taking a very BIG chance with his/her life by proclaiming the
complete and utter lack of integrity of persons charged with the maintenance
of Democracy or persons charged with the maintenance of the Safety and
Security of the People. I ask you, fellow Patriots: what would you rather
read? Would the expose' of a high-ranking member of the Military-Industrial
Complex be of greater value to you than the specs on the composition of a
plastic wing's leading-edge? Let us not forget who arranges for the
development of such weapons - those who loose the Dogs of War, not the Dogs
themselves should be our Enemy.
Another hypothetical example: would you like to know what the US Government
knows about _who_ shot John Fitzgerald Kennedy and _why_? Keep posting
information on expensive black budget D-Fens items and see if we ever find
out. I don't particularly want some haircut sliding in my front door with a
warrant just because I'm on this list - and don't think I'm overreacting
(because I am). FLAME.
A wise man chooses his weapon carefully and does not shoot his bolt before
the target is well in sight. In the teachings of ancient strategists, one can
find many sage postings on when to keep one's powder dry, when to retreat for
strategic/tactical advantage and when to just plain shut the fuck up so no
one knows you're hiding there with your pointy stick.
"Verbum sat sapienti est." In Latin (remember how far those Roman strategists
got!) this means "wise up or someone with much fancier toys will come and
take your cereal box and you'll be left with no whistle to blow. I get off on
reading about Inspector Gadget's Flying Doomsday Jets as much as the next
technoweenie, but I also have an idea of what's really important here. As a
person who threw bricks at riot police in the '60's, I have an indelible
impression of what it is that Freedom of Speech is all about and I don't want
to risk a potentially incredible source of Freedom of Speech all for a few
nuts and bolts descriptions of some weapons systems that some very dangerous
mofos will do just about anything to keep under wraps. Remember, no system of
anonymity or encryption is _completely_ secure: give the wrong entity a good
reason to focus its highbeams on us now, and you jeapordize our whole
mission. One might even say that a valid attack strategy for someone who
wants to take us down is to float such postings NOW so that serious, formal
complaints could be substantiated in the not-too-distant future.
  dave "are you experienced?" del torto, aka d2t

@_date: 1993-03-07 06:48:34
@_author: all puns intended 
@_subject: MEETING: CFP>$! 
Since Tim May took the pardonable liberty of putting virtual words in my
mouth about my opinion of the costs of CFP, I just thought that I would
"reply" by publicly posting my thanks to Judi Clark for her explanation of
what goes into a CFP conference. I have been both educated and humbled by her
communication. Thank you, Judi.
Firstly, I have to say that my initial reservation (all puns intended) about
CFP's cost was motivated PURELY my current lack of cash. Naturally, I would
have preferred to have returned a conference fee reimbursement slip to some
FatCat with a stouter wallet than my own, but alas, I currently have no such
overly-resourced feline to fall back on.
Secondly, although I surely did mutter about how much it costs and Tim was
perfectly within the bounds of reason to infer some reticence on my part, I
did manage to do something constructive about it by volunteering to help out
with a good cause. Judi was generous to mention my fairly insignificant
contribution, especially compared to the vast amount of work that she and her
cohorts have put in, but given any opportunity, I would have been, and still
am, willing to do what I can to ensure that the whole thing goes smoothly.
With every bite of every free meal I can weasel out of this deal, I will be
thanking her for the favor she is doing to my pathetic cash-flow situation.
BTW, Judi, should I be caught stuffing dinner rolls up my sleeves, I trust
you'll keep the Sheriff from cuffing me too tightly.
Thirdly, for philosophical and intellectual reasons, I am _really_ excited to
be able to attend, even as a janitor/hacker, and will do my best to feed back
information and impressions to everyone on the list who doesn't have the
opportunity to attend. In case someone has not been paying attention, my
philosophy involves dirtying my hands when something shows value to me and to
others. Anonymous remailers in support of Whistleblowers; conferences that
support the Mission; visiting dignitaries who need a ride to the airport
("May I carry your briefcase Ms. Denning?"), whatever...
Finally, to be fair, I do NOT want to imply that Tim is whining. CFP _IS_
very expensive for us mortals and there are a lot of people who _should_ be
attending instead of me but simply can't afford it. Tim probably has a
full-time job (unlike yours truly) and no time for volunteerism so I won't
for a nsec lean out of my glass house and suggest that he's alone in his
opinions because I basically agree that everything should be free. In fact,
Tim's contributions to this list dwarf mine to the point where I should be
thanking him just for enlightening me with his opinions. Thanks, Tim.
     David "Steal This Email" Del Torto
     ^                        ^   ^      =  DDT  ... d2t

@_date: 1993-03-08 15:04:06
@_author: as usual 
@_subject: LISTBIZ: Mailer weirdness 
identifying a bunch of list members.  This is >>something of a breach of
privacy for anyone who didn't want to >>be known as a cypherpunk.
RFCs, so I ain't read all the relevant ones yet.
    ! ******* !
No, Steve, you're NOT crazy and YES this was a completely unintentional
thing. I did nothing out of the ordinary - I only addressed my mail to the
list (as usual).
Furthermore, my subject field was replaced with "Unknown subject" - which was
expressly NOT the subject of my original posting.
Who's tinkering? ...Please STOP. I don't want my mail or anyone else's to
trigger any more of these listings. I'm wondering out loud if this anomaly
could indicate some subrosa official investigation of our list - perhaps
someone Not Silly at All has been in to take a look and needs these lists of
members?  Hmmmm.
   dave del torto     aka d2t

@_date: 1993-03-08 15:04:36
@_author: e.g. CFP, etc. 
@_subject: LISTBIZ: metaprefixes update 
Hi everybody!
A REMINDER:
In the interest of making the LARGE volume of Cypherpunks list mail a bit
easier to parse visually, we have taken to adding metaprefixes to our subject
Although this is optional, you may find that many of us ignore your postings
if you don't use some sort of mechanism to help us know what you're posting
about. Several people are automating their mail readers to put your postings
in "boxes" that they want to follow, so please pick up on this habit -
thanks!  :)
Some sample metaprefixes:
ANON:    Anoymity/Pseudonymity
CENSOR:  Cryptography & Censorship
DCASH:   Digital Money, Digital Banking
DCNET:   Dining Cryptographer Nets
FWEE!:   Whistleblower Project
LISTBIZ: General Cypherpunk list business
MTGS:    Physical Meetings/Conferences (e.g. CFP, etc.)
OPIN:    Personal Opinions
PGP:     PGP App/Current Availability on FTP, etc.
RANDOM:  Random Generators
REMAIL:  Remailer technology, Problem reports
(this is probably not a complete listing, but it's MOST of 'em)
Collect 'em all!
Trade 'em with your friends!
Feel free to create your own if the topic of your mail does not fall into one
of these logical cubbyholes.
 d2t

@_date: 1993-03-08 23:31:56
@_author: David Mandl  
@_subject: VOICE: Encrypted V. protocol 
Speaking of which, if ANYONE knows the name, telephone and email
address of the guy who wrote the Article for the NYT - PLEASE send
it to me, (along with the text if any) - I want to have him/her on
file for the Whistleblower Project (aka "WB!").
it, Me too! Bring several copies and we'll pay you for the Xeroxing.
  d2t

@_date: 1993-03-10 21:31:31
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: FWEE!: Markoff/NYT/VoiceCrypt 
Thanks to everyone who sent John Markoff's name, email address
and/or past life animal. I'll let all of you know what transpires
when I buzz him about the VoiceCrypt article and get some info
for the Whistleblower Project.
BTW, Pretty amazing day at CFP today (especially the session on
Censorship on the 'net): watch this cyberspace for details next
Not-Entirely-Unrelated note: to all of you who have asked for a
FTP-able version of MacPGP, I will provide that this Sunday (the
life of a CFP volunteer!). Hope you can all keep your pants on
until then.  :)  It's worth the wait.
  dave
"It's not the voting that makes Democracy, it's the counting."
   - T. Stoppard

@_date: 1993-03-24 01:17:51
@_author: appended below 
@_subject: FREE: warning to "sci" anonymous posters 
I find the contents of your warning message (appended below) to be an
outrageous affront to the right of Freedom of Speech granted to all Americans
in the Constitution. In fact, if you take a moment to think globally, your
proposals are detrimental to the future freedom of all Citizens of the World.
I think that you *yourself* should be warned that there are many of us
watching your actions with great interest - and some of us have very long
memories when such repressive actions are considered. particularly vexing is
the idea that ANY anonymous mail might be censored - this might edit out
EXACTLY the voices of criticism that make out Nation and our Internet great.
Any newsgroup that can't accept the fundamental right anonymous posting
should have the option of IGNORING them, but not  removing them. People who
want to censor speech in such a knee-jerk way have no place in public with
other free people.
If the reasoned opinion of any upstanding Citizen of the Internet or the US
has any effect on your actions, I strongly urge you to stop this practice (if
you have begun using it) and to never, ever begin it (if you have not yet).
Someday you may want to vote in a US election. You'll probably want to cast a
secret ballot, won't you? This is only one small example of the fundamental
role of anonymity in our great Democracy. We don't need this brand of
"enforcement" example on the Internet, and we don't need berobed Ku Klux Klan
members lynching people to remind minorities to "behave." Erode these
freedoms, and you may one day be unable to cast a ballot without being
photographed and fingerprinted - it wouldn't be a very satisfactory way to
run a Democracy, would it? You might scoff at my example, but one can build a
mountain from many pebbles, and your action is a large chunk of stone in the
mountain of Thought Bondage.
I prefer to believe that you are a well-educated, thoughtful person who can
see the Orwellian Thought Control inherent in this idea. i refer to imagine
that you will not only reconsider such actions and vow to never follow those
censorial urges, but also actively persuade others of such restrictive
opinions to reconsider and stop their actions. A good Golden Rule to follow
is: "Don't limit anyone's Freedom of Speech or you might be next one to be
Do the Right Thing!

@_date: 1993-03-25 04:50:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: ANON: Anon.penet.fi no more 
This is a dark day indeed. The forces of Repression are upon us yet again.
OK, where do we set up the next one? I guess the solution here is to have a
floating set of difficult-to-detect anon remailers and switch between them
Someday, when I can afford the hardware, I vow to provide this service and
not be harrassed into shutting down. Toward this end, it would be great if
Julf could post a list of the sys admin's who were instrumental in shutting
down penet.fi. I think all of us should be made aware of their presence for
future reference.
And now, Upward!
  dave

@_date: 1993-04-08 16:32:02
@_author: economics again 
@_subject: FWEE!: kiosks 
Yo Dewds,
I guess it's time for me to throw in my two bits on the Public WB Kiosk
I guess I appreciate the intent of implementing such a system, but there are
some BIG strikes against it:
[1] Strike One: Installation and maintenance costs (economics again). Can you
IMAGINE what it would cost to build and maintain a network (and it would have
to be a big one!) of public kiosks? Better to piggyback on existing
infrastructure for purely practical reasons. I have an account on the
aforementioned SF Net (little tables in coffeehouses all over the San
Francisco Bay Area) and I have come to the conclusion that it would be
prohibitive to just maintain such a system. Wayne Gregori would back me up on
this. If you think it's a pain to keep your baby-powdered PC at home in
decent working order, imagine one with beer spilt on it daily, bozos who type
like Paul Bunyan on Steroids and the occasional
chairleg-yanking-the-plug-out-of-the-wall incident. Most of the time, I log
in to SF Net from home anyway.
[2] Strike Two: Lack of Privacy while using the kiosks. I think Eric Hughes'
argument (with due respects to Eric) about the expensive economics of
monitoring the kiosks falls down just a tad when you consider that these
would not even be _moving targets_! (In both the literal and figurative
senses.) Sure, it's expensive to "tail" someone and find out where they go
and who they meet, but it's less than trivial to set up a discreet camera
that just watches a stationary kiosk all day long or maybe photographically
or electromagnetically (with a moderately sophisticated bug) monitor the
keystrokes. Maybe you _could_ make them portable and move them around; maybe
you _could_ come up with a clever physical design that would preclude
keystroke photography (but bugs?), but any such defenses would pale in
comparison with the Privacy inherent in the WB input from a single user's
personal system.
"Public Privacy:" now _there's_ an oxymoron for the 90's! All jocularity
aside, it would be pretty difficult to convince anyone with serious
information on Govt abuses to stroll into a Mall and spill their guts on a PC
Junior in a plywood box - I sure as hell wouldn't, would you? Hell, you could
put touchscreens on it and I STILL wouldn't take the chance. Anyone ever seen
the "Human Jukebox" in SF? A guy dresses up in a huge cardboard refrigerator
shipping box and when you drop a quarter in, he plays (on trumpet) some
selection from a list on the outside. Very funny stuff: I suggest you ask for
"Strangers in the Night."
[3] Strike Three (yer OUT!): those ugly little plastic-encased keyboards get
all that icky finger dirt on 'em. Sure you laugh NOW, but just IMAGINE where
people put their fingers before typing on them little keyboards. Yuck! Think
of the diseases! The nose pickings! The leftover popcorn-butter residue! The
Jeri-Curl! Yeesh... makes me wanna HURL.
But Serially, Folks:
If a group COULD surmount these difficulties, it would then have to begin to
focus on the TYPE of whistleblowing that would take place on such systems. I
have the feeling that they would be a PRIMARY contributor to the overall
bullshit noise that would clutter up a decent WB systems and exponentially
increase the difficulty of filtering out the "good" stuff for proper use.
Sure, you could rely on OTP's to provide relatively secure transmissions, but
the big question is: do we really want a bunch of Valley Girls at the local
Mall logging in and complaining that they "can't get the proper shade of
eyeliner and, like, why doesn't the Federal Govurnmint toe-tully reform the
Health In-fersure-ance System" so they could, like, get the bunyons burned
off their right foot in time for the Prom. I think you get my point.
We have a ot more to work on before I consider this to be a desirable, much
less viable, idea.
  dave
  ------------------------------------------------
                                              |
  no fancy-dan sig-stamps, just li'l ol' me.  |
                                              |
  ------------------------------------------------

@_date: 1993-04-15 03:31:51
@_author: in my spare time 
@_subject: FWEE!: alt.prematurity 
*/ Ladies & Germs, /*
Certain cpunks have called for the immediate establishment of
alt.whistleblowerson Usenet. I have noted a certain respect for engineering
matters in these notes, but a lack of acknowledgement for the "other"
business involved in setting up a serious whistleblower service. I beg your
attention for a moment whilst I toss in my two cents:
As I am the person doing some of the legwork to establish the body of
Users/Subscribers for the alt.wb service (in my spare time), I would like to
request that this action NOT be taken at this time. I am as anxious as anyone
to see this become a reality, but I have learned over the years that both
information services and sex can be ruined by prematurity. You're welcome to
screw up your sex lives by cumming in your pants too soon, but PLEASE don't
give saddle this potentially IMPORTANT information service a huge birth
defect by putting it out before I am ready. There, I've admitted it, I am not
ready yet (nor are the Users). If it flies before I can set up the org's that
will take advantage of it, it would not be a good thing, IMHO.
I have mentioned prematurity before this and have been roundly ignored, to my
chagrin. Alas...
I am not suggesting that we can't begin exPERimenting in SOME way to get the
technology right, but I AM saying that we have a LOT of work to do if we want
this service to mean anything. On the other hand, if we're just a bunch of
engineers jacking off over our ideas, and not true crusaders trying to invent
a new method for busting sniveling government weasel-embezzelers, then who am
I to stop y'all?
Gee, Dave, just _why_ is it a bad idea right now?
- Not enough people are educated enough to use it. I have spoken with
Congressional staffers, media people and several activist orgs. They all need
either email accounts, PGP software and some readme files (or all three)
before they can take advantage of any WB info. They're not even sure how to
approach the issue of verification and we'll have to help them with this
concept. Imagine Picasso pitching the wonders of Assymetry to an audience of
People Who've Never Heard of Painting.
- We haven't figured out who'll be polled to send in msgs and exactly HOW
we'll offer them some sort of anonymity and what they need to do afterward.
It should be a select group at first, but we have not established the
guidelines for this service. Putting it out without any kind of guidelines
could be disastrous. This is the Trusted Reputation Issue. Please do not
underestimate this.
- Not a single cpunk has yet submitted any suggestions to me for the
Guidelines as I have asked twice. Not one person. Do that first, O Verbose
Ones! After we build such a document and have prominent people (such as
Nicholas Johnson, former FCC head under L.B.Johnson - "eh... no relation")
sign statements of support based on it (as discussed before, with I think,
nearly unanimous approval), then we can more _safely_ proceed. Have you heard
of the Declaration of Independence? They prepared that document well, got all
their Ducks in a Row and it's lasted for over 200 years. How many decades do
you think a good WB system could last/evolve for? I ask only that you engage
your long-range vision for a moment.
- Except for good ol' John Gilmore, no one has sent me their pubkey for the
list of volunteers after I publicly requested same some weeks back. Belly up
to the Bar, Dewds.
- ?
There are other excellent reasons to keep it in our collective pants for a
while, but if THESE don't convince you, then perhaps I am asking the wrong
group of folks to help get this started properly. I suggest that we set up a
dummy area and begin to conduct some experiments ala Tim May's F117A bogus
post. Hopefully, this will allow our more impatient members to spew to their
heart's delight while the rest of us continue with the legwork and phonework
to give it social armor.
Anybody can put a box out on the street and say "everybody put your
complaints in here," but it takes some real thinkers to put out a serious
whistleblower system.
Lastly, I ask your forgiveness for all my sins...
   dave
PS: Only kiddin', I never sin. Well, hardly ever these days. Well, pretty
often then, but I keep it to a few times a day. OK, well, maybe hourly, but
I'm really acting in the best interest of everyone. OK, I lied, I sin and sin
and sin every second of my existence.                    ...So sue me!

@_date: 1993-04-19 11:08:57
@_author: if I read him correctly 
@_subject: FWEE!: the importance of being patient 
Apropos of my earlier posting calling for a delay in the establishment of the
WB remailer, I herein repost portions of Marc Ringuette's excellent comments
from March 26th on Remailer strategies:
Essentially, Marc and I agree on this issue (if I read him correctly). Marc's
point seems to be that prematurely establishing anon remailers such as the WB
system before the World is really ready for them will make us vulnerable to
attack on a policy level and will significantly dimish the viability of such
systems in general, by opening debate on whether or not this is a good idea
before most potential users even understand WHAT it is we're trying to do.
This gets back to what I was saying about educating WB users, providing them
with friendly software and getting lots of support before going public.
I couldn't have put it better. Opponents are looking for a chink in the
theoretical anon armor, and at this point there are many.
Calling all remailer specialists...
  dave
ASIDE: I'm not sure how many of you saw the posting about Port Watson in the
Bahamas "An Island in the Net...", but it got me to thinking about how many
Cypherpunks, Extropians and Libertarians would actually be interested in
collaborating on setting up a physical location for the preservation of a
secure, encrypted, anon remailing site on an island not legally bound by any
nation (ie. no more problems like Julf has). I suppose it's a bit fantastic
to consider, but I'm looking into the viability of selling/renting my SF
house and moving down there. Anyone want to join me for a meeting on this
subject? Would it be appropriate for discussion at the next physical meeting?

@_date: 1993-04-19 11:08:57
@_author: me 
@_subject: ANON: accountability 
greg contributed:
I think Greg is right on the money here. The first time someone complained to
my sysadmin (me), I'd send that person a sorrowful note apologizing for the
nasty-icky behaviour prompting the complaint and assuring the complainer that
the offending user on my system (also me) would have his account cancelled
Then, I'd go back to living my life as I please.  :)
Seems to me that this approach would guarantee accountability on my system
and keep everyone happy.
  dave
  Level Seven Design
