
@_date: 1996-02-20 06:10:23
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Mon Mar 19,1996
Obviously you want to criticise without investigation. He who knows all,    knows little, or nothing accoring to Einstein.
It uses one time pads - yes - but true OTPs, not random number generators with a key like the POTP people. The mere fact that POTP sells the entire package, should tell you something. For long Messages, the basic kernel of our system is also a random number generator, but the source key, 5600 bits,
is a true random one time pad generated from a hardware source. a large random table, by 512 of the random bits, ie 64 large prime numbers, and the other random bits are used to generate the random numbers used. This in effect creates a humoungous cycled encryption wheel system, with over 10 to the 2300th power possibilities before repeats, similar to engima but more like the most secured electronic encryption systems used prior to the advent of computers.
You obviously are too informed - since you already know everything, perhaps there is nothing more for you to learn so you are right, don't waste you time, since you already know, But others, less informed, might discover that they do nnot know everything
We did refer people to Paul Leyland as you note in your next paragrapgh - Unlike PGP, and other RSA systems, DES, and even POTP, the PCX Nvelopes system is mathematically unbreakable - if you labor uner the delusion that the PGP protects your privacy be our guest. Ask yourself " Why are Freeh, Gore and all the others not screaming more than they are about RSA systems, DES systems and so forth? They are talking about interceting 1 in 100 messages n urban areas, are they doing it because they want to waste their time?
Every message is encrypted with a separate Nvelope, and as indicated in our site, nver repeated. If the message is less than 5600 bits, it is a true random one time pad, from hardware sources - if longer, the one time pad becomes a random number generator as partially explained previously.
Each nvelope, hardware one time pad, an ADC LOB system,  is used once and only once, the system absolutely precludes reuse.  The $15.00 per moth keeps all users supplied with the necessary one time pads, which in the case of high volume business users might be a few hundred a day, a stock broker, anb accountant, auditor, an attorney or the like.
 > >          For more information visit our Web Site at:
Obviously you again already know everything, so there is no need to try to explain it to you, but others might be interested. As to combinatorial explosion, it really ius not as ad as people might think!
A user does not jave to keep all the combinations, only the ones paired with, thus in a thousand user system, there is only a need for 999 paired Nvelope and Nvelopeners, and some of those will little usage. We keep 10 Nvelopes/Nvelopeners for each pair, 20 in duplex, and each is 700 bytes.
Thus in a 1000 user system, about 7.2 MB would be required to handle all the one taime pads, a lot os space but not unmageable, As Nvelopes are used, they are replensihed accordingly to a heuristic algorithm built into the system. That is precisely why PCX Nvelopes is such an extraordinary system. That is the beauty of PCX Nvelopes, it lifts that  burden from the user, eliminates it entirely. You may have worried about key management, but with our system, you will not have to do so in the future. The system itself, manages all the OTPs, you do not have to do anything but use the system. Key management is the problem with all existing systems, but it is no problem at all with the PCX Nvelopes system, as you would see if you looked at the system, instead, of talking about something when you have no idea at all of what it is about. The first set of keys must be sent by a secure source, US mail, FED EX, or whatever, but
thereafter, all updates can be accomodated over Internet.  > > We will even prepare, or help prepare, the DIR.LST for users. > >
The combinatorial problem that you referred to previously, would indeed generate almost 500,000 pair sets, which we call packets. What is the best way to generate those 499,500 sets? 999 We can automatically generate them, and all the software that goes with them on 1000 sets of 6 diskettes
each, each of which goes through a separte verification process, and certification process, larger systems are delivered in parts, two diskettes direct, and the others over internet. Every onetime pad is subjected to analysis at the bit level, character level, couplet level, triplet level, and set level, 5600 bits. As you might, but probably do not know, all hardware generation of OTP's are irregular, otherwise they are not random. Thus at times, a hardware source, such as ADC LOB system, can generate nonrandom data, unless this is checked, it can destroyed the integrity of your system. At all levels, we check standard deviation, chi Square, Delta IC, and other statistical tests. Moreover, we check sets of packet, at the 2, 4, 8, 16, 32, 64, 128, 256, 512, 1024, 2048, 4096, 8192, 16384 etal. Our packets are random, and you can take that to the bank.     - Einstein - He who thinks that he knows everything, knows                      nothing.

@_date: 1996-02-20 08:53:26
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
We are not currently revealing all the details of our system because of patents in process, and other relat6ed matters. We are offering the software. You should be able to readily decompile it and determine the algorithms used andf how they are used to generate random number sequences for very long files.  For short messages, a true OTP is used directly. If you are aware of encrtypting technology, you recognize that hardware prime number cycle wheels for the basis of some of the most secured hardware systems employed for encryption. We simply expand that technogy using software to set an intial setting, an adder, and a limit for 64 such wheels, using large random prime numbers for each of those settings. The total number of possibilities is over 10 to the 1690th power and can be much larger. Thus we can eliminate the need to have the length of the OTP to be equal to the length of the file - if you do not belive that it works, try it and see - it takes inly a few hours to set such a trial up. We generated over 790 gigabytes of charcaters, on multiple backups, and tested. Our standard deviations, chi squares, Delta ICs for bits, characters, sets, and the entire set were random. The sets are random, and you can take that to the bank. Someone, will decompile it and discover that it is truly random, at least from the practical usage basis. But we need that time to file patents, cvopyrights and the like. The IPG system solves the key management problem and produces a truly unbreakabkle system. We make no apologies for not currently revealing all of the methodologies andf algorithms, but they will be revealed with time, by us or others, and you will discover that it is indeed a simple, easy to use, easy to install, truly unbreakable system.
"Unless we know, we do not experience by talking," Plato

@_date: 1996-02-20 10:28:51
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
True, but we are not sure what is going to be covered by patents, obviously you must know that wemay have to treat some of the information, maybe all of the really iomportant stuff as trad secret material and try our best to protect it inm that manner - we cannot depend upon the paatents until we know what is going to be covered, if anything - so bull
back to you.
In time they will, because keymanagem,ent makes RSA systems unmanageable for large organizations - offer such a suystem to Merrill Lynch and be laughed out of the office - only a syustem such as ours resolve that Please refer to Dorthy Dennings excellent work on mathematical crytanalysis of wheeeled cryptosystems, and then imagine that every Nvelope, or suych wheeled system, was based on randomly selecting the prime number wheels, they do not have to be, but ours are - imagine that every message ever sent was sent using such an unique wheel system. Are you sure that none of you are familiar with it? I have received many replies indicating that a large number of you are familiar with it, I refer you again to Denning's. Maybe you are not, but many are, apparently most from the replies that I am getting. Such systems are used at the highest level of government because they are the most secure systems available, excepting OTP's of course. Who in the world said it was monalpabetic substitution -  we are talking about the random sequences for a single message - A random prime number wheel system, provides a far more secure system that RSA based systesms, - check it out, and do some investigating instead of talking. > Not until we know what patent coverage is going to do and not to do.

@_date: 1996-02-20 11:20:43
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
You must also then know that you do not always get what you want with a pent - sometimes you do not get anything, or not enough to cover you. Until we know, we are reating much of the material as trade secrets, as we are sure you would also do. Once, you discover how simple the system is to install, use, update, and add to, you will understand our concern.
The hardware  OTP is used as a template to Starting with an OTP as seed? The algorithm may be fixed in a sense, but it employs a truse hardware random OTP to select intial settings, adds, and limits, so every one is new and unique - a lot of algorithnms can generate pseudfo trandom numbers, but onece you knw the algorithm, you can generate the random sequence. Our system does not do that - in oReder to solve the system, you must know what OTP was used, that is what was the true hardware generated OTP. Unless you know what that was, knowing the algorithm does nothing for you. If you understand that principle you understand the system. As explained above
Perhaps so, but our system does employ a true hardware generated OTP, and operates similiar to what you describe -  however, the important differernce is that we use a smal;l OTP to generate a larger OTP, like stringing the cable across the Golden Gate narrows. Just becuase we convert over from a full OTP to a prime number wheel system configured from the OTP doers not mnean that the result is not an OTP - in theory it is simple to break RSA systems, but factoring a 2048 bit number, or 4096 number, or whatever, makes the problem enormous  - our system for large messages/files is similiar in difficult except that it is much nearer an 8192 bit number than 2048. The possibilities to be examined ar4e so large, that iot is not possible to solve then with a computer, even if all the particles in the iuniverse, all 10 to the 80 power of then were a Cray T3E, or better.  Furthermore, all you would get would be all the possiblilities which would be everything!
 > I believe that you have some basic grasp of OTPs, but obviously you do not understand how the Golden Gate Bride Cable was strung: A string, a rope, a small steel cable, all of the cables - we employ a similar technique to fdeliver the follow on OTPs. Time will prove one of us wrong, and that wiill prove to be you - it is unbreakable as a thoprough examination of the literature will reveal.
 > Dan

@_date: 1996-02-20 11:40:47
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Perry, I will not waste anymore of your time, or mine -
Since you seem to know everything about everything, there is no need in talking in circles - You may think that you know everything there is to know about encryption, but believe me, there is a lot more for you to learn - I do not now what KDC's are, I presume some sort o Key Delivery Codes. or Systems, but? I would like to find out though - send us some literature and we will send you a free demo system- that is the differece between you and us - we know very little and want to know more you know everythinh there is to know - and do not need to know anymore - Incidentally crypto wheel systems are stillemployed in 1996 at some of the highest levels of usage - some called then rotors at one time - they are still used because the produce non repeatable sequeces - the fact that ROMs are userd insteaed of rotors does not change the basic nature of such systems, they depend upon the generation of random, nonrepeatable sequences, which they can do, much faster and much more securely ythan RSA systems, I like RSA systems, they have application - but they are not the begin all and end all of encryption technology - good luck

@_date: 1996-02-20 12:13:28
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Yes you are quite right - time will tell and it is you that is wrong - as time will prove - it will be my pleasure to have you eventually choke on your castigating words - to castigate be sure that you are right, and in this case, you are wrong as time will tell - wait and see -!!!!!!

@_date: 1996-02-20 15:32:41
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Answer - No, there are other things involved, time to microseconds, as well as the actual algorithm, recipient - name and relative number, and an additional user OTP. Remember that every OTP is a true OTP, and a new one is used for each transmission. The information to recreate the starting OTP is transmitted but is encrypted with the real starting OTP set,
so it is not easy to figure out what the starting OTP is.
Isuspect the answer is "yes".  However if I
  I don't know the answer to this question.
It is definitely NO: You must have the the individual OTP to XOR out the message - It is the key to the encryption, and the obvious decryption.
The algorithm is impotent without the OTP.
 Assuming it is no, then I ask you: when can
 That is true, except you have a monstrous problem with key distribution  and the generation of the OTP keys. In effect, such a system would be  can OTP system, except it would not be as clean and as fast, and as  simplye as XORing the plain text with the OTP.   I cannot argue with that characterization;however, I would point out   that a true One Time Pad must qualify as unpredictable, not   absolute random. We could generate indeterminate length OTPs but they   become unwieldy for huge files because the lengths must correspond - so   we have gone to the propogating method!   The problem is
Yes, but it would be trival and not that big of a space problem to expand to a 10,000 bit key, or even a 20,000 bit key. We simply change a few parameters, in the C programs.
 If this is so, I
We will provide you with a free demonstration if you would like. We will also provide you with the methodology in written form, but becuase of certain methods employed, we will not release the source code - we want tio buy some time.
In general, you will find the kernel of the propgations consists of 64 equation sets of the form:
       Bi=(Bi+Ci MOD Di) Mod 256             Large prime numbers         ENCRYPTEXTi=OTP[Bi] XOR PLAINTEXTi    Encryption
       OTP[Bi]=ENCRYPTEXTi                   Makes the OTP Dynamic
Where the intial Bis, Cis and Dis are all randomly selected from a tables of 2048 random prime numbers, the 5600 bit OTP is used to make the selections from the 6144 prime numbers, Dis are always larger than either Cis or Bis. The Cis and Dis are also different prime mods of 256, there might be some repeats but not many from a selection of 64 from a set of 6144. The effect is that you put a plain text character into the system and the envcrypted character is XORed against a random character and the resultant becomes a part of the dynamically changing OTP. There is a little more to it but that is the essence!
We would be most interested in allowing the cyberpunks to examine the program and use it as they like. We will provide source code for the propgation kernel, generating the large pseudo OTP from the real OTP - Actually there are two real time pads involved - a user oriented one and a message oriented one, nut that os only used to secure a user and for some smoothing operations. But that is the gist of it. Try it, you will like it:

@_date: 1996-02-21 04:23:19
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Derek - We accept the gaunlet that Cyperpunks threw down, We will provide the complete set of algoritms and free demo systems - we will not be asking you to sign a NDA or anything like that, but we do want it to be a two way street - if we put our head in your guillotene, to be chopped off by the warlord and his minions, then we expect you to perform reciprocal actions.
We will be back in a couple of hours or so, to spell out what we have in mind.  I do not believe that you will find the terms to be onerous or objectionable. Thanks for your civility, unlike some of your comrades in arms, very big arms, Greatly appreciated!
There has never been an idea advanced, where the orginator was not thought of as a crank - Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr., "Over Teacups"

@_date: 1996-02-21 06:32:13
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
I apologize but I do believe that you prejudged it without bothering to inquire of us, or inquire further. We are now anxious to cooperate with cypherpunks and let them show us how silly the system is. We will cooperate
fully, with minor but we believe accpeptableimitations and subject to reciprocation. We will not post it to Internet, but we will provide it to the Cipherpunks, a large selected set choisen by Derek Atkins or his designee. Some men are as sure of their opinions as they are of what they know -

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:00:11
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Derek - As stated previously, we accept the challenge that you make - However, we do believe that it should be a two way street -
If you are able to break the system, and everyone knows what we mean by break, then we will publicly admit that we are snake oil salesmen, and all the other things that Perry Metzger and others called us. We will go out of business, and tuck our tail and run. We will inform all major publications, WIRED, PC WEEK, PC  Magazine, PC World, Infoworld and the like that our mundane system was cracked by the cypherpunks. Furthermore: you, they,  will be free, to publish any material, any and all materials, will become the property of Cypherpunks if they break the system, inculding all of our source code - everything and they may do with it as they see fit.
On the other hand:
If the cypherpunks fail to break the system, they will  acknowledge that, not that it is unbreakable, but that they tried to break the system and were unable to do so, Furthermore, they will so notify all the major publications, and news sources that they tried break the system and failed - not that it is unbreakable but simply that they could not break it. Further, that all materials supplied to Cypherpunks will be returned to us, and will not be published without our explicit written permission, unless the Cypherpunks later break the system. That if you have not broken the system by August 1, 1996 the expiration date of the demo system to be provided to you, then we are
free to advertise that Cypherpunks have been trying to break our system and have been unable to so to that date, Further the cypherpunks will publicly acknowledge same as indicated previously. You can still try to break the system and publish the results, and obtain all of our souce code, materials and whatsoever when you do. However, you must do so with a purchased system and not a free demo system.
You can have infinity to try to break the system, but you cannot have that long to publicly admit that you have been unable to break it to date. I believe 5+ months is long enough to prove how easy it is to break, don't you.
If Cypherpunks are unable to break the system, then those who participated in the attempt will upbrade those cypherpunks, I at this stage prefer to call them cyphermouths, who have leaped before they looked, from a list supplied by us, based on received e-mail, in effect tell them to find out what they are talking about -before they start spouting off. Accordingly: We will not publish the algorithms on an Internet URL, for reasons that you, yourself, will soon come to understand. But we will provide it to a a very large selected set, you or your designee can do the selection, so long as all thosee selection are within the United States, of cypherpunks as follows:
 1. We will provide a 12 user integrated demo system, each outfitted with     240 Nvelopes, and Nvelopeners, read OTPs. These will not be the     5600 bit systems, discusssed in the many e-mail messages that have     been flowing back and forth, but will be our new 12288 bit systems,     which we have been working on since yesterday, since everyone seemed     to focus in on the 5600 bit OTPs - the algorithms themselves do not     change, only parametric values, but it will take a couple of days to     double check everything.     These are in effect single user systems, but for your purposes,     you may treat them as a site system. You may distribute them to     any twelve sites in the United States - You may not knowingly     deliver then into the hands of citizens of a country other than     the United States, not even Canadians. Nor may you make copies of     them and send them to anyone other than the 12 selected sites. Each     of the sites may of course communicate back and forth using the     system - be sure and don't include anything private because it is     so easy to break.      At each site, an unlimited number of people may work on cracking the     system, without limitation, but they must agree to the terms     set out herein in this offer.  Such participants may travel to a site     and work on it, but all work must be done at a site, not off     premises, at home or whatever -  the site may be operated 168 hours
    a week if desired, but no offsite work.    After the 20 User pair Nvelopes are exhausted, the DEMO system will be    set to recycle through the Nvelopes/Nvelopeners automatically,  this    means, as you might expect, that there is a finite chance, very    remote but possible, that you may get one or more exact OTP repeats     which means that you will be able to XOR out the OTP used, not the    orginal but the one actually used - that doers not count as breaking    the system, because it exists only as a convenience to continue    testing the system without interruption. For production systems, this    does not happen, cannot happen, unless you bugger your own, or allow    someone else to,system.        Also both performance and interface critisms are off limits during the    five months, unless you break the system of course - by then you may    crtique the performance, if you do it under lab conditions - a    defragmented disk with at least 10 times data free, ie. compare    apples to apples, not apples to oranges. We have been focusing on the    OTP aspects of the system, to the detriment of performance and    interface. For a first release though, we believe you will find them    acceptable - we will have a full windows 95 interface and    increased performance, hopefully by the time you break the    system, within the next few months. 2. We will also supply 12 complete sets of the algorithms used, and    orally clarify any questions or ambiguities that may arise. However,    we will not submit to being unundated by a barrage of repetitious    questions - no more than three cypherpunks may be appointed as    questioners of IPG sales, and we are to be notified in writing,
   of who those appointees are. Inquiries from others will be directed to    one those three.
   The algorithms must be worked on at sight, other than some innoculous    trail and error processes and procedures which may be worked on at    home - no publication of same until you break the system.
Okay, enough badgering of each other - we deliberately did so yesterday, as some of you did, but now is the time for the cypherpunks, and for a few of what I will call cyphermouths, to put up or shut up. Assuming that you accept, we will supply any designee with the 12 sets, of materials, by UPS Next Day Air, and you may distrbute them as desired,  subject to the above restrictions - we want to fight one problem at a I somehow hope that you are able to include my good friend, "joke for him I am sure but serious from me", Perry in one of the twelve sites, so he can show us how stupid we are. Two of the best computer system engineers that I have ever known had the last name Metzger, Bob and Charles, who was blind - anyway good luck Perry, you are going to need it. We await your reply - assuming you accept, we will deliver the materials, one of the first three days of next week.
"He who laces himself into the straight jacket of what he knows and understands, imprisions his mind" - Willian Friedman memoirs - spoken to JVN, and Norbert Weiner, of MIT, at Princeton -

@_date: 1996-02-21 13:45:34
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Lucky - you know the answer to that, several people have access to Cray's and the like - you must prove that we have an exploitable flaw, not just claim it - everyone claims it smokes and mirrors, why are you not willing to  go ahead and decipher a message - everyone claimed it was so easy - why are the cypherpunks so quite all of a sudden, we have been getting about 5 messages an hour up until we accepted Dereks challenge - now we have not received any messages for over five hours until we received yours. If it is so EASY, JUST GO AHEAD AND DO IT!

@_date: 1996-02-21 16:52:38
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
B>         * what information and/or materials IPG will release
It seems to me that Cypherpunks, the mailing list of individuals, has a very practical solution to the argument - Derek asked for certain things - we agreed fully with those terms  - we will provide the complete set of algorithms employed - we will also provide a free demo system(s) - > Unlike Mr. Silvernail, we have a much simplier definition of what we mean by a one time pad - given a message/file of length N, where N is a finite practical number say less than 10 to the 1000th power, that the encrypted ciphertext can be any of the N to the 256th power possibile clear/plain text messages/files.  To prove that the IPG system does not work, all you have to do is to prove that is not the case - that our system, without artifically imposed boundary conditions will generate a subset of those possibilities  - that is simple and strsight forward - not hyperbole but action - everyone stated how simple it was to break the system,
now everyone is back paddling aa fast as they can, like Mr. Metzger and some of the other big bad cyphermouths. Put up or shut up - why is everyone all of a sudden backing away from what Derek proposed - because we proposed a two way street -  operhaps that is the real underlying problem - you are suddenly afraid that you are wrong - some of the cyphermouths want to argue semantics and abstract theory but no one wants to prove anything one way or the other - this is also my answer to Mr. Metzger - do as you like, I have absolutely no ability to force you to do anything, just like you have no ability to prove us wrong, absolutely zero ability, just talk, talk, and more talk - no substamce anymore - just talk - talk - we are the big bad wolf, doctor,  that is going to kill our patients, you have the power to prevent that Perry - why don't you do it? You had rather sit omn the sideliunes and tell everyone how great you are - you are not concerned about the patients like you claimed yesterday, you are only concerned about youself - You have the ability to try to prove us wrong - do it. How about some action from someone, we have two taker - now, anymore?
I do not want to argue semantics with Mr. Silvernail, or Mr. Metzger - they have an opinion - that does not prove them right - they are entitled to their opinion - but they would rather castigate us out of hand than prove us wrong - they want to talk, talk, talk but not do anything. It is obviously that both are dodging the issue, by taking their own narrow minded view of what is and is not the truth  - both are all talk but no action - a lot of bull and arbitrary  posturing, but that is all itis, pure unadultarated bull - .
They are afraid they may be wrong and they most assuredly are - I believe our offer to be fair, let us hear what Derek has to say when he gets around to it. Let Derek, Inccarth, and Adam be the aribtion committee, decide whether the system is fataklly flawed or not - we will accept their findings subject to only one caveat, that they have the intellectual honesty to tell the truth. I believe that since Mr. Silvernail and Mr. Metzger have exluded themselves, that Derek, Inccarth and Adam do have that intellectual honesty to tell the truth - is that weighted too much in IPGs favor.   Also, let them decide and report to the other Cypherpunks, whether we were justified in witholding broad dissemination of certain materials -
the onlu caveat there is that they wait threee months, or until they break the system to make that report, and again conform to a high standard of intellectual honesty. What can be more fair than that, you own members can be the entire judging committee - are you afraid of the truth - if you cannot accept that you are. Tthat could be your only real reason fornot  facing it. I believe that many of you are now backtracfking because you are afraid of the truth - we invite whatever number you might choose to try - if some subset of Cyberpunks break the system, then they can publish everything -
Sigh -

@_date: 1996-02-22 08:20:46
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Hedging, hedging, hedging - why? I did not noitice this in my first reply - in addition to giving you the company if you can break the system, we will give you the company if you can establish, through our employees or any other method, that we retain any Ocopies of the TPs, any! - for very large systems, we maintain a temporary copy to insure safe arrival, by excuting the check system menu item - it is immediate destroyed upon system notification. Anyone that wants to audit us cazn do so, unannounced at any time - subject to payment ofd expenses! We do not keep copies, we would not be in business 30 days if we did.

@_date: 1996-02-22 07:26:04
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Tim  - Thank you for your open mindess -  Perhaps you, Lucky and some of the others would like to know how the manufacturing process is done:
1. The OTPs are generated on a standalone diskette only system, no hard    disk, networking or anything else - they are generated in packets,    10 Nvelopes, or OTPs at a time - a however many packets will fit on a    diskette - currently 120 packets, but that may go down -  the    diskettes are not labelled,  or identifed in any way.
2. From there, they go to QC - we perform:
   A: Full autocorrelation to determine if there is any singing,       ringing, reverberation, RFI,  or other anomalies present -
      if so discarded, if not continued -
   B. Cross Correlation to determine the existence of staccatic noise        or discontinuities if any - if so discaarded - if not continued
   C. Bit, Character, and Couplet, Triplet tests for Standard Deviation,       Chi Square - Delta ICs (Deltas on incremental changes), First       Differences, Second Differences, and a repaeating sequnce test -)       These all must pass threshold tests. They are not perfect, to do so       would destroy randomness, but they must meet certain thresholds.       If they fail to pass  then they are discarded - if they pass -
      still no labels but-
   D. System Integration - if they are to be downloaded to a customer,          they are encrypted for that customer - off line on a network system       - but directly from diskette to encrypted form - no labels or       anything to identify the data sets. So now it resides off line in a       form that can be sent encrypted to the customer. This system does       allow decryption, only encryption.
   E. It is then loaded onto a Internet capable system and       transmitted to the customer -    F. If the system is is a first time delivery - a template is used to       design the system - number of users, user types - and the like -       the data is unlabelled - there is no way to determine what the data
      is. The system is still unlabelled at this point - but the system       size is noted from a manufacture order but no designation of who it       is to be sent to - it is then sent to shipping where labels from       shipping orders are finally assigned.
      Where during this process do employees have access to the dqta to       make copies or determine what the OTPs are?
      Furthermore: For those unsatisfied with the security set out                    above, as soon as we can get it set up properly, we                    will invite any customer who so desires to come to                    our facilities and  manufacture there own OTPs on                    their own computers - hard drives disconnectd - in                    a RFI and radiation shielded environment - they can                    manufacture six months supply, or a year or                    whatever -         Additionally, we will not - repeat will not comply with any         court order to supply copies to anyone - we will go to jail or be         shut down first and always -
There is a lot more, but that is a general rundown - Thank you again for yuour openmindness - we are sure that we cannot satisgfy anyone about the integrity of our security - our manufacturing employees - primarily middle aged women operators with little if any technical expertise - do not have any access to the OTPs.
Ralph Stubborness and stupidity are twins - Sophocles

@_date: 1996-02-22 07:40:23
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
We are reconsidering the Canadian restrictions - and may change them -
it is certainly not the ITAR quexstion, but another matter - we expect that Canadians will be included shortly - as to the question of using Cypherpunks - we are not saying taht we will not make changes based on any weaknesses that you discover, we will - but we do believe that if you fail to break the system with a spevfic time frame, that is fair game.
Why do you want to make it a one way street? We believe fair is fair - if you want to chop off our neck, then we should be able to tell people that you tried and could not at some point in time - Ralph There is no subject so old that something new cannot be said about it - Dostovesty - A Diary of a Writer

@_date: 1996-02-22 09:50:28
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
I find less and less disagreeement with your comments - with one major exception - for a given message length - say 10 to the 500th power, a OTP seeded algorithm, a better term would be to call it an OTP driven algorithm,  can produce the exact same effect as an OTP of that length - that is, the encrypted text can be any possible message of that length, and it is not possible to predict in way what the RNG generated stream
is - We can prove that to your or anyone eleses satisfaction - It obviously fails to do that somewhat short of infinity, but not short of what is  needed to prove system integrity for practical limits. If all the paricles in the Universe, 10 to the 80th, were Cray T3Es, and they had been calculating since the big bang, according to my rough calculations, it would still take over 10 to the 370th power years to just generate the message possibilities -for a 10 to the 500th power message length possibilities - we assert that if it can do that, and it can, it functions like a OTP of that length - and is unbreakable We also have a light, but only a slight disagreement, about whether the the key is truly symmetrical - we assert that because of the aprticlaur data feedback system employed it is not symmetrical, but that is entirely beside the point, we believe 10 to the 500th, or whatever should be sufficient Appreciatively, Ralph

@_date: 1996-02-22 09:08:50
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Mike, the keys are encrypted with an OTP that only the intended recipient can open - a special, subsystem used for that purpose only - employing the same techniquers, but entirely separate and apart from the primary user system -  any inteceptor would have to break trhe system, which we claim is impossible.

@_date: 1996-02-22 12:11:21
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
We fess up - we are pig farmers from TexasL, we never have been to these high fluting things you call schools, so we do not even know what you are talking about, much less anything about Cryptography.

@_date: 1996-02-22 09:58:41
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
I do not recall that I said that we would retain you - The question was asked about unbiased judges - we simply stated that we would agree to you, Derek, and Immcarth as Judges - As I recall, it was Derek who asked for the Algorithms employed for investigation by the Cypherpunks, as he referred to them as a loose knit organization - but if you prefer, we will call them a mailing list - running fakers like us out of business should be its own reward Please do as you choose - you too  seem to be skating - please put up or shutup - I do not mean to be rude, and apolgise, but everytime we agree to something, everyone wants more - Appreciatively, The greater our knowledge increases, the greater our ignorance unfolds
- John F. Kennedy at Rice University

@_date: 1996-02-24 19:50:37
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Dan, We do not asked that all the people on the Cypherpunks mailing list sign anything - not even the ones that particpate in the testing - they sign nothing and agree to nothing other than to be intellectually honest - there is nothing for anyone to sign - We have complied with Derek's request, why are so many of you starting to protest - are you afraid of the truth? Obviously so - or you would not be so timid - some of you have snapped at the opportunity to test the system, the others are obviously skating backwards as fast as they can,
Ralph Converstaion between Ralph and Charles Metzger, paraphrase -
Charles Metzger, was a brillant Docturate of Applied Mathematics, who was blinded duribng his twenties  - he became a programmer, using punched cards at first and later braille Ralph: You amaze me Charles, you are the most precisioned programmer that        I know - I bet 20% of your programs run the first time.
Charles: Not that much, probably more like 10%, you know what          Panchatantra said ?
Ralph: No what? Charles: Knowledge is the true organ of sight, not the eyes.
Ralph: I could not agree more -
It is obvious that some Cypherpunks true vision are not nearly so astute as Charles was - not nearly, they are blinded by their arbitrary dogmatism

@_date: 1996-02-24 19:47:31
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
"Stubborness and dogmatism are the surest signs of stupidity - is there  anything more resolute and disdainful than an ass!" Montaigne
You have an yellow streak down your back  infinitely wide - you may or may not be a physical coward but you are certainly an intellectual coward - you have the opportunity to save human lives, as you asserted and you just brushed that asside -
Who said that we are expanding OTP's - we are using them to drive RNG's please read my mail back and forth with Derek and Roy Silvernail,  I belive that both of then recognize that an extremely large key, 2 to some large number, let us say for the time being 2 to 12288 bits can be derived from a OTP when generated- If you ever learn to listen, then you might recognize that there might be more to this than meets the eye - you have been given the opportunity to save all these lives - so do so - break our system and prove what fakers we are - no, you are afraid of that- you want to sit on the sidelines and cheer, cheer on the homew team - a spectator, afraid of the truth athat wants to hide behind some stupid dogms that he spouts on and on - come on Perry, show us how easy it is to break the system - save all those lives that you were talking about

@_date: 1996-02-23 16:10:20
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Yes, in trying to answer all the questions you that were posed, we made that mistake, obviously it was a typo - unlike so many of you, we are not perfect - the 10 to the 1000 is correct though

@_date: 1996-02-23 16:04:50
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Perry, fractions of what you say are true, but only small fractions,
Stubborness and stupidity are twins - Save all those lives you were talking about a few days agao, show us how easy it is to break the system - and reqad the messages form others - you are spouting a bunch of supercilious crap and everyone else knows that, except maybe you, you are obviously too stupid to recognize that - please save all those lives at stake

@_date: 1996-02-25 03:27:33
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Thank you very much for your suggestion. I do not know if you have noticed or not,  but we have already done that, with the exception of private mail to a very few unspecified individuals, and this letter alone among all of the dozens of C'punk and other letters, we have suspended replying to the attacks. Please also note, that other than to four selected cypher lists, generic, we have made no postings to usenet, or listserve groups. We are eager for your cooperation, but there are problems
with complying to some of your requests. Give us a chance to explain that to a few of your people, and we will get back with you. Also, please read my revised response below,
I believe that the first priority is establish the strength, or lack thereof, of the algorithms, Everything else is irrelevant unless that can be established one way or the other. Accordingly, I am taking the necessary to initiate that effort. Please be patient, for a few days.
Appreciatively yours,
Ralph,   That applies to even you Perry - the appreciative part that is
The following has been revised:

@_date: 1996-03-20 01:57:45
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: The return of the IPG Unbreakable System 
Ladies and Gentlemen -
For the last three plus weeks, some of the members of the C'Punks list have had the IPG algorithms in their possesion. None, to date have suggested that the system is unbreakable - to the contrary a few have stated that they believe it is unbreakable, but do not want to go on the record yet. I invite those that have copies of the system to acknowledge that fact and to state their opinions, if any. Some of these people have been helpful, and we have adopted some of their suggestions. For example, we are now call the encryption method, the ABC encryption method, because in the opinion of one person, it is so simple, straightforward and appropos as you will see. However, we want to expedite things. Accordingly, as of this date, we are now prepared to release the complete set of algorithms to any member of the C'punks mailing list who can establish that they are:
  1. A citizen of the United States
  2. Or a Citizen of Canada.
We are willing to prove incontrovertibly, to your satisfaction, that the IPG ABC Encryption system is at once as secure, in the real sense, as a true OTP,
or a pure 3064 bit prime number pair RSA system, and absolutely the fastest system possible, excepting possibly very short messages because of setup time. That is a lot of Chutzpah, but we are prepared to back it up, as you will see. We are prepared now, to send you a set of materials that can postively establish both of those assertions for yourself, beyond any doubt whatsoever. No ifs, no ands, no buts, no maybes, no anything. Period.
Our agenda is very simple.
   1. To prove beyond any doubt whatsoever that the system is absolutely       unbreakable, and the fastest unbreakable system possible.
   2. After that is agreed to, to prove beyond any doubt that the       system is extremely simple and by far the easiest to use and operate.
   3. That combined with RSA, or without RSA for that matter, the key       distribution system is as secure and simple as any method       available, including the public-private key method. No human ever       gets involved, it is all fully automatic and uncorruptable.
   4. That the key generation will be made to conform to your       requirements - either by licensing the process to you, or by       having an oversight group such as one of the Big Six, to       provide continuous monitoring of the process to insure that no       copies are kept and no one has access to the process. We can       resolve any question you have in this regard.    5. That an interchange system will be implemented that provides       the same degree of absolute guarantee of privacy, yet the two        parties do not even have each others key. Yes it can be done,       guaranteed. A few of you already know how, because they have the       written copies of our materials.
Temporarily however, we will only address point one. We will address the other four points after point one has been settled
It will not take most of you weeks, or even days to establish that the
IPG system is absolutely unbreakable, and that no system can possibly
be faster. Most of you will be able to do it in a day, or even in a few hours, it is that simple. I suspect the reason that the few who have the materials are not ready to committ themselves is because they cannot believe their eyes and mind - it cannot be possible - something must be wrong. It is not though. What they see and what their minds are telling them is true. It is absolutely unbreakable and no digital system could possibly be faster. In all fairness though, we have only provided them with the materials necessary for them to conduct there own tests within the last 48 hours, so testing may still be under way. It is much faster than RD5, IDEA, DES or anything else available in the software version  and with hardware implementation it can
be made orders of magnitude faster, 1000s of times faster than those mentioned, or any Feistel type system or or any other system,
of which we are aware. It is ideally suited to hardware implementation,
with multilevels of parallelism,  simple and practicable.  We will send you a complete set of materials necessary for you to evaluate and test the system this date subject to the following.  1. You provide us with a telephone number that we can call you tonight     to verify that you have an American or Canadian citizen, with a phone     in one of those two countries. 2. That you provide us with an American or Canadian snail-mail
   address - we will send six of you, selected at random, registered    copies of the materials provided to you, with some more detail,    mainly relating to hardware implementation, though that is discussed
   in the Internet version.  3. That you agree to abide by ITAR, as well as by applicable copyrights    and patents. That with respect to ITAR, that you will not provide a    copy of the materials to anyone but you may tell them that IPG is    making the materials available.   Be forewarned again, we will not respond to any attacks made based upon any opinions, suppositions, hypotheses, guesses, thoughts, or anything else other than the facts. Nor will we respond to any of the same sort of things related to Key Distribution or the like other than to reiterate that we will license the manufacture of keys for the system. If you are an engineer, you will be amazed by how simple hardware implementation is, serial, simple one dimensional parallelism, and two level parrallelism, unbelievably so. We intend to license the manufacture of chips.
So there my C'punk list friends. You threw down the gaunlet and challenged us. We accepted your challenge. Now, we are throwing down the gauntlet. To reiterate, we assert:
     1. That IPG's ABC Encryption system it is absolutely proveably         unbreakable, even to the point of quickly being self evidently         so to most of you with any signficant mathematical background.
     2. That is the fastest possible method of producing an unbreakable         PRNG stream to be XORed with plain text -      3. That it is unbelieveably simple to implement and use, as simple         as one of your associates said, as ABC.
Some of you have spoken your piece without one iota of facts. We want all of you on the list to see the facts for yourself, It will make believers of you. Especially, we want those that jumped into the swimming pool, the fray, without anything other than dogma or opinions
to see what the real facts are and how wrong they were.
I close with three quotes:
 1. The person who never alters their opinion is like standing water, and     breeds reptiles of the mind. William Blake. "The Marriage of Heaven     and Hell."
 2. It is the uncompromisingness with which dogma is held that the danger     lies.  Samuel Butler - "The Way of All Flesh,"   3. If we value knowledge, we must be free to follow wherever that     search may lead us. The free mind is no barking dog, to be tethered on     a ten-foot chain. Adlai Stevenson.     Paraenthetically, IPG will not be tethered to a one pico meter chain     that a few of you insist on trying to do.
We urge you to take up this challenge. It is going to have far reaching implications for your clients and for your companies. It is the wave of the future, as you will quickly discover.

@_date: 1996-03-21 05:59:51
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: The return of the IPG Unbreakable System (fwd) 
Derek and others, In view of the anonymous remailer's calim to have broken the simple system, which as you and others who have had the system for a period
time know, we have had some reservations about. The effect on the 5600 bit system, and the 12288 bit system, are unkown at this time. Our tests indicate that there is not any effect at all on the 12,288 bit system. The 5600 bit system, which is indentical to the system described in our release, except that the D values, are used as an index to one, or two tables of random characters, 512 characters, or 2 - 256 characters, may be effected by a known plain text attack, we do not think so but we are running a battery of tests. The anonymous remailer may be able to confirm or deny that, since that person will presumably receive this letter. The addition is trival, that is the system is identicalin all respects to that set out, which was described accurately by the remailer, except that instead of XORing the D value, the D value is used as an index into a table(s) of random characters, that is the random seed is 5600 bits instead of 1792. That was one reason for providing large random seeds in our release. Our analysis as of 3:00pm CST 3-19-96, indicates that the D values are not recoverable, but we stand to be proven wrong. This system is only fractionally slower, for obvious reasons, than the simple one directly
using the D values directly, described previously. Incidentally, for those concerned, it is as you know, the one that the IPG software in your possesion uses.
Note: There was one error in the description, that is 13568 ANDed to the 8 bit random seed to get starting A values, it is not a C word AND but the assembly langauge sequnce of moving successive AL values into AX, where AH is fixed at 35, thus the effect is the same as an add, (or a byte AND of the random charcter to a zero AL) - the result is a number in the range of 13,568 to 13,823.
Further, with respect to the simple system described in our release, we believe that the trimming procedure, that as some of you know, we used for another purpose - to eliminate the perceived problem of more frequent
close pairs, on the average more  0,0's as opposed to 0,255's, defeats the plain text attack, though it may require the jump start as we have described - running the system through a few iterations before commencing the actual encryption. The effect of this, as has been described to some of you, is that some of the D's are not used, that portion of each C value that is not an even multiple of 256, for example 14009 MOD 256 is 185. Thus, those values where A[i] > 13824 are not used to XOR against the plain text - this is easily done in ASM by simply comparing the high order 8 bits, of A[i] with the high order 8 bits of C[i], if they are equal, then the XOR does not take place - thus the 64 interval is not applicable, it is variable depending upon the randomly selected C values.
Without having the known 64 interval as a constant, I believe that the system is still solid. As those of you heretofore privy to that information know, that modification to the system system takes about 10% more time, than the system that was "cracked." Maybe, we need to do both this and use the 5600 byte system. We will appreciate any input in this regard. If we must go to the 12288 byte system, the system will be slower. However, as many of you know, it is still extremly fast but not as fast as either of the other two versions. With the 12,288 bit system. Our tests indicate that nothing but random values, can be obtained by either known plain text attack or by pattern recognition methodologies, those of which we are aware, on the 12,288 bit system.
Those of you who have had all of the materials will understand the foregoing. With the information provided heretofore, you can determine  the effect on the other two systems. Also, those people will know my expressed fear of a premature announcement, such as that which has now been made, would have. This was the reason, that I resisted so strongly the release of the materials to the C'punks list though a few of you recommended that I do so. Perhaps we should have released everything? Who knows. However, in any case, that is water
over the dam and IPG must go on from here. It is only another of the many mistakes that we will undoubtedly make along the way. Having said that though, we must go back to our prior evaluation method, a strict confidential mode. However, I believe that we have added several very good additional people who can help to analyze the system.
In view of the willful violation of our confidential release, without knowing everything involved, and putting it out on the Internet, please be advised that other than those who have heretofore been evaluating the system, we will make no further releases except on a highly selective basis. The dozens of you who have requested copies of the materials,and have not yet received them, please be patient until we can get back on track. On a selected basis, we will provide then to you, after discussing it with each of you privately. Obviously, this breech occurred from yesterdays posting since no mention was made of the 5600 bit or 12,288 bit random seed systems. Therefore, we intend to be very careful from now on. Accordingly, this will be the last letter posted to the entire cypherpunks list for the time being. If any reader posts something to the entire Cypherpunks list, do not expect any response to from IPG, there will be none.
Perhaps a battle has been lost, maybe even probably? But the war is not over, not by a long shot - with minor modifications this system is absolutely secure as events will prove. However, be assured that we will not sell our product to anyone until that can be definitively established. We greatly appreciate the contribution of some of those on the cypherpunks mailing list, including the anonymous remailer, have made. We hope that someway can be found for that person to continue to cooperate with us, since we are herein obviously providing information that can be evaluated. If that person will communicate with us privately, in remailer form, including a PGP public key, we will post
our response to the C'Punks list in encrypted form, or suggest an alternate approach.
To many of you, you will be hearing from us tomorrow - to the remaining of you, some of whom have objected to our providing you with unsolicited information, which we mistakenly thought that you would want, you will hear from us soon, depending upon the findings made by your C'punk list associates and others.
Thanks kindly,

@_date: 1996-10-16 18:30:42
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Q.E.D. 
Some of you have sardonically written to say "Nihil Est
         Demonstrandum," N.E.D. because an OTP must be derived from a
         hardware source, that is, it must be a pure random sequence
         of limitless entropy. Accordingly, they unbashfully assert
         that an OTP generated by a computer program is not possible.
         How do they know that? Does the Bible tell them so, or the
         Koran, or do they get it from the Torah? Why not cite the
         source of their certainty instead of advancing an unsupported
         proposition.  I do not mean to be rude, but excuse me, what
         scientific proof can they offer for that immovable avowal?
         There is no scientific proof whatsoever, none at all, except
         for the words and their steadfast, and maybe self serving,
         postulate.  Accordingly, obviously it is they, not us, who are
         the ones that have "Nihil Est Demonstrandum," in this matter.
         There is not one scintilla of sustainable evidence to support
         such a doctrine.
         While the vast majority of people knowledgeable about
         cryptography have not heretofore believed that it is possible
         for software to produce an OTP, that does not make it a
         scientific fact, but merely means it is the consensus of
         scientific opinion that it is not possible. With all due
         respect to Bruce, and his exceptional work, Paul, Roy and many          others who obviously know the subject matter of which we speak, I
         offer that  history is replete with scientists supplying proof of
         the seemingly impossible.
         In support of their position, some have pointed out that John
         von Neumann, to paraphrase, stated that ARITHMETIC cannot
         produce random numbers, a thesis which I agree with; but
         where is that, in any way inconsistent with IPG's position on
         EUREKA?  IPG has produced a system to generate software OTPs,
         albeit it within limited but but more than ample entropy, not
         software random numbers.
         We stipulate the obvious fact that the encryptor stream
         generated by EUREKA is a PRNG stream, though we do consider
         it gross denigration to castigate it as ONLY a PRNG stream.
         It is a PRNG issue that also happens to be an extremely well
         behaved OTP sequence, with limited but ample entropy, as well.
         It meets each and every criteria rationally established for an
         OTP in all reasonable aspects. Subjected to any and all
         statistical analyses, the EUREKA PRNG stream manifests itself as
         being random, though we know, as a scientific fact, that it is
         not.
         To substantiate that posit, and unlike the consensus of
         scientific opinion, obviously N.E.D., that believes that
         software cannot produce an OTP, IPG offers "Quod Erat
         Demonstrandum," Q.E.D. scientific proof that we can produce
         a humungous number of software OTPs sufficient to meet any and
         all current or future requirements.
         You do not need to be an Einstein, a Hawking, or a von
         Neumann, to understand the fundamental basis of the IPG
         EUREKA algorithm. Succinctly as I can , that is, given a truly
         random key of entropy N, and possibly truly random look up tables
         of combined entropy M, it is possible to generate up to N
         streams of characters of a length in this case of
         approximately 10^223, that manifest themselves as true OTPs.
         Think about that simple supposition for a moment. What do we
         mean by an OTP? We mean that an OTP is a stream of
         characters, or numbers, that cannot be derived in the
         absence of the key that was used to generate them, or
         alternately by trying all possibilities of that said key.
         Thus, when using the resultant as an encryptor stream, the
         only information derivable from the ciphertext is the
         determination of the maximum possible length. Furthermore,
         by using the exclusionary proof, you cannot preclude any
         possible message of that said length.
         If you think through that hypothesis, it becomes clear that
         such is not precluded by von Neumann's proffer, or by
         fundamental mathematical principles. The question then, is
         how can you go about doing that? That is all that IPG has
         done.  We have figured out a mathematical certain way, (
         Q.E.D.), of generating N number, or rather a number very
         close to N, of OTPs from a given key of entropy N, and we can
         prove it.
         Not only that, but you can prove it to yourself, Q.E.D.  We
         maintain that it is discernible to any knowledgeable person
         who probes the algorithm, that the only analytical tack that
         can be mounted against EUREKA is brute force and that is
         patently impossible.. One of your Cpunk colleagues says he
         uses Triple DES, 168 bits, and he does not believe that it
         can be brute forced - I agree, 3-DES, 10^50+ possibilities,
         cannot be brute forced now, or in the foreseeable future -
         then what about the EUREKA's 10^34322 possibilities,
         10^34271+ greater than 3-DES? No way, not now, not ever.
         Furthermore, EUREKA is an order, or more, magnitude faster
         than triple DES, easier to use, much more secure, etal.
         Another has suggested that if the key, and all the variables
         are hacked, then the system can be compromised. That is true,
         but again excuse me, does not that apply to any system,
         whether it be RSA, PGP, IDEA, and yes also a hardware sourced
         OTP.  EUREKA's only edge in that regard is that built in
         means that facilitate safeguards which minimize such risks.
         EUREKA is not a panacea for all your encryption needs.  RSA,
         PGP, ENTRUST, and other systems fill very important
         exigencies. Where EUREKA shines brightest is in two important
         strategic user applications:
            1. To set up a permanent line of Internet/intranet
               communication privacy between two, or a group of,
               individuals. As a result, pass phrases, session
               encryption keys, and other work impediments of that
               genre can be largely eliminated.
               While applicable to everyone, this is especially true
               of newbies, computer novices, technophobes, and other
               non-techies.
               It is much faster, easier to use, and more flexible
               than other systems for this application. As such, it is
               ideal for intranets, or mixed Internet/intranet
               systems.
            2. To protect your private hard disk files, programs or
               data, from compromise by hackers and interlopers. In
               this application it is unsurpassed because differential
               analysis of changing files is rendered impossible and
               it is extremely fast.
         See for yourself. Prove it to yourself, Q.E.D. The IPG
         algorithm is available at:
                                        or a condensed version at:
                            P.S. My resume can also be found there

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:38:01
@_author: IPG Sales 
@_subject: Q.E.D. reply to petty MESSger 
As in so many other cases, you are so F.O.S. that it is
unbelievable. Your eminence pontificating about it does make
it true. Furthermore, Shannon certainly did not prove that
physically random numbers are required to provide what he termed "perfect
security." I believe that closer reading and interpretation will reveal
that what he was saying was that any mathematical series other than truly
random numbers can theoretically be reconstructed by some means, including
brute force, should that be required.  Obviously that is true.
I do not disagree with the fact that brute force can be used to
attack the algorithm that I have advanced. It you try all of the
possible OTPs, PRNG encryptor streams, against the ciphertext, then only
a limited few and maybe only one meaningful plain text can be obtained.
There is absolutely no dispute about that. Accordingly, Shannon
is quite correct in saying that it is not "perfect." It is not perfect in
a mathematical sense, and in that limited sense only, you are correct.
However to try all possibilities, is mathematically impossible - thus the
algorithm must be attacked analytically - as EVEN you, or anyone else,
will be able to clearly see, if you examine the algorithm, it cannot be
attacked analytically. My algorithm most certainly does NOT produce a theoretical pure Random
Number Stream, accordingly it is a PRNG, but it most certainly does
produce an OTP that meets each and every requirement of such, other
than some theoretical definition that you seek to impose on it by your
dogmatic words. You do not have to take my word for it, the FULL
ALGORITHM, which has never before been published, is set out on our web
site.  There is no mathematical proof that my PRNG streams are not an OTP -
because they are OTPs. There are 156.8816 megabytes of raw encryptor
stream data at our site. They constitute 10 OTPs, all using the same key,
only the message numbers vary.but with different message numbers only.
You are so vane, so crass, so dogmatic, so blinded by your opinions,
that you obviously look at yourself in the mirror wheneever given the
opportunity. You do niot know what the hell you are constantly
pontificating about. talking aboutand including the one under discussion
herein. Why not show everyone your prowess by telling us what the key and
the As, Bs, and Cs, are they were used to generate the 156.8816 megabytes
referred to above. Of course, you cannot, so you bray like an ass to cover
up your crypto impotence.
  See above
 See above
See above and below
See above
See above and below.
It is absolutely possible, Q.E.D.
More of your meaningless B.S. - Obviously you wrote your reply before
you read my entire message.
You saying it, like a lot of other supercilious crap that oozes out of
you brain as "write bites," does not make it so. All kinds of crap is
running loose up there, you need to get it under control someway. It is absolutely not perfect in the Shannon sense, but it does not have to
be theoretically perfect to fulfill the requirement of being an OTP. You
definition of an OTP, or a OTP as you mistakenly refer to it, is an
extraneous mathematical definition that people have mistakenly
extrapolated from Shannon.   There you go again, pulling things out of you crazy hat, head, running
off at the brain again, stating a falsehood and hoping that people will
overlook it. I assume that you held a seance with von Neumann and he told
you that from the great beyond, since that is clearly not what he said. A
careful reading of von Neumann does not reveal that he said one thing and
meant another. He used the word ARITHMETIC, if he meant something else he
world have said so. Furthermore, he was referring random numbers, and to
repeat emphatically, my algorithm is a PRNG, but  it  also happens to be
an OTP, as we can prove. Q.E.D.    It is a stream cipher, but it is also an OTP, just as a hardware sourced
RNG is a stream cipher that is also an OTP.
Did you see the movie, Dumb and Dumber - you are obviously getting dumber
and dumber and dumber - would I have come back to you 5 months later with
the same thing - you are obviously brain dead - as I have stated on
numerous occasions, the previous proffer was only a part of the overall
algorithm, to solicit help from some of the cypherpunks, which I did get. The so
called breaking with "Known Plain Text," was an absolute farce, it
would have applied to only one message where it could be applied, if at
all - it did not apply to the whole system, each OTP was, and is
completely different - but that is beside the point, we did make some
changes to negate other possible attacks, but those were modest changes.
Any one that looks at the algorithm, which obviously, as a self proclaimed
crypto Diety, you have not deign to do, can determine that it is in now
way what you have looked at before.
I am sorry God! I did not understand that was one of PETTY MESSger's
Commandments. You say that Shannon, or you, or someone can prove that
mathematically, so let's see someone do it. 156.8816 megabytes of raw
encryptor stream output should be enough to work with - if you need more,
I can provide same.   I agree  that theoretically it can be broken by
brute force but that is patently impossible as you can quickly discern if
you examine the algorithm and try it, instead of salivating your
mouth off with baseless blabber. Obviously, my algorithm does not produce
a pure random stream. I agree with Shannon that it is not "perfect,"
but it most certainly is perfect enough to meet any and all practical
requirements, now and forever. There you go again, strutting about and spreading your pretentious turkey
droppings, manure,  all over the place. As you know, I headed the OTP group at NSA, and while there I conceived and
implemented, under the direction of Abraham Sinkov, Dottie Bloome, Leon
O'mera and William J. Cherry, LONE STAR, the Library of ONe time pad
Encryption Statistical Analysis Routines. I was responsible for the
generation and computer analysis of OTPs at NSA. I have worked on
thousands of OTPs, both in the generation of, and comprehensive analysis
of same, including looking for repetitive usage of the same OTP, including
direct as well as nth degree derivatives, over the last 40 years, at NSA
and at Mauchly-Wood. I make no claim that I am the world's greatest OTP
authority, or even an authority on them like you obviously THINK you are,
but I think that I have more than a little knowledge about the subject of
That brings up something that utterly fascinates me. Which is your
frequent oblique writings about VERONA, or is it VENONA, or maybe it is
VERONICA, or maybe even VERONIKA - anyway you know what I mean. Would you
be so kind as to enlighten me, us, about that subject - I would like to
finally find out what really happened from an authoritative source. How
were we able to break some of those messages. Please help me, us, out with
details instead of blabber. For those who have not seen my resume', it together with dozens and
dozens of references, many of whom are well known, and some of whom you
may know, is posted on our web site, but obviously that does not prove
anything, except to provide a point of reference. The point is that we have disclosed the complete algorithm, for the first
time at the web site, so let's see someone provide us with the key or the
ABCs. Our server is downloading an enormous number of the
algorithms/data/statistical tests, over 1,000 so far, so we assume
someone is testing it and evaluating it. And for you to claim that my contention is analogous to comparing bread
to an automobile, clearly demonstrates how PETTY of a MESSinger, you
are. You cannot do anything, so you babble in mindless hyperbole. Obviously something different from what YOU, and most others,
mistakenly think it means. It is not some esoteric, theoretical
mathematical meaning that has no relation to our real world. It is a tool
to encrypt and decrypt messages with, it is not a mathematical formula. If
you say that a random number sequence is not generated, I agree. If
however, you go on and add that, "thus by definition it is not an OTP,"
then that is patently and absolutely a false statement, though subscribed
to by most of the cryptography community. You are a mix-master
stirring up cryptography and IT, and you simply cannot homogenize
them into a fully blended mix.  I assert that an OTP is a tool used for encryption which by definition,
can never be used again, and which consists of a sequence of bits which
can not be derived by any POSSIBLE, not theoretical but POSSIBLE, means.
Granted, our stream could theoretically be derived by trying all of the
possible 10^34322 keys/table values, but that is theory, it is absolutely
clear that there is no way to try all the possibilities, or even the first
800 bits of an encryptor stream. Any relatively informed mathematician
can quickly discern that there is no analytical attack that can be made
against the stream, it is that simple,  as readers/evaluators will find.
If the only method of cracking the system is by brute force, and that is
impossible, then it is absolutely an OTP for encryption and decryption
purposes, which is its purpose - it is not something to define in IT
writings. Our algorithm is absolutely not perfect in the theoretical
sense but it is PERFECT as far as the ability to determine the underlying
plain text is concern.
Don't yopu wish PETTY MESSger. Did your mother put lambs blood on your
door when brains were passed out? Obviously, you are a victim of severe
brain passover. To think that I would post the same partial algorithm that
I heretofore posted is so crass as not to deserve comment. It does however, define your abstruse, enigmatic thinking that somehow  facts can be ignored, that you can use smoke, mirrors, semantics and
words to block out the truth. To repeat, we have made some a changes, and for the first time disclosed, detailed, the FULL ALGORITHM  at great length at our web site. The reason
that you do not want to argue that is obviously because you are absolutely
impotent in that regard and you are unable to dispute facts, so you
blindly conjure up some witches brew of words and think that people will
never know the difference. To paraphrase John Dean, the truth will always
come out and your ass braying will never stop that truth. Don Wood,
