
@_date: 1996-08-29 08:31:06
@_author: "Barry C. Collin" 
@_subject: In reference to comments made to me and to the Group 
This message was in response to comments made by E. Allen Smith on my recent remarks on cyberterrorism.
Dear Mr. Smith:
Thank you for your perspectives.  Save for the irrelevant flaming, I appreciated your taking time.  Following are my comments.
These are all different tools.  Some are simple to create and deploy, some are not.  While the definition of classical terrorism (and its motivations) remain the same, we must study each of these tools separately if we are to understand how to detect, prevent, and respond to the threats.
Thank you for your opinion.
You guessed incorrectly; I'm not talking ITAR.  Test yourself:  Can you think of any sensitive or personal information, that if exposed or utilized, could cause terror -- or destabilization?  If you can't, you are not trying; you should know more than most the value of privacy, whether it be military, corporate, or This nifty statement frequently comes from people who've never seen a child blown up, seen people disfigured, seen property damaged beyond all recognition.  Perhaps it is a safe place in your office, Mr. Smith, behind your terminal judging other's thoughts.  I don't have that luxury.  I've spent more than anyone's fair share of time going through rubble, identifying pieces of what were once people, and telling their families.
Freedom fighters who kill random and innocent victims are terrorists and cowards.  If you feel otherwise, Mr. Smith, perhaps it is time to step out into harm's way, and then perhaps you too will waken in the night with the images that haunt me.  *Then* you can talk to me about such matters.  Until then, stick to These require more than once person be involved.  Do not kid yourself, we are not dealing with stupid people here.  And bloody utter idiots we have a-plenty -- too many administrators more concerned with their balance sheets to provide the tools people like you need to build safe systems.  You'd be surprised of the amount of criminally-inadequate systems out there.  That's why it _is_ important that folks like you push the envelope to better the systems.  The goal here, Mr. Smith, is to put me out of business, not by flames, but by helping to build better systems.  I think we share that goal.
We are not concerned with engineers.  We are concerned with fanatics, and fanatics are fanatics whether they are engineers or gardeners.  Do not be so naive to believe that everyone shares the morals you have. Mr. Smith, there are people out there who want you dead, and will use all the techniques you pointed out above to accomplish their goal.  As I said before, technology is just another tool.
Whether you are right or wrong about what governments have locked away is not in my work area.  As I've said, my work is in fanatics, the disenfranchised, etc.  People are people, and some turn rogue.  It happens.  And people are purchased.  My work keeps me entrenched in such mire regularly.
understand that my piece of the world rests in the violent world, and I need to watch my own back.
You might be interested in the number of "students" attending our universities that have solid terrorism backgrounds.  The ones I spoke to made their purpose very clear.
Yes, there is a block of text missing.  If you have any interest, I can resend.
Exactly how is CyberTerrorism profitable? Certainly, it's
financial resources (computer crime) is readily available.  And you don't lose someone after they've been blown up.
could not possibly be telling me that everything is locked down safely at this point.  Bottom line, if you can make it, someone can break it.  Always has been, always will be.
or public sector.  We are all volunteers who research high-intensity crime and low-intensity conflict.  When I am not volunteering, my job is to make sure you can safely send out your emails without getting blown away or blown up.
Remember that old saying about prevention and
this than encryption.  Take off the blinders, Mr. Smith: encyrption is just one little piece of this puzzle.  It comes down to psychology, far more than technology.  I appreciate your curiousity, your wish for totally open systems.  In a perfect world, or even a sane world, that would be ideal.  I would love society to be filled with people like you who believe in improving the state of the art, the pushing of the envelope, etc.
But you are not who I deal with every day.  Unfortunately, just because you don't see these folks, doesn't mean they are not there.  They are not the ones with cutesy handles and who send messages to usenets and such.  It's the people off the radar screen, the one's that know better than to go public.  I've spent way too much time with these nutcases, and I assure you, Mr. Smith, they are very real.
Whether or not you believe or understand that is frankly irrelevant to me or my work.  But hopefully this will open your eyes to the fact that this is not about evil governments, nor military spookery, nor commercialization, nor fear of crackers.  The next time I have to travel to a bomb site, and as I try and figure out what cause could justify the death of someone who just happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time, I will not be thinking of you in your office lecturing me on the computer world.
Barry C. Collin

@_date: 1996-08-29 16:32:02
@_author: "Institute for Security and Intelligence" 
@_subject: Re: In reference to comments made to me and to the Group 
Mr. Geiger:
I do not have interest in nor time for a flame war.  But I do appreciate your perspective, whether or not I agree.
Rather than flaming, I propose that all interested readers post their *CONSTRUCTIVE* ideas on the CyberTerrorism issue.  If you feel it is not an issue, then don't respond.  I'm not looking for opinions on politicians, the government, etc., nor do  I care what you think of me or my views.  However, if you can put  some _solid_ thoughts into bullet items, or any other format you deem useful, perhaps we can move forward.
Ideas.  Actions.  No commentary, raves, rants, flames, or other bandwidth wasters.
Let's see what we come up with.
Barry C. Collin
Institute for Security and Intelligence

@_date: 1996-08-30 06:41:52
@_author: "Barry C. Collin" 
@_subject: CyberTerrorism Thoughts 
Dear Mr. Geiger:
Thank you for your very well-thought-out presentation.  That is precisely the kind of material we need to see more of in this forum.  It's tough to write, but it's worth it.
criminality issues, I do not consider hacking in to a system to view things an act of terrorism (by classical or other definition).  My concern, by far, is the fragility I've found with systems connected to physical processes -- processes that affect the physical world.
Your segmentation of motivation and actions was excellent.  I look forward to your future commentary and postings.
Also, although it is sometimes difficult (myself no exception), I think you'd agree that this factual, non-flame approach gets far more work done.  Your response in that manner was appreciated.
Barry C. Collin
