
@_date: 1996-04-12 04:23:31
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Digital Cash Escrow 
Sorry, but I couldn't shut up here.  Isn't this list about the free flow of
cryptographic information?  Let's not be like the government and shut down
what we talk about because we don't want certain people to know about the
Of course, your posting probably came out with tongue firmly in cheek, but
hey, censorship is still censorship (is still shit, thank you CDA.)
ObOtherListComplaint (doesn't everyone?):  Has anyone suffered ill-effects
by having their mail program filter Jim Bell's postings?  Perhaps a
10-point-rise in their IQs?  "Bytes are ALWAYS 8 bits" indeed.  Has this
child never been exposed to anything but PCs?  Go dig up the manuals for a
UNIVAC 1100, Jim.  Why do you think the RFCs for IP specifically refer to
"octets" as opposed to "bytes"?  Because (they explain) "octet" is
unambiguous, which then infers a certain ambiguity to "byte", now, doesn't it?
-j, I'll go back to lurking now for a while...
J. Deters
 "If you receive any alcoholic beverages, for example, a bottle of wine,
  you must give the gift to your location Human Resources Manager." This memo is from the Senior V.P. of Human Resources.

@_date: 1996-04-19 09:08:18
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: EFF/Bernstein Press Release 
My understanding is that it isn't illegal to author a virus, but it
certainly would be to release it.
Preventing someone from writing a virus would be prior restraint, which is a
big no-no with lots of precedent.  See the excellent page at EFF for a
discussion on
prior restraint:
 (Oooh, how's that you net.legal.beagles, citing web pages instead of cases?)  So, you'd be able to write all the viruses you wanted.  Turn 'em loose?
Well, then you've stepped in it.
J. Deters
 "If you receive any alcoholic beverages, for example, a bottle of wine,
  you must give the gift to your location Human Resources Manager." This memo is from the Senior V.P. of Human Resources.

@_date: 1996-04-03 06:54:19
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: software with "hooks" for crypto 
There are a number of "PGP Helpers" (If this is Tuesday, it must be PGP) out
there.  These are other PGP front end applications such as Private Idaho,
PGPShell and others that do NOT include PGP, nor do they contain any
encryption code within them.  These applications are all billed as "freely
exportable".  If your software does not contain any encryption code, such
that it simply "invokes" the users separately-obtained-and-installed copy of
PGP, you are not in violation of ITAR.  It sounds like this is what you're
doing with your "hooks for PGP".
I would recommend you visit a couple of these helper application sites and
check out what their authors say about the exportability of their code.  You
might ask them if they have encountered any legal difficulties because their
code is advertised as freely exportable.  Private Idaho is available at
 and (rats) you'll have to hunt PGPShell down yourself.
If you actually include the RSA algorithms, the IDEA algorithm, or any
"cryptographic" code in your software, then yes, you could get in trouble
for exporting it.
Again, remember that I'm not a lawyer and that any legal advice you get from
anyone on the net is worth exactly what you pay for it.
-j, is anyone else finding it harder to say the "Pledge of Allegiance" to
this country these days?
J. Deters
 "If you receive any alcoholic beverages, for example, a bottle of wine,
  you must give the gift to your location Human Resources Manager." This memo is from the Senior V.P. of Human Resources.

@_date: 1996-05-04 13:57:39
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Conrad_Burns@burns.senate.gov: Open Letter to Internet Community From Senator Burns 
At 08:22 PM 5/2/96 -0400, Perry Metzger forwarded the following to the list:
I agree that this could be the single most important piece of legislation to
affect the cypherpunks ever -- firmly defining the legal status of
encryption (and in our favor, no less!)  However, did anyone actually read
it (it's at
 )?  Here's a nice bit of section 2:
]   (a) FINDINGS. - The Congress finds the following:
]          ]           (1) The ability to digitize information makes
]        carrying out tremendous amounts of commerce and ]        personal communication electronically possible.
]           (2) Miniaturization, disturbed computing, and
                                 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
]        reduced transmission costs make communication via
]        electronic networks a reality.
I think "disturbed computing" pretty much sums up this list, if not the
entire net!  :-)
J. Deters
 "If you receive any alcoholic beverages, for example, a bottle of wine,
  you must give the gift to your location Human Resources Manager." This memo is from the Senior V.P. of Human Resources.

@_date: 1996-05-20 17:52:25
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Sendmail Question (was: SMTP Server for sending to  anonymous remailers?) 
What he meant was that you should replace the contents of the SMTP server's
field with the address of the first remailer in your chain.  For example, if
I wanted to send this through the Holy Cow remailer, I'd put this in the
SMTP server field:
        haystack
Remember, though, that several things OUT OF YOUR CONTROL have to happen for
your mail to be anonymised successfully.
First, if you are behind a "firewall" (i.e. doing this at work through your
work's net connection) your firewall may be implementing what is known as a
"proxy."  That means even though you're using the SMTP protocol, you may not
be *directly* talking to the SMTP client of the remailer.  It may "look"
like you're able to SMTP out to whoever you want to send mail, but in
reality, the firewall can intercept your request, and "pretend" to be some
other SMTP server.  It then accepts your outgoing mail, and forwards it to
the real destination.  Abraxis sells firewalls.
Also, your firewall may be configured to not pass SMTP out at all, but
rather to require you to send any SMTP traffic directly to it.  That means
you can not change your SMTP server to anything outside of your local net.
In either case, firewalls are certainly capable (and employers within their
rights, but that's another useless thread) to log and/or read your mail.
Anonymity lost, at least to your employer.
Finally, the anonymous remailer may (or may not) have some kind of logging
turned on.  I don't know why they would (what's the value if they do) but if
some law enforcement agency orders them to discreetly monitor traffic, you
lose again.
Unless you PGP encrypt your mail to the remailers before it leaves your
machine for the big bad net, someone else can read it.  And, no matter what,
persons unknown can tell that your machine sent some message to the
remailer.  (This is known as "traffic analysis".)  Therefore, I'd *highly*
recommend not e-mailing anything illegal over the net, remailer or no.
-j, annoying, yes.  Illegal or harassing, no.
J. Deters
"  (2) Miniaturization, disturbed computing, and reduced transmission
 costs make communication via electronic networks a reality."

@_date: 1996-05-23 11:04:27
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
I wish there were a hard-and-fast rule that this were true.  I work in
Point Of Sale (POS or cash registers), and occasionally we will see a vendor
whose software stores money/currency in floating point data types.  I try
very hard to make sure we do not purchase their software, because this
implies the most gross lack of understanding imaginable.
Floating points are simply not accurate when you're performing math on
other people's money.
And, yes, rates are acceptable to store and use as floats, but even the
conversion process ultimately yields a long, not a float.  And, we usually go
out of our way to code rates up as integers and perform the decimal point
shifting in code.
In the currency class we use, we have an exponent property that defines where
the decimal point is.  I imagine that by converting the exponent from a short
to a long we could even handle lira!  :-)  *
* Note to persons who respect the Italian economy**:  That was a joke!
** Note to persons who believe there are people who respect the Italian economy:
   That was a joke!
J. Deters
"  (2) Miniaturization, disturbed computing, and reduced transmission
 costs make communication via electronic networks a reality."

@_date: 1996-06-18 19:43:43
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: SafE Mail Corporation 
Well, when I read this letter, I was sure it was a troll.  I was amazed to
find that not only are these people serious, but they're convicing other
people to buy into this nonsense!
Almost every page on their web site contains factual errors that range from
misleading to incorrect to slander.
Here's a gem from the comparison page:  Security of different programs  Public  | Compres.| Error   | ITERNET           Program      | Key     |         | Correct.| Compatib.    -----+-----------------------------+--------------------
 Programm          | SafE Mail(TM) for Win 1.12  | Entrust 1.1r1
 SafE Mail(TM) for DOS 1.12  |
                             |
 Performance Speed | ~4400kB/Sec (In addition to | ~770kB/Sec (Only
 (Results based on | Encryption also performs    | does Encryption)
 33mHz SunSparcs   | Compression, Error          |
 Station)          | Correction, Internet        |
 Compatibility and Electronic|
 Signature at the same time).|
                             |
 Compression       | Yes, up to 85%              | No, increases
                             | file size by up
                             | to 40%
                             |
 Internet          | Yes                         | No
 Compatibility     |                             |
                             |
 Electronic        | Yes                         | Yes
 Signature         |                             |
                             |
 Public Key        | Yes                         | Yes
 Distribution      |                             |
                             |
 Length of Public  | 22 characters only          | Over 1200 characters
 Key               |                               | can distribute on the                              | diskettes only
                             |
 Integrity Checking| Yes                         | Yes
                             |
 Error Correction  | 9 different levels, selected| None Available
 by user.                    |
                             |
 Best Attack       | No known way                | Statistical
                             | Analysis
                             |
[ Where to begin?  I wonder if it's their DOS or Windows version that runs
on the 33MHz SparcStation?  Oh, and I love the "no known way" to attack them. ]
What are the trade magazines saying about SafE Mail(tm)?  Well, this is from
that traditional bastion of reporting integrity, the Carolina Computer News,
June 1995:  " ...SafE Mail(tm) is designed to be a powerfull business and personal
communications tool, ideal for public or private network communications.
SafE Mail(tm) provides the least expensive, fastest, INTERNET compatible,
secure file transmission on the ma rket today. SafE Mail(tm) has a unique
encryption algorithm.
It's encryption key is longer than any other similar product currently
available on the market today. The user can define the distortion/error
correction level which determines the length of the encryption key. The
longer the key length, the more difficult it is to break. SafE Mail(tm) employs
the Public Key Distribution algorithm. Unlike currently available encryption
algorithms (DES,RSA), SafE Mail(tm) generates a unique 22 character public key
for each user. Des has no public key generator and the RSA Public Key
becomes larger (up to several kilobytes) as the number of recipients
increase. SafE Mail(tm) error correction is capable of restoring a binary file
having 15% distortion errors or an ASCII file with 30% errors. SafE Mail(tm)
excellent compression capability allows an ASCII file to be deflated by
almost 85%!... " [ If you read the quotes from the various magazines, you probably won't be
surprised at the list of quality magazine names that have been taken in by
these hucksters:  Byte, PC Week, PC Today, and others. ]
However, it gets even better than this.  The capstone (if you'll pardon the
pun) of these folks is their contest, described at If you can break their security, you'll win FIVE FREE COPIES of SafE Mail(tm)!
Gosh, how can we pass up such an opportunity?
-j, ROTFLOL  :-)
J. Deters
"  (2) Miniaturization, disturbed computing, and reduced transmission
 costs make communication via electronic networks a reality."

@_date: 1996-07-03 13:31:58
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
But here in the U.S., we ARE trying to take them away via the educational
system.  About the only thing we can effectively do is to provide more
educational opportunities that denounce violence, racism, hate crimes, etc.
However, you cannot eliminate discontent without eliminating greed; which is
simply not possible.
Even so, there are a couple of problems with even attempting "to take away
the root causes", not the least of which is the Constitutionally protected
right to free speech.  I am allowed to teach my kid to hate anyone for any
reason.  I can blame this or that group for this set of troubles, and that
the best way to deal with this is not only to scare them away, but to kill
as many of them as possible.  It may be morally repugnant, but it is
protected speech.
The countries that sponsor terrorists have not been noted for their
successful educational systems.  And they certainly are not going to listen
to Western discussions on how best to solve their "problems".
Do you still not accept that we have a world that contains people who exist
in conditions that foster and breed terrorists?
If not, look at some more concrete examples.  Have you ever met an Islamic
fundamentalist?  How about a Christian fundamentalist?  There really is no
difference between them, other than the specific quotations that exit their
pre-programmed mouths.  When religion enteres the picture, no amount of
logic will convince the true believers that they are acting destructively.
Even moderately regligious Christians (the people to whom I have been most
exposed) have very strong beliefs that X is the word of God, and therefore
not subject to question.  When this is some destructive (yet not obvious as
such) statement, such as "Go forth and multiply", no amount of education or
logic will convince them that Zero Population Growth is a good thing.
I'm sure you can multiply this into all sorts of destructive behavior
preached locally, such as the Southern Baptist preachers who refuse to
denounce the maltreatment of blacks or the burning of black churches.  There
is no force of law that can alter this behavior.
My point here is that this behavior is explicitly protected by the Bill of
So, do you not accept that we have the environment right here that can breed
violence and discontent?
For the most part, I see kids today being educated with much less "hatred"
than even my age group was brought up with (I'm 34).  We're moving in the
right direction by incorporating diversity in education, entertainment and
the workplace, but we can never hope to erase it all.  And if even one
person retains the seed of violence, they can employ the "warfare of the
weak" -- terrorism.
So your point here is one of *agreement* that human nature will produce
psychological profiles of people who commit acts of terror.
Even in spite of your argument above?
Violence is here.  It's been present since recorded history.  We've gotten
pretty good at it, actually.  I think the record speaks pretty clearly that
violence continues to be a part of human behavior, despite any efforts made
to stop it.
As I said above, we can reduce some of the breeding grounds, but we can not
eradicate them all.  And if one were to conduct a study correlating racist
attitudes with education with numbers of acts of terror, we might find a
direct correlation.
The U.S. has a level of tolerance for diversity that I only recently came to
appreciate.  We hosted a foreign exchange student from Scotland (hardly
culture shock to him), but he surprised me when he commented on how
surprised he was that different groups of people were mixed together --
black kids hanging out with white kids, catholics and protestants being
friends, the sort of thing that I take for granted every day.
He expected the subtle racism of home.  And lets just say that Great
Britain's culture is probably closer to ours than any other country.
I am more than willing to agree with you that elimination of hatred and
prejudice will go farther than any law enforcement measures to reduce
terrorist acts.  However, my point, and I believe this is Tim's point, too,
is that it will *never* eliminate these acts, and that there must be other
ways of dealing with the problems that occur.
This personal attack was completely unwarranted.  Are you suggesting that
Tim is a sponsor of terrorist attacks, or that he approves of the repeatedly
demonstrated governmental penchant for violating our privacy whenever
convenient?  There was no point to making this statement, other than to
foster discontent.
I completely disagree with you here.  Terror has all the same purposes as
general-purpose warfare:  it's simply being carried out by a smaller group,
without the resources available to an entire government.
Look at the Irish Question:  they want independance from a government they
deem undesirable.  Look at the arabian terrorist bombings of Americans in
Saudi Arabia, Lebanon, etc.:  they want to drive the U.S. Army out.
Likewise, the bombing of the Murrah building in OK was a "military" target:
it housed the agencies that some small group percieved to be responsible for
the attack on Waco.  Even the church building burnings happening across the
southern U.S. appear to have a specific objective:  to frighten the victims;
and if the victims left the area, the terrorists would have accomplished
their objectives.
No hidden purposes here:  these are all military actions being carried out
by groups that are simply not in a position to negotiate.   It is "warfare
by the weak".
You may think that you hold every answer to terrorism in your hand, that
hugs and kisses before bedtime will make the evil monsters under the bed go
away.    The point of Tim's essay was that, yes, the net can be used by the
evil monsters, and yes, the evil monsters are here, and no, the evil
monsters are not going away any time soon.  Why did you feel it necessary to
try to slam his fairly well-researched and quite obvious conclusion?
J. Deters
"  (2) Miniaturization, disturbed computing, and reduced transmission
 costs make communication via electronic networks a reality."

@_date: 1996-07-18 12:29:48
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Word lists for passphrases 
Then I caution you to review the program 'Crack'.  Crack comes with two sets
of  rules with which it mutates the words from two separate dictionaries.
Things like:  replace 'i' with 'y', 's' with '$', 'e' with '3', change
capitalization to pattern AbCdE, etc.  Typically, there is an extensive set
of rules (I remember 47) that perform more "morphing" of a shorter "hot"
dictionary list, followed by a common subset of the rules applied to the
entire dictionary.  The shorter dictionary list I remember seeing contained
an extensive list of female first names, common computer "words" such as
foo, bar, etc., and even some Klingon and Elvish words.  These words were
subjected to extensive letter shifting, case changing, and substitutions.
The balance of the dictionary was subjected to the simpler subset of rules
(22, I believe) regarding substitution, reversal of letters, capitalizing
the first and/or last letters, suffixing a single non-alpha character, etc.
I know a rather paranoid sa who used to think he had secure passwords
because he'd look around for some "word" of some random object nearby, then
transmogrify some letter (typically substituting 'y' for 'i').  Crack found
him out in very short order.
The reason I post this is that these word lists are invaluable to the Crack
operator.  *ANY* knowledge that reduces the search space can render the
security useless.  For example, if a Crack operator learns that you once had
a password of "any0ne", he or she will make sure to include a rule
substituting zero for 'o' in both dictionaries, they will probably make an
effort to emphasize letter-to-number substitutions of the words in their
dictionary, and maybe even focus less (or at least test last) on other
attacks, such as case-changing or number-suffixing.  Those
"easily-remembered personal rules" to which you refer can catch you pretty
Harder is not NP-hard.  It's a very very long way away from NP-hard.
A "pretty large" dictionary is still much! smaller than brute force.  And
even if it is the precursor to brute-force, it's still a better starting
point than 0x00000000000000, if you have reason to believe that it's based on an ASCII
Just remember the old joke:  entropy ain't what it used to be.  And every
generation of faster processor that arrives makes this statement more
relevant to cryptanalysis.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-07-23 04:07:11
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Home Made Telephone Voice Changer 
Well, if you've got your sound card in your computer, if you download Speak
Freely (from  and simultaneously turn on LPC-10
compression along with simple compression, I've found my voice comes out
more like Robbie the Robot than John Deters.  It's an interesting feature of
the LPC-10 compression that as it removes redundancy from the transmission
that it removes the "human identity" from it as well.  There's got to be a
moral to that story somewhere (especially since the NSA developed the LPC-10
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-07-23 18:11:50
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Opiated file systems 
What about a machine setup that has its own intrusion detection?  An
internal battery-backup system that also powers case-tampering detection
hardware could be set to trigger "Alternate Stego File System Plan A".
Replace drivers, etc., with software that does not contain the real system's
drivers at all, which you have wisely placed only in a very offsite backup
location.  Tamper-detecting cases of this sort already exist:  look at a U.L. listed
Burglar Alarm external cabinet.  Double-walled, and the internal wall is
electrically insulated from the external wall such that any short between
the two walls, (i.e. a bad guy with a drill bit), will fire the trigger.
Certain shielding schemes used by some manufacturers today might already
provide a good design.
You could also go overboard and fill the interior with various environmental
detectors.  Photosensitive transisitors.  Tilt/tremble sensors.  Temperature
sensors.  Smoke detectors.  Accelerometers (see Scientific American a few
months ago for a circuit).  Microswitches that are held open by virtue of
having the case screws in place.  Build a double-walled case (as mentioned
above) and keep it pressurized with nitrogen, and have a pressure sensor to
detect leakage.  Lead-line the interior, and place an X-ray detector where
any attempt to X-ray the machine will result in Plan A.  And if they want to
try using MRI to see inside; well, I guess I probably wouldn't be too
surprised!  :-)
If you had absolute faith in your machine's inability to crash (i.e. not
running a Wintel operating system), the drivers could be written to copy
themselves into memory at bootup and securely wipe themselves from your hard
disk; and write themselves back to hard disk at a shutdown request.  Your
machine is then vulnerable only when properly shut down, a state in which I
would not recommend leaving it.  Leave it only in a "password required"
state, and *this* would be the place to implement the duress password.
As for seed data to encrypt to give them something to find, may I suggest
that would be an excellent choice to keep both your Netscrape cache as well
as your Winders swap files?  Lots and lots of sectors worth of data, kept as
fresh as often as you use your browser.  And as long as you don't browse
"illegal" sites (whatever that might mean in your country), you win.
And, of course, protect all external connectors so your opposition wouldn't
be able to shove a wire in your RS-232 port and short your internal battery.
The low/no battery level alarm would be used to ignite the magnesium wrapped
around the hard disk's case (also known as Alternate Stego File System Plan
B :) , or it would trigger the capacitively powered EMP coil mounted above
the platters; neither of which you would want triggered unless the
software-stego routines hadn't completed by the time the case was breached.
My point is it should be possible to build a virtually tamperproof case; and
especially if your attacker doesn't know it exists, you would stand a good
chance of being able to eliminate self-incriminating data (sometimes the 5th
amendment needs some mechanical assistance) before the bad guys would have
the ability to save an "untampered" copy.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:51:47
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- solution (?) 
The first cypherpunk should propose a 10-way split:   11-20.  It's the
best offer  10-18 will be assured of getting without having to kill
anyone.  Once any one dies, I think the results will always boil down to getting 100% of the money (when  1-18 are dead,  proposes that  gets
100% of the money and his vote is 50%, so he "wins".   kills him out of
spite and takes it all anyway, though.  No honor amongst thieves.)
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-08 11:50:29
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: RE: Internal Passports 
Being employed by a department store, and working closely with our trainers
and our loss prevention people, for the last ten years has given me a pretty
good vantage point into seeing what actually happens on the sales floor as
well as what goes into the policy manual.
I'd suggest that it's probably an oversight by their training department.
Their trainers are just humans that looked around one day and said, "we need
to define what an ID is."  They Xeroxed a couple of dummied-up driver's
licenses and provincial ID cards, pasted them in a book, and said, "there,
that looks like all the acceptable ID I've ever seen around here."  Using
passports as internal ID is not a common occurrance, and this usage probably
simply didn't occur to the trainers.  It almost certainly was not the
"fault" of the person on the sales floor; they're usually trained to look at
these pretty pictures in a procedures book, and deny anything else.
That said, it certainly *could* be true that their loss prevention or credit
or audit departments decided that only "credit-worthy" people should be able
to write checks.
On the whole, though, I have been finding that people ascribe all sorts of
paranoid evils to all sorts of organizations, when the ultimate truth
usually starts out more like a Dilbert cartoon.  Internally, I can usually
spot the truly evil corporate deception practices.  Externally, though,
people can only make guesses based on actions that they've become party to.
And who can blame someone for that?
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-15 02:24:11
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: 2600 (the magazine) 
I browsed the article on "cryptography" briefly on Monday.  I think using
the term "cryptography" to describe it is a bit strong.  The author is
encouraging people to basically XOR data with a repeating key (a modified
Vigniere) and then proclaims it forever unbreakable.
I was somewhat unimpressed.
"Why the hell doesn't Janet Reno outlaw this kind of irresponsible magazine?
They're showing KIDS how to encrypt data, for God's sake!"
Actually, one of us (he says, ducking the responsibility personally) should
probably write an article for them on how to use PGP.  (Maybe something that
doesn't use words bigger than "warez".)  I got it!  A one pager.  Paragraph
one gives the URL to Joel's PGP QuickStart (a description and a link is on
Joel's tools page at  and the
executable itself is at ftp://ftp.eskimo.com/u/j/joelm/Install.exe [plug
plug]) and says, "run this program to install PGP."  The rest of the page
can be devoted to "how to hide your kewl viruses from your clueless teachurz".
Hmm.  Maybe I will write that article.  After all, they give out a free
subscription to authors (and since I buy the rag anyway) it might be worth
it.  But if someone wants to beat me to it, go for it.  I feel my ambition
slipping steadily away, and I haven't even got out of the e-mail phase
yet...  :-)
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:26:27
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: PreRFD: comp.org.cypherpunks 
I'd vote "no" to converting this list into a newsgroup.  I think universal
access to e-mail is more guaranteed than access to a news-server, especially
for those of us hidden away behind our Gestapo-run firewalls.  The mailing
list flies quite nicely through them.  Plus, we have the added benefit of
only getting crypto-related spam thrown at us occasionally, instead of the
nearly ubiquitous "Call 1-900-HOT-4U" postings that seem to flood every
Usenet group.  ('Course, I seem to recall a  letter from someone
a few days ago...)
Plus, sci.crypt exists for those who can't get enough here.
As an aside, if an RFD should be called, to whom should we forward our
discussion?  (It's been many years since I really cared about Usenet.)
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-23 08:54:39
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Spamming 
I beg to differ.  The USPS considers "junk" mail their bread-and-butter.
Huge mailings of all manner of bulk mail (especially those that are PostNet
barcoded by the sender) pay the bills around the Post Office.  Your "more
mail, more infrastructure, higher costs" argument is flawed.  The post
office has many fixed costs related to maintaining their huge presence,
delivering to so many rural addresses.  If we had to pay a per-letter basis
*discounting* the value provided by the infrastructure already in place
supporting the bulk-mail handling systems, we'd be paying roughly Federal
Express 2-day letter rates for each piece of mail (around $6.00, if memory
serves correctly.)
I do not say this to begin yet another "Privatize the USPS" rant.  I also am
not interested in whether or not the USPS should be privatized, have its
criminal law protctions stripped, or even if the postmaster general should
report our stamp purchasing habits to Janet Reno.  All I'm saying is that
the above statement ("junk mail = higher costs") is false.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-27 07:59:55
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Spamming 
I'm all in favor of it.  The POP3 client I write to cash those little
digital droplets and tell the spammers that I *love* to get their ads, read
each one for 45 seconds/page, scroll thru them lovingly, and reply to the
specified address for much more information, has the potential to pay for my
master's degree.
Call it the SpamMonster(tm).  ("Spam is for money, that's good enough for me")
Therefore, in order to actually make their system work, they'd need to send
out their own special mail readers.  And I'd disassemble one and
SpamMonster(tm) would continue to eat their spam, ad infinitum (pun not
intended, but it works really, really well, n'est pa?)
I do not believe it is possible to have a secure executable that exists on
an uncontrolled user's machine.  "Tamperproof" encryption chips still
require communications in and out from the user's program.  A determined
attacker could continue to use the pieces of their code that talk to the
encryption chip.
Never underestimate the allure of "free money" when you're planning to give
it away.
Hmm.  Reading ONE message from them puts me on a "Spammer's blacklist"?
Without the e-cash incentive, sign me up!
Depends on your point of view  :-)  I certainly think it has potential!
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-28 05:41:46
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Spamming 
Maybe I misspoke; I wasn't referring to minting e-cash.  I was referring to
the fact that if you can get spammers to enclose a 20e coin for every junk
e-mail advertisement you agree to read, then you can write a mail reader
that will read their spam and collect all their 20e coins.  To me, that's
better than "minting" e-cash.  Totally legal, and the net effect transfers
funds from the spammers to me.
The rest of my letter was in regards to writing that mail reader.  And no,
even if they were to succeed at getting stupid users to install their own
special mail reader just for the privilege of reading their advertisements,
without secure hardware in the users' machines, their mail server would not
be secure against a spoofing attack.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-08-31 08:41:08
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Dr. Vulis is a test, right? [was RE: Desubscribe] 
I can't believe it any more.
On Fri, 30 Aug 96 02:47:21 EDT, Dr. (of what, pray tell?) Vulis blathers first:
and then again:
First, accusing someone of stupidity for not having learned how to telnet to
an SMTP server is a bit harsh, especially since the guy might be stuck
behind a firewall that mungs his addresses AFTER his messages goes out --
not that Dr. V bothered to find out before the accusation.
Second, suggesting anyone be caned for their political beliefs (and
resultant speech) is quite obviously NOT the action taken by someone who
defends free speech.  Again, Dr. V. put those beliefs in his words through
his flawed logic.
It's like watching a KKKlucker yelling, "you have no right to say that we
don't support free speech," and not getting it.
And for what -- the thoughtcrime of calling Dr. V a spammer?  Hmm.  About
the closest I can come to finding a "crime" here is trademark infringement.
I'm sure Hormel is following this closely.
All of this is merely annoying.  But slamming Tim May because of his
heritage?  "criminal Arm*nian grandparents"?  Now it's a crime not only to
call Dr. V a spammer, but to have ancestors born someplace his ancestors
taught him to not approve of.  (Can you say "racism", kids?  Sure.  I knew
you could.)
When I first started reading this list, it was about the time Jim Bell was
espousing the A.P. theories, and I thought him a fool for it.  I put his
name in my filter, sending his posts to the trash.  More and more, I found
myself heading to the trash bin to follow a thread that Jim was contributing
to.  Valuable contributions, mind you, not just more of his A.P. stuff.  Of
course, I ended up removing him from my filter.  (For missing that month of
your posts, Jim, I owe you an apology.)
At that time, I realized a few things:  Filters certainly aren't the answer;
and everybody can come up with valuable contributions.
Anyway, my current status is to have the filters set to remove posts with
the words [NOISE] or [OFF-TOPIC] somewhere in the headers.  It helps weed
out stuff that really isn't why I'm here reading this list.
Given that I feel that even Dr. Vulis might possibly contribute something of
value to this list at some unspecified time in the future, I have come to
the conclusion that the only solution is to ask him to change his e-mail
name field to:
  dlv (Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM [NOISE] )
until such time as he can actually come up with something useful to say to
the rest of us.  Maybe he could even throw in an [-L18] tag, if he's going
to continue to [spit | fuck | fart] every posting that leaps through his screen.
[ Note to everyone else:  that's SARCASM there, hope you got it! ]
So, my original question is:  is there really a Dr. Dmitri Vulis (KOTM)
somewhere?  Or is he just some made-up straw man, created by Tim May, John
Gilmore and Eric Hughes for their personal amusement, and to add a spot of
controversy so we can feel like we're not preaching to the choir with every
pro-cypher posting?  I often thought that was the case with David Sternlight
as well.  Or is Dr. Vulis really best-buddies with Tim May, and his way of
showing affection is to "fart in his general direction" with every post?
If he exists, I pity the unsuspecting students who wander into his class who
might not have the genetic makeup he approves of.  And now I *completely*
understand tenure.
John (soon-to-be-spit-upon,no-doubt) Deters.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1996-09-07 05:06:57
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: What the NSA is patenting 
[ Interesting patent deleted ]
This method implies that they have the ability to scan the entire platter
surface at resolution level that is basically atomic.
sounds like some of the old magnetic data might be leaving traces behind by
a process called "backlash".  It happens because machines don't realign
themselves precisely, unless the lead-in steps are repeated every time.  A fairly simple demonstration of this can be found on most dot-matrix
printers.  They usually have a mode called "uni-directional" printing, where
the printhead puts dots on the paper only when travelling from
left-to-right.  This is used to improve the quality of a graphic image.
Print a simple pattern of repeating vertical bars (||||||) across the page
and down several lines with this mode turned off, and you'll probably notice
the lines tend to not line up perfectly.  Turn uni-directional printing on,
and watch the behavior of the printhead.  It will "home" itself to the far
left side before printing the next line of bars.  The bars will then be
lined up "better" than in the bi-directional print.
We should be able to use this feature to our advantage to write a "backlash-
enhanced" wipedisk driver.
The wipedisk utilities I've seen today primarily consist of repeatedly
writing a pattern such as 0x55555555, then 0xAAAAAAAA, then 0xFFFFFFFF, then
0x00000000.  While this will probably eradicate most of the traces of the
original data, it's all happening "unidirectionally" -- starting at the
first sector of the file,  write this data till all the sectors have been
overwritten.  Given that the original data may have been written in reverse sector order,
or reverse cylinder motion order, or after a large cylinder change, the
wipedisk might still leave traces remaining on the disk.  Using the above
example of printing vertical bars, imagine having each line print three
times using the unidirectional mode, and randomly picking one line out of
the entire array to print bi-directionally.  It'll stand out like a sore
thumb.  That's what I think they're looking for with their data recovery method.
What would probably make for a more secure wipe utility would be to alter
the "head approach path" prior to making each of the passes described above.
So, before overwriting the sectors in order from 0 to EOF full of
0x55555555s, have the head move to the 0th cylinder first.  Before
overwriting the sectors in order from 0 to EOF with 0xAAAAAAAAs, have the
head move to the last cylinder beforehand.  Repeat for the 0xFFFFFFFF and
0x00000000 sectors, except overwrite the sectors in order from EOF to 0.
All this pre-writing motion could theoretically reduce the repeatability of
the drive head positioning arm as well as possibly hitting different
rotational sync  points, using the backlash effect to its fullest extent.
Of course, the biggest problem will be that of overcoming intelligent disk
controllers.  No self-respecting SCSI drive is going to voluntarily swing
the disk head around inefficiently, and I don't know enough about how IDE
works to say anything different about it.
I hope some hardware hacker who knows their low-level stuff will be able to
write a secure disk wiper.
J. Deters  "Captain's log, stardate 25970-point-5.  I am nailed to the hull."

@_date: 1997-04-21 11:32:06
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
You are forgetting to separate the marketers from the businesses being
marketed here.  While they're occasionally one and the same (see Cantor &
Siegel), in today's world, the marketing is being handled by a third party
These marketers get paid by hit-count ratings:  if they deliver the message
to 1,000 browsers, they get some amount, say $15.00.  If they deliver it to
100,000 browsers, they get $1500.00.  They're not paid by the number of
respondents, referred sales, or even valid e-mail addresses snarfed.  So,
you'd only be artifically inflating the cost of the marketers to the
Here, your hope is that the advertisers notice a diminishing ROI for
marketing costs, but that's a big hope.  The numbers for a small site might
look something like this:
January -  20,000 hits, 50 sales
February - 22,000 hits, 60 sales
March    - 25,000 hits, 70 sales
April    - 50,000 hits, 90 sales  <-- pollutionbot strikes 20,000 times
So, you've watered it down a bit.  To make the pollutionbot truly
effective, you'd have to hit a site by at least 10x the general population
May      - 440,000 hits, 100 respondents <- pollutionbot strikes 400,000 times
In the meantime, they're billing the business:
Month        Hits   Sales  Billing    Cost/sale  Pollutionbot hits/inflation
January  -  20,000   50     $300        $6.00            0     $0
February -  22,000   60     $330        $5.50            0     $0
March    -  25,000   70     $375        $5.36            0     $0
April    -  50,000   90     $750        $8.33       20,000   $300
May      - 440,000  100    $6600       $66.00      400,000  $6000
Hopefully, the advertisers will pull out at this point.  It's easy to see
that something "bad" is happening, and that they're not getting the bang
for the buck that they need.  However, with some megasites (where they
reportedly get 2,000,000+ hits per day) subscribing to doubleclick.com,
it's doubtful you could make a noticable dent unless you started your
attack from a T3 connected backbone site.  And even then, are you sure you
want to spend your resources this way?
The marketers will also try to keep this sham up by saying to the
businesses, "It's the Internet, who the hell knows?  Keep going another
month, it'll get better.  In the meantime, just pay your bills."
Even if you were successful at flooding doubleclick, many of their
advertisers are Big:  IBM, Micro$oft, HP, etc.  They don't even care about
direct responses, they're just after name recognition.
Ultimately, it'll reduce the ability of Mom & Pop (or Cantor & Siegel) to
advertise on the same playing field as Micro$oft.  Doubleclick won't go
broke; neither will Micro$oft.  The only good hope you may have is of
breaking a "mom & pop" version of doubleclick, and keeping the world less
polluted.  But, doubleclick will still be around and be able to move in and
fill the void.  What have you gained then?
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-05-22 03:58:58
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Spam IS Free Speech 
In the case of shrieking at the researcher, the researcher can simply walk
away.  In the case of a network connection, the ISP cannot simply unplug.
No, spam DOES cost the victim.  I'm not saying that the victim is the spam
recipient.  Think of the ISPs that are the victims of Spamford's
CyberPromotions.  Yes, victims.  Their entire businesses consist of keeping
wires from one side of routers connected to the internet while the wires on
the other side attach to modems and a handful of host computers to serve
mail, news, etc.  When Spamford sends out his 15000 messages, he is denying
the ISPs the bandwidth, CPU and disk storage they are paying for.  By
filling the ISP's drives, he is also denying every customer of those ISPs
from receiving incoming email.
Here's Spamford's M.O., to those of you unfamiliar with how CyberPromo
Makes Money Fast:
1.  Advertise to people that they can send out bulk e-mail for a fixed cost.
2.  Ethically-challenged persons who dream of Making Money Fast draft their
Ponzi schemes, and send them, along with a certain amount of very
non-refundable money, to CyberPromo.
3.  CyberPromo sends out the spam by routing it through sendmail demons
running on other peoples' (the victims') machines.
4.  The complaints and threats of lawsuits land squarely on the shoulders
of the persons unfortunate enough to be running the sendmails.  It is,
after all, their machine which is the origin of the spam.  Just look in the
5.  The original ethically-challenged persons never see responses to their
original paid-for spam; CyberPromo knows this from the get-go but certainly
won't inform the spammers of this.
6.  When confronted with evidence of the Ponzi schemes by the sendmail
operator, Mr. Wallace replies: "Shame on those nasty users, I'll terminate
their accounts."
7.  Spamford continues to route other spam through the hapless sendmail
operators -- his dozens of registered domains make it extremely tough to
prevent source blocking.
8.  The FBI comes to visit the victimized sendmail operator, investigating
*them* for running pyramid scams.
This situation is the exact situation that has entangled my ISP for the
last couple of months.
Are you telling me that being subjected to a jack-boot investigation for
running pyramid schemes *and* having your customers leave because they
can't get mail services is a reasonable expense to bear because of
Spamford's "right to free speech"?  Spamford's speech (or that of his
"customers") isn't even directed at the sendmail operator or his customers.
 The sendmail operator above is merely being used by Spamford as a
megaphone to broadcast the message of spam to other people (who really
don't want it, either, but that's beside the point.)
It's no longer the same as shouting down the marketing researcher.  What Spamford has done is to see me walking down the sidewalk carrying a
megaphone, and grab me and tell me that I must stand there and hold my
megaphone in front of some spammer's mouth while the spammer shouts at a
crowd of people who don't want to hear him.  All the while, you stand there
next to Spamford and claim that I must continue to hold my megaphone for
the spammer because it's his "right to free speech", and the only way to
avoid it is to turn my megaphone off, denying me the ability to allow
anyone else to use my megaphone.
The icing on this cake is that if the spammer starts announcing "Make Money
Fast" over my megaphone, the FBI will come and investigate ME because I'm
the one holding the megaphone!
Free speech is NOT the subject here.  My right to walk down the street with
my (lawfully registered) megaphone has been usurped by a thug.  You're
telling me that every megaphone owner has a *duty* to hold it in front of
every spammer's
mouth.  Remember, these are finite megaphones.  They have batteries that
need replacing, and the owners are stuck standing there holding them while
the spammers speak as long as they want.  Sorry, but those megaphone owners
may have other things to do with their megaphones and their time.  You're
confusing "the right to free speech" with "the right to kidnap megaphone
In this particular case, of course, there was a technical solution:
install a sendmail to prevent routing of incoming mail.  ISPs and
corporations around the globe will need this new hardened sendmail to keep
the spammers away.  Restricting the speech they carry.  Turning off the
Spam is interfering with the *real* victim's (the sendmail operator's)
ability to provide customer service; in a very real and fiscally damaging
way.  It's also restricting the traffic he can carry to only that speech
originating from
his domain.  His right to carry YOUR speech has been restricted by his
technical solution to keep his machine alive.
What is ultimately likely to happen, however, is that Mr. Wallace will be
prosecuted under existing laws for swindling the original MMF spammers.
He's profiting by charging them to steal resources from ISPs.  He *might*
be able to avoid prosecution by putting a "warning sticker" on his
advertising saying something to the effect that, "if you send a Make Money
Fast scam out, the jack-booted thugs will come and haul you away faster
than I can send out your e-mails."  But then he'd have no business at all!
I'm not trying to claim that Mr. Wallace does or does not have the right to
speak to us.  I simply want to point out that there is real monetary loss
to the real victims of his spamming.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-05-23 00:54:07
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: spam is a good thing (was Re: Spam IS Free Speech) 
I certainly agree with the cypherpunk theory of Strength Through
Mathematics instead of PseudoStrength-via-threats-of-imprisonment Through
Adam's "Tragedy of the Unmetered Commons" certainly provides a solution.
Metering and charging e$ for mail-routing services would allow it to occur
while stopping the freeloaders.
Blocking sites also provides a solution, although it proved too tough for
my ISP to keep up with the Chameleon that is Spamford.  To be honest, not
all the spam that struck my ISP's site was proven to be CyberPromo's fault.
 I recently saw in alt.2600 a "fan" program for spewing spam.  It runs
under Windows, and I imagine "3133t hack3rz" have been having a field day
running someone else's program to do what Spamford had to write on his own.
 They seem to be trading the addresses of unprotected sendmail demons
running on the net that they can abuse.
For now, preventing forwarding seems to be the only currently available
solution, until e$ makes its way into the protocol stack.  (Hurry up,
Robert!)  Of course, I'm not thrilled to think that every router on the
internet is going to start charging me for packet delivery, nor do I want
to spend .001 cents for visiting really.cool.foobar.com.  I'm also scared
to death of what my bill would be if I was charged a dime for every
AltaVista query.  The "bonus services", however, such as e-mail routing, or
ftp proxying, certainly could be provided for a nominal cost.
That's not ever been my point.  Again, the spammers are not even trying to
get this ISP or their customers to listen, they're just (mis)using their
computer facilities to blow spam about the earth.  Free speech is not the
issue.  It's "abusive overuse" of what used to be a publically available
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-06-04 05:58:28
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Webpage picketing?... 
to go
There are a couple ways to do it.  One would be to implement an
"anonymizer" type scheme, where you "hijack" an unsuspecting surfer by
sending him/her off to  where
your server does the surfing for the victim, editing and picketing the HTML
returned.  You can do anything you want to them, your machine is in control
of the http connections.
Another method, which is quite a bit easier (and I've enclosed an example
below,) is to throw up a frame; giving the bottom of the users the screen
to wherever they surfed to, but retaining a frame on the top to play your
parade of protest animated gif banners.
Note that both of these require you to be an unscrupulous stealer of other
peoples browser space.  They also require the users arrive at your site
first, and leave via your links (their own bookmarks or typed URLs will let
them off the hook.)  I don't know of a way (short of usurping a DNS
server's authority) of getting hooked into their site from the first.  I
suppose if you ran a router between the site you wished to hijack and the
viewer whom you've hijacked, you could, but we're talking MAJOR no-no (and
lots of code) here.
Enclosed is an example set of files that shows "permanent" frames of the
type that hang around and annoy people.  Cut'n'paste to save them to your
local machine, then open the file fooIndex.htm with your frame-enabled
browser.  Notice how the banners (picket signs) hang around even after
linking off to somewhere else.  The drawback to this method is that your
protest is not "dynamic".  If they're on your vegetarian site, and follow
your link to  your banners will scream "Meat is Murder."
However, if they then follow the link from  to
 they'll still be under "Meat is Murder" banners.  You'd
be unable to display the "Fur is Dead" banners, because the browser hasn't
been talking to you since it loaded your page.

@_date: 1997-06-04 23:50:27
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Webpage picketing (fwd) 
A solution that doesn't involve legislation (the only kind to promote,
IMHO) would be to have a  site containing the links
to the various businesses, where your picketers can plant their signs, etc.
 Then, as a socially-aware consumer, I would begin my surfing at
 read the union notices, the PETA notices,
etc., and then connect to  via their links.
This is a win-win-win type solution.  Best of all, there are no legal
intrusions being thrust upon anyone.  If I'm Joe Sixpack, paid my union
dues for the last 25 years, I'm sure as hell going to go through the
 page to check out the retailers before shopping there.  If
I'm Jane Greene, I'm gonna make sure no baby seals were clubbed in the
making of my hemp shoes, so I'll do my surfing through links from
 web site.  And, if I'm one of the other 80% of the people
who don't give a damn about union labor problems, baby seals, or the plight
of migrant grape pickers, it'll save me the trouble of ignoring them as I
walk by.
So what if they only get to preach to the choir?  What about the rights of
the atheist to not have preaching in their private home, on their modem?
(This brings to mind another solution:  "The Christian IP Network.
Guaranteed to not deliver unto you the E-vil packets of the Demons of
Pornographers, Terrorists, Narcotics Traffickers, Money Launderers or
Cypherpunks.  We're the ISP that delivers only Family-Valued, God-Blessed
and Jesus-Approved packets to your customers.  Send lots of money now,
censors are standing by."  Hey, if they want to hide behind a whole
firewall full of censors, that's just fine by me.)
If Organized Labor or VerdurePax wants to start doing something like this
today, they're certainly welcome to do it.  For all I know, they might be
doing it now.  That's the beauty inherent in the system -- if I don't
personally care about their issues, they're not sucking up my bandwidth
with their propaganda.  And say what you like about free speech, since I
have to pay MONEY and waste my time on my modem connection, I have the
right to not download the bits I don't care about.
No one's right to free speech was trampled on by the existence of this
e-mail. Either you've voluntarily subscribed to a mailing list that
delivers it, or you're voluntarily reading it in a publically available
newsgroup or mirror.

@_date: 1997-07-12 03:12:22
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
How does this make for a more "efficient" market?  All I see is increased
costs of doing business (paying for the licensing), and increased costs to
the consumer (hiring a licensed contractor).  The benefit?  You're allowed
to invite the government into disputes.
Don't get me wrong, I understand the theory behind licensing.  It implies
that the licenseholder is proficient at his or her task (or at least was
when the license was granted.)  This can be important to public safety, in
that a shoddy electrician could cause a fire that could burn an entire
block, or that a hygenically-challenged barber could transmit nasty virii
via unsterilized scissors.  Public Safety is therefore served.  But where does the efficiency come from?
The self-policing guilds Tim mentions above exist because even the law
recognizes that it is unable to adequately define the boundaries within
which a physician must operate.  (You'd think lawyers would be able to get
it down legally on paper, but then there'd be no more need for congress
(spit) and they'd be out of jobs...)  They take on the function of an
electrician's license, since there's no "National Physicians Code" to
measure them by.
Let's apply it to us.  Take the case of a programmer who writes the code
for an electronic defibrillator.  Obviously, the code needs to be
"perfect", or else the machine might deliver a lethal shock.  Who should
write it?  A "licensed" programmer?  A member of the ACM?  A graduate of
MIT?  J Random StreetPerson?  Let's say it fails in operation, killing a patient.  It's shown that faulty
code is responsible.  Do we yank the programmer's license, or his
membership in the ACM?  Contact MIT and revoke his diploma?  Sue MIT for
granting him one in the first place?  Put him back on the streets?  What if it's the fault of the VisualSnozz++ compiler?  Can we go back and
pull Microsoft's coder's ACM membership?  Take away his license to code?
Pull the original coder's license for failing to use a compiler written by
an ACM certified professional?  Put Bill Gates in jail for selling it?
Would membership in the ACM be "proof" to an employer that this person
would produce "bug-free" software?  Would they bond and insure their code,
The big questions, then, are:
Does regulation fit our industry?  If so, where?
Will I be kicked out of the ACM for writing non-GAKked encryption software?
 ...for posting to cypherpunks in support of non-GAKked software?
...for having an incorrect political viewpoint?  A conviction for
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in ActiveX sauce'."

@_date: 1997-07-13 07:52:36
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: remailer@rcmp-grc.gc.ca ?? 
A bigger quote from the RCMP's Technological Crime Bulletin, located at:
[begin quote]
There are many anonymous re-mailers in operation across the Internet. To
use one of these services, a person must send an e-mail message to the
re-mailer, who will, in turn, send a return message which will include a user
ID for this anonymous service. You can now send a message to any
e-mail address via this server and receive responses without divulging your
true identity. Particularly privacy-conscious individuals have been known
to loop their e-mail through two or more anonymous re-mailers to hide
their tracks completely. Couple this with data encryption, and you have an
exceptionally secure e-mail system.
However, re-mailers may not be as secure as once thought. For example,
the person who runs the re-mailer has the capability to discover who you
are and to read and record all messages sent. The Internet re-mailer could
be a government sting operation or a criminal enterprise designed to
entrap people. Hackers can break into the re-mailer and read all of the
e-mail traffic.
Law enforcement must be aware of the existence of anonymous
re-mailers, as they provide a cheap, efficient, and secret way of
communication for criminal groups. Although there are few documented
cases of this form of communication among criminal organizations, there is
no doubt that the potential is present. But the news to law enforcement
may not be all bad. It may be possible for law enforcement to use
anonymous re-mailers as part of an ongoing operational plan. For
example, investigators could also loop their e-mail messages through
re-mailers to disguise their identity. This could have excellent application in all types of undercover investigations.
[End quote]
This quote, while not the entire page, shows that LEOs are not quite as clueless as they have been in the past.  In particular, the author seems to have a functional grasp of remailers, even though he describes a penet-style remailer.  He recognises the inherent dangers of trusting a remailer, and even the value of setting up a remailer for use in a sting operation!
My favourite part is the last quoted paragraph, where he suggests that what's good for the goose is also good for the gander.
Better check Raph's list again for the existance of remailer

@_date: 1997-07-17 03:36:00
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: White House "kinder, gentler"-CDA/censor empowerment meeting 
I think you made a phrasing error here.  Perhaps you meant to say that you
think it, "prudent to hold your tongue when speaking to the White House if
you want a gold-engraved invitation back."  To some people, it read like
you were saying "give up fundamental liberties to free speech in order to
'protect the children.'"  Either way, there's not much difference there:  political speech MUST
remain the 'most protected of all', and if someone is afraid of speaking
their mind during a debate, then we've all lost.
However, I think you've missed the ACLU point of NOT "playing the game".
They're not trying to get on (or stay on) the short invitation list to
whatever dog-n-pony show the White House trots out next.  Their concern is
for the Constitution, that it be followed BY EVERYONE, and that it doesn't
get trampled completely by bad laws written by ignorant lawmakers.  When
the ACLU was not "invited" to a meeting where the entire purpose seems be
that of passing another bad law to circumvent the first amendment without
pissing off the same ACLU, don't you agree that perhaps the White House
made a tactical error?
IMHO, the ACLU should be a part of the lawmaking *process*.  Rather than
passing bad laws and checking for their constitutionality on the back end
by people desperate enough to gamble on the outcome of a long, expensive
legal process, I think we'd all be a lot better off checking for
constituonal laws before we pass them at all.  According to the
Constitution, that's the President's job (it's what he said when he took
the oath), but we all know that he only sees his job to be that of "the
biggest congressman of all, gotta follow the polls of the whole nation."
Perhaps the "three strikes and you're out" rule could apply to Congress:
if you vote for three laws that are overturned by the Supreme Court as
unconstitutional, you go to jail for 25 years to life, no parole.  Debate
the new laws all you want, but when it comes down to casting your vote,
you'd better be certain you're not violating the Constitution.  We need more accountability on the front end of the legal process, because
the average among us can't afford to gamble on the back end.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-07-17 03:52:33
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: "The Failure to Do Your Job" amendment (was Re: White House ...) 
Please forgive me for following up to my own posting, but I just realized
how close I was to a solution:
A Constitutional amendment that would call for the impeachment of the
President for failing to veto any three bills that are overturned by the
Supreme Court on Constitutional grounds.
Call it "The Failure to Do Your Job" amendment, or the "For Violating Your
Oath" amendment.  Maybe include a clause that stipulates the ex-President
must also return any salary earned during his or her tenure.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-07-17 05:54:36
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: White House "kinder, gentler"-CDA/censor empowerment meeting 
This message was also To: Declan McCullagh , but
apparently algebra.com eats messages with more than one To: recipient.
I think you made a phrasing error here.  Perhaps you meant to say that you
think it, "prudent to hold your tongue when speaking to the White House if
you want a gold-engraved invitation back."  To some people, it read like
you were saying "give up fundamental liberties to free speech in order to
'protect the children.'"  Either way, there's not much difference there:  political speech MUST
remain the 'most protected of all', and if someone is afraid of speaking
their mind during a debate, then we've all lost.
However, I think you've missed the ACLU point of NOT "playing the game".
They're not trying to get on (or stay on) the short invitation list to
whatever dog-n-pony show the White House trots out next.  Their concern is
for the Constitution, that it be followed BY EVERYONE, and that it doesn't
get trampled completely by bad laws written by ignorant lawmakers.  When
the ACLU was not "invited" to a meeting where the entire purpose seems be
that of passing another bad law to circumvent the first amendment without
pissing off the same ACLU, don't you agree that perhaps the White House
made a tactical error?
IMHO, the ACLU should be a part of the lawmaking *process*.  Rather than
passing bad laws and checking for their constitutionality on the back end
by people desperate enough to gamble on the outcome of a long, expensive
legal process, I think we'd all be a lot better off checking for
constituonal laws before we pass them at all.  According to the
Constitution, that's the President's job (it's what he said when he took
the oath), but we all know that he only sees his job to be that of "the
biggest congressman of all, gotta follow the polls of the whole nation."
Perhaps the "three strikes and you're out" rule could apply to Congress:
if you vote for three laws that are overturned by the Supreme Court as
unconstitutional, you go to jail for 25 years to life, no parole.  Debate
the new laws all you want, but when it comes down to casting your vote,
you'd better be certain you're not violating the Constitution.  We need more accountability on the front end of the legal process, because
the average among us can't afford to gamble on the back end.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-03 05:20:26
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Secure phone 
The MITM attack is thwarted by Lucky's note:
          ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Each party reads off a series of digits displayed on their screen.  Out
loud.  To each other.  Over the secure phone.
The MITM attacker can't duplicate the hash on both ends, because a hash of
the public keys used to make the connection are different between the
MITM's public key and the real public keys.
Here's a secure conversation (assume for the moment that the addition below
represents a strong hash):
Alice <-------------------------------------> Bob
PK=1234                                       PK=5678
1234+5678=6912                                5678+1234=6912
Alice reads 69 over the phone, and Bob reads 12 back to her.
Alice and Bob proceed to have a private conversation.
Now, since Mallory has to create a PK, he cannot just duplicate
Alice's 1234, because he'd also need the private key to decrypt the
conversation.  Likewise, he cannot duplicate Bob's 5678.  He has to
generate his own PKs in an attempt to fool Bob & Alice.
Alice <-----> Mallory <-> Mallory <---------> Bob
PK=1234       PK=1111     PK=2222             PK=5678
1234+1111=2345                                5678+2222=7900
Alice reads "23" over the phone, and Bob reads "00" back.
Since Alice's hash function said she should hear "45" back from
Bob, and Bob's screen said he should have heard "79" from Alice,
Alice and Bob decide to talk about the weather, and how pretty the trees are in certain cities.
Mallory could try to thwart this by impersonating Bob's voice to
Alice, saying "45", and Alice's voice to Bob, saying "79"
(Mallory does, of course, know these numbers), but if Bob & Alice
know each other, this probably won't work too well.  Mallory would
have to be able to cut into the conversation real-time, undetected.
Now, of course, Mallory could hire Anna & Barry to pull the whole
impersonation thing off, so that for the entire conversation Alice
talks to Barry and Anna talks to Bob, each thinking that they're
really talking to the other, but that's also fraught with risk.
I'm sure they could pull it off on TV, though  :-)
So, it'd go full circle back to pass phrases again.
"I hear the cherry trees are lovely in Washington D.C."
"I wouldn't know, I've never visited Washington in the spring."
"I agree, the weather is usually too wet."
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-07 23:36:21
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Secure phone 
Therefore, man-in-the-middle can be more precisely described as an
unauthenticated end-point problem.  Therefore, without authentication,
there is no defense (yet) against MITM attacks.
One of the previous threads got me thinking:  the original thought was
something on the order of "make it so complex it takes so long to compute
that we know there was an MITM."  Obviously, Mallory can be given enough
resources to defeat a computationally bound challenge.  However, could
there be a way to use a trusted third party (Trent) to validate such a scheme?
Lets say that Trent is a trusted third party that operates a Digital
Notary, and will sign and datestamp any packet.  Can we use the old "one
oracle always lies, one oracle always tells the truth" riddle to pass a
request through Bob (or in the MITM case, Mallory) to Trent, who always
tells the truth?
(The riddle works like this:  You enter a room with two doors.  In front of
each sits an oracle.  A sign says that, "One oracle always lies, one always
tells the truth; behind one exit is a hungry tiger, and behind the other is
freedom.  You are allowed to ask the oracles any questions you wish."
The answer is: ask one of the oracles "which door would the OTHER oracle
say contains the tiger?", then you pick the OPPOSITE door to make your
getaway.  The idea is that you use the truth of one to include the lie of
the other to ensure your safety, without attempting to discover the
irrelevant fact of which oracle lies.)
Can we somehow use this to force a MITM to tip his hand?  Can we ask the
other end "make this request of Trent, and send me the response?"  Any
request Alice makes of Bob will instead be made by Mallory on Bob's behalf,
so it has to be for something either non-duplicatable or externally
Perhaps Alice and Bob can both ask Trent to do something externally
verifiable.  They could both ask Trent to lock up for a ten-second period
of time.  I know the MITM could use Trent for the conversation with Alice,
and Terrance for the conversation with Bob, but if Trent is somehow agreed
to or implied by the protocol, it might work.  But, of course, nobody would
want to sit around waiting for their 10 seconds of holding.  And if you had
to wait, it would give time for Mallory to spoof the waits.  What if both sides asked Trent to display a list of all "registered"
conversations that were taking place at a particular point in time?  Trent
could list that between 9:48:01 and 9:48:06 there were 20 conversations
being authenticated.  Among them are:  Alice PK 1234 was talking to Bob PK
1111 and also a Bob PK 5678 was talking to an Alice PK 2222.
Of course, this guarantees externally auditable traffic analysis.  But if
we're trying to assure that an unauthenticated Bob can talk securely to an
unauthenticated Alice, it might be an acceptable tradeoff.
All this assumes that the MITM can't get between Alice and Trent.  If an
authenticated public key is used for Trent, then Alice is OK as long as
Mallory isn't Trent's operator!
Obviously, the easy solution is to use authenticated public keys all
around.  Replace Trent in the above with Trusted Public Key Server, and
authentication is guaranteed.  J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-09 02:34:10
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Secure phone 
Really, that's the only point I was attacking.  I agree that from a
practical standpoint that you probably would be able to detect a fake voice
However, a weakness is a weakness, and from a practical standpoint, digital
audio technology is not getting worse as time goes on.  The phone phreaker
world has a blue box (available on the net and called bluebox, I think)
that uses the sound card to generate tones to fool phone systems into
giving them free long distance.  It also will use a recorded human voice to
"read" credit card numbers and phone numbers to a telephone operator.
While it's not perfect, it does manage to get inflection and tone properly
across.  The imperfections are ostensibly covered up by the omnipresent
telephone network noise (from which your box does not suffer.)  It would not take an enormous amount of recorded conversation to have
enough samples to extract the complete set of hex digits from any given
speaker.  But, it would take an enormous amount of chutzpah for a MITM to
try it.
It would be easy enough to "trick" the MITM into exposing their existance
anyway, just by using digits that come up in conversation.  Humans would be
able to come up with unique situations that the MITM would find all but
impossible to predict.  "Hey, Eric, I noticed that the third digit of your
IP address' second octet is the same as the second digit of our exchange.
How's by you?"  A sudden dropout of sound (or "accidental" loss of
connection) while the MITM recognizes the trap and tries to backpedal will
be instantly noticed.  Human protocols are resilient, whereas mathematical
protocols are precise.
Having a working theory behind securing the exchange (whether or not you
implement it) makes for a nice mind exercise, anyway.  Your working boxes
are a far cry above any theory we discuss here.  If I had one of your nifty
boxes, I'm sure I wouldn't lose sleep over the theoretical holes.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-09 11:08:36
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: computationally infeasible jobs for MITMs (Re: Secure phone) 
I think that's the problem:  once it's formalized and automated, it's
spoofable by a MITM.  The informal, "Hi Adam, my first digit's the third
digit of your phone number today, how's your end?" type of query, perhaps
made before or after the entire "I've got 78F, what's yours?" sequence, is
going to remain secure.  If we assume the MITM can spoof your digits, he
can also spoof a whole query without weird digit splicing in the middle.
It's like the cartoon cat looking the cartoon dog image in the mirror,
waving and trying to trick the image.  You can attempt to outmaneuver a
MITM with trick questions which will almost certainly expose him, but if
the stakes are high enough...where there's a will, there was a dead body.
Without some external reference, be it the knowledge of the public key of
the other participant, or using a trusted arbitrator, keyserver or
whatever, I don't think you *can* mathematically authenticate the other
end.  The MITM with full knowledge will always be able to reconstruct the
proper replies.  Your best defenses will be:
    1) External (out-of-band) authentication, as in a PGP key
       signing party, or even just having Bob's key fingerprint
       from a piece of e-mail posted to cypherpunks a year ago.
    2) Wetware outclevering the MITM.
Re:  your noise introduction protocol.  Cute idea, but what if Mallory
simply audio-couples his two phones together along with a noise compander
circuit a la Dolby?  That kind of noise is precisely what the simple
electronic filters can remove, and the digital portion is passed via the
coupling computer system (the one that spoofs the voices.)
"Hey, Bob, I think we've got a MITM!  This connection is too clear!"  :-)
I think the hardest to defeat will be the case where Mallory hires Alicia
and Bobby to impersonate Alice and Bob to each other.  Alice <---------------------------> Bob  (what they think is happening)
Alice <---> Bobby______Alicia <---> Bob  (what actually is happening)
           /                 \
          under Mallory's control
where Bobby and Alicia have the translator's gift of speaking while
listening.  They could fill in the cracks with idle chatter, have their own
personalities, and basically run both shows.  They could even run offline
from each other, being intelligent humans.  As long as Alice and Bob only
communicate through Mallory's intermediaries (i.e. never meet in real life,
out-of-band), Mallory owns the show.  (Tell me you've never seen something
like that on a rerun of _Mission_Impossible_!  :-)
Would you know if you were talking to the REAL John Deters?  All I could
assume about you is that if my phone rang and a voice claimed to be Adam
Back, I'd expect to hear it in a British accent, and with just a bit of
time delay so I'd know it was coming across the Atlantic.  About 50 million
people could pass themselves off as you today, and I'd never know the
difference.  I can't even tell a Liverpool accent from a London accent!
And if I had a voice recognition system, well, then I'd hope if I was
taking a voice sample from you that I'd be smart enough to exchange public
keys so we could do our authentication the right way.
Again, my position is:
  o  internal authentication is *not* information-theoretically possible;   o  out-of-band authentication *can be* theoretically secure;
  o  MITM attacks are *almost* infeasible, and *always* expensive; and
  o  if you still suspect a MITM after trying to outwit one, you're just
     being paranoid.  Stop it.
P.S.  Even if I exchanged PGP keys with you face-to-face, compared picture
ID's, checked your fingerprints, read a signed letter from your Mom (moms
don't lie,) and *knowing* that you are indeed Adam Back, I still won't know
if you work for MI-5 or not!  Nothing's perfect, so lets take what we can
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-10 23:01:48
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: Defeating MITM with Eric's Secure Phone 
Yes, your PGP solution will work.  Information-theoretically speaking, it's
a simple XOR, and is as secure as the random number generator used and the
PGP systems used to exchange your secret key.
However, so will a thousand other schemes that use PGP, or any other
"out-of-band" form of authentication.  At this point you realize that you
are using PGP for authentication, not the "Secure Phone".  Our discussion
so far has been ways of authenticating the connection WITHOUT external
references.  No pre-exchanged public keys, no pre-arranged passwords or
secrets or any of that.  (They even disallowed me a trip to ask a trusted
To restate the problem in its current form:  using the secure phone
channel, (and only the secure phone channel) can we "prove" that we are
connecting only two endpoints, and that there is no man-in-the-middle
between the voices that are speaking to each other?  Remember that Mallory
(the man in the middle) has full knowledge of the protocol and of the
public keys belonging to both parties.  He can even spoof the voices.
The latest candidates for solutions have been "have the users identify this
flaw in the audio" which is probably as good as we can hope for on an
unauthenticated conversation.
As it is, Eric's current solution to have each party simply read their half
of the hash.  Real-time impersonating the audio to the point where you can
fool a careful human is already putting a great deal of exposure risk on
My bottom line:  I would trust Eric's current phone to all but eliminate
the MITM, and with external authentication I wouldn't have any problems at
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-10-10 23:12:56
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: authentication suggestion for secure phone (Re: computationally infeasible jobs for MITMs) 
The problems with this solution are twofold:
1.  Eric may have to redesign the unit to have persistent read-write
storage.  And maybe a *lot* of storage, if you use it a lot.  Maybe a lot
of expen$ive $torage at that.  His phone is already priced way out of the
consumer market, let's not add to that.
2.  I had problems with UUCP when my machines got out of sync (way back
when.)  Just think how bad they'll look if they refuse to light up "secure"
because one guy had to change batteries.
I agree with you that external authentication is the only way to fly.  And
if it is simply accepted, lets let Eric's unit survive unmolested and use
PGP out-of-band (as per Monty's suggestion) or use PGP to exchange session
keys (like in Speak Freely.)
I also think the most likely avenue of attack will be a black bag job on
the individual user's phone.  MITM attacks seem too risky and expensive to
pay off.
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:04:09
@_author: John Deters 
@_subject: Re: SET 
SET, and
Having spent the last ten years at this retail outfit, I can assure you
that "impossible to deploy" != "won't be deployed".  If Mastercard tells us
that they will jack our rates by 0.5% for every transaction processed
without SET, then management will demand SET be rolled out.  Function be
damned, security be damned, as long as some bookkeeper somewhere is
satisfied that SET happens, then we avoid a huge rate increase.
If the security of SET is questioned in the trade rags, our management's
approach will be to assume that Mastercard will fix it in the future, but
roll it out now anyway.  OTOH, it's obvious (even to them) that SET
couldn't possibly be any *less* secure than current authorizing techniques.
*Sigh*.  Look for copyrighted swirly red/orange logos to appear on
retailer's doors' soon:      "SET(tm) Transaction Processing --      It's safe to use your Mastercard here"
John, who will get dragged into implementing it.  Got any suggestions?
J. Deters "Don't think of Windows programs as spaghetti code.  Think
          of them as 'Long sticky pasta objects in OLE sauce'."
