
@_date: 1994-12-15 13:13:57
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Don't freak with the address... I'm moving.  Check the sig if you're paranoid.
Tim's wise words were:
Well, ignoring the fact that MIME appears to be infiltrating the Web as well...
I would differ with your analysis of MIME's lack of usefulness.  It does
provide a possible way to integrate PGP into the mail/Web landscape (from a
crypto standpoint).  Multimedia I'm not so sure about; I think the big draw
to MIME will come when Person A drags and drops a spreadsheet into a MIME
mailer and sends the message to Person B, who then clicks on an icon to pull
up the spreadsheet.  But I digress...
I'd say, however, that MIME isn't a done deal yet, though it's getting
there.  Until it's there, it's probably a bad idea.  It's been my experience
that many mailers are just MIME-compliant enough to cause their users lots
of headaches.
(As I write this, I notice I'm using Eudora, which MIMEs all its stuff.  Oh,
well; I hope this message isn't too much trouble for y'all...)
I vote for MIME-encoded cave drawings. :-)

@_date: 1994-12-21 12:45:09
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: GUI: PGP vs novices 
And yes, you're forgiven for posting private E-mail. :-)
Again, not a flame, just a warning to be more careful.  I really didn't mind
in this case; however, you might be likely to find someone who would be in
Granted.  However, I'm unfortunately not a developer for a mail package,
which means I can only offer you a stopgap.
However, since writing you, I did remember another resource.  There's a
commercial mailer called ZMail which is being talked about in alt.security.pgp. It's supposedly extensible, and Guy Berliner has written scripts for it
which put an "Encrypt" and "Decrypt" button on his mailer's toolbar.
Noticing you're from Spry, however, I may be encouraging you to use a
competitor's package.  Perhaps you could wield some influence to get the
Internet-in-a-Box developers to integrate PGP into their mailer?
Unfortuantely, no.  I got it directly from Mike Meyer.  I can send you a
copy via mail if you're interested.

@_date: 1994-12-28 12:20:56
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
Perhaps, then, we need to discuss exactly what attacks your average sysadmin
would be expected to make.
I would think that you'd need to guard against two kinds of sysadmins:
1.  The "gentleperson" sysadmin.  Though this person might have reason to
want to do nasty things to you, (s)he is restricted, either by personal
morals or company policy, to doing things that are "proper".  Hacking the
kernel or the compiler would be out; rather, this person would be more apt
to be liberal in his/her use of root privileges, possibly installing
user-space keypress monitors (like ttysnoop or some X keygrabber).  Schemes
like a "personal tripwire", MD5 hashes of various important programs, and so
on would be effective against this kind of attacker.
2.  "Sysadmin Hatfield."  You're McCoy; you get the picture.  Nothing is
below him/her.  Your best protection: never log in.
The problem lies in distinguishing the two, and specifically detecting the
latter at any point (in case the former becomes the latter by, say, a policy
change), as Eric pointed out.
...or your computer policy department.  Remember, not even sysadmins are
God.  While it's likely that a sysadmin could hack the kernel to substitute
bogus MD5 hashes, doing so in certain environments could earn the sysadmin a
quick exit from employment.  If your sysadmin just didn't like you, it's
possible to get the upper hand; if the sysadmin has the added advantage of
little to no oversight, you're screwed.

@_date: 1995-01-12 07:16:58
@_author: Jeff A Licquia 
@_subject: Knowing Something's Encrypted 
Maybe I'm missing something here.  If I am, please bonk me.
Here's a simple method for knowing that some data you received is encrypted:
1.  Require a specific method (we'll use PGP in this example).
2.  When a message comes in, check for a PGP format message.  If you really wanted to get fancy, you could parse the PGP header a bit to make sure the data was really encrypted.
It's true that this isn't "cryptographic" in the sense of testing the ciphertext itself, but it should work for the practical goal of enforcing a "must be encrypted" rule.

@_date: 1995-01-17 07:46:34
@_author: Jeff A Licquia 
@_subject: Re: Scientologys Attempts 
An 'rmgroup' is a control message used by Usenet when a group needs to be removed globally.  Etiquette suggests that only big, important people should send these out, but technically anyone can send one.
I followed the Scientology debate with little interest until yesterday, when I fired up my newsreader and was asked "Subscribe to new group alt.religion.scientology?"  At that point, I knew that the real war had begun. :-)
From what I was able to ascertain here, an rmgroup was sent out, followed soon after by a newgroup (or two or three or...).  My news server doesn't honor newgroups in the alt hierarchy automatically as a rule, but did so in this case for some reason.
News server: news.cso.uiuc.edu, on the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign campus.

@_date: 1995-01-17 12:27:23
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
Here comes the clergy! :-)
I'm sure that when your hypothetical remailer comes up and I decide to spam
you with your own words (now I wouldn't do that, now would I? ;-), your
sysadmin will be comforted by knowing that it's only ones and zeros filling
his hard disk.  He would be especially comforted if I spammed
postmaster rather than your own account in a move to
protect your own anonymity.
Advocating a remailer such as you describe is only possible in a world where
anonymity is considered the supreme good, a goal to achieve no matter how
many other ethical rules we break.  In the real world, however, there will
always be problems with "acceptable use" and "abuse", along with the
additional problems with establishing policy and so on.

@_date: 1995-01-18 09:21:49
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
Yes, this is true.  Even if it didn't crash the system, however, it could
have the effect of disabling mail service, either to all users on the system
or to the particular user being spammed (depending on the robustness of the
system).  Though it's not as likely to anger the sysadmin, it is more likely
to anger the spamee.  More to the point, if the spammer uses random
anonymous remailers to protect his/her identity, there's no good way to
prevent this attack short of installing a filter of some kind or refusing
mail from remailers.  If no one will accept mail from the anon remailers,
what good are they?
I though most usage agreements had something in them about reasonable limits
and such.  On that basis, a provider could choose to auto-kill spam if they
thought it "unreasonable".  This of course assumes that providers always
abide by well-defined rules and are not arbitrary in any way. :-)
{As to my personal situation, since you asked: Prairienet has quotas.)
It's been my experience up to this point that for each security safeguard
put in place, there will be someone somewhere that will find a way to breach
it.  Perhaps strong crypto will serve to end that trend; I doubt it, though,
due to the horrid legal situation.  Thus I doubt that written,
human-enforced policy will disappear anytime soon.  Not an ideal situation,
I must admit.

@_date: 1995-01-18 09:41:44
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: EE Times on PRZ 
Another quote from the article posted elsewhere said that, "PGP, which is
based on the Diffie-Hellman public-key technology developed in the 1970s..."
This is technically true, since all public-key work (including RSA) is based
to some extent on DH.  It could be, however, that the author is confusing
public-key technology with Diffie-Hellman public-key in particular, which
(as I understand it) is not particularly secure.

@_date: 1995-01-18 11:42:18
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: EE Times on PRZ 
Sorry, I wasn't perfectly clear.  Of course, RSA is not based on
Diffie-Hellman specifically; what I mean is that all public-key work is
based on that general paper, which "invented" public-key cryptography.  I
think this very confusion may be plaguing the writer of the aforementioned
It was my impression that DH had a further weakness not related to the
difficulty of the hard problem.  As my copy of Schneider is at home, I must
defer to ignorance at this point.

@_date: 1995-01-19 08:45:58
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: JP vs Homer 
This works only if one assumes that the exact same message is posted using
the exact same path.  Granted, it would probably be effective for novice
Consider a premail/chain type script and a cleartext spam message.  The
script is executed once every five minutes, say.  When it runs, it creates a
new random path through the remailers, adding encryption wrappers for each
hop.  Your spam detector would miss this one completely unless your remailer
was used as the terminal remailer for a significant number of spams.  More
significantly, the MD5 hashes of each message would be different even if the
same path were used more than once because the PGP session key would be
different (again, unless your remailer would be the terminal remailer in the
particular path that repeated).

@_date: 1995-01-19 09:17:01
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
The "Linux mavens" followed by the "black box" stuff sparked an idea...
First, before delving into dreamland: I'm sure Linux could be hung off just
about any store-and-forward (a la UUCP) or TCP/IP-based network there is
with a minimum of trouble.
Linux junkies are familiar with the concept of "distributions".  For the
uninitiated, Linux itself is just a kernel; Linus Torvalds doesn't hold
anyone's hand when it comes to actually turning that kernel into a working
system.  As a result, people have done this job themselves: they build their
own working systems painstakingly from scratch and then archive it off to
disk or CD-ROM, which they sell or give away.  Most of the time, when you
get Linux, you're actually getting one of these "distributions" of Linux,
complete with all the frills that don't come with the kernel (like the
shell, basic utils, and so on).
Now how 'bout this: Consider a new distribution of Linux, the "Cypherpunk"
distribution (if ya don't like the name, make up yer own!).  This would be a
bare minimum of a distribution, with nothing fancy: bash, misc. utils like
ls, etc.  This can fit (tightly) in 20 MB.  The supplied kernel would have
every networking option under the sun turned on, but would be otherwise bare
of frills as well.  Now let's add minimal network utils (telnet and telnetd
for connecting and sendmail for obvious reasons), perl, PGP, and a remailer
package.  To make it as easy as possible, I'd use the UMSDOS filesystem, so
that Linux could be installed on a DOS machine without any reformatting,
repartitioning, or similar headaches.
We could make this available via FTP or press some CD-ROMs if we were
ambitious. Better yet, the cool Linux thing to do now is to install via NFS;
this makes installing Linux as easy as sticking in a boot disk and pointing
the install program at the NFS server (well, not quite, but pretty close).
After adding in the cute little install program (like the Slackware
distribution already has) and some boot options, you'd have an "instant
remailer" software package, able to transform any 386SX/4MB RAM DOS machine
or better into a Linux-based remailer site, complete with aliases, logging
policies, etc. already configured for you. I bet even Tim May could install
this if it were done right. :-)
So, am I dreaming, or does this sound viable to y'all?

@_date: 1995-01-19 13:05:11
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: Remailer-on-a-CD 
Add "standard serial port" here, for reasons I'll get into in a moment...
The "umbilical cord" here could be a standard serial port; this could be
used in several ways.  In addition, Linux has the ability to do TCP/IP
through the parallel ports (using a LapLink-style protocol), so that could
possibly work as well.
There are a few options here:
Reuse the monitor, keyboard, etc. for each installation.
Go ahead and throw in the floppy, and set up the Linux kernel on the floppy
to use the serial port as the console instead of the monitor/keyboard.
Connect your second PC using the PLIP (that's the parallel port IP stuff)
protocol.  On the second PC, one would run a program that wouls telnet to
the first PC and run the install program, which would run via NFS on the
PLIP line.
As far as price, I've seen 386SX motherboards run for $99.  At a going rate
of $50 per MB of RAM, buying a used MFM disk and controller for, say, $40 (I
had the option of buying a junk box full of stuff, including two 20MB drives
and a 10MB, for $100), some cheap $10 everything-board, a $70 14.4 modem,
and a power supply at $50 (here I may be way off), that adds up to... $470.
Not a bad guess!  And this assumes you pay new prices for the motherboard,
RAM, multiport, modem, and power supply...
Also, if you wanted to splurge, you could opt for a few more MB of RAM and a
CD-ROM drive.  With our recently pressed "Cypherpunk Toolkit" CD-ROMs :-)
and a boot floppy, you wouldn't necessarily need to install anything at all;
the Linux kernel could store site-specific info (entered the first time you
booted up via a cute user-friendly interface) on the floppy and load it to a
RAMdisk, mounting the CD-ROM for all the rest of the interesting stuff.  On
multipurpose systems (you only use the computer a few hours per day and run
the remailer using some store-and-forward system the rest of the time), this
wouldn't take up any hard disk space, and your remailer could conveniently
disappear with a simple Ctrl-Alt-Del and the slam of a safe door.  ("But
officer, all I have on my hard drive is DOS and Windows.  See for yourself!
I don't even have PGP here...")
You know, the more I think about this, the more ideas pop into my head.  I'd
better quit before I get dizzy...  What if the site-specific stuff on the
floppy were encrypted... or the kernel... ?  Could we use Matt Blaze's
CFS...?  Store the site-specifics on a data haven for backup... with
auto-download on bootup... notebook remailers in car trunks using RadioMail
or POP3 that have no single physical location... dynamic remailer
configuration (download your IP address and alias info, etc. from the
Remailer Server)...?  STOP THE WORLD, I WANT TO GET OFF!!!
There; that's better.
Maybe I'll play around this weekend and try building a minimal Linux
distribution (on what hard disk space :-).  Then again, maybe I won't, so
don't be bashful to play around on your own!

@_date: 1995-01-19 13:52:28
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
Not necessarily.  Imagine, for example, a FidoNet or UUCP remailer.  It
might be nice for Internet users to have some kind of mail aliasing in the
DNS for you, but it wouldn't be required by any means.  I think it would be
better to have lots of remailers with ugly addresses (like
"jeff%jtj-l.uucp which is my address on my Linux box at home) than
only a few with nice ones.  (FidoNet has its own problems, such as paranoid
BBSes that disallow encrypted traffic, but that's another matter.)  These
remailers wouldn't even need to be up 24 hours; you could run it at night,
calling up on bootup and every hour thereafter or something.  It's not
perfect, to be sure, but what else is perfect?
I don't know how hard it is to get in on the local FidoNet, but UUCP isn't
too hard, and is a lot cheaper.  When I was in college, my college gave me a
feed for free.  I'm not so familiar what providers charge.  Of course,
university accounts have their good and bad points; however, if you could
persuade someone offsite with control over a domain name (for example,
"remailer.net" :-) to give you a mail alias on their domain, this would take
a bit more effort to track than your typical "remailer.uiuc.edu" type
domain.  This would make it less likely that the university would hear
complaints, also, since most complainers would be more likely to complain to
"postmaster than "postmaster if your machine was
called "anon instead of "anon%anarchy.uucp
or "anon
And this doesn't even get into the neato-cool new services you West Coasters
get, like RadioMail...
Around here, it isn't even available unless you access through the
CompuServe numbers or call long distance (read: $$$).  That may be changing
No need for even a 486.  If it takes an hour to process a remailer script,
so much the better for the mix.  You could call it a "required latency
feature". :-)
Set up correctly, these "Remailer-In-A-Box" type machines could do several
things to share a connection.  They could, for example, all be connected
with serial cables and use UUCP to get mail where it needs to go.  I
believe, in addition, that you can chain up to three deep with PLIP.  This
of course assumes that Ethernet isn't an option.

@_date: 1995-01-20 08:19:56
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: Remailer-on-a-CD 
I saw your announcement on comp.os.linux.announce right after suggesting the
"instant remailer" idea. (what timing!)  Already got it, and plan on playing
with it a little bit to see what fun we could have.  (5-floppy remailer
install, anyone?)

@_date: 1995-01-20 08:27:16
@_author: Jeff Licquia 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
Would it be better if you didn't have to dedicate your box to Linux, but
just ran it every so often when you weren't playing with Codewright?  If you
had some store-and-forward mail system (like UUCP or Fido), you wouldn't
need to say goodbye to DOS/Windows.
I envision a setup right now where you could (if you wanted) type "remailer"
at the DOS prompt to bring the remailer up.  The screen would show a
monitor-type program, with a menu option to "R)eboot" to DOS again (or you
could just hit Ctrl-Alt-Del).
Oh, and I'd probably package a much nicer editor than vi with it.  Believe
it or not, the state of Unix editors has progressed beyond vi (and even
emacs).  But that's assuming you'd need to pull up an editor at all...
