
@_date: 1994-05-09 22:39:36
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: This is an abstract from a talk at Cornell University... 
Peter Wayner writes
It is news to me that a quantum computer can do this, but
is seems plausible that it could.  Factoring is a member of a class of problems for which it
is plausible that quantum computers have capabilities fundamentally superior to classical computers.
On the other hand the field of quantum computing is full
of crackpots.
No quantum computers have been built.  Quantum computers are
unlikely to be useful until we get down to nanometer scale
At the current rate of progress I conjecture (ill informed
guestimate) that quantum computers will not do anything useful
until about 2030.
Quantum computers are coherence limited. For any computation
that cannot be completed swiftly they will develop noise,
which makes them act like classical computers.  Thus even
if their limitations are polynomial, whereas classical
computers have non polynomial limitations on factoring,
it will take them a long time to catch up with classical
Thus it will be many years after quantum computers have
been developed and are being used routinely before
they could equal classical computers in the factoring
If Goldwin's claim is true, then perhaps public key
cryptograhy will eventually fall, in sixty years or

@_date: 1994-05-16 18:26:43
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: PGP 2.6 ??? 
David Taffs writes
Obviously the rest of the world is not going to accept a standard crippled for the convenience of any one government.
If 2.6 is deliberately incompatible, I predict that it will
fail.  Remember how IBM failed when it tried to change
the PC standard.  Remember the great Apple III flop.
In the unlikely event that "Cypherpunks write code"
then cypherpunks will control the standard.   It really
is that easy.i
Standards are set by good products, not by governments or big

@_date: 1994-05-17 18:47:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: So PGP2.5 is becoming clearing... 
Lile Elam posted the RSA licensing agreement.  He thought it
was bad.  I think it is great.  Maybe I do not understand it.
If I understand it correctly it gives us the right to fix PGP
2.6 if it is broken.
You cannot use it in commercial software directly, but you can
write freeware that has hooks in so the freeware can be used
by another program or by a human, and then write commercial
software that uses those hooks.
For example I could write a freeware account management program that generates digitally signed IOUs, and a
commercial program that uses the freeware program.
Am I missing something?  This sounds like the war is over
and we won!

@_date: 1994-05-19 07:24:36
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Mosaic to support digital money in September 
I have only recently resubscribed to cypherpunks, so
forgive me if this is old news.
Enterprise Integration Technologies and friends will
enable digital money transactions in Mosaic in September
(they hope, I would guess January 1995 before it really
Press release follows after my commentary.
The transaction model has a crippled mode for people
outside the US and Canada
They intend that you will be able to write contracts and
internet checks on participating banks.  It is very
centralized of course, but don't whine - it is the thin
edge of the wedge.  Once American banks are on the
internet, Swiss banks will follow.
The model uses account based digital money.  It is overly
centralized, but it is an excellent step towards a
decentralized system of digital money.
The cypherpunks are experimenting with digital token based
money.  Digital token based money is damn inconvenient,
and each digital token currency requires a single
centralized server which tends to monopoly and is thus
highly vulnerable to government coercion.  Although the
server does not know which of its clients has been
transacting with which, it does know the thing that the
government is most interested in knowing - how much the
client got, and how much he spent.
For this reason I think decentralized account based
digital money is the best hope.
The following press release was posted on the CIS forum
Quote begins:
 11559 S1/General Information  [INETFORU]                                        14-Apr-94  04:12:28                                                        Sb: PR:EIT/NCSA/RSA                                                            Fm: Scott Loftesness 76703,407                                                 To: All
[from an EIT/NCSA/RSA press release]             Enterprise Integration Technologies (EIT), the National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA)
at the University of Illinois
and RSA Data  Security have announced agreements to jointly develop and distribute
a secure version of NCSA Mosaic, the popular
point-and-click interface that enables easy access to
thousands of multimedia information services on the
Internet. The announcement was made in conjunction with the
launch of CommerceNet, a large-scale market trial of
electronic commerce on the Internet. Under the agreements,
EIT will integrate its Secure-HTTP software with public key
cryptography from RSA into NCSA Mosaic Clients and World
Wide Web (WWW) servers. WWW is a general-purpose
architecture for information retrieval comprised of
thousands of computers and servers that is available to
anyone on Internet. The enhancements will then be made
available to NCSA for widespread public distribution and
commercial licensing. Jay M. Tenenbaum, chief executive
officer of EIT, believes secure NCSA Mosaic will help
unleash the commercial potential of the Internet by
enabling buyers and sellers to meet spontaneously and
transact business. "While NCSA Mosaic makes it possible to
browse multimedia catalogs, view product videos, and fill
out order forms, there is currently no commercially safe
way to consummate a sale," said Tenenbaum. "With public key
cryptography, however, one can authenticate the identity of
trading partners so that access to sensitive information
can be properly accounted for."
This secure version of NCSA Mosaic allows users to affix
digital signatures which cannot be repudiated and time
stamps to contracts so that they become legally binding and
auditable. In addition, sensitive information such as
credit card numbers and bid amounts can be securely
exchanged under encryption.
Together, these capabilities provide the foundation for a
broad range of financial services, including the network
equivalents of credit and debit cards, letters of credit
and checks. In short, such secure WWW software enables all
users to safely transact day-to-day business involving even
their most valuable information on the Internet.
According to Joseph Hardin, director of the NCSA group that
developed NCSA Mosaic, over 50,000 copies of the interface
software are being downloaded monthly from NCSA's public
server - with over 300,000 copies to date. Moreover, five
companies have signed license agreements with NCSA and
announced plans to release commercial products based on
NCSA Mosaic. "This large and rapidly growing installed base
represents a vast, untapped marketplace," said Hardin. "The
availability of a secure version of NCSA Mosaic establishes
a valid framework for companies to immediately begin
large-scale commerce on the Internet."
Jim Bidzos, president of RSA, sees the agreement as the
beginning of a new era in electronic commerce, where
companies routinely transact business over public networks.
"RSA is proud to provide the enabling public key software
technology and will make it available on a royalty-free
basis for inclusion in NCSA's public distribution of NCSA
Mosaic," said Bidzos. "RSA and EIT will work together to
develop attractive licensing programs for commercial use of
public key technology in WWW servers."
At the CommerceNet launch, Allan M. Schiffman, chief
technical officer of EIT, demonstrated a working prototype
of secure NCSA Mosaic, along with a companion product that
provides for a secure WWW server. The prototype was
implemented using RSA's TIPEM toolkit.
"In integrating public key cryptography into NCSA Mosaic,
we took great pains to hide the intricacies and preserve
the simplicity and intuitive nature of NCSA Mosaic,"
explained Schiffman.
Any user that is familiar with NCSA Mosaic should be able
to understand and use the software's new security features.
Immediately to the left of NCSA's familiar spinning globe
icon, a second icon has been inserted that is designed to
resemble a piece of yellow paper. When a document is
signed, a red seal appears at the bottom of the paper,
which the user can click on to see the public key
certificates of the signer and issuing agencies. When an
arriving document is encrypted, the paper folds into a
closed envelope, signifying that its formation is hidden
from prying eyes. When the user fills out a form containing
sensitive information, there is a "secure send" button that
will encrypt it prior to transmission.
To effectively employ public-key cryptography, an
infrastructure must be created to certify and standardize
the usage of public key certificates. CommerceNet will
certify public keys on behalf of member companies, and will
also authorize third parties such as banks, public agencies
and industry consortia to issue keys. Such keys will often
serve as credentials, for example, identifying someone as a
customer of a bank, with a guaranteed credit line.
Significantly, all of the transactions involved in doing
routine purchases from a catalog can be accomplished
without requiring buyers to obtain public keys. Using only
the server's public key, the buyer can authenticate the
identity of the seller, and transmit credit card
information securely by encrypting it under the seller's
public key. Because there are fewer servers than clients,
public key administration issues are greatly simplified.
To successfully combine simplicity of operation and key
administration functions with a high level of security that
can be accessible to even non-sophisticated users,
significant changes were necessary for existing WWW
security protocols. EIT developed a new protocol called
Secure-HTTP for dealing with a full range of modern
cryptographic algorithms and systems in the Web. Secure-HTTP enables incorporation of a variety of
cryptographic standards, including, but not limited to,
RSA's PKCS-7, and Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM), and
supports maximal interoperation between clients and servers
using different cryptographic algorithms. Cryptosystem and
signature system interoperation is particularly useful
between U.S. residents and non-U.S. residents, where the
non-U.S. residents may have to use weaker 40-bit keys in
conjunction with RSA's RC2 and RC4 variable keysize
ciphers. EIT intends to publish Secure-HTTP as an Internet
standard, and work with others in the WWW community to
create a standard that will encourage using the Web for a
wide variety of commercial transactions.
EIT will make Secure NCSA Mosaic software available at no
charge to CommerceNet members in September and NCSA will
incorporate these securefeatures in future NCSA Mosaic
Enterprise Integration Technologies Corp., of Palo Alto,
(EIT), is an R&D and consulting organization, developing
software and services that help companies do business on
the Internet. EIT is also project manager of CommerceNet.
The National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA),
developer of the Mosaic hypermedia browser based at the
University of Illinois in Champaign, Ill., is pursuing a
wide variety of software projects aimed at making the
Internet more useful and easier to use.
RSA Data Security Inc., Redwood City, Calif., invented
Public Key Cryptography and performs basic research and
development in the cryptographic sciences. RSA markets
software that facilitates the integration of their
technology into applications.
 _____________________________________________________________________
Quote ends.
This press release was transferred from Compuserve to internet by
Owen Morgan	(omorgan
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves and our
James A. Donald    |  property, because of the kind of animals that we
  are.  True law derives from this right, not from
jamesd  |  the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.

@_date: 1994-05-19 10:48:54
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Mosaic to support digital money in September 
Hal writes
 I stand corrected.  On reflection I see that if I receive digital tokens
to my true name, I can pass them anonymously to a pseudonym registered in the Cayman islands, and the server will only know that the pseudonym received them.
It will not know that my true name received them.  The pseudonym can
then pass new digital tokens to my true name without the server This system is indeed secure, but only if widely used (mature).
It is not clear to me that it is capable of competing with insecure
account based digital money.
Since US banks will only be permitted to issue account based money
(digital checks) and Swiss banks etc will probably issue primarily
account based money at first, it will be necessary to have an
interface between digital token based money and account based money.
If both are used, as we hope will happen, what then will be the competitive advantage of digital tokens?
One advantage is that it is not necessary for the shopkeeper to know the customers worth or identity, or to check with the customers
bank.  But the shopkeeper, when dealing with an anonymous customer,
still has to check with the server to see if the coins have already
been used, so this advantage is no advantage at all.
Any other advantages?

@_date: 1994-05-19 17:19:43
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Mosaic to support digital money in September 
Eric Hughes writes
Only what is in the news and stuff.
In the cover story of May 11 Computer currents, page 40
Box, Malone and Davidow say that the money enabled Mosaic
will be available in the fall (press release says September
- I do not believe either of them) and that what we would
call a server program (accounting and ordering package)
will cost around 10 000 dollars.  Obviously their model is
the TV shopping channer, whereas the model we want to see
implemented is the middle eastern bazaar, with giving and
receiving money equally convenient for both parties.
My comments were my interpretation of the press release.
My interpretation may be misleading or inaccurate.  The press
release is probably misleading and inaccurate.
If someone would get the real info from EIT, I would be
interested to hear it.  In particular, now that PGP is US
legal, are they going to support PGP in mosaic?  (They
were not going to at the time of the press release)
Read the press release
   "EIT will make Secure NCSA Mosaic software available at no
    charge to CommerceNet members in September and NCSA will
    incorporate these securefeatures in future NCSA Mosaic
    releases.   Enterprise Integration Technologies Corp., of
    Palo Alto, (EIT), is an R&D and consulting organization,
    developing software and services that help companies do
    business on the Internet. EIT is also project manager of
    CommerceNet.    "
Read the press release
   "Cryptosystem and signature system interoperation is
    particularly useful between U.S. residents and non-U.S.
    residents, where the non-U.S. residents may have to use
    weaker 40-bit keys in conjunction with RSA's RC2 and RC4
    variable keysize ciphers. EIT intends to publish
    Secure-HTTP as an Internet standard, and work with others
    in the WWW community to create a standard that will
    encourage using the Web for a wide variety of commercial
    transactions.
   "
The biggest crippling is that they do not mention
supporting PGP.
If Mosaic supports PEM, then PEM will win.  But PEM is
useless.  An evil NSA plot?  Naw, they have not got the
brains.  More likely coorporate stupidity.
I have no idea, but that would seem to be the only way that it
could work, but since I screwed up big in my comments on magic
money, other folk may well be more imaginative than I am.
Quite so.  But your typical businessman will not use PGP
because it is user hostile, whereas Mosaic is not.   The
objective is to bring encryptation to the massess.
Obviously I would vastly prefer to see PGP integrated into
mosaic, I have considered doing this myself, but it is a
substantial job with legal hazards, and I am bone lazy and
vulnerable to court judgments
Quite so, as I have been reminded.  But regrettably it
seems likely that identity based money represents less of a
jump from the existing system, therefore is likely be
considerably more acceptable to the great unwashed masses. Crypto cash - money based on digital tokens - is rather
subtle for the masses.  Even I screw up.  How do you expect
the chairman of the board to comprehend it?
To successfully push crypto cash, we would need to make it
a lot more convenient.  Hint.  PGP is *not* convenient.
A utility that would make crypto cash acceptable, would
probably have to simulate account based money, and would
need a relational database built into it.
Microsoft visual basic, professional edition, allows one
to make products that employ and create a relational
database, and give those products away.  The database built
into the freely redistributable Visual Basic run time
modules supports SQL.

@_date: 1994-05-20 09:12:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Is crypto cash patented? 
We can now legally us freely redistributable RSA code, subject
to certain restrictions, inside and outside the US.
This was never a problem for users but it was big problem for
Mosaic will include PGP in the fall, providing a user
friendly interface to PGP.
One problem remains.  I seem to recall that token based crypto
cash has been patented.  Does anyone have any comments or
knowledge on the status of these patents and their relevance
to magic money.
If you are going to say magic money is illegal everywhere it
might be preferable to mail me directly rather than to state
it on the list.

@_date: 1994-05-21 22:28:21
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: *Here they come 
This is very far of topic, and I promise not to make any
further postings on this thread, but:
joshua geller writes
It is unreasonable to call Hitler a right wing Statist.  He was a socialist, and the radical left had very mixed feelings about him
and vigorously opposed US action against him,
until he made war on Stalin.
Franco and Pinochet can reasonably be called right wing statists
I would say there is a substantial difference between right wing
and left wing statists.  The right wingers, being conservative,
do not change things so drastically, and so are less inclined
to wreak havok than the left wing statists.
I would rather have king log than king stork any day.

@_date: 1994-05-25 10:28:00
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Factoring with a quantum computer (Citation) 
First:   Don't panic.
So far no usable quantum computer has been built.  It will
be a long time before one is.  Secondly a quantum computer
capable of factoring 1024 bit keys will require
polynomially high precision in its extremely tiny
components, whereas a classical computer will only require
order one precision, regardless of the number of bits. This
may well not be feasible until we are close to achieving
(That is polynomially high precision, which achievable.
Non polynomially high component precision is of course
impossible for problems large enough to be interesting)
Secondly: Yes, quantum computers will indeed be able to
solve in polynomial time many problems that require non
polynomial time for classical computers.  In plain English
that means that they can solve problem classes that
ordinary computers cannot solve.  Factoring is one of those
This result was established by  E. Bernstein and U.
Vazirani, and has recently been published as:  Quantum
Complexity Theory, Proc. 25th ACM Symp. on Theory of
Computation, pp.  11--20 (1993).
Barak Pearlmutter summarizes the current status as follows:
    The class of things a quantum computer can compute in
    polynomial time is called QRP.  The class of things a
    regular randomized computer can compute in polynomial time
    is called RP.  It is not known whether RP>P.  But, under
    the usual assumptions, we know RP < QRP <= P^
    It is not known whether QRP < NP.
    Factoring has not been shown to be in RP, nor has it been
    shown to be NP-complete.  (If factoring were shown to be
    NP-complete, then we would have NP=coNP, a big deal, and
    also NP <= QRP, an immense deal assuming that accuracy
    problems don't make them impossible to build.)
    So it might be that NP <= QRP.  Also plausible is RP < QRP < NP.
    In any case, the public key cryptosystems we thought were
    secure (RSA, discrete logs) has now had their viability
    brought into serious question.  Even if QRP<NP (which it
    might not be) it might be the case that any public key
    cryptosystem can be broken in QRP, since no public key
    cryptosystem has been exhibited for which the inverse
    problem is NP-complete.  (Some have been related to
    NP-complete problems, but with the reductino in the wrong
    direction, which proved fatal.)
I will shortly give a hand waving explanation of why it is
so, why a quantum computer is potentially capable of
solving problems that a classical computer cannot solve
within the lifetime of the universe.
I am not able to cite Shor's result, showing that factoring
is among the problems that a quantum computer can solve
efficiently, because he is not yet published.  I am
attempting to reconstruct his results from information that
people have given me about them, but so far I am making
fairly heavy weather of it.  He is applying the remarkable
result of Bernstein and Vazirani to a particular
interesting case.  So if you want to go an prove that his
method cannot possibly work, simply go and prove that the
methods of Bernstein and Vazirani, cannot possibly work.
The quantum magic part is in Bernstein and Vazirani's
work, not Shor's work.
(I can assure that they will work.)
Some of you folk may remember the great flame war on this
topic on the Extropians mailing list.  I mentioned this
result, without giving source or authority  (it had not
been published to my knowledge at that time), and Price
flamed me vigorously, calling me an idiot, an ignoramus, a
crackpot, and a fool, and so forth, and offered to bet 5000
British pounds, then about US$7500, on the matter.
$7500 bet!
I of course cheerfully accepted.  Alas I wanted the judging
to be done by somebody who had published on quantum
computing in a refereed journal, (like Bernstein) and I
wanted that person to hold the pot.  Michael reluctantly
agreed to having the bet judged by a qualified person but
he wanted the pot held by a bunch of people who are
involved in a business concerning which I have very grave
and serious suspicions.  I attempted my various means of
persuasion to get him to put up the pot. Alas, Michael was
not willing to let the pot for the bet go outside the
control of him or these dubious people. Eventually I
resorted to a vigorous attempt to shame him into putting up
the money.
My unkind comments concerning Michael and his pals
eventually resulted in me being expelled from the
Extropians list, for flaming Michael and defaming the Exi
But since Bernstein and Vazirani are now published, and no
further suckers seem willing to come forward and bet, I am
now going to give an vague hand waving explanation of their
A quantum event has many outcomes, all of them
happening at once.
Consider a quantum computer with 1024 bits of memory. (128
bytes, not 128 megabytes)  A classical computer can only be
in one state at a time.  A quantum computer can be, and
usually will be, 2^1024 states simultaneously.  That is
10^306 states, or about 1 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000
000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 states
Obviously a quantum computer can explore state space a lot
more efficiently than a classical computer can.  In fact a
classical computer simply cannot explore a space that big,
even if the computer were to fill then entire universe.
This however is not much use, because the probability of
observing it in the correct state is equally low.  The
clever trick of Bernstein Vazirani is to arrange for
constructive interference between  correct answers and
destructive interference between incorrect answers.  This
requires the quantum computer to retain quantum coherence.
It is evident that most of the people blowing off and
saying "Quantum computers are bullshit" do not understand
quantum coherence etc.  (At least Michael Price had some
faint grasp of quantum mechanics.)
Thus a quantum computer has vast potential for problems
that involve the combinatorial explosion.
Unfortunately, because the transformation is unitary, a
quantum computer cannot efficiently report back the one
correct result that it has discovered to the any one
particular reality
Although getting the information out of a quantum computer
is inherently inefficient, it is not always
nonpolynomially inefficient.
My judgment, for what it is worth, is that (for the vast
majority of problems that are not NP complete, but are NP
and are actually interesting, because they have an answer
that is true rather than an answer that is marginally
better than other answers) it will be reasonably easy to
find ways of persuading a quantum computer to disgorge the
necessary information that are only polynomially
inefficient.  These methods will be extremely general,
rather than domain specific, and algorithms will improve in
the direction of generality.
A quantum computer will always operate very rapidly, for
any algorithm that one would wish to program on a quantum
For many algorithms, the probability of it emitting the
right answer is rather low.  If the probability is non
polynomially low, then the algorithm is of course useless.
A number of algorithms have now been shown, including
factoring, where the probability is only polynomially low,
which is of course enormously better than non polynomially
The precision of the components of the quantum computer
must be proportional to the time taken by one shot of the
algorithm, since in order to get the information out of
the computer with a reasonably high probability, we require
the class of true answers to interfere constructively,
while the vastly larger class of incorrect answers
interferes destructively.  If the computer sits there for
too long, random thermal noise will destroy coherence, and
all the answers will interfere randomly, so the probability
of getting the right answer out (observing the computer in
the desired state) will be non polynomially low.
Similarly, if the quantum computer takes too many steps,
imperfections in its components will destroy quantum
When the coherence is lost, a quantum computer is
equivalent to a non deterministic computer.  When it
retains quantum coherence, it can surpass a non
deterministic computer by an exponentially large factor.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our     |
property, because of the kind of animals that we  |         James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from  |
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.      |        jamesd

@_date: 1994-05-28 14:27:03
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: The Assault on Unicorn has Begun 
I guess this will make it easy to uphold my anarchist
principles and refrain from suing people.
Lawsuits do not seem to work very well in cyberspace.
If somebody owes you money, and there is documentary
proof and court judgements that he owes you money,
and he is in one jurisdiction, and you are in another,
you are usually stuffed.  Courts of diverse jurisdictions
do not work well together.
I imagine that the situation with libel suits is considerably
more so.
Internet business will have to work on the basis of trust
and reputation.   No alternative.

@_date: 1994-05-29 00:36:20
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Quantum Computers 
Ken Kirksey writes
No readers digest version.  It is very heavy going, and
any simplified version is necessarily misleading.
The key articles are D. Deutsch, Quantum Theory, the Church--Turing
Principle and the Universal Quantum Computer, Proc. R. Soc. Lond.,
Vol. A400, pp. 96--117 (1985).
E. Bernstein and U. Vazirani, Quantum Complexity
Theory, Proc. 25th ACM Symp. on Theory of Computation, pp.  11--20
Set aside a long time for understanding them.  If your
quantum theory is weak, you will need to brush up on
quantum theory first.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our	 |
property, because of the kind of animals that we |         James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from |
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.     |         jamesd

@_date: 1994-05-31 12:58:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: New MacPGP2.3a has arrived. 
Perry E. Metzger writes
This little rant would sound better if it came from one of the
cypherpunks that had actually written some code on some machine
I recommend that Perry eat a pizza supreme with double cheese
and salami. I have only done a little, but I have not flamed those who do

@_date: 1994-06-06 07:36:43
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Help A Novice Understand 
MWayne writes
Sternlight is a big wheel in government.  What makes him a
big wheel is classified.  He is physically close to a major
NSA center.  He has been accused of being NSA, and has not
denied it.
He campaigns tirelessly, endlessly, and repetitiously
against PGP, and against crypto for the masses.
He will never admit to being wrong in argument, and will
just go on repeating claims that have been proven false.
His posts are well written and well informed, but
invariably false or misleading, and usually highly
He is an extraordinarily profligate poster, which makes me
suspect he has a several secretaries assisting him.
Detweiller is a moderate statist with middle of the road
political views.  Naturally he got severely flamed.  There
are a number of anarchists on this list who can never
disagree with or correct somebody without attacking that
persons honor, intelligence, and worth.
Detweiller posts endless and repetitious flames, much of it
severely deranged. Nobody talks to him any more, so he
largely talks to himself.  He floods newsgroups with
irrelevant and repetitious garbage.  Many of his postings
verge on mailbombing, they are such random garbage.  He
frequently posts under other names, but makes little effort
to conceal his real identity.

@_date: 1994-06-06 13:35:25
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Help A Novice Understand 
(That someone was me, folks.)
According to Tommy   David Sternlight is a member of the council on foreign
  relations (pg. 176 of the 1993 Annual Report of the CFR)
  The following Executive Branch officials are also   members of this organization:
  William J. Clinton, President
  Lloyd Cutler, Counsel to the President
  George Stephanopoulos, Senior Advisor
  David Gergen, Assistant to the President for Communications
  W. Anthony Lake, Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs
  Samuel R. Berger, Deputy Assistant to the President for National Security
  Adm. William Crowe, Jr., Chairman, Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board
  John H. Gibbons, Director, Office of Science and Technology Policy
  Gen. Gordon R. Sullivan, Chief of Staff, Army     \
  Gen. Merrill A. McPeak, Chief of Staff, Air Force  > Joint Chiefs of Staff
  Gen. Carl E. Mundy, Commandant, Marine Corps      /
  R. James Woolsey, Director of Central Intelligence
  Adm. William O. Studeman, Deputy Director of Central Intelligence
  Joseph S. Nye, Jr., Chairman, National Intelligence Council
  **Stephan Breyer, Current nominee to the Supreme Court
  **Alan Greenspan, Chairman of the Federal Reserve
(Paranoid commentary by Tommy edited out)
R. J. Harvey writes
Compared to your typical high government official, David
Sternlight is a genius.  Indeed if they were all as smart
as he is, I would be slightly worried - but only very
slightly.  :-)

@_date: 1994-06-07 23:12:16
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Cyberspace is by nature crime-free 
Matthew Gream writes
Can be limited to acceptable levels by normal precautions.
The owner ultimately has physical control, the cracker does
Not a crime.
Not a crime.
Not a crime.
There is plenty of fraud, but it can be controlled by
common sense and cryptographic precautions.  (Gasp - this
post is actually slightly relevant to the Cyberpunks list.)
Not a crime.  Neither of these are extraditable offenses.
Not a crime, except for fraud, discussed above.
There is plenty of contempt of court.  Courts are coming
to accept the reality that cyberspace is beyond their
power, hence not a crime.  Note that contempt of court has
never been an extraditable offense.
There is plenty of copyright infringement, but the old
concept of copyright does not fit well on the net, because
information is separated from its physical embodiment and
is endlessly mutable.
The concept of "copyright" has limited usefulness in
cyberspace.  We are returning to the older concepts of
"plagiarism" and "authenticity".  Notice how many people
were reluctant to accept PGP 2.6 until it was blessed by
If a law cannot be enforced, or cannot be enforced except
by grossly violating someone's rights, then it is no law.
But cyberspace does make new offenses possible. The two new offenses of cyberspace are spamming and spoofing.
Both of these seem to be controlled at acceptable levels.
Spamming is controlled by vengeance campaigns of the
silicon cowboys and the cyber vigilantes.   The green card
lawyers were run off the net. The Armenian genocide guy is
almost within net custom, he pushes the edge but does not
obviously exceed it.
Serious spoofing seems rare.  In every spoofing that I have
seen the spoofer has made his true identity fairly obvious,
which is why we call it spoofing, not impersonation.  If
anyone is in real danger of malicious spoofing - for
example David Sternlight - then he should PGP sign all his
messages, thus eliminating the problem.

@_date: 1994-06-08 08:55:54
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Cyberspace is by nature crime-free 
Matthew Gream writes
Witchcraft is also illegal in Australia.  When was the last prosecution for sedition?
During the many decades I lived in Australia there was never
a prosecution for sedition, and there was plenty of sedition.
Has the place turned totalitarian since I left?

@_date: 1994-06-08 09:15:39
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Australia 
rishab writes
False:  The RSADSI license does not prohibit copyright.
The one of the notes distributed with PGP 2.6 comments
that export violates US ITAR laws.

@_date: 1994-06-08 09:43:52
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Australia 
Oops.  Garbled message.  What I meant to say was of course
rishab writes
False:  The RSADSI license does not prohibit exportt.
One of the notes distributed with PGP 2.6 comments
that export violates US ITAR laws.

@_date: 1994-06-08 09:52:06
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 1 of 3 
rishab writes
Rwanda was and is a police state.  If the revolutionaries win, as
seems likely, it will become a more law abiding police state.

@_date: 1994-06-10 07:25:09
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Crime and punishment in cyberspace - 3 of 3 
Edward Hirsch writes
Not so: In some matters it is a very easy to make.
While I am very interested in this topic, we have drifted away from
direct relevance to the cypherpunks mailing list.
My WWW page is primarily about this and related matters.  I urge those
interested in this topic to access
For example if you have a text interface to the internet o
you could type
lynx ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jamesd/index.html
If you have a graphical interface to the internet you could type
mosaic ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/jamesd/index.html
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our    |
property, because of the kind of animals that we |         James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from |
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.     |         jamesd

@_date: 1994-06-24 14:50:11
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: RSA Key Size & QP 
catalyst-remailer writes
The limit will not be cost per cycle, but the problem of maintaining
quantum coherence over a large area for a long time.
My guess would be that some time in the next thirty odd years
we will see quantum computers that can maintain quantum coherence
over a few hundred bits of memory for a few hundred CPU cycles.
This will make possible many useful and interesting tasks that
classical computers cannot do, but I doubt that cracking thousand
bit keys will be one of those tasks.
If cracking big keys using quantum computers does become feasible
in the near future, we will have several years of advance warning,
during which we will switch to some alternative, less convenient
cryptography system.

@_date: 1994-07-14 22:44:14
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Key length security (calculations!) 
Timothy C. May writes
Those who have studied the matter generally believe that factoring
is NP, but is not NP complete.
Factoring cannot be "even harder than NP" since a simple minded
brute force attack is 2^(n/2), which is only NP
As Timothy May points out, if factoring is NP, then modest increases
in key length can easily defeat enormous improvements in factoring.
In the highly unlikely event that P = NP then we have also solved, as
an almost trivial special case, the problems of true artificial
intelligence, artificial consciousness, and artificial perception,
and the failure of one particular form of crypto will not be noticed
in the midst of such radical changes.

@_date: 1994-07-15 23:00:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Key length security (calculations!) 
Ray writes
It has not been proved to be NP.  But all known methods are NP.  If
P=NP then these methods could be executed in polynomial time.
If there is nothing strange about the brain, then either AI is not
NP, or P=NP
We are wandering rather far from cryptography, so I will refrain
from discussing the description of the perception problem in
terms of a special case of a problem whose general case is NP

@_date: 1994-07-20 17:49:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Timothy C. May writes
Existing physical theories show that Super Turing machines are possible
in principle though very difficult to build in practice.
Such machines will probably not be able to solve NP complete
problems though they will be able to solve some NP problems
such as factoring.
Since such machines do not operate algorithmically, they have
no relevance to the question of whether P=NP, because this
question is a question about *algorithms*.

@_date: 1994-07-20 20:55:29
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Response to Duncan 
Duncan Frissell writes
Very true.  Duncan knows of what he speaks.
And another two good ones are:
"You have no probable cause to believe that a crime has been committed. I
wish to leave now!"
"This is unnecessary force!"

@_date: 1994-07-20 21:13:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: *comeon 
Connie was being silly and bitchy.
If Bezerk had launched an attack on women she would have
been entitled to be offended, and could have answered him
instead of demanding that he be silent.
He did not attack women.
He said that he enjoyed the films representation of woman
as dumb incompetent sex bimbos.
Connie was offended that he should enjoy such a thing.
Tough shit Connie.  Lots of people enjoy stuff I don't like either.
You could complain that the film is false - but then you would look
like an even bigger idiot because the film makes not the slightest
pretence of being realistic.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we              James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.                jamesd

@_date: 1994-07-21 20:28:02
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Mike McNally writes
I was referring to the proposed quantum computers.
I recommend that you read the following paper.
E. Bernstein and U. Vazirani, {\it Quantum Complexity
Theory}, Proc. 25th ACM Symp. on Theory of Computation, pp.  11--20

@_date: 1994-07-21 20:33:00
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
Robert Hettinga writes
All existing substitutes are either insecure (credit cards) or involve
excessive labor and transaction costs.
Electronic transactions will take off like a rocket once they *undercut* existing methods.
As yet, our mail encryption interface is still bad.  Convenient
crypto cash must come after convenient crypto mail.

@_date: 1994-07-22 21:57:43
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Ray writes
Suppose we have a spatial transform performed by light flowing
through a grid.  Is that an algorithm?   Perhaps it is, but I
am about to describe a case that will stretch your definition
of algorithm rather more drastically.
Suppose our quantum system has thirty two bytes.
Then a classical simulation of our quantum system would require
2^257 words of memory
The computer would require more matter than exists in the universe.
Each step of the simulation would require 2^514 steps by the computer,
which even for a computer constructed of very tiny components out
of all the matter in the universe would still require vastly longer
than the entire lifetime of the univers.
It does not sound like a very useful algorithm, nor is it one
that is easy to describe.
The difference is like the difference in my example of light
flowing through a grid, as against a fourier transform etc,
but the difference is enormously greater.
You say it makes no difference by definition.  I say such
definitions are misleading when we discuss how problems are
to be solved.

@_date: 1994-07-23 17:27:45
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
This does not appear to be a very useful concept of what
an algorithm is.
How about any process where the state and the change
between one state and another state can be described
tolerably simply in some language that is not explicitly
algorithmic, but which is enormously difficult, complex,
and expensive to describe in explicitly algorithmic
language, for example water pouring through a channel?

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:10:46
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Mike McNally writes
I said what I meant.
An algorithm is a method of solving problems.  Not everything in
the universe is an algorithm or equivalent to an algorithm.
Suppose we have a quantum computer that solves some NP (incomplete)
problem in polynomial time with order one probability..
A numerical simulation of that computer very likely involves evaluating every possible solution of that NP problem as
one of a great many steps, thus to describe that numerical
simulation as an algorithm for solving the problem is
meaningless or obfuscatory.  The simulation is equivalent the mindless brute force algorithm for solving the problem, plus an enormous amount of garbage.  The quantum computer is not equivalent to the mindless brute
force algorithm for solving the problem.

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:09:06
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Mike McNally writes
The new operator is a unitary transformation on a single bit.
Note that I am using the word "unitary" in the sense of
quantum physics, not in the sense of C language syntax
(That is unitary, not unary)
Actually this a three dimensional continuous class of
transformations.  Because it is continuous, quantum
computers tend to rapidly lose precision.
Just as any classical physical system can be simulated in
polynomial time by a Turing machine using only the operations
of boolian arithmetic, in the same way any quantum physical
system can be simulated in polynomial time using only the
operations of boolian arithmetic plus unitary transformations
on individual bits.
Of course actually building a quantum computer using only these
operations would be rather silly.  In practice one would need
to use unitary three bit operations for reasons of efficiency.

@_date: 1994-07-25 19:53:11
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Mike McNally writes
Obviously one could choose to call these algorithms if one wished,
but such a name, if adopted, will obfuscate the fact that such things have very different properties, capabilities, and
limitations to conventional algorithms.
In particular the results of conventional complexity theory
obviously are largely irrelevant to quantum complexity theory,
which is why I made my original statement that the development
of quantum computers with capabilities that are impossible
for conventional computers cannot falsify existing complexity
theory and existing complexity theory cannot "disprove"
the alleged capabilities of quantum computers.
Very likely the name will be adopted but with a qualifier
"quantum algorithm".  In the event that quantum computers
become common (which I do not expect to happen for thirty
years or so)  I expect the phrase "quantum algorithm" will
be replaced by something shorter, so that we have one
word for algorithms, and another word for quantum algorithms.
We have wandered seriously off topic, and I will make
future replies in private email.

@_date: 1994-07-27 15:57:27
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and NP 
Ray Cromwell writes
This is flagrantly false.  A frog can be simulated, give infinite
time and infinite tape size, but a frog is not an algorithm.

@_date: 1994-07-27 16:06:19
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: GUT and NP 
Ray Cromwell writes
 >   And regardless of whether quantum computers work or not, they are
 > still algorithmic if they can be simulated (however slowly) by
 > a turing machine. It's a rigorous mathematical definition.
I think this is a misquote of the definition.
If a turing machine can *perform* it, then it is an algorithm.
Since a turing machine certainly cannot perform quantum
"algorithms", then by definition they are not algorithms.

@_date: 1994-07-30 08:27:27
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies (fwd) 
The correct and sensible thing for Microsoft to do is to put
hooks in their OS whereby a convenient interface can be provided
to any encryption system.
They may well do this, and (truthfully) tell the US they are providing infrastructure for key escrow and (truthfully) tell
cypherpunks they are providing infrastructure for crypto anarchy.
and (truthfully) tell shareholders that they are preparing
their operating system for a world of world wide networks.
This would be the archetypical Bill Gates maneuver.
So before screaming at them, let us see what they are doing.

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:55:44
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
Mike Duvos writes
Much though it pains me to acknowledge that Perry is ever right
about anything:
If I find that the children of fundamentalists are being "cured"
I will move my ammo stash from my garage to hole in the hills,
and take my gold out of the safety deposit box, and add booby
traps to my alarm system.
It is completely impossible for a private person to insulate
his children from opposing views.  Only the state has that
kind of power.
Unlike Mike, I have actually raised children.  Once every
few months I make them sit still for about thirty seconds
and utter a few Words of Profound Wisdom in their general
Surprisingly this has proved startlingly effective.  The
infrequent comments from their father have proved vastly
more influential than the steady propaganda they receive
from their compulsory government miseducation.  By who?
I gather you do not entirely trust parents to perform this
important social activity.
Who is more likely to care about the welfare of a kid?
A fundamentalist who happens to be the kids father, or bureaucrat in charge of child welfare?

@_date: 1994-07-31 14:05:18
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
Mike Duvos writes
I will decide what movies my kids see thank you very much.
I took Jim to see his little brother being born, and I
took them both to see "Total Recall"
Are you going to call the cops and charge me with child abuse?
My children are doing just fine.  Screw you!

@_date: 1994-07-31 19:27:37
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
Mike Duvos writes
Yep.  They thought that was really great.
At the age of three Jim figured out that death was permanent and
extremely serious. Because we do not like having someone elses limits imposed on us at gunpoint.
Lets make a deal.  I will let you deprive your kids of information
concerning sex, death, reproduction, and violent injury etc, provided
you let fundamentalists deprive their kids of information concerning
your religious views.
Fair deal?

@_date: 1994-08-02 21:30:04
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
Lately there has been much tedious back and forth concerning
child abuse.
This has very little to do with cryptography.
It has however something to do with privacy.  Should they
government meddle in peoples homes and make sure they
are bringing up children in the proper government approved Regarding child abuse and Koresh:  The government was fishing
for stuff to get him on.  The Davidians were charged, came
to court, and were aquitted.  The infamous warrant that
led to the Davidian children being crispy fried concerned
guns, not child abuse.
If we look at famous child abuse cases in California they
are mostly cases of gross abuse by government.
Do children get abused:  Yep, almost always by step
parents, as in the wicked stepmother.
We are unsurprised when someone murders a rival.  We
take for granted that two women under one roof will
lead to grave trouble.
Yet a stepchild is a more formidable rival for a spouses
attentions than any lover could be.
In fact, step parents are more strongly motivated to murder
step children than they are to murder their wife or husbands
other lovers.
For this reason the evil step parent has for centuries been
a stock character to make the plot move along.  Until recently
anybody who read a book would take for granted that step parents were a hazard to life and limb.
And when I talk to a kid who is hanging out a long way from
home, a common reason is to avoid being alone with a step
parent.   Step parents are still a hazard to life and limb.
Yet in todays literature and TV shows and movies, it is
generally assumed that step parents and step children
will get along tolerably well.
For a reason that is very unclear to me, this obvious
fact is being systematicly denied in Western culture
generally, and in American culture in particular.
To support this fiction, it appears to me that "Child
Protective Services" agencies make a deliberate effort
to go after natural parents.  It appears to me that
they are trying to make some kind of quota so as
to create the appearance that child abuse is not
biologically driven problem.
Similarly, when a natural parent abuses their child,
this receives vastly more media attention than step
parent abuse, in a disproportion similar to the
extreme disproportion given to incidents of white
racial violence against blacks as compared to black
racial violence against whites.
Yep.  Its a conspiracy.  But what is the point of such
a conspiracy?

@_date: 1994-08-04 14:46:54
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: USPS digital signature annoucement 
Translation:  We never got into bed with the NSA, because
steaming letters open was too much like hard work, so
give us a job please.
A most excellent argument.

@_date: 1994-08-14 12:52:03
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Jim Dixon writes
You made a claim concerning our judicial and legal system,
a claim so far out of contact with reality that nobody can be bothered
to refute you.
Any judge who thought of the law the way you think of it is going
to be doing traffic cases, beggars, and prostitutes for the rest
of his life, assuming he is going to remain a judge.
Indeed even to become a lawyer one of the requirements is that you
can cite certain infamous judicial interpretations with a straight
(None of the above statements should be read as implying that
Perry has ever been right about anything.) :-)

@_date: 1994-08-15 11:20:20
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Perry was expressing, in his usual intemperate fashion, the
legal philosophy known as "legal realism".  Despite the name
legal realism is quite different from the philosophies of
moderate realism or extreme realism.  It is in fact a form
of nominalism.
Today, any judge who is not a legal realist can look forward
to a career of dealing with drunks in the night court at Happy now?

@_date: 1994-08-18 15:29:53
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Are "they" really the enemy? 
Jim Dixon writes
We can certainly drastically weaken and seriously impair
and obstruct government without replacing it.
And after it has been made weak, impaired, and disrupted,
then we should give further study as to whether it can
be entirely suppressed without being suppressed by
a worse government.

@_date: 1994-08-21 10:45:23
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Hal writes
Obviously anonymous E Cash can be duplicated with alarming ease.  Physical cash is also becoming easier to duplicate.
Is identity based cash so bad?
The existing grey capitalist system works primarily on foriegn check accounts.  If Joe writes a check in dollars on his Swiss
bank account, sends it by snail mail in a sealed envelope to
Peter, who places it in his BNZ account under his Hong Kong
identity, they are both fairly secure.  Although the transaction
is fully traceable, it is unlikely to be traced without the consent of one of the participants.
Suppose each E Cash certificate grows by adding identifying material
in each transaction that makes it possible, with the consent of each participant in the chain, to trace it backwards.  Or suppose
each participant maintains a database that makes such tracing possible
and proveable.
Then double spending on amounts of moderate size would
be very rare, so rare we would not have to worry in normal
transactions.  In big transactions you have similar problems
with physical cash - there is always the worry that the guards
may defect, or whatever.   That is why big transactions are
almost always identity based..

@_date: 1994-08-21 10:58:47
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Jason W Solinsky writes
You could set up a "government" to make shoes.   If they do not use
guns they are not a government.  If somebody does not make shoes
he is not a shoemaker.  Governments are in the business of violence. And if I wish to conduct business in a shopping mall, either as customer
or shopkeeper, I have to abide by the mall rules.  This does not
make the mall a government.

@_date: 1994-08-21 20:49:41
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Jason W Solinsky writes
Because if you fail to obey the mall rules you will get thrown out.
(Possibly by men with guns.)
If you fail to obey the government rules men with guns will come
and kill you, imprison you, or take away your property at gunpoint.
That is why the shopping mall is not a government and that is
why your "cyberspace governments" are not governments, they
are private escrow agencies.
We do not call malls governments and we do not call private
escrow agencies governments.  So we should not call your
"cyberspace governments" governments.
It is not rules and enforcement that make a government a
government - every organization, every group of people, have
rules and enforcement, usually informal, sometimes formal.
It is killing, violence, and extortion that make government
organizations different from non government organizations.

@_date: 1994-08-23 11:31:25
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Jason W Solinsky writes
Obviously most people do not call MIT a government.
And if MIT built some prison cells under the Admin building and started
locking people up in the dungeons for long periods, then people would
call MIT a government.
Seems pretty simple to me.

@_date: 1994-08-24 11:55:55
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Surveying consumer demand for the info highway 
James Hightower writes
High Tech industry has considerable experience with surveys of
consumers for nonexistent products.
Such surveys are useless at best, and dangerous at worst.
The survey invariably shows one of two things:
1.  Whatever the Science fiction writer who rigged the
questions wishes it to show.
2.  The consumer wants what he has already and does not
want anything different.
Back in the dim early days of computing they took a survey
to have consumers (secretaries) design a word processor.  Numerous marketing experts took part in this study.
They concluded that consumers wanted a word processor that
worked just like a typewriter, and the UI specs were
drawn up accordingly.

@_date: 1994-08-26 09:46:17
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Fast modular exponentiation 
Mark C. Henderson writes
So where do we find this survey paper?

@_date: 1994-08-26 10:26:17
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Offline cash vs online cash. 
Anonymous writes
So implement it right - the fact that a poorly programmed
bank computer might credit someone with a million dollars
does not prevent banks from using computers.
Return suspect coins to vendor and ask for new coins.
Vendor will detect most of the already spent coins.  If some coins are double spent they will eventually show up as double spent by the person who had the system crash, who will
simply make them good.
Actually we do not, because the recipient will detect the coins
are non unique, assuming the protocol is implemented correctly,
and will treat the duplicated message as a single message.
Indeed since coin transport will probably be by datagrams
duplicated and lost coins will happen continuously, and
will be automatically fixed by the protocol.
That is what debugging and beta testing is for.
If you make good on the accident, no problem.  It is only
a problem if the accident causes substantial money
transfer, which can be prevented by adequate protocols.
It is possible to construct the protocols so that any
"accident" resulting in substantial money transfer must
be old fashioned fraud or robbery.  If someone breaks
into your computer, that is no more an argument against
offline digicash than if someone breaks into your safe.
If Joe million spends one of Janes coins he must interact
with a million separate vendors in a rather short time.
This will inevitably make waves.  Offline digicash is
not so much anonymous as offering controlled nomity.
Again I point out that the existing grey capitalist system involving foreign bank accounts in the names
of bermuda and Hong Kong companies, is quite adequately
anonymous even though checks are purely identity based
Offline digital cash cannot be "real" digital cash, whatever
that is.  It has to be identity based cash with controlled
limits on identification.  It will resemble those Bermuda
check accounts with Visa debit cards more than it resembles
cash in your pocket.

@_date: 1994-08-26 11:01:46
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
Timothy C. May writes
Correctly implemented, with offline cash that grows in each transaction
until cleared online, this should reveal Alice's identity, not Bob's
If we fear double spending we insist on the spender presenting an expensive identity, an identity that would be tedious or costly
to replace.  The larger the amount, the stronger our concerns
of identity.  But the identity is known only to the parties to
the transaction.  (Who may be different tentacles of the same
biological person.)
The tentacle trick is what makes the existing identity based
checks on Bermudan and Hong Kong banks effectively anonymous.
If we do not like the identity, we ask for online clearance.
Quite so.  And with a smooth interface between the truly anonymous
online cash and the controlled nomity offline cash - an interface
sufficiently smooth that the spender rarely notices which his
software is using, we can have the best of both worlds.
It is all in the software interface, something notoriously lacking
from existing implementations.
Exactly so.  Like the use of slugs in vending machines.
No, but for offline cash proof of an identity that would be
expensive or tedious to replace is needed.
Exactly so.  We need varied kinds of digicash, for varied situations,
and a smooth interface between them.
Exactly so:
Keep going, you mentioned, rather than explained, the problem of local
and extended clearing.
It seems to me, that rather than the one true protocol, we need a
collection of standardized protocol tools and anybody and his dog
can issue his own protocol for his own purpose, and the other
guys computer can understand it and can give its master a list
of options of what how the deal can go sour and who to finger if the deal goes sour in a particular way -- tell its master who the the master is trusting to pay and when.

@_date: 1994-08-29 10:42:08
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: pgp fanaticism 
Thus spake Thoth: Grey and black capitalism is already a major component of
international cash flows.
Once adequate user friendly software is available, the internet
will accellerate this already existing trend.
A fifty percent taxation rate (income plus sales plus this and that)
maximizes the states return in the short run, but is unsustainable
in the long run.
Crypto anarchy is merely the application of modern tools to assist covert capitalism.

@_date: 1994-08-30 10:25:36
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Paul J. Ste. Marie writes
This must be deliberate misinformation.  It is relatively easy to
make two explosive lenses that are exactly alike.  It is extremely
difficult to make two explosive lenses that differ by a precisely
known and constant amount.
The security in a nuclear weapon could certainly be defeated by
physically ripping out any encryption electronics and replacing
them with electronics with known and simple behavior.

@_date: 1994-08-31 10:56:34
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Bad govt represents bad people? 
Steve Witham writes
Actually several solutions were discovered long ago.  After Athenian democracy
self destructed, the various warring parties found that they could only
have peace if they disowned omnipotent government.  They put together a peace agreement that in part proclaimed limits to government,  in part
acknowledged inherent limits to what was proper for governments to do
and in part guaranteed that the government would not go beyond what it was proper for government to do, that the majority could not do as it pleased with the minority, that not any act of power was a law, that law was not merely whatever the government willed.
They did not agree on a constitution but agreed to respect an
unwritten constitution that already existed in some sense.
A similar arrangement underlies the American constitution (now defunct)
and the English declaration of right (also defunct)
The problem with such formal peace agreements is that they can only be put together after government has substantially collapsed.  Some
of us wish to try other possibilities in the event of collapse.
The American constitution collapsed because of the rise of nominalist
theories "The constitution says whatever the courts say that it
If they needed a constitutional amendment to ban alcohol, why did
they suddenly decide that they did not need a constitutional amendment
to ban cocaine and tommy guns?
Despite frequent violations, the American Constitution was substantially
observed for 150 years, and only was massively violated with the rise of nominalism.
Rand's theory of concepts seems like hokum to me, but her argument that philosophy matters is absolutely true.
Rights and sound philosophy are like condoms.  The usual cause
of condom failure is that you did not actually wear the condom
when you should have.

@_date: 1994-08-31 14:04:19
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Bad govt represents bad people? 
joshua geller writes
The guys that I praised were the same bunch as executed
Now you may well say that that shows that the new arrangement
was seriously imperfect.  But remember that Critias,
Socrates disciple, had led the thirty.  When they
said that Socrates ideas had undermined society they were
not talking about falling church attendance and teenagers
screwing in the back seats.  They were talking about
the reign of terror, civil war, the massive destruction
of property, and large scale massacres.
Indeed it was clearly a violation of the "The ancient
laws and customs of Athens" to execute Socrates, but
after the peace agreement such violations were rare,
whereas before the peace agreement massive violations
had become routine and normal, eventually reaching such
a scale that democracy became irrelevant before it
actually fell.
Of course bad philosophy should be fought with good
philosophy, not by executing bad philosophers.  I
hope, and confidently expect, that after democracy
collapses in the west we will remember that.

@_date: 1994-08-31 14:16:49
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Government and Repression 
L. Todd Masco writes
To put this proper perspective you should remember that the
US has the most pleasant prisons in the world.
In most of the world, indiscipline and bad behavior in the
prison will get you beaten, unofficially in Australia, officially
in Japan.  (Yes, *corporal punishment*, gasp, oh the horror).
In much of Africa they do not feed prisoners.  If your relatives
know where you are and care about you they feed you.  If they
do not, you starve.
The reason for this strange generosity is creative lawyering with the "cruel and unusual punishment provisions"  Remember that every time the prison authorities lose a "cruel and unusual punishment" case, their budget automatically increases.  Needless to say they have been industriously losing ever more absurd "cruel and unusual punishment" cases.

@_date: 1994-08-31 17:38:49
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Force is not physical 
Hal writes
Surely contracts binding by honor only are better than contracts
binding by force.
Honor has been predominantly used, rather than force.
For example I have about $60 000 in unsecured credit.  If
I blew all that and told the banks to piss off, there is
nothing they can do, other than burn my credit rating.
And the US government (unfairly and unjustly) prevents
them from burning my credit rating permanently.
The legal system in the US has effectively collapsed.  It is cheaper
to use honor, than force.  In cyberspace the cost advantage
of honor is even greater.
I expect that in the future, fifty to a hundred years, we
will see a freeman class, literate and numerate, whose
contracts are based entirely upon honor, and an illiterate
servile class whose contracts are based primarily upon
force: "If you do not pay back this loan with accumulated
compound interest we will break your arms and legs, as
you agreed."
"Duh, whats compound interest?"
"Or alternatively you could work for me for food
and board until the debt is, Heh, heh, (evil laugh)
paid off."

@_date: 1994-08-31 21:01:31
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Government and Repression 
Rachel_P._Kovner writes
There is no corporal punishment for crimes, but if you are
a prisoner and you misbehave, you will get wacked, just as
you will in most places.  In Japan they do not seem terribly
embarrassed about this.  I saw this on TV.  A bunch of prisoners
sitting perfectly still for a long period, and a guard with a cane
who wacked anyone who moved.  He did not wack them very hard.
It looked perfectly civilized to me, and I recommend the practice
to US prisons.
How can you maintain discipline in a prison otherwise?
Answer:  In US prisons there is no discipline.  Prisoners learn
to be aggressive, rude, and obnoxious to the guards and to each
other.  Good training to render them unemployable when they

@_date: 1994-09-01 14:15:13
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Is the following digicash protocol possible? 
A question about offline digicash:
Is it possible to arrange digicash as follows:
If A, the original issuer, issues a unit of digicash to to B, and B gives it to C, and C gives it to D, and D,
gives it to E, and E cashes it with A,  --  and
everyone colludes except C and D, it is impossible
to prove that C got this unit from D.
If A, the original issuer, issus a unit of digicash to to B, and B gives it to C, and C gives it to D, and D,
gives it to E, and E cashes it with A,  --  and
C double spends it to D', who then gives it to E'
who then attempts to cash it with A, -- then A
will detect the double spending and rebuff the attempt,
E' will complain to D', and D', with information
supplied by E' and A, can then prove that C dishonorably double spent the money, without discovering that C gave the money to D, and hence without discovering that D gave the money to E.

@_date: 1994-09-02 12:22:01
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: State Declaration of Ind. 
Roy M. Silvernail writes
Habit, inertia, and indoctrination.  Same as held the Soviet
Union together for 25 years after belief faded.

@_date: 1994-09-02 16:59:29
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: State Declaration of Ind. 
Roy M. Silvernail writes
Jim choate writes
Beliefs held by most of the citizens, but no longer taken seriously
by the government.

@_date: 1994-09-03 15:31:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Hal writes
Obviously none of these questions are answerable:  So what?
If you are arguing that intangibles do not exist, and therefore
cannot affect real things, then this is obviously false.
No it should not be "clarified and examined" or you will wind up with the supreme court declaring that such and such an act should
dock your reputation thirty points, and that it is cruel and unusual
punishment for people to have their reputations docked for acts
committed more than seven years ago.
We already know what reputations are.  "Defining" them is going
to make them into meaningless nominalist hot air.
Not that similar, which is why they did not call it reputation.
Since a reputation is not a digital signature or token this is not
a sensible question.  A reputation belongs to a person identified
by signature or token.
That is why corporations like to have one logo on all their products.
Life's a bitch, and then you die.
If your on line personality is selling something, it would seem highly
desirable to have dossiers built up about it.

@_date: 1994-09-03 23:51:49
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: "Reputations" are more than just nominalist hot air 
Timothy C. May writes
Hal wished to have answers to certain questions about reputations.
The questions he was asking have no answers.
If one provided answers to such questions, the thing that one is
calling a reputation would not be a reputation, it would be something
more formal, and more subject to centralized control.
Were such a definition generally accepted, this would have consequences
radically different to those that we desire.
I really do not want to digress onto the issue of nominalism and
legal positivism, which is seriously off topic, but a similar approach on other matters has led to the catastrophic collapse
of societies in the past, and I would claim that it is having
something of that effect in the present.
It is legitimate and desirable to ask such questions about
credentials.  To ask them about reputations is harmful and
You may ask:  How can a mere question be dangerous?
Answer:  Because some questions imply false definitions, and false definitions are dangerous.
To take an extreme example, consider the labor theory of value.
The labor theory of value defines what capitalists do (organize labor
so as to maximize value and minimize labor) as non existent.  It therfore
leads to the false conclusion that capitalists can be forcibly eliminated
without their functions being taken over by a totalitarian nomenclatura,
because the definition defines capitalists to have no function.
A nominalist definition of reputation, which was what Hal's questions
would necessarily lead to, would lead to analogous conclusions --
the need for a formal system of credentialing in cyberspace -- to
serve *in the place of* real reputations..
If such a system was to serve the function that reputations now serve
in the real world, it would lead to consequences very different from
those intended or desired by Hal.

@_date: 1994-09-04 11:24:38
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--response 
Hal writes
Hal writes
No no:
What is floating around are proposals for the structured
handling of the *information* on which reputations are
based, not proposals for the structured handling of
Digital credentials, not digital reputations.
Structured handling of *reputations* would be catastrophic.
If you *define* reputations to be something formal and
explicit, and say that the system will work because people
guard their reputations, then reputations become something
that can be most efficiently granted and withdrawn by some
centralized authority.
And then, as with fiat currency, the value of those
"reputations" would in the end need to be backed by force
in order to make the system work.
I am complaining about dangerous carelessness in your use
and definition of words.  Your use of the word reputation
is as fraught with frightful consequences as Marx's use
of the word "value".
Reputation based systems work for freedom, and coercion
based systems work for centralized government, for obvious
reasons that all of us agree upon.
*Define* reputations to be something other than
reputations, and you are kicking the crucial foundation out
from under freedom.
You are defining the foundation of freedom away, in a way
precisely analogous to the way Marx defined the basis of
capitalism away, though he did it maliciously and
knowingly, and you are doing it accidentally.
True.  But signed endorsements are *not* a reputation.
This is an illustration of the danger of redefining
"reputation" as you appear to be doing.
Obviously a blind signed credential transferable between
digital pseudonyms would have no value to support a
reputation, but by abandoning the correct usage of the
word "reputation" you have obscured that fact from
But what would have value was a credential whereby some
authority signed *one* private key that you possessed at a
certain time, without knowing either the private key or the
public keys associated with that private key.
But if you used that key to support multiple identities,
you would then be stuffed because it would then create a link
between Joe Robertson, software benchmarker, and Mike
Hardcase, purveyor of underage Ceylonese virgins.  Worse,
it might create a link between Mike Hardcase and Joe
Whatsyourpleasure, purveyor of Filipina whores, thereby
substantially reducing the value of the Ceylonese virgins
purveyed by Mike Hardcase, even though both Mike Hardcase
and Joe Whatsyourpleasure both had excellent reputations
until their reputations became linked.
Exactly so:  And Chaum talked of digital credentials, and
the reputations of digital credentials.  He *did not* talk
about digital reputations.
Use the word *credentials*, not the word *reputations*. If we were to start using the word *reputations* in the
way that you have been using it, we will make errors with
vastly more serious consequences that the errors that you
have made.

@_date: 1994-09-04 11:37:45
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: "Reputations" are more than just nominalist hot air 
Timothy C. May writes
When somebody wants to "clarify and examine" a concept
that is already well understood, this usually means that
he wants to change the meaning of that concept.
Where the concept is something fundamental to existing
social structures, the result can be utterly ruinous
(for example Socrates).
In Hal's case he wants to "clarify and examine" something
that is crucial to the future that we all want to achieve.
It is clear from some of the things he said that his "clarified"
meaning is in fact substantially different from the correct meaning.
For example he asks a number of questions that are not meaningful
or answerable if "reputation" means reputation, but are meaningful
if "reputation" means credentials.

@_date: 1994-09-04 11:52:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: \"Reputations\" are more than just nominalist hot air 
John Young writes
Hal seems to be asking questions which implicitly define
a reputation to be some kind of credential.
This is like *defining* money as fiat money, as governments
are prone to do, or *defining* the value of a good to be its
labor content, as Marx did.
If you assume that the two are the same, then the two will
cease to be the same, the system will screw up, and you will need coercion (legal tender laws) to make fiat money work
as if it was actual money, and to make credentials act as if they were actual reputations.

@_date: 1994-09-04 22:56:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Alt.Gvmt.Immorality 
Stephen D. Williams writes
Alas, due to the fact that no one else is willing to pay for philosophy, nearly all philosophy is government sponsored.
Unsurprisingly, nearly all government sponsored philosophy logically leads to the conclusion that to avoid killing each other, we need to be thoroughly governed, and that any restraints on the power of government are foolish or
wicked and selfish.

@_date: 1994-09-04 23:17:17
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Problems with anonymous escrow 2--responsey 
John Young writes
If we assume that reputations are themselves some kind of credentials, rather than assuming that credentials provide information on which people infer reputations, then we will wind up proposing credentials that will work like motor car licenses -- credentials that will not by themselves achieve the desired effect, and will therefore need to be supported by coercion.
The objective is to go to a system where good conduct is
enforced by the non material and unquantifiable value of
reputations, rather than a system where good
conduct is enforced by coercion.  Adopting a nominalist
meaning for the word "reputation" would frustrate this objective,
since nominalist "reputations" cannot enforce good conduct.
I am not arguing for increased rigor in the use of the word
"reputation".  Indeed I am protesting and opposing inappropriate
and misleading rigor.
Credentials are not reputations.  Any attempt to make reputations
more precise, objective, and knowable, will turn them into credentials, which are incapable of achieving the desired The "frightful consequence" is simply that.   A world in which
cyberspace business functions only by the fiat of government,
which is of course not at all what Hal wishes to achieve.

@_date: 1994-09-04 23:43:26
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: "Reputations" are more than just nominalist hot air 
Stephen D. Williams writes
The problem is that Hal wants a definition of "Reputation" that is more objective, concrete, controllable measurable and well defined, whereupon I went ballistic because reputations do not have the properties that he thinks a good definition of reputation should have.
Thus reputations, defined to have the nice properties that Hal
would like them to have, would lack the crucial property of
enforcing good conduct.
Since we want "reputations" to serve in place of state violence,
rather than serving in place of drivers licenses,  I argued
that the kind of definition that Hal was seeking would be
catastrophically counter productive.
We should propose credentialing systems, rather than define
Of course what Hal really wanted to do was discuss credentialing
systems, rather than get involved in a discussion of nominalism
and realism etc.
My objection was that by calling credentialling systems "reputations"
he was obfuscating the crucial part of the process whereby credentials
obtain value.   This is an error akin to that of "the labor theory
of value", and would lead to the same disastrous error that the
labor theory of value leads to:  We would end up proposing "non
coercive" systems that would in reality require a great deal of coercion in order to work.
By calling a credential a reputation, we imply that it automatically
has value.  Of course it does not.

@_date: 1994-09-05 17:31:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Reputations/Credentials 
Conrad Walton writes
Recently some tenants appeared to have a fictitious history.  My
wife ridiculed my suspicions - after all they have real social security
numbers -- they cannot cheat.
Needless to say, their history was fictitious, and I have no idea
how they managed it.  Perhaps Duncan can elucidate.
So yes, you can, and some people apparently do, use multiple social
security numbers for multiple reputations.
This is of course, dishonest, since you are misrepresenting yourself
to the landlord or bank.
Misrepresenting yourself to the IRS is completely
honest, because the IRS has no right to ask the questions that it
demands answers to, under threat of violence.  Furthermore most
landlords make this distinction also, though not necessarily on
the same philosophical grounds as I do.   I do not know if banks
make that distinction.
On the other hand multiple corporate identities are fine - I used
to be several different companies, and nobody gets upset provided
you refrain from running the companies through profitable bankruptcies.
There is nothing wrong with making it difficult for people to cross
reference information from one of your activies to another of your
activities.  But if you say you are revealing information about your
activities, and you are concealing it, then that is dishonest.
Exactly so.
The printout is a credential.  The reputation is how impressed the
banks are by your credentials.
The implication of making a distinction is that clever use of
cryptographic signatures and the like on credentials will
not make the credentials worth anything.
A credential will only be of value to the extent that it impairs
privacy.  The objective therefore must be to maintain privacy
against uninvited third parties and make privacy impossible against invited parties.  More realistically, we must reveal what
invited parties wish to know, without revealing what uninvited
parties might wish to know.
All the models you give are excellent.  The drug dealers transaction
is strictly local, and therefore can be completely anonymous.
Unfortunately complete anonymity and the lack of a storefront means
that loss of reputation is no problem.   Thus punishments for misconduct
also have to be local, hence the gun.
This suggests that people doing business in cyberspace cannot be anonymous
from each other, although their real physical identity and physical location
may be hidden, making them difficult to coerce.
The futures transaction is non local, and is backed both by reputation
and state coercion.
In some markets the transaction is backed only by reputation.   In others, such as China and Vietnam, arbitrary government coercion randomly prevents people from carrying through the deals that they have made.
Credentials support a reputation, and a reputation enables one
to obtain a credential, yet chickens are not eggs.  If one defines
chickens to be eggs, one will have difficulty roasting a chicken.
The difference between your credit card and your reputation
is that if you lose your credit card it will be replaced, but
if you lose your reputation they will cut up your credit card
the next time your proffer it.
Quite so.

@_date: 1994-09-08 22:33:05
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: CONTROL FREAKS (nee, AIDs testing and privacy) 
Alan Olsen writes
Not so.
Fascism was a more sophisticated and coherent philosophy than
you give it credit for.  Hitler mass marketed a vulgarized
mass market version to the ignorant unwashed masses, but this
was only after the political romantic philosophies came to have
substantial support among the intellectuals, and this philosophical
support was translated into political support by intellectuals for the various volkish parties, one of which was the National
German Socialist Workers party, which Hitler later joined
and swiftly came to dominate.
There really is no similar contender on the scene today.
The fascists were able to take power only after the ideas that
underly fascism had been growing in support and sophistication
for three hundred years.  When put into practice this system of ideas suffered a devastating setback, not only the particular
form that we called fascism, but all forms.
While a military dictatorship is possible, a military dictatorship
that is not armed with good volkish philosophy is unlikely to
be capable of doing much harm, because military dictatorships
are continually and gravely threatened by loss of internal cohesion
and discipline.
A military takeover might well be a good thing.  The soldiers could
in the short term impose discipline on a corrupt and lawless government,
and in the long term would profoundly weaken that which they sought
to strengthen.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we              James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.                jamesd

@_date: 1994-09-09 10:49:23
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: CONTROL FREAKS (nee, AIDs testing and privacy) 
Jim choate writes
They may be clean but they are still ignorant as ever.
Exactly so.
1. They have not been voted in - they are a junior partner
   in a multi party coalition. 2. They are a mere political party - no longer a powerful,    attractive, and superficially plausible ideology.  Read before flaming:  I am quite aware that the fascists were a political movement, not a military coup.
My point was exactly that.  That though a military coup is possible,
the ideology that made that political movement possible is dead,
dead, dead, dead.
Get it.
Fascism was an idea.  That idea has been proven false.
The end.

@_date: 1994-09-09 16:15:09
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Black Cryptoanarchy (KKK, monopolies, contract killing) 
Doug Cutrell writes
Actually the argument is that who I choose to associate with is
no damned business of the state.
If you want a utiltarian argument, no problem:  Obviously laws
regulating who can associate with who, can be used, will be used,
and are being used to oppress those minority groups that are out
of favor with the state.
For example jews and Asians are not "protected groups" and the
anti discrimination laws are enforced in a selective fashion to
harass businessmen of Korean origin in California.
Obviously if some individuals choose not to associate with some
group for irrational reasons it will harm those who so choose
more than it harms the group - but only the state can enforce discrimination with guns, and it does, thus only state sponsored discrimination is significant in practice.
Plenty of Koreans have been put out of business by the state.
How many homosexuals have been put out of business by private
But I piss on utilitarian arguments.  From the fact that anti
discrimination laws violate peoples rights, we could have immediately
inferred that the unjust use of force would follow, and that this would lead to undesired and unintended outcomes, without
bothering with the specific details.
That is the plan.
Consider the excellent and great campaign of intimidation
and harassment against Cantor and Segal.  We really trashed those guys.
Hurray for cybervigilantes and Silicon cowboys.
Right on.
It is called "freedom of association".  You will just have to get
used to it.
Most of us hope, desire, and intend, that your worst fears will
be realized.
As for contract killings - what else is new.  Just as today you will
have to start by asking "who has motive and money to put out
a contract on X".  Of course you could prevent contract killings
by requiring everyone to carry government "escrowed" tape recordings
to record all their conversations and requiring them to keep a diary
at all times alibing their all their activities.  This would also
make it much easier to stamp out child pornography, plutonium
smuggling, and social discrimination against the politically
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we              James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.                jamesd

@_date: 1994-09-09 16:55:08
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: CONTROL FREAKS (nee, AIDs testing and privacy) 
Jim choate writes
Fascism is not racism.  Racism, like war and trade restrictions,
was an accidental and almost unintentional byproduct of a complex
ideological system that is now dead as stone, even though racism
and so forth still live.
This is now totally off cypherpunk issues, so I will not respond
to further replies on this topic.

@_date: 1994-09-12 10:26:17
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Anarchy and the Social Body (Meta Strong Crypto) 
Doug Cutrell writes
The social organism does not exist.  If it did exist, and was
an organism then it would have goals and purposes.
If it had goals and purposes, then these goals would probably be
best served by prohibiting strong crypto, encouraging children
to rat on their parents, teaching a uniform ideology in
compulsory public schools, and forcibly dissolving families
and other private bonds and relationships.
So why does the number one chimp spend a lot of time hanging out in
private with the number two chimp?  Why do male dolphins go off in
groups of two and three and do syncronized swimming games together?
The significance of strong crypto is that it allows us to interact
privately with the whole world, not that it allows us to interact
It allows us to interact privately on a large enough scale to
sustain a modern business and a modern economy.  We have always
been able to interact privately for a subsistence economy, which
is why medieval tax rates were so low.
(There is considerable disagreement as to what medieval tax rates
were, and it is difficult to distinguish between irregular robbery,
which was sometimes large, and regular taxes which were alway low,
but the large number of peasants required to support one man at
arms, indicates a modest tax rate)
It is impossible to predict what the outcome of crypto anarchy
will be because, as Hayek has pointed out, it is impossible
to predict the consequences of freedom.
The weakening of central control will probably mean that some
aspects of medieval and dark age society will recur, but at
a vastly higher standard of living and literacy.

@_date: 1994-09-16 07:55:18
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: if this is RC4 
"Ian Farquhar" says:
Many people use this style.
Suspicious, but no fingerprint.
Perry E. Metzger writes
Decompilation would not preserve the original style.
Is "decompilation" actually the word you had in mind?

@_date: 1994-09-20 15:26:06
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Scienter and all that stuff 
L. Todd Masco writes
Of course Noam Chomsky is optimistic - he favors limitless and absolute
state power and the forcible and violent silencing of all those who
deviate from political correctness.
If I was campaigning to make a the US a totalitarian terrorist
state, I would be full of optimism.

@_date: 1994-09-21 10:24:29
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: THOSE DARNED HIT MEN 
Tim May writes with regard to anonymous contract killers:
Sandy Sandfort writes
This true conclusion is based on a true assumption that Sandy does
not explicitly make, indeed implicitly denies.
That there is a strong correlation between one wrongful behavior - murder
for hire, and other wrongful behavior - dishonoring promises.
Murder for hire will work if there are honorable, well respected
murder for hire escrow agencies with a long and well established
reputation and murder for hire hitmen with a long and well
established reputation.
Neither seems likely, especially the second.

@_date: 1994-09-21 21:17:48
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: HIT MEN 
Timothy C. May writes
Illegal betting is merely illegal.  Murder is also immoral.  This really does make a difference to reputations.
For example if you have a criminal record for shoplifting a
packet of cigarettes, most bosses will not hire you.  But
speeding or even drunk driving will not seriously affect
your employment prospects.
Similarly tax evasion convictions seem to have little effect
on ones credit rating.

@_date: 1994-09-22 07:41:49
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: HIT MEN 
Timothy C. May writes
True.  And I, and most people, would expect someone who does
murder for hire to lie and cheat.
I have found that people usually act with unwavering consistency
in this type of thing and are highly predictable - not that I
have known murderers, but I have known thieves.

@_date: 1994-09-22 17:52:09
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Chomsky Arguments / Redefinitions 
Blanc Weber writes
Thank you for your kind words.
By the way when I called this thread "more tedious Chomsky stuff"
I was perfectly serious - This thread has been beaten to death
time and time again, and many people have a kill file that
automatically kills anything with Chomsky in the header.
Chomsky correctly points out all sort of lies and bias in the mass
media.  Since some the evils he points to are indeed real and indeed
wrong, people automatically sympathize with what he says.
(He pulled terrible clangers on Pol Pot and Idi Amin, but this
is irrelevant to the argument.  Even when the misleading statements
that he complains about are real and evil, the language
he uses still implies that coercive solutions to the
problem are just, necessary, and will make us more free.)
The problem is that if you call it media bias, you imply one
class of solutions.  If you call it a coercive system of
power and control, you get a different class of solutions.  The language that Chomsky uses suggests to me he very much favors that other class of solutions.
But it is absolutely true, as the supporters of Chomsky claim, that Chomsky has never said explicitly in so many
words, that coercive solutions to the problem of political
untruths, are good.  On the other hand he has never said
that they are bad either, and the language he uses would`
tend to make a reasonable person feel that coercive solutions
to this problem are good.
Obviously the problems that Chomsky justly complains about
are largely solved when everyone owns their own printing
press, or its network equivalent.  But for some strange
reason I do not hear him saying "Hurrah, the cavalry have

@_date: 1994-09-22 18:09:31
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: HIT MEN 
Timothy C. May writes
Carlos claimed to be a political terrorist, not a simple mercenary -
to be motivated by moral considerations.  This claim was probably
a simple lie, but true or false, if he had claimed to be a simple
hitman for hire, he would have been out of business fast.
Large scale, well organized illegal gambling does exist, and
operates smoothly on a basis of trust.
No large scale murder for hire organizations exist, and such
operations as do exist operate very erraticly because of
extreme distrust and treachery.
Morality is more than just game theory.  It is game theory plus
our methods for categorizing acts in terms that we can apply
game theory to.
Honoring an illegal bet has much in common with speaking the
truth, paying ones debts, and honoring a contract.  Honoring a murder for hire contract, whether by the murderer
or the payer, has little in common with these things.

@_date: 1994-09-24 14:45:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Media Bias -- Chomsky 
Please put "Chomsky" in your threads title, or else we will get
flamed by the numerous people who have "Chomsky" in their kill
j.hastings6 describes a Chomsky movie where
Chomsky protests about media priorities.
The problem is that Chomsky does not use words such as
"bias" and "persuasion".  Instead he uses words such as
"coercion" and "control"
If he said "bias" the implication would be that we should
deal with this problem by individual action, for example
we should subscribe to magazines and so forth that give us
diverse views - that we should respond as individuals.   By
using words such as "control" he implies that we should
respond collectively to resist these acts of coercion.  He
calls speech, and thus implies they should be met with
The natural and intended emotional response to Chomsky's
lies and distortions is:
"How do you explain that, Man?! Fight the Power! Right Awn!"
By defining speech and ideas as force and coercion Chomsky
is implicitly arguing for democratic control of speech and
He implies that democratic control of speech and ideas
would be a vast improvement in our civil liberties, that
it would make us more free.
If you say "bias" as Rush Limbaugh does, then the obvious
implication is that one should start ones own newsletter
and or attend to alternative sources of information.  When
Rush says "Media Bias" he is really saying "buy my book,
listen to my radio show, watch my TV show."
When Chomsky says that the public are "subject to a system
of rigid ideological control" (not that particular
newspapers are subject to rigid ideological control by
imperialist capitalist stooges, but that *the people* are
subjected to rigid ideological control by imperialist
capitalist stooges") he is saying that the speech acts he
that protests are acts of violence and coercion and thus
he implies that we should defend ourselves collectively
against such speech.
In other words he is perverting the language so that for
him "freedom of speech" is democratic control of speech and
ideas by the people.  Speech should be subjected to
democratic control by the people, and this will make us
more free and expand civil liberties.
If Susie tells stories of how John ruined his life with
drugs or booze, one might reasonably conclude that Susie is
telling us to be selective and exercise self control.
If Susie tells stories of how evil drug lords/publicans
ruined Johns life by *forcing him* to consume drugs and or
booze, one can only conclude that Susie is calling for
drug/alcohol prohibition.
Chomsky continually claims that we are *coerced* into accepting
the ideas of the evil imperialist capitalist conspiracy.  From
this I reasonably infer he is arguing for democratic control
of speech and ideas.
He continually describes (and wildly exaggerates) the problem
using language that implies that only a collective, rather than
individual, response to misinformation can make us free.
As you know, democratic control of speech and ideas was
tried very successfully under the National Socialist German
Workers party.  In practice it proved remarkably similar to
the undemocratic control of speech and ideas employed in
the Soviet Union.
j.hastings6 writes
(I assume that Right Awn! is a smiley)
What Chomsky said about US involvement in Indonesian
imperialism is a pack of lies.  (Or rather what he implies
- Chomsky mostly lies by carefully arranging truths and
half truths so as to give a wildly misleading impression.)
But even if what Chomsky said about the US involvement in
Indonesian imperialism was completely true one can easily
point to even more extreme examples bias in the opposite
direction in the press.  For example compare the massive
publicity for Pinochet's murder of a handful of people,
the deadly silence concerning the murder of huge numbers
of people mostly women and children, by the marxist anti
American regime in Ethiopia.  This genocide was vastly
greater than Timor, and you do not see Chomsky jumping up
and down about media silence concerning Ethiopia.
(One can easily dig up the real, rather boring, reasons
why Ethiopia was ignored, and one can easily dig up the
real, rather boring, reasons why East Timor was ignored,
but is more fun to allege that the press is controlled by a
vast evil immensely powerful communist conspiracy and force
the commies write up the complicated boring research
for a change.)
Like practically everything Chomsky says, the above is a
half truth that is used to imply a lie.
Sure, in the beginning, all reasonable people assumed that
the reports of genocide were more vomit by the Pentagon
misinformation machine (not the lapdog press -- the press
was very far from being lapdog -- it had been lapdog in the
beginning, but dramatically shifted.)   That is what I
assumed -- at first.
It soon became apparent that the reports of genocide
were horribly real.
But Chomsky kept right on pushing the same wheelbarrow on
and on and on as the terrible evidence piled up, until the
Vietnamese invaded - and *then*, when the winds of politics
blew, he abruptly changed his position.
This shows his position was based purely on politics, and
that he displayed a contemptuous disregard for the truth,
for principle, and for human lives.
It reminds me of that scene in the book "1984" where in
the middle of hate week, yesterdays enemy suddenly becomes
today's ally, and yesterdays ally becomes today's enemy.
Orwell's fictional hate week was based in part on real life
abrupt shifts in magazines such as "New Republic" when
Stalin made a non aggression pact with Hitler, and the
further abrupt shift when Hitler broke that treaty.
Chomsky is not an anarchist.  He advocates an economic system very similar to that
advocated by the National Socialist German Workers party,
and somewhat different from that advocated by the
This was demonstrated very nicely in his papers on GATT,
which described managed trade as democratic control and as
control by the people.  If you define the Washington
bureaucracy as "the people", as Chomsky does whenever he
discusses acts of theft, coercion, and violence by the
current American government against American individuals,
then fascism is anarcho socialism by definition, and
Chomsky is indeed an anarchist.
Chomsky may well be tolerant of holocaust revisionists, as
am I, but Chomsky fans show a notable lack of tolerance
for other forms of speech, as is most noticeable on the
net.  This leads me to suspect that Chomsky's tolerance of
holocaust revisionism may well be based on grounds
somewhat different my own.
If Chomsky was a fan of free speech, he would be
celebrating what the laser printer and the internet have
made possible.  If he was genuinely concerned with
monopolistic control of speech, rather than ensuring that
"the people" exercised that monopoly, he would be
celebrating what is now happening.
Chomsky has the very clear objective of creating a
economic, social and political system based on democratic
control of speech, thought, work, and property, through
the Democrat Party, using normal constitutional, legal,
institutional and democratic means, just as the National
Socialist German Workers party successfully did in Germany.
Clearly this objective is far more realistic and
achievable than the ridiculous fantasy of the Marxists of
coming to power in America through revolutionary means.
Since there are clearly a great many people who seek and
desire totalitarianism, with their group at the top,  we
should hardly be surprised to see large number of people
seeking to achieve this through means that are workable
and feasible, rather than through means that are absurd
and impossible.  Nor should we be surprised to find that
these people are mostly in the party whose ideas can most
readily be perverted to this objective.
The ideological difference between the Soviet Union and
Nazi Germany is so slight as to be almost indiscernible.
Stalin permitted abortion on a large scale, Hitler on a
modest scale.  Stalin murdered Jews on a modest scale,
Hitler on a large scale - but this was more a tactic to
create a body of killers who had no choice but to support
him, rather than through any burning ideological difference.
Apart from Jews and abortion, I cannot see any noticeable
political difference between Hitler and Stalin, other than
the very important fact that Hitler took power through
democratic, constitutional, and institutional means, and
that Hitler obeyed the letter of the constitution (while
grossly violating the spirit of the constitution.)
Similarly Hitler respected the form of property rights
while brushing business owners aside and running their
businesses directly by the German people for the greater
good of the German nation.  Chomsky would do likewise,
rather than implementing the Soviet form of socialism.
My impression is that if Chomsky or (more likely) one of
his disciples were to achieve power he would resemble
Stalin on abortion, and on America's Jews - the Asians, and
he would resemble Hitler in regard to democracy and the
constitution, and property rights.  (Constitution as
currently interpreted by the supreme court -- not
constitution as originally written, of course.)
But I would not be particularly surprised if he resembled
Hitler on both Asians and on the Constitution  (Supreme
court version).
I can definitely and confidently say that he would *not*
resemble Stalin on the constitution and property rights. This is why people get hysterical when other people call
Chomsky a totalitarian and a commie sympathizer.  It is
perfectly true, and perfectly clear, that Chomsky aims to
achieve totalitarian terror by means radically different
from those intended by the commies.  In this sense he is clearly not a commie sympathizer.

@_date: 1994-09-29 18:46:34
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread on sci.crypt? 
Sherry Mayo writes
My ill informed back of the envelope guestimate is that current
art is a factor of one hundred from building a proof of principle
quantum computer,  a factor of one thousand from building a
quantum computer that does something interesting, and a factor
of ten thousand from building a quantum computer that does something
that is actually useful.  Art is improving at (very roughly) a
factor of two every four years.
These estimates may well be rather optimistic, but they are
not totally ridiculous.

@_date: 1994-10-02 20:28:28
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory Email verification 
Ken Landaiche writes
False.  Most cryptographic algorithms these days are secure.
Windows NT is secure.
Walking through a security hole on a computer is not necessarily
dishonorable, though many dishonorable things can be done once
you are through that hole.
If "we" provide "sever consequences" then we are not relying
on honor, but on coercion.
So I see.

@_date: 1994-10-03 14:14:08
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Manufacturing quantum computers 
Sherry Mayo writes
Current art is fairly close to making components whose interaction
requires a full quantum description.
To make a quantum computer from such components requires that
that the components be orders of magnitude faster and more
Presently known quantum algorithms cannot tolerate the loss of a single quantum of energy, as this will introduce
vacuum noise into the data.
The longer the algorithm takes, the less energy there
is in a single quantum of energy, thus the components
for any long quantum algorithm, such as factoring a 1024 bit
number, must be very fast indeed (near infrared frequencies)
and extraordinarily efficient (fully reversible classical,
non quantum computation.)
Although quantum computers are interesting and important,
they have no immediate practical relevance to cryptography.
Error tolerant algorithms could change the picture substantially,
but they would still require components far beyond current

@_date: 1994-10-03 14:23:47
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Anyone seen the 'quantum cryptanalysis' thread? 
solman writes
As far as is know, quantum computers cannot solve NP complete problems
in polynomial time.
They can solve some problems (such as factoring) that classical
computers cannot solve in polynomial time.

@_date: 1994-10-03 23:41:59
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Chomsky quote (thread from hell) 
"L. Todd Masco"  quotes one of Chomksy's
pious platitudes on freedom of speech:
To put this in its proper context, Chomsky also believes
in socialism, in the sense of the "people" controlling the
means of production, distribution, and supply, and in
particular, the "people" running the mass media.
Does Chomsky really believe that such a society can
operate without its Gulag?
Is he a fool, or is he a monster?
In my previous writings on this thread I have shown
examples where Chomsky carefully chooses words so as to
convince us that freedom of speech is not freedom, and
that control of speech is freedom.
Let us examine the above quote from Chomsky.
You will notice that Chomsky has carefully expressed
himself in the manner that is least likely to make us feel
favorable to freedom of speech.  He piously declares
himself in favor of it, but expresses himself in such a
manner as to make an argument against freedom of speech.
The intended effect is to make us feel that such "extreme"
freedom of speech is a bit excessive and not really
necessary or desirable.
In the above quote Chomsky implies that freedom of speech
is divisible -- he implies that we can suppress wicked,
obnoxious, and obviously false ideas, without closing down
everyone's ability to communicate political thought.
Thus he is actually making a misleading and spurious
argument *against* freedom of speech at the same time as he
is piously declaring himself to be in favor of freedom of
Let us also look at the examples he gives of people abusing
freedom of speech.  Notice that every example that he gives
are powerful and priviledged people who plainly need no
protection, never the weak and vulnerable silenced by the
powerful and arrogant:
Let me give a counter example to Chomksy's implied argument
that it is safe to silence dissidents, and that dissidents
are powerful and priviledged servants of capitalism.
Edward O Wilson.
Back in the late seventies, when political correctness was
so powerful that we did *not* see two dozen books
protesting about how powerful it was, Edward O. Wilson was
silenced by threats and violence.
Among other things he was accused of emitting "a constant
stream of lies, distortion, racist screeds, etc."
In fact he his heresy had nothing whatsoever to do with
race -- indeed he was a political innocent with no
particular political ideas, who was largely unaware that
his work had political implications, unaware that his work
would be used by other people to make the argument that
property was a result of the nature of man, and that
socialism was contrary to the nature of man.
Because many of the thugs sent against him were black, the
totally false claim was made, that he continually insulted
black people with racist fighting words.
Suddenly people realized, that just as in the market every
thing is connected to everything else, so that one state
intervention necessarily requires further state
intervention in order to achieve the desired effect, in
the same fashion, every idea is connected to every other
idea, so silencing some ideas necessarily requires
silencing other ideas.  In the end the only way to
coercively suppress ideas is to ensure that only a single
voice is heard.
Thus the backlash against political correctness started.
What happened to Edward Wilson then, could not happen
today, which is why it is now safe for academics to write
books on how powerful political correctness is, something
they would not have dared to do seven years ago.
The full quote by Chomsky in all its pious hypocricy.
I did not see this quote:  I am relying on Todd for the
accuracy of this quote, but I have seen plenty of similar
hypocritical smears against liberty by Chomsky.  The above
piece of catty nastiness is classic Chomsky, and I could
easily dig up a dozen similar examples of the kind of
support that he gives liberty.

@_date: 1994-10-04 17:46:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Chomsky (thread from hell) 
My apologies to everyone for starting this thread.  I will
try to restrain myself from making any further inflammatory
posts that would tend to keep the thread going.
But a clarification.  The reason I call Chomsky a totalitarian
is not because of his mild support for political correctness.

@_date: 1994-10-04 18:19:38
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: He's dead Jim (Chomsky) 
Anonymous writes
I said context, not quote.
There is ample Chomsky material outside this quote supporting socialism,
and as well as socialism, those measures that socialism makes necessary,
namely silencing of dissent, mass murder, and rule by terror.
My analysis of the quote on political correctness follows about twenty lines after my discussion of Chomsky vs the Capitalist Mass Media.
And yes, I know, you do not need to tell me.  No where in
Chomsky's writings does he say "Mass murder is great".
He merely provides and endless stream of justifications and
rationalizations for particular mass murderers, most infamously
Pol Pot, and for mass murder in general.
Yes, Chomsky says, repeatedly, that he is sincerely opposed to mass murder,
whilst at the same time vigorously arguing in favor of it, the same
hypocritical gimmick as he does on free speech, in the quote under
For example in addition to comparing Pol Pots methods to de nazification
by the french resistance, he also argues that the chaos created by
the American bombing forced Pol Pot to use harsh measures, and so on and so forth.  As on PC, he piously proclaims himself to be be opposed to Pol Pot, whilst vigorously defending him, and like totalitarians, and vigorously defending the methods used by Pol Pot, and savagely condemning anyone who would criticize Pol Pot, or Idi Amin, etc.
This is why I call him a totalitarian, not because he endorses
political correctness.

@_date: 1994-10-06 15:51:45
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Government vs. Markets 
Jamie Lawrence writes
Socialists have always preached somewhat differently than they act.

@_date: 1994-10-06 18:43:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: SIGNATURES in both universes 
*Hobbit* writes
Bad idea.  A signature, like a signet ring, must be *publicly*
associated with an identity to be useful.
Use web of trust.
Both A and B have well publicized public keys.
Each then sends the other a signed letter saying "I agree to the following
provided you also agree to the following"
First step:
A decent user interface to PGP
Zeroth step.
Chicago (Yes I know that Unix is the most holy and greatest
operating system in the world, but face it.  The chairman of
the board is *not* going to learn to use unix.)
(Windows is incapable of acting as a host, being non pre-emptive,
and therefore is a pain on the internet.)

@_date: 1994-11-17 23:32:26
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: How to do foreign transactions. 
First and foremost:
A chain is as strong as its weakest link.
So you do not use a consultant who works in the country
where you are making your money.
Repeating this for anyone slow witted.   If you are making
money in the USA, and wish to perform transactions outside
the USA that you would prefer to remain private  YOU DO
NOT TRANSACT THROUGH A USA CONSULTANT.  DO NOT USE A USA
BASED CONSULTANT!
The American IRS, and other bodies hostile to privacy,
regularly go after such consultants, accuse them of real
or imaginary crimes, threaten them with jail and sometimes
with a rubber hose, and force them to sing like canaries.
Worse still, a great many of them continue right on in the
financial consultancy business while continuing to sing
like canaries.
So first and foremost you do not use a consultant that is
subject to the violence of those that you most fear.
Use a friend or a relative who is in a foreign country.
Blood is thicker than water, relatives are better.  No
suitable relatives?  Subscribe to foreign financial
newspapers, and read the ads, subscribe to some of the
newsletters advertised or reviewed in those newspapers.
You might wish to subscribe to      AGI
     PO Box 4010      6304 Zug
     Switzerland.
This advertises stockbrokers, banks, and mutual funds all
over the world that accept international transactions.
That is a suggestion, not a recommendation.  Do your own
homework, and check your family tree for relatives
dispersed around the world.
OK, what comes second.
Well second, third, fourth and fifth, same as above, do
not use a consultant who is subject to the violence of
those you most fear.
Somewhere way down the list ...
About thirty seventh down the list: All financial
institutions that are beyond the violence of those you fear
the most, are good.
All of them!
All of them!
Even in countries quite hostile to privacy, they do not
turn over financial information en masse to a foreign
power, even when that foreign power is the USA.
Say you fear the USA the most, and you have a bank account
in another country.  Say you have a bank account in
Australia, a country with high taxes, absolutely no banking
privacy, a country that routinely and regularly grovels to
the USA. Even so, the ones you fear still have to find out
that the account exists, information that they discover in
the USA and *then* they have to ask their opposite number
in Australia, "Hey, I did a favor for you, can you do a
favor for me, pretty please with sugar on top?"
If the enemy already have that kind of information on your
financial doings, and they are keen enough on getting you
that they are willing to do things that are special and
out of the ordinary, then your goose is cooked anyway,
regardless of whether your account is Australia or
Liechtenstein.   So who gives a tinkers dam?
What points one to thirty seven boil down to is quite
simple.  The key question about any financial institution
is:  Can the revenuers kick down the door and pistol whip
the operator if he fails to make everything in his computer
totally and completely available to the revenuers?
It really is that simple.  If you are afraid of USA
revenuers, then the difference between a USA bank, and a
USA financial privacy consultant is so slight that it is
not even worth thinking about.   The difference between a
Swiss bank and an Australian bank is small.   The big
difference is the difference between a USA entity and a foreign entity.
Ignore all the mysterious arcane legalistic complexities
uttered by the self proclaimed financial experts.  It
really is not very complicated at all.  Simply apply the
pistol whip question.
Nothing else counts for very much.
If a financial institution fails the pistol whip test, then
its computers have a line to the IRS echoing everything
that happens.  If they do not have such a line now, they
will very soon.
If it passes the pistol whip test, then there is no line
to the IRS.  The IRS might be able to get information if
they ask nicely about a particular person, but they will
have to ask nicely and they cannot simply say:  "Dump
everything you have to our computers and make sure it is in
a form that our computers like, and if something makes our
computers hiccup, you're gonna sweat."
I repeat:  The key question is "Can they kick down the door
and pistol whip the guy who owns the computers?"  All other
questions, such as what does the law say, and what legal
system the institution operates under, are comparatively
Now obviously some banks are better than others.  For most
people this is not an important difference, but there is a
Now if you are a big time drug dealer living in exile,
yeah, you had better worry about the fine detail of a
nations banking secrecy laws.  In that case the difference
between Switzerland and Liechtenstein might be important
to you.
But fussing over the details of a countries banking laws
is like worrying about sources of randomness in session
keys.  It is not likely to make the slightest difference
in practice.
Of all the banks that have some degree of secrecy, Swiss
banks are the best, not that they have the strongest
secrecy, but because they are real banks, they are not
just post office boxes, and the same laws apply to
everyone. Your money is safe in Switzerland not because
they are trying to lure foreign hot money -- in fact they
are trying to exclude foreign hot money.  You almost have
to sneak your money into Switzerland in the same way you
sneak it out of the US.  Your money is safe in Switzerland
because Swiss property is safe in Switzerland.   In
Switzerland you are protected by Swiss liberty, not by
foreign privilege.
For your enemies to get information about your Swiss bank
account, they are going to have to know what you have been
up to.  And, knowing what you are up to, they are not going
to merely have to ask a favor, as they would in most
countries. They are going to have to go before a foreign
court.  They are going to have to jump through legalistic
hoops that they did not write in a court that they cannot
control.  They will have to deal with powerful people on
those peoples home ground.  They are profoundly reluctant
to do this. It makes them feel weak and helpless.  Unless
they know you are up to something *and* they have serious
hots for you, they are not going to do it.
So unless you are a foreign dictator that the US might
wish to overthrow, or unless you got the IRS chief's
daughter pregnant and skipped town,  you really do not
need to give a dam.
And if you attract their attention, and seriously upset
them, then nothing is safe.  They will obtain the key to
that Liechtenstein safety deposit box by bribery, illegal
methods, and by threatening people with massive baseless
lawsuits.  (This happened to one famous tax resister.   The
King of Liechtenstein will tell them to go eat shit, but a
lawyer in Liechtenstein will roll over like a puppy dog.) Or they will lock you up in solitary, with your only source
of conversation being thirty hour chat sessions with IRS
agents with bright lights shining in your eyes, until you
are willing to confess that you killed Kennedy and you were
Jack the Ripper and you damn well give them the key.
Which brings to point thirty eight, the least and
slightest of the matters you should keep in mind.
Obviously some institutions and some countries are more
vulnerable to persuasion and pressure by foreigners than
others.  I am told the King of Liechtenstein is strongly
resistant.  Doubtless this is true.  But if there are two
financial institutions, and one is a major Swiss bank, and
one is actually a lawyer operating a mail drop, guess which
one rolls over first, even if the lawyer is located in
Liechtenstein.  One needs to consider both the reputation
of the country and the reputation of the institution.
(You might also consider that, on the other hand, the
hole-in-the-wall lawyer in Liechtenstein can give you
facilities that achieve much the same thing as a fiduciary
account at a price you can afford, whereas a big Swiss bank
would not give you a fiduciary account unless you had
serious money.  Yet again you might consider that
something like a fiduciary account is ridiculous overkill
for most people)
But I repeat, compared to the vast difference between
someone they can pistol whip, and someone they cannot
pistol whip, the difference between two people, neither of
whom can be pistol whipped, is very slight.  It really does
not matter that much.  Just get your money out of gunshot.
Legal technicalities would only matter if the government
gave a shit about legal technicalities.
Once your money is out of gunshot, it really does not make
a very big difference where you put it.  Go for decent
rates of return, and ignore too-clever-by-half secrecy

@_date: 1994-11-21 09:31:51
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: MIT/RSA license documents available 
gnu writes
In case there are some cypherpunks not familiar with the situation:
The people who founded public key cryptography took out patents
on various methods, patents that were entirely legitimate and
All of these various patents got together under a single partnership which then made the dubious claim to own
*all* methods of public key cryptography, even methods such
as the square root method which are substantially different
from those developed by the patent holders.
Those who make such a claim deserve to be afflicted
with a plague of locusts and lawyers.

@_date: 1994-11-21 10:06:48
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Making Terminal Remailers Foreign 
L. McCarthy writes
Finland satisfies all these criteria with respect to the US, as
does New Zealand to a lesser extent.
In any case hostility is not really required.  Going through other
governments proper channels is as painful for governments as getting a building permit is for you or me.  The level of motivation that would lead the US government to go through some
other countries proper channels is roughly similar to the level
of motivation that would lead them to shoot someone and then claim
that the person shot was a child molester and NRA member resisting arrest.
Even Canada or Mexico would give quite good protection against USA
repression.   Unfortunately both countries are fairly hostile to free speech and might shut down the remailer for internal But because the internet is world wide, all attempts to censor
it are doomed, and I think it unlikely that any government,
least of all the US, will even try.
The internet can closed down, but it cannot really be controlled.

@_date: 1994-11-21 17:32:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
Black Unicorn writes
Our enemies are industriously corrupting the language in order
to make the ideas of liberty inexpressible.   In particular
they are seeking to make the concepts behind the declaration
of independence and the bill of rights unspeakably and therefore,
they hope, unthinkable.
Thus it is often necessary to do a lengthy exegesis, in order
to explain what they are really saying -- see for example
certain recent flame wars.

@_date: 1994-11-22 09:58:05
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
Connie Sadler writes
These crimes were not caused by drugs, but by the war on
Now even if heroin was legal, a junkie would be more inclined
to lie and steal than a sober person, just as a drunk is more
inclined to get into fights than a sober person, but heroin is not
in itself a major cause of theft, just as alcohol is not
in itself a major cause of violence.  Certainly the violence
caused by alcohol is vastly less than the violence caused
by prohibition.
The intrinsic cost of heroin is considerably less than the
the intrinsic cost of alcohol.   If we abolished the FDA,
a junkie could stay stoned for less than it costs a
drunk to stay drunk.
He would still be a no good human being, but he would be a
quite and unobtrusive no good human being.  Junkies are
quieter than drunks and less likely to assault you.

@_date: 1994-11-25 11:10:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Internet Shopping Network big league ripoff 
I just checked in to the internet shopping network - AAAaaargh
Disk drive prices over twice the going rate.
Fax modem prices over four times the going rate!
And for the vast privilege of being permitted to shop there you have to make a signed membership
application by snail mail or fax.
Meanwhile Chaums Emoney remains totally disconnected
with real money or real goods.  Among the bankers,
his name is mud.  And despite his pious talk about
privacy he seems committed to a many-to-few transaction system.
A many to few transaction system will not protect privacy, no matter how secure and
excellent the protocols.
Of course, it took 25 years for the internet to grow from a research project to a major social
and political force, so perhaps I am a little
impatient.  I eagerly await Bill Gates plans.
The long and the short:  You still cannot do
transactions on the internet.  It is still

@_date: 1994-11-26 10:33:41
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: JPR1: PC MSDOS hardware key 
Jyri Poldre writes
"Check the existence" is only used by amateurs.
A typical gimmick, one that I wrote, is get information from the
hardware, mangle it, put it on the stack, and execute it.   And
there are loads of tricks like that that can seriously obfuscate No software protection scheme is unbreakable, but it is easy
to make a protection scheme that is not worth breaking. Of course the inconvenience to the user may well be such that
it is not worth protecting, either.

@_date: 1994-11-29 09:39:05
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: The Market for Crypto--A Curmudgeon's View 
Right now there is no market for crypto on the net because
then net is not yet real life.
You cannot make money one the net, net reputations
do not count in jobs, academic or otherwise.
When real life moves onto the net, there will be
plenty of demand for crypto.
And as I said before, first you need a user interface
that even the chairman of the board can use.
First we get that user interface up for other things,
then for crypto.   Do crypto first, no one will buy it.

@_date: 1994-11-30 10:18:36
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Security Services 
Ian Farquhar writes
Convenient fires are a rather common in Australia.
Rupert Murdoch used to keep his records in old uninsured
wooden buildings.  These burnt down with the utmost regularity.
Was the DFAT building also old, wooden, and uninsured?
(Oh, I forgot, it is only taxpayer money, so I guess the
building was probably new, expensive and uninsured.)
As I recall it was ASIO, not ASIS, that bombed the Sheraton, not
raided it -- (one hopes that they intended to "discover" the bomb,
but failed to "discover" it in time) -- or am I mixing up two different incidents?

@_date: 1994-11-30 10:44:11
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Timothy C. May writes
Internet custom and precedent, as I understand it, seems to be that Usenet newsgroups are the collective property of the
regular inhabitants, but that mailing lists are the private
and individual property of the guy whose account they run out
Even the commies on alt.politics.radical-left seem to be reluctantly and painfully accepting this doctrine.  I am amazed that an ex-extropian does not.
We can advise Eric that we think it might have an undesirable
effect if he manages the list in certain ways.  We cannot
tell him that it is unfair or unjust to manage the list in
certain ways.
The extropians list claimed to be managed in accord with the
principles of justice.  Eric makes no such grandiose claim.
The debates concerning ownership on extropians occurred because
of that claim and, in my judgment, because the claim was obviously

@_date: 1994-11-30 11:04:08
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Premail and transparent email 
Raph Levien writes
This is the way to get people to use crypto.
It would also be useful to patch majordomo to check signature
consistency -- to check that a message signed by X is signed
with the same public key as previous messages by X (a non
trivial problem because of the key distribution issue).
In the absence of such tools, nagging people to use crypto
is unlikely to do much to further the cause.

@_date: 1994-11-30 11:31:15
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Timothy C. May writes
But the extropian list, which you cite as precedent, did make
that claim.
You also make the claim that Eric does not own the list.
The question of ownership is only relevant to questions of what is just and fair.
If you claim that Eric does not own the list then you claim that it
is unjust for him to change the rules without consent.
If I claim he owns the list then I claim that it perfectly proper
for him to change the rules without consent, regardless of whether
or not he has a good, or even sane, reason.
(As it happens, I do not think he has a good reason.)
My point was that the ownership debate on the extropians list
was a result of the questionable and grandiose claim of extropian
justice, and is therefore not a relevant precedent for the ownership of lists in general.
You raised the issue of the extropian precedent.   The extropian
precedent is irrelevant because the *extropian* list management
made the claim of "extropian justice".
*Relevant* precedent and custom indicate that the list is Erics
private property, and he may do as he pleases, wisely or unwisely.
Such actions are morally neutral, except in that wisdom itself is

@_date: 1994-11-30 15:52:09
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
L. Todd Masco writes
Same thing happened when Coca Cola tried to change their formula:
Should we therefore conclude that Coke does not own coke?
I did not say "Eric owns the list, so there is no point
in discussing the matter."  In case you have not noticed
I have been arguing against the change.  What I implied is
that voting on it is absurd, and that arguing that Eric
is not entitled to do as he pleases is absurd.

@_date: 1994-11-30 16:38:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Timothy C. May writes
Look at the title of this thread.  If what you say is true,
you would not have responded to this thread.  The title
would be meaningless or irrelevant to you.
As Starr pointed out to you a long time ago, it is almost impossible to discuss human affairs without using moral categories either explicitly or implicitly.
You use such categories implicitly as much as I use them explicitly.
In the highly unlikely event that Eric started acting like an
asshole we would move, as individuals and in different directions,
but the list would not move.  Existing newsgroups would change flavor as cypherpunks moved onto
them.  Somebody might create alt.cypherpunks, but it would
have a significantly different flavor with a significantly
different membership.  The list would only move as a whole
if Eric dropped dead or abruptly lost interest or handed
it over to someone else.
The question of who owns the list is indeed irrelevant to the question of whether the proposed change would further
It is however relevant to to the question of whether we
should hold a vote or establish a consensus.  You
agree,  I assume, that holding a vote is absurd.  Perhaps you think that Eric should establish a consensus
of "real" cypherpunks.  Yet if a vote is absurd, then
then surely a consensus is absurd.
And if you agree that neither vote or consensus is relevant,
except perhaps in the sense of a marketing survey for Eric,
then you agree that Eric owns the list.
This list has been a success largely because Eric has followed
anarchist, rather than fascist policies.   Now if some other
cypherpunk owned the list, the policy would have been different,
not necessarily worse, but not the same, and the list would
not be the same.

@_date: 1994-12-01 00:04:34
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Warm, fuzzy, misleading feelings 
Dr. D.C. Williams writes
Actually it is even worse than that:   It is like wearing red
ribbons to protest AIDS.
A checker that checked signatures for consistent ID would
actually promote cryptography.
A checker that merely checks if a signature looks like a signature merely makes cryptography look stupid, like
a power ranger suit.
I would entirely support a real checker, but not a toy

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:04:41
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Jonathan Rochkind writes
Nothing, other than the fact it would not be the cypherpunks list, and
there would not be a mass migration from Eric's list to yours.

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:27:13
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Timothy C. May writes
Timothy C. May writes
The title of this thread makes an argument based on rights
and obligation.  It claims that Eric has the right to act
without consensus.
If you were merely making the argument that Eric is unwise
to act, you would not have bothered to reply to this thread,
since it does not address the issue of whether Eric is wise
or unwise, but only the issue of who is entitled to decide.
You were making the argument that Eric does not have
the right, the authority to act without consensus, that he
is improperly usurping the authority or rights of other founding cypherpunks.
In other words you are responding to a moral argument with
a moral argument.  It is just that you use double talk and I speak
Your argument is based on labor mingling theory, even though
you seem to be unfamiliar with these concepts, (or perhaps
you are familiar but simply refuse to the language of
While labor mingling theory has great moral authority, long
usage on the internet has consistently gone the other way,
and with the passage of time, this counts.
The nature of the underlying protocols leads to collective
ownership of newsgroups and private ownership of lists,
and attempts to get away from this natural arrangement to something more useful and more just have not worked
very well.

@_date: 1994-12-01 19:15:19
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Mighty morphing power cypherpunks 
Eric Hughes writes
So autonag every nym to send a public key in.
Every email has its nym checked.  No key for that nym, auto nag
Discrepant signature, flag.   No signature, autonag.
This would be actually useful.  It provides a benefit, thus
demonstrating the usefulness of crypto, and would achieve the goals that you desire (get us to sign our stuff) without making us look like seven year olds.
What you are proposing provides no benefit.  It is crypto for
the sake of crypto.  This makes us look like kids in
mighty-morphing-power-ranger suits, playing with captain
Krunch secret decoder key rings.
A check on syntax without semantics looks pathetic, in the
same way, and for the same reasons, as a captain Krunch
secret decoder ring.

@_date: 1994-12-01 23:35:33
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: using us crypto sw outside usa 
Tomaz Borstnar writes
Exporting it, as for example when you ftp it off a site in the US is illegal.  Illegal in the US that is.
Of course if you are not in the US, you probably do not
give a shit.  And if you are in the US, then you are not
exporting it.
This law was written for gun runners, not crypto exports.
Lawyers will come armed with scalpels and will surgically remove this information from your brain if you reveal that
you know it.  (just kidding.)
But seriously folks, it was a trade secret, and therefore if
you were the guy who blew it then you are in serious trouble :-)
Of course anybody can sue anyone for anything (in America)
but I am happy to report that American lawyers are profoundly
reluctant to sue in overseas courts.  And even if the American
courts could get at you, they do not have a leg to stand on.
(Of course that has not stopped them in the past.)

@_date: 1994-12-02 08:35:31
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Doug Barnes writes
So send out a form letter:
   "Thank you for your interest.  At the moment we are not
    seeking beta testers with your kind of hardware.   We
    will contact you when when further news happens.
   "
I have applied three times, and received no response
If you cannot manage a form letter, your business is unlikely
to go anywhere.   Sell or lease the patents to someone who
can manage a mailing list.
For answering their mail.  For acting in accordance with their
business plan.  For moving money from point A to point B.
Ninety percent of success is showing up on time.

@_date: 1994-12-02 10:03:54
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Paul Robichaux writes
The tools will be vastly simpler and smaller than Fedwire, etc
but the system will be vastly larger an more complex than Fedwire
etc, because "the system" will consist of many diverse people
using these tools in diverse ways for diverse purposes.
Attempts to design an all encompassing well organized system
run counter to the way the internet works and are therefore
likely to fail. If it does not work by spontaneous order, it probably will not work.
Regrettably, there is an obvious conflict between full and true
anonymity, and spontaneous order.  On the other hand, absent
a centralized system, anonymity is less critical.

@_date: 1994-12-02 15:33:12
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Mighty morphing power cypherpunks 
Rick Busdiecker writes
It does not matter who the true identity associated with a
public key is.  My proposal is only that signatures
be checked for consistent identity, not true name.
Requiring true names would be most uncypherpunk.
So it would be up to the nym to get his true public
key to the list, not up to the list to discover the
correct public key that signs a posting by a nym.

@_date: 1994-12-04 15:56:09
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Alex Strasheim writes
It seems that some bankers are pissed at Digicash, for reasons very
similar to the reasons that some cypherpunks are pissed at Digicash.
As I said earlier, ninety percent of success is turning up.

@_date: 1994-12-05 09:41:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Oceania? 
Johnathan Corgan writes
Some of the participants were less than truthfull, to me
and to others.
Was it a scam?   In some cases they no doubt believed that
it was all for the greater good.  In other cases -- if some
people made money out of it, then it was a scam.  If it was
not a scam, then still they pursued their goal by evil
means.   I doubt that anyone made money out of it.
Either way they are untrustworthy people.
Myself, I would rather be stabbed in front than
The man who loudly says he is your friend, and loudly
points to common enemies, is seldom your friend.
The Oceania project will not succeed, though I wish
it well.
There is an alternative project that might succeed, perhaps
is already succeeding:
Many governments now recognize that they are incapable of
governing in a fashion that permits a modern technological
society.  So they are leasing -- not selling, but long
term leases -- regions to be governed by more competent
third parties.  Singapore is a major beneficiary of this.
They find government by Singapore particularly comforting
because Singapore has demonstrated expertise in minimizing
the dangerous infection of freedom that accompanies
But I am happy to report the disease seems difficult to contain.
Those free trade zones and special economic zones that are most
successful, are those that are most thoroughly free.

@_date: 1994-12-06 06:52:11
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: AABBS Conviction relation to child porn? 
ED KELLY writes
Sounds great.   Are there any copies of the evidence
available on the net?
And please lay off the capital letters.   It is rude
to shout.

@_date: 1994-12-10 22:26:21
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Algorithm Example Question 
Jeff Davis writes
Well the main thing you need to know about the knapsack problem is
that crypto schemes based on the knapsack problem get broken with
depressing regularity.

@_date: 1994-12-11 15:09:19
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Amanda complained that Netscape pisses all over the
standardization committees.
Well guys, the victor has room to move.  It must come as a big
shock to Apple, Microsoft, and IBM, but reality is that Netscape
can set WWW standards and they cannot.
If they indulge the standardization committees by listening to them first, and then deciding to ignore them, the committee
should be thoroughly greatful.
Marc Andreessen:
Hey Mark, you are at netscape.  Please, tell them about
Debug Windows.
Tell them that when debug windows issues a "Fatal Exit" error
message this means that Netscape has trashed internal windows
data, and that Windows may crash at any moment for any reason.
There are no benign "Fatal Exit" warnings.  If it does not
crash your system, it will crash a customers system.
I now have a policy of rebooting after every use of Netscape.
This really bad -- though not as bad as waiting for Mosaic.
to finish slooooowwwwwwwwwly loading some huge document.

@_date: 1994-12-11 16:15:34
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Storm Brewing Over Forged Bob Rae Posting? 
Hal writes
Relax:  The world has an unlimited supply of idiots, and nobody takes them seriously.
If you have ever posted satires, you will observe that no
matter how blatant the satire, and how many clues you put
in that it is a satire, you will always get indignant
replies that take you seriously.

@_date: 1994-12-11 17:33:08
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Amanda Walker writes
Consensus between who and who?  When they implement crypto, perhaps
they should listen to us cypherpunks, but when they add new SGML
tags, and new subfields for existing tags, why should they give
a tinkers dam what Apple thinks?
Now plainly they should listen very carefully to what the guys
at CERN say about SGML tags, but as far as I can see, the groups that
you want them to take consensus with, have no standing in this matter.
What right has apple got to demand that its views be considered?
They should discuss SGML with Mosaic, and encryption with RSA,
but I have seen little good come out of these standards committees.
Open standards are great, but a camel is a horse designed
by a committee.
CERN came down from the mountain top, and decreed what
HTML and HTTP should be, and that was a truly open and successful standard.
Very few such standards have emerged from comittees.  If
anything Netscape is paying too much attention to official
committees and too little attention to reality.  (for
example their irrelevant ID protocol for secure and if Netscape descends from
the mountain and proclaims a superset of HTML and additional
HTTP behavior, then provided that they are open and retain
backward compatibility, that is the way to go.
If their proclamation is flawed, they will not get away with
it.  If their proclamation is OK, being developed from
practice instead of bureaucratic politicing, then they
will get away with it.
For example consider the standards committee on SQL.  It is just
a political issue:  What companies on the standards committee decide
to do is deemed good, what others do is deemed bad.  As a result the SQL "standard" is now just a random pile
that does not make any sense.
This is OK when the standards committee is dominated by those
on the leading edge of technology, but irrelevant and harmful
when they are lagging.
A few years back, when the standards for new RAM chips
were debated, those who were lagging decreed that any
ram chip beyond their technology to make was deemed
to be non standard.  Needless to say, today we all use
non standard RAM chips.  A similar thing occurred with
the move to higher floppy disk densities.  Those who
could not double, decreed the next density increase
would not be to double the previous density.  Again,
the floppy standard was non standard.
In short, when the leading edge company dominates the
standards committee, it is of little use, when the old companies dominate the standards committee, it is
actually harmful.

@_date: 1994-12-12 12:14:04
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Declaration of Independance 
Perry E. Metzger writes
I seem to recall that on the extropians list you did
your fair share of foaming at the mouth.
While it is true that getting security working and
stardardized is right now a more urgent and more
difficult task than foaming at the mouth, nonetheless
more foaming at the mouth will be needed by and by.

@_date: 1994-12-12 13:17:46
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Declaration of Independance 
Anonymous writes
This is unwise and unnecessary.
It is unwise because we do not wish to alert the government
to the fact that the net is largely ungoverned and ungovernable.
It is unnecessary because crypto is already covered by various existing declarations on rights.
THE BILL OF RIGHTS
Amendment I
Congress shall make no law [...]
abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble,[...]
Amendment II
[...] the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.
Amendment IV
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,[...]

@_date: 1994-12-12 20:28:37
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Eric Hughes flames away without first reading:
Eric, read more, flame less, you might learn something.
In future Eric, pleas read before flaming. I posted a lengthy explanation of why it was counter productive to take consensus with those who are lagging. Here follows the material, that you apparently deleted without reading:
  ------------
Open standards are great, but a camel is a horse designed
by a committee.
CERN came down from the mountain top, and decreed what
HTML and HTTP should be, and that was a truly open and successful standard.
Very few such standards have emerged from comittees.  If
anything Netscape is paying too much attention to official
committees and too little attention to reality.  (for
example their irrelevant ID protocol for secure and if Netscape descends from
the mountain and proclaims a superset of HTML and additional
HTTP behavior, then provided that they are open and retain
backward compatibility, that is the way to go.
If their proclamation is flawed, they will not get away with
it.  If their proclamation is OK, being developed from
practice instead of bureaucratic politicing, then they
will get away with it.
For example consider the standards committee on SQL.  It is just
a political issue:  What companies on the standards committee decide
to do is deemed good, what others do is deemed bad.  As a result the SQL "standard" is now just a random pile
that does not make any sense.
This is OK when the standards committee is dominated by those
on the leading edge of technology, but irrelevant and harmful
when they are lagging.
A few years back, when the standards for new RAM chips
were debated, those who were lagging decreed that any
ram chip beyond their technology to make was deemed
to be non standard.  Needless to say, today we all use
non standard RAM chips, which were belatedly defined to be standard.  A similar thing occurred with
the move to higher floppy disk densities.  Those who
could not double, decreed the next density increase
would not be to double the previous density.  Again,
the floppy standard was non standard until the standards
people reluctantly and belatedly accepted reality.
In short, when the leading edge company dominates the
standards committee, it is of little use, and when the old companies dominate the standards committee, it is
actually harmful.

@_date: 1994-12-12 20:36:41
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Perry E. Metzger writes
Perry, you are wrong.
Now Netscape have done a lot of silly stuff.  It is painfully
obvious that they developed Netscape for windows without
using debug windows, and as a result Netscape crashes my
system continuously.
But reality is that they have produced by far the coolest browser
there is, and they are bringing crypto to the masses, and you,
and Eric Hughes, and most of us, have not yet brought crypto
to the masses.
Give them credit for doing what we have talked of doing, but
have not actually done.
Sure, if you had done it, the crypto would be better.  If I had done it, it would not crash all the time and its
caching algorithm would be way superior.
But I did not do it and you did not do it.  They did it.
Perhaps they will fix the crashing in version 1.1, and
the crypto and the caching in version 1.2

@_date: 1994-12-12 20:55:58
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: A Golden Opportunity 
Timothy C. May writes
It seems that Perry and other are flaming Netscape for doing things
their own way.
Yes, Netscape have made a lot fuckups.  But they are out there
bringing really cool crypto to the masses.
First guy on the block always does a lot of dumb fuckups.
That is what version 2.0 is for.
Yes, and all the blunders that appear in version 0.99 are
really gross incredibly stupid blunders.
We should know.  Our prerelease versions of everything we
have created have always been full of incredibly stupid
That is the nature of programming.  Let he who is without
sin cast the first stone.

@_date: 1994-12-12 21:09:06
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Someone who has never produced a really cool piece of software
Kipp E.B. Hickman writes
Guys, this is the greatest news.
How come the cypherpunks list is not singing and dancing and
saying how great this is, instead of whining and bitching
because Netscape is not all the way there yet.

@_date: 1994-12-12 21:23:47
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Eric Hughes writes
Because they did not have any substance.  You claimed I was
arguing from libertarian correctness.
This was not the case, as you now implicitly acknowldge
by belatedly addressing the argument I did make instead
of the argument that you alleged I made.
Since you earlier criticized the argument that you thought I made,
instead of the argument that I did make, a reasonable
conclusion is that you did not read it before opening fire.
The short of your argument is that Netscape will fragment the
net by running out there and dumping something in the market
place without consensing with all the big boys.
Bunkum:  Look at the RS232 standard.  Remember how we
were always futzing around trying to make one companies
RS232 talk to another companies RS232.  Similarly
the SCSI-1 standard.
The best way to make standards that stick is for the
front runner to proclaim them from the mountain
by fiat.
If apple and IBM and microsoft got together and agreed
on a standard:  1.  We would all be old and grey.
2.  They still would not interoperate.
3.  Netscape would not be out there doing really cool stuff
    and promising to bring crypto to the masses.

@_date: 1994-12-12 22:09:07
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Amanda Walker criticezes SSL because it is irrelevant to
the threat that people are likely to be concerned about.
This seems a very relevant criticism:  Has Amanda, or anyone else
proposed an extension to HTML that would incorporate such things?
for example:
Encrypted and possibly signed material.
(with any special html characters, such as '<' and '>', being escaped
in the ascii armored bitstreams.
Or did the standards groups that Netscape has been ignoring not
bother to discuss such matters?

@_date: 1994-12-12 22:53:05
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Eric Hughes replies:
And then he contradicts himself:
You do not demonstrate much ability to think rationally
in this posting.  A self contradiction in three lines,
above, and some interesting logic to follow:
I see:  So you start off with the assumption that what
I was arguing was false, and because that is a premise not an argument, you do not have to defend it or support it. Nice piece of logic there.
I accused you of flaming before reading.  Now you claim
that you did read it, but the laws of logic exempt you
from having to make rational criticism of what I wrote.
I think your defense denigrates you more than my original accusation did. Now back to some slight crypto relevance:
Each posting I made was about the standards making process.
I argue that good standards are created by victory in the
market place, and bad standards are made by committees
and consensus.
You argue game theory that would be valid given your premise
that cooperation works in this case.  Since the whole point
of each of my letters on this thread is that cooperation
with lagging competitors does not work in setting standards,
game theory is irrelevant to this issue.
Your so called "game theory" is just code for the moral
assumption that Netscape are wicked not to engage in consensus.
I do what you pretend to do.  I deduce moral truths from
game theory.  You instead start off with an unjustified moral assumption, and express that assumption in inappropriate game theoretic language, so that you can
cloak your arbitrary prejudices in pretended moral neutrality.
You do not reason using game theory, you use it as a code
to express moral claims without having to justify them.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-12 23:01:35
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Doug Barnes writes
The reason the internet standards process works so well
is because there is usually no money involved.
On this matter, there is money.
Every example I gave, where the standards setting process
failed, is because lagging players want bad standards.
It is in their financial interest.
Secondly, the Internet Standards process is itself a substitute for the marketplace in a non money
environment.  Netscape is working in the real

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:54:24
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: James Donald's comments 
Perry E. Metzger writes
I am sorry if I seemed to be saying that:  I well know that that is
not true.
But right now today everyone one the net who sends out a form
through netscapes 0.96 web browser gets a warning that his form
is not encrypted, with the implication that it should be.
(Unless he turns off the warning.)
Thus millions of people are being exposed to cryptography.
What I meant to say is that Netscape is bringing Crypto to
the *masses* and you are not.
I did not intend to say that Netscape is bringing Crypto and
you are not.

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:06:07
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: the netscape/ssl controversy 
Avi Harris Baumstein writes
Both methods are valuable.
Netscape has provided a screwdriver.  People are screaming at
them for not producing a hammer.  They are planning the hammer
We do not have to choose.  The more tools, the better.
The correct response is "Thanks, but what we really want
is a hammer."
Not "You stupid assholes, if you had the brains of a
turnip you would know that a screwdriver is THE WRONG
TOOL AND THE RIGHT TOOL IS A HAMMER, YOU HALF WITTED

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:14:56
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
Perry E. Metzger writes
Perry, they are not in trouble.  They are the number one supplier
of the internet killer app.
The plug for crypto that they have placed in Netscape 0.96 is
the number one force bringing crypto awareness to the masses.
He said that Netscape would look at IPSP when it was beyond
the "near" phase.
The correct response is "Gee that is great.  Here are some
working demo systems, and some slabs of documentation."
Your salesmanship leaves something to be desired.

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:37:40
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Perry E. Metzger writes
Not what I claimed.
I claimed you have not deployed crypto to the masses and they
have.  I did not claim that you have not deployed crypto and
and they have.
I am sick of you misrepresenting what I say, and I am sick of Eric
misrepresenting what I say.
Cut it out.

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:53:40
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: IPSP and Netscape 
Marc Andreessen writes
Eric and Perry have repeatedly used this method -
not only attacking a straw man, but lying outright
that their opponent has *explicitly* proclaimed
the straw man.
I am thoroughly sick of this dishonest debating
If someone genuinely believe his opponent assumes
or implies something that is obviously false he
should say "implies" or "assumes"
To say "claims" or "states" is to say something completely
One may be a reasonable inference, as I inferred
that Chomsky sought to justify mass murder and
brutal terror.   The other is a lie.

@_date: 1994-12-13 15:25:53
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: IPSP and Netscape 
Perry E. Metzger writes
I will provide an example:  Will you?
Where did I claim that?
That is an example of a fact that you invented.  Now
provide an example of a fact that I invented.

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:10:15
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Eric Hughes writes
Very true.   Now could everyone keep that in mind before flaming

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:16:54
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Perry E. Metzger writes
No two mimes seem to entirely agree what mime format is.
I use Sun's stuff.  It is a pile of stinking shit.
This a new spark station 20, state of the art and all
Sure, mime would be great if everyone had a great Mime
and every diverse system with every diverse mime
interpreter all worked and they all worked in the same
This is not the case.

@_date: 1994-12-15 15:35:31
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
James A. Donald says:
Perry E. Metzger writes
Quite true.
But the technology has not achieved the critical mass that you
need for most software producers to support it properly.
Sun does not support it, Microsoft screws it up royally last
time I looked.
Thus mime is, as Tim earlier complained, bleeding edge.
Netscape is leading edge.
Obviously mime is the right solution for Email in the
long run.
Equally obviously, none of the tools that I prefer to
use, on any of the systems that I have connected to
the internet, handle mime in a way that I am willing
to tolerate.

@_date: 1994-12-15 19:01:48
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
So how can I do true graphical mime with the wondrous window
like drag and drop features described by Perry on a Sparc 20 or an IBM PC running sockets and TIA under windows?
Obviously, once you can drag and drop from html to mime and back
again, and PGP is properly mimed, then we will have a tool
such that even the chairman of the board will use PGP.
But right now the tools I have are
seriously short of this glorious goal
While I am not expecting crypto nirvana right away I would like to stop
using an interface originally designed for paper terminals where you had
to hit the keys with a five pound hammer.  Obviously, once you can drag
and drop from html to mime and back The reason that I joined the rant
against the latest progress is not because I am a fan of character mode
unix -- I most definitely am not -- but because tools for GUI internet
stuff were rather raw the last time I tried them.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-15 23:14:40
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
I have noticed that folks with a Unix background have a rather
higher tolerance for stuff that sort of works, most of the time,
if you fiddle enough, than folks with Dos/Windows/Mac background
I suspect brain damage caused by a "make" utility that treats
spaces as semanticly different from tabs.  AAargh!
(But I am not an operating system bigot, I will freely admit
that segments and REPE CMPS have led to disturbing mental
symptoms amongst us PC folk.)
But seriously folks, GUI tools for manipulating and communicating
information are just wonderfully superior.  MIME etc provides a
standard for such things.
Problem is of course that it does not yet provide an entirely
satisfactory reality.  The standard is not yet standard.
Which is why you are probably reading this in a monospaced
font with hard carriage returns, rather than the proportionally
spaced font and soft line breaks that you get in the WWW
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-15 23:25:39
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Use TIA
Very true.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-15 23:41:37
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
That will be a good argument when we have reasonable mailers.
It is not a good argument today.
You are using the wrong tense:  You should not say "MIME is great".
You should say "MIME *will be* great".
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-16 00:26:18
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: MIME is not standardB 
Check the alt.binaries groups for MIME compliant binaries.
I was not able to find one.
In addition, my MIME compliant newsreader was not able to interpret
the message formats it did encounter.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-16 15:21:34
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: The Thread That Wouldn't Die (Was: Re: McCoy is Right!) 
Well it certainly is not essential for todays messages.
Drop into alt.binaries.pictures.*
When the news people wish to transmit pictures of naked girls, etc,
they do not use MIME
Now maybe they should use MIME, and maybe they will use MIME in the future, but today, MIME is still bleeding edge.
If you want to fix that, start programming instead of shooting
the messenger.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-19 11:15:02
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Content-Type of application/pgp 
Xref: netcom.com comp.mail.mime:5131
Path: netcom.com!ix.netcom.com!howland.reston.ans.net!agate!library.ucla.edu!csulb.edu!paris.ics.uci.edu!ucivax!gateway
Newsgroups: comp.mail.mime
Lines: 17
References: <3blaqd$fgn
After several discussions over the last few weeks -- with Phil
Zimmerman, Jim Galvin, Ned Freed, and others at Email World and IETF --
I have reached the conclusion that the application/pgp type should be
ABANDONED in favor of an approach based on multipart/security.   My
application/pgp Internet Draft is expiring shortly & will not be
renewed.  By using multipart/security, we can work towards a greater
level of harmony between the PEM and PGP communities.  It also now
appears that there's a chance that PEM and PGP keys can be made
interoperable, which would be a huge win.
I don't want anyone to think I'm standing in the way of this
convergence, so I wanted to publicly state that I have abandoned my
application/pgp Internet Draft.
What we need now is for someone to work up a new draft on how to use PGP
inside of multipart/security.  I'm swamped.  Any volunteers?  --
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-19 14:50:10
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: (fwd) Newt says Clipper Chip is Dead 
Xref: netcom.com alt.culture.usenet:6563 alt.rave:37968
Newsgroups: alt.culture.usenet,alt.rave
Path: netcom.com!ix.netcom.com!howland.reston.ans.net!usc!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!crl.dec.com!crl.dec.com!pa.dec.com!mtshasta.snowcrest.net!ken
Reply-To: ken
X-Received: by usenet.pa.dec.com; id AA29312; Tue, 13 Dec 94 20:15:43 -0800
X-Received: by pobox1.pa.dec.com; id AA20213; Tue, 13 Dec 94 20:15:37 -0800
X-Received: from mtshasta.snowcrest.net by inet-gw-1.pa.dec.com (5.65/10Aug94)
X-Received: from [204.94.225.49] (sl1.mtshasta.snowcrest.net [204.94.225.49]) by mtshasta.snowcrest.net (8.6.5/8.6.5) with SMTP id UAA15046; Tue, 13 Dec 1994 20:13:23 -0800
X-Minuet-Version: Minuet1.0_Beta_16
X-Popmail-Charset: English
X-To: alt.rave.usenet alt.culture.usenet.usenet
Lines: 16
On his weekly call-in TV show on National Empowerment Television tonight, Newt received a call asking about his opinion on the Clipper Chip, and he replied that it was a moot point, in that the Clipper chip concept was designed for a condition that no longer exists.
So, paranoiacs, lighten up! :-)
respect to all,
Ken            ken   (primary address)
               (if no answer, try ken.stuart )
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-19 21:58:20
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Newt says Clipper Chip is Dead 
A true politician never has one clear meaning.
My interpretation is that he is saying that the stable door
is open and the horse has already bolted -- that it is now
impossible to prevent people from communicating secretly if
they wish, except by totalitarian measuresB.
He has sometimes said stuff that echoes TCMay -- that the revolution
in communications will transform society and undermine the power
of government.
Of course now that he is on the inside, rather than the outside,
he may change his attitude to this coming revolution.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-19 22:10:37
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: freedom+diversity=noise 
The problem is not freedom and diversity, but assholes.
Those who did the most for freedom, got the pants flamed off them.
Namely TC May, and Netscape.
Tim was flamed for not having the latest and greatest hardware  --
thereby allegedly holding back the revolution, though his hardware
and software is typical of 99% of the net, as I determined by
looking at the way in which binaries are posted.
Netscape was flamed because the first encryption that they implemented was not in accord with cypherpunk priorities (It was
in accord with commercial priorities, as it should be.)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-20 15:44:41
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: PGP-MIME spec (No Flames Allowed!) 
A wise precaution.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-24 00:01:46
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Well I guess Black Unicorns standards are not such that
one should entrust secrets to him.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-24 00:12:25
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
The criticism was that the proposed use of the knowledge was wrong

@_date: 1994-12-28 11:48:59
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Why I have a 512 bit PGP key 
A compiler can recognize one specific piece of code or a few specific peices of code and do something perverse.  It cannot recognize functionally equivalent code, this
being a high order artificial intelligence problem.
Thus if someone used a perverted compiler to develop, debug, and
enhance the targe code, he would immediately discover the compiler
was perverted.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-29 23:55:48
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Morality masks technical ignorance 
If we fail to point out that people have a right to privacy,
if we fail to point out the moral and constitutional implications
of coercive inspection, then our enemies win, by citing tax
evaders child pornographers terrorists and pedophiles.
Public key technology is totally ineffective against rubber
How people are to live together peaceably is always first
and formost a moral question.
If all morality is relative, then the only possible way
for people to live together peaceably is for a single
authority to define morality absolutely by its arbitrary
will and to impose that morality by as much violence as
necessary  -- this is the classic argument (Hobbes, Nazis)
for absolutist government.
If this is so, then of course private cryptography must be suppressed, and private ownership of guns, and as much as of the internet as is necessary to ensure that communication is strictly few to many rather than many to many.
There are good historical examples of this kind of thing:
In Japan, under feudalism, science and technology was proceeding
well.  They got hold of a western gun, and rapidly produced large
number of excellent imitations.   Now feudalism in Japan was based
primarily on the fact that a samurai, trained from infancy in the
are of war, wearing carefully tailored armor, could easily defeat
a peasant with a sword.
But they soon realized that guns were equalizers -- that a peasant
with a gun was roughly equal to a samurai with a gun, even though
a peasant with a sword was totally unequal to a samurai with a
sword.  So they banned guns, not only for the peasants, but for
themselves, and ordered a halt to technology.
This coercive reversal of technology was completely effective
until outsiders with guns started knocking on their door.
An even more relevant example is paper.  When paper was first
discovered, the Chinese government, forseeing the revolutionary
threat posed by paper, made it a state monopoly, made private
possession of the knowledge of paper manufacture punishable
by death, castrated those permitted to make paper so that the
knowledge would not be passed from father to son, and successfully
kept paper to themselves for a very long time.
This monopoly was broken when western barbarians kidnapped
some of the eunuchs.  This immediately made woodcut printing
feasible, which had strong revolutionary effects, and eventually
led to moveable type printing, which had even greater revolutionary effects.
Note that the technology did not have revolutionary effects
until it got into the hands of those who had strong moral
beliefs, based on natural law theory, beliefs that led
to the position that the king could not make law as he
pleased, that many actions of the state were unlawful.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1994-12-31 13:54:52
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
According to my former boss, Kevin Welch, the same is true not only
for individual travellers, but for small businesses.
I can see from the letter that you sent before you tried this
experiment, that this is the outcome that you expected.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-02 18:39:55
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
Well Carol, I am sure your heart is in the right place, but I
do not agree.
They should not, and I'd be deranged to say yes.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-02 18:57:12
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
Exactly so.  Surely we are better off with a system that does not
Furthermore, with the current system, entropy works in our favor.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-03 09:51:56
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Press attack on anonymity. 
Yesterday an "opinion" article appeared in the SF Chronicle,
written by some unimportant person who knew absolutely
nothing about the internet.
Today a similar, but better informed article, appeared in
many newspapers, originating from the New York Times.
Articles written for newspapers are written to survive arbitrary
truncation, hence key points first, lesser points later.
The interesting thing is that the two articles, despite different
authors, had equivalent key points, implying that some single higher authority gave out a list of points to be made, but left the headline and overall spin to the columnist.
Indeed, when one reads beyond the key points that were equivalent
in both articles, it is as if one suddenly encounters a different
journalist.  There is an abrupt change of tone and style when one
reads from the uniform part to lesser points.
The key points in both articles are that the government should
do something coercive to stop anonymity on the internet, and that
there is widespread support for such a move.
Note that since both articles are obviously tentacles, there
is a mysterious and anonymous powerful person -- the single
higher authority of which I spoke earlier -- who is
anonymously attacking anonymity.
In my opinion when a mysterious anonymous and powerful voice
proclaims that the government should coerce someone, it is usually
the government speaking  -- a government department with guns is
running up a trial balloon.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-04 10:38:47
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Press attack on anonymity. 
When the government -- or some rogue government department wishing
to expand its role and authority -- wishes to launch a new,
and possibly unpopular, act of coercion, they normally find
some interest group that might be advantaged by that act
of coercion, and boost them up.
Assume the objective is to make the famous information
superhighway into an imitation of Plodigy and existing
media -- in other words ensure that it is dominated
by few to many communications, and that many to many
communications are censored.
The obvious interest group is those who wish to advertise
on the interent as if it was a normal few to many medium.
This assumption makes predictions consistent with what we observe.
I am not unduly worried.   Cantor and Siegal is not a significant interest group.  Furthermore the Republican party is at present in favor of many to many
communications because talk radio was a big factor
in their victory, and the internet was a major factor
in the defeat of Foley.
This is just a small time conspiracy by some ignorant
rogue government department, perhaps the NSA, that does not realize what they are confronting.
When the internet starts to have a serious impact on
government revenues, then I am going to worry.
In addition, many to many communications work primarily
against the Democrats primarily because they are so entrenched in power.  When the Republican party has
been in power a while, they will no longer be so
keen on many to many communication.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-04 11:06:45
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Regulatory Risks 
Criminalize anonymity, and tell the internet providers to figure
out how to enforce it or face confiscation.
After that, they can get involved in the standards business to
ensure that when the current 32 bit internet address space
is upgraded, we go with a system where the technology supports centralized administration rather than anarchy.
They can do it -- but they probably will not.  Recent political
events mean that such actions can only be done on presidential
authority.   It will be impossible to obtain new law to enforce
such measures for at least four years.
There will be eventually a big confrontation between governments
and liberty in cyberspace -- but I doubt that this is it.
This one can be won with a few letters to the editor.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-04 11:13:46
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Anonymity and talk.politics.chinal 
Many of the messages in talk.politics.china are anonymous.
They use anon.penet.fi
Many of these messages are in Chinese, not ASCII.
This is an obvious example of legitimate use of anonymity.
In addition this example makes an association in peoples minds
between suppressing anonymity, and discouraging dissent.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-04 14:47:32
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Siegel and Lewis 
One of the top points was "experts say ....".   Journalists do not quote anonymous "experts" on controversial stuff unless they have marching orders from above.  It is a violation of the standard rules of journalism.  You are always supposed to identify the person allegedly speaking.   "Experts say .." is like "Highly placed sources ...".   You know an official lie issued by the the appropriate department of lies is
about going to follow when you see those words.
This article was no accident of sloppy thinking and editing.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-06 14:19:53
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: for-pay remailers and FV (Was Re: Remailer Abuse) 
First remailer knows you and your FV billing account.  Charges you
its own fee and the fee for all for profit remailers in the list.
(The envelope states what this fee is going to be) Second remailer charges first remailer.
Third remailer charges second remailer.
If the postage on the envelope is insufficient to cover all
the for profit remailers the message passes through, it gets
bounced or dropped.
In principle it could work, But blinded digital cash makes it a lot easier.  (blinded postage stamps)
I would not try to implement it.  Too much like hard work, for
an unnecessarily complex solution.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-06 18:12:40
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Files and mail 
(Long hilarious list of Mike Horwaths's totally unprofessional
behavior deleted  To save bandwidth, just read it twice, or
better still three times.)
A big problem with Netcom is it that it has no web server,
and its ftp server is totally overwhelmed.
I use nw.com for my web pages and netcom for everything else.
Big bandwidth webservice at reasonable rates
Does anyone have a better suggestion?  I have been shopping
around for a reasonably priced 28KB SLIP connection.  Have
not found one yet.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-06 18:26:04
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Files and mail 
When Netcom slows down, this is not because the asshole in charge
is being an asshole.
He may well be an asshole, but the size of netcom protects
me from having to discover this.
This is good for my mental health.  You are totally full of shit.
Mike Horwath was arrogant and unprofessional.  The problems you describe with Netcoms service are entirely
accurate.  I am looking for better solution. Submitting to the authority of an arrogant and incompetent fool does not
seem like a good solution.
He is plainly a fool, because if I had acted as he has acted,
I would certainly not post this all over the place.
Until he posted, I had assumed that Carol was having a hissy fit,
that she was premenstrual or something.
Now I see why she is upset.  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-06 18:44:27
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: for-pay remailers and FV 
It is nothing to do with that confusion.
If they could use blind sigs they would not need a consortium.
The customer would just put the postage inside the envelope, and
each for-pay remailer would just peel of an envelope layer,
and use the postage that the user provided for it.
Chaumian money solves the problems we are discussing.
The problem that we are discussing is how to solve them without using Chaumian money.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-07 22:13:50
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: From me to me to you...The Actual Article 
The world is full of self important assholes.   You will go
mad trying to deal with people like him.
Life is too short.  From time to time post messages belittling
him and his service, and get on with a new service.
If you find a reasonably priced 28KB SLIP connection let me know.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-07 22:23:30
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Big vs Little providers (punkette view) 
Actually you cannot.  No web pages, and their ftp is really bad.
I put my web stuff on Cheap, good bandwidth, but I have trouble getting usage statistics.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we        James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.            jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-09 15:19:01
@_author: James A. Donald 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Racism on the Internet 
Xref: netcom.com alt.internet.services:40076 alt.internet.media-coverage:2932
Path: netcom.com!ix.netcom.com!howland.reston.ans.net!pipex!uunet!nwnexus!news.halcyon.com!usenet
Newsgroups: alt.internet.services,alt.internet.media-coverage
Organization: Memra Software Inc., Armstrong, B.C., Canada
Lines: 36
References: <18570UODGFHLRSDHOUP
NNTP-Posting-Host: halcyon.com
This is forwarded from can.infohighway. Note the quote from Rutkowski
at the bottom. This info should be more generally know on the net.

@_date: 1995-01-10 11:27:40
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: procmail: another question 
"Relatively easy"  -- Relative to the usual venomous Unix user hostile interface that is.   I use procmail, but my local Unix guru does not, even though he has a clear need to do so.
The .procmailrc file is in effect a program, rather than
a bunch of flags.
Every time procmail receives a message it interpretively executes this program, which does a pattern match on the mail, if
it gets a match, passes the mail to some external program,
which may be yet another invocation of procmail executing
a different .rc file.
Now if us windows folk had done it, we would have done
it as visual basic controls and we would have created
an installation program.  Still I must confess, we windows folk have not done it and the unix folk have
done it, so I guess it is score 1 for unix, 0 for
But I guarantee the chairman of the board is not going
to use procmail.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our
property, because of the kind of animals that we    James A. Donald
are.  True law derives from this right, not from    the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-11 21:29:13
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Why not -- sounds cool to me.   It is also very fast, and does not
take much programming.
It will stop all cleartext.  Probably some pictures would get through,
so it would not stop mailbombings, but a volume limitation per apparent user and apparent destination would stop mailbombings.
A volume limitation sounds like a lot of work to program though.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we    are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:04:26
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Multiple symetric cyphers 
The increase in strength, if each cypher was roughly equal,
is merely order n, where n is the number of cyphers.
If, as is likely, one of the cyphers required a billionfold
less power to break than the others, you have decreased
strength by an enormous factor.  The way to increase strength is to use a cypher, such
as IDEA, which has a large key.  Key size will increase
strength by a factor of billions, not a factor of n.
Current key sizes are such that computationally expensive
attacks do not work on symmetric cyphers.  An attack has to be clever.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we    are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:09:07
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Graphics files are already compressed, so they pass the entropy test, but they start with a distinctive header.
The best way to stop graphics would be a volume limit per apparent source and per apparent destination.
To program that is a bit like hard work.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we    are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-12 22:02:15
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Purpose of Data Havens 
Digression:  The interesting thing is that NASA was damn near able
to keep this matter secret despite the projects chief engineer kicking
and screaming.
When Feynman wandered in to Morton Thiokol and started asking questions he was not met with a cover up -- instead he was told the whole story,
complete with the chart that lead the chief booster engineer, with
the support of the entire engineering team, to send email and
written reports that the Challenger would blow up unless the launch
was delayed.
And despite one of the worlds most famous scientists knowing the
truth, and despite the fact that he was the only scientist on
the commission of enquiry, they still might well have kept it quiet
if Feynman had not ambushed them on TV.
And despite Feynmans ambush, they still managed pretty good
damage control.
Of course today such a cover up would never succeed -- someone
would just mail it to the internet, and the story would blow.
But the fact is the cover up largely succeeded despite the efforts
of the Chief engineer (which got him blacklisted) and despite
the theatric efforts of one of the worlds most eminent
scientists, perhaps the most eminent living scientist of that time.
It makes me realize that the world has already changed, vastly
for the better, and those in power do not yet realize it.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we    are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-17 09:00:09
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Scientologys Attempts 
Anybody has the power.  Nobody has the authority.
It should be done only when there is a general consensus,
which is obviously not the case here.
This is a classic case of net abuse.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we  are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-17 10:27:45
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Scientology and remailers. 
Posting the truth about Scientology, in the face of
harassment and threats by scientologists, is an
excellent example of the legitimate use of remailers,
as is alt.abuse.recovery, and talk.politics.china
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we  are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-18 10:42:27
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: 40bit Encryption : Adequate or sadly lacking ? 
Central point software faced this problem.
So they made the encryption features of their product a free
add on, and posted it on bulleting boards with instructions
not to download unless you were an American citizen.
Needless to say these instructions were ignored, surprise Of course this strategy only works if your product is
useful without encryption, and the add on is of limited
use without your product.
I believe that Kevin Welch decided on this strategy.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we  are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-18 11:12:04
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
Eric Hughes says:
Unix is broken.  Windows and DOS are fragile and under construction.
Servers should have built in limits, that cause them to spit back
packets from unknown clients that are unreasonable or strain the
For example an SMTP server should have a default limit on volume
per address and per client, with the user being able to vary
such limits for particular clients or addresses -- trusted or
hostile clients.
At present most unix utilities have arbitrary fixed length internal
buffers for processing variable length fields.  If you overflow the buffer by sending pathological data you will crash the system.  If you know machine code, and you overflow the buffer with carefully chosen data then instead of a random crash you can
get the server to do some particular unexpected thing -- for
example the internet worm caused the server to execute a
file that the mail server had just received.
This is one of many bugs that make attacks possible.
This is a bug.  It can and regularly does crash your
system and cause loss of data even if nobody attacks.
Every flaw in the system causes more havoc by accident
than it does by malice.  The correct solution is not
to create institutions capable of dealing effectively
with hostile acts.   The big problem is bugs that urgently
need fixing.
Now even if all the bugs were fixed some really evil
packet based attacks are still possible, in which case
social action -- cutting the connectivity of a host
that generates bad packets -- is still necessary, but again bad packets are more common by malfunction
than by malice.
This is inaccurate.  Optimal solutions to the routing problem are
mathematically intractable.  Tolerable solutions are mathematically
tractable.  For realistic routing problems, tractable approximations
are only worse than an optimal solution by a modest factor.
There are real world problems where tractable approximations
are not good enough, but routing is not one of them.
Of course I am sure Perry is correct when he says that
the tractable approximations that we are currently using fail to scale, but this is not a fundamental unsolved problem in mathematics -- it is merely yet another bug.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
We have the right to defend ourselves and our       property, because of the kind of animals that we  are.  True law derives from this right, not from    James A. Donald
the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.        jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-19 19:52:47
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
Best.com offers a dedicated 28.8kB line connection to the internet with $450 setup charge and $60 a month connect charge.  This
is a permanent connection, not a dial up connection.
This works out to $720 per year, plus setup charge.
This is as cheap as it gets for a box on the internet.
Now this is OK if one wishes to run linux, and have a
remailer as one hobby in addition to the main use of the
box, but it is still a bit much to pay for a dedicated Now I just do not like linux.  Sure it is a great
operating system but it will not run codewright
(Vi causes mental degeneration.  Even though I detest,
loath, and hate vi, vi takes up so much brainspace that
I find myself issueing vi commands in editors that I use much more, and vastly prefer to vi.  Vi is evil.)
Therefore there is no way in the world I am going to
waste a full internet connection and a PC on linux.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-20 18:23:18
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney? Why not a web of debt? 
I believe that the point that anonymous was making is that if
everyone is their own bank and their own currency issuer,
then identity based cash is just as resistant to state power,
and perhaps more resistant, than anonymous cash.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-22 14:19:51
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Anti-porn conference in Manila 
These international conferences are usually held in pleasant
tourist spots, and most of the participants usually members
of QUANGOs -- nominally private organizations that directly
or indirectly receive large amounts of government funds.
The major tourist attraction of the Phillipines is of course
the large number of whores available at very cheap prices -- many
of them extremely young.
Now the American religious right receives very little money
from the government (as yet) so I doubt there are too many
US Christian rightists attending the conference.
Both Australia and England have government established
religions, so I expect there was a major turn out from
those two nations.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-22 14:34:16
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: "Internetpol" 
I find that most statists on the internet assume that the internet
is some kind of government service.
When they discover that it is not, they wonder how it can possibly
exist, and assume it will soon collapse.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-22 17:51:22
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: T.A.Z. on Disk 
Bey sings the line that good is no different from evil, feeling
is better than thinking, and truth indistinguishable from lies.
Sounds like a pile of crap to me.  Still,  I suppose that feelings
and lies are a poets job.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-23 00:15:41
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Anti-porn conference in Manila 
Church of England in Australia was, and I believe still is, government funded by the Australian government.
Furthermore when my kids went to government school in NSW, Australia,
they were taught Church of England religion by my neighbor, Mrs Law, in school, in the classroom.  If it quacks like a duck ...
I was unaware of the portion of the constitution that you mention.
I suspect that the government and the church are none to clear on it
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-23 22:32:46
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Anti-porn conference in Manila 
Establishing a religion is usually an act of hostility towards religion,
not an act of support
He who pays controls.
Recollect how the Church of England originally came to be established?
The King put the church on his payroll, after confiscating its independent sources of revenue.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-24 11:58:38
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Clinton freezes U.S. assets of Mideast groups 
The Eurodollar market got started because Russia feared arbitrary confiscation of its dollar bank accounts.
In the West, we see governments arbitrarily and
capriciously stealing financial assets.
As a result first world banking no longer has a large
advantage over third world banking.
This will eventually inject serious money into cyberspace
financial institutions -- once they exist, run smoothly,
have credible audit trails and a reputation.
At present it seems to me that unix machines on the internet
are intrinsicly insecure -- the methods used to secure them
are a collection of ad hoc patches.  For example all
unix machines are vulnerable to the trojan
horse attack.
(I expect the usual flame from Perry that I am stupifyingly
ignorant and that that is all fixed or will be shortly

@_date: 1995-01-24 18:44:20
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Shell's authentication needs 
You do not need to trust the time stamper at all, because from time
to time he publishes a one way checksum of everything he has
time stamped, or rather the audit trail for everything he
has time stamped.
So if the credibility of his stamp is questioned he just produces
the audit trail, and you know that the audit trail must have been created at the time claimed, because its checksum was
published at the time claimed.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-25 00:56:28
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
This assumes that governments have the necessary wisdom
to tell a bad architect from a good architect.   This does
not seem very plausible.
What most people would do is look at the certificate issued by
various certifying organizations  -- for example the doctores
While universities often issue or refrain from issuing certificates
for corrupt and improper reasons, government supervision on this matter is unlikely to keep them honest --- indeed it is more likely
to force them to be dishonest, or to force them to deny their own
sound judgment in favor of arbitrary and foolish criteria imposed
by some ignorant and arrogant bureaucrat.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-25 11:14:47
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
Why, we have the credentials and audits of these organizations and
individuals checked by a being of godlike wisdom far superior
to that of us ordinary mortals -- namely that god on earth,
the government.
What makes you assume that guns make people wise and virtuous?
Common sense and casual observation does not support this hypothesis.
I recommend you read the excellent book on free banking
sold by Laissez Faire:  I do not remember their web
site, but I have a pointer to them in my home page. (see sig)
It details the sorry tale of government supervision of banks --
which invariably had the effect of the state governments robbing
the banks, or protecting well connected crooks who robbed the
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-26 14:44:59
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Even more unix holy war.  Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
Thanks for the entertainment Perry.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-27 13:34:39
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: I Apologise for explosive vomiting. 
Sorry:  I got flamed for laughing at Perry's rather silly statement
that unix is as easy as DOS.
They asked me to produce evidence.
Since I was working on my unix Sun Sparc Station 20 at the time  (with extreme reluctance), and I had just used
what unix folk humorously call their command line editor, so I suffered from explosive vomiting, and vomited all over the cypherpunks mailing list.
After the first bout of explosive vomit, I returned to work, whereupon
the unix "High Performance" files system lost one of my files,
producing the second round of explosive vomit.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-27 13:41:29
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
Use the command deltree /y.  Or any of the cool third party
utilities, or the windows file manager which offers a true
hierarchical view unlike the hierarchical view offered by
the sun OS file manager.
I wonder how I have been compiling my files all these years.
I use make and nmake to do any non procedural task in DOS that
involves file dates and file existence, not just to compile files.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-27 19:00:05
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: DONT READ -- Continuing James Donald flamewar 
I know what a Locale is:
The fact that you confuse this with the internationalization
problem shows that most unix folk have no tools for this problem,
so that the idea of tools that address it is inconceivable
to them.
Typical primitive unix mentality.   I would expect no better
of someone who is unaware that the times have changed since
the days when the PC world did not have make files (because
our programs were so small we did not need them.)
I will explain this to you in simple terms:
To facilitate internationalization, everything that is translatable, for example dialogs, buttons, etc, has to
be in one set of files, and everything that should not
be translated needs to be in another set of files.
If you do this by hand you get an immense number of
connections between the two file sets, and the possibility
of many subtle bugs being introduced when one set
of files is translated.
Therefore your tools for painting dialog boxes and menus etc.
must work in such a way as to facilitate separation and translation, which is done in windows by having *.rc files
that get translated, and *.c files that do not.
In Unix each company seems to have its own hand rolled tools
to accomplish this task, or no tools at all -- they do it
by hand.
(Somebody sent me a letter saying that Next Step supports
graphical editing of dialog boxes.  While this is an important
part of internationalizability, it is not internationalizability.
For example Visual Basic also supports graphical editing of dialog boxes,
yet it does not support internationalization in the way that
App Studio and Resource Workshop do.)
You display profound ignorance Perry
We in the DOS world have been using make ever since we had enough
memory to make it worth while.
Furthermore the "make" bug that I complained of, shows typical unix
shoddiness.  Unix tools have sharp edges in the wrong places.
It is these unexpected sharp edges, like chain saw with no
handle, that make unix hard to use.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-29 15:33:40
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: DONT READ -- Continuing James Donald flamewar 
Notice that my thread title -- was humorous and self mocking
"Even more holy wars on unix", and that the articles that I posted were very funny.
Whereas Perry -- the salesman who refused to take yes for ananswer when dealing with Netscape --  is filled with passionate rage.
What is up Perry -- do you have piles, or is the sawdust and chickenshit diet putting your temper on a short fuse?
One can reasonably argue, as he is now arguing, that unix is a good modern development environment.  I think he is wrong -- I was amused at how unix folk were impressed at how I casually put up windows gui interface for a throwaway program that would
only be used once.
But it is a position that a rational person could reasonably believe, and might reasonably argue if this was the GUI development list and not the cypherpunks list.
But to claim, as some have claimed, that unix is as user friendly as Windows or the Mac, when suitably configured -- is a sign of utter irrationality that shows that those who assert such a fantastic claim are incapable or rational thought or rational
discussion on the topic.
The letters I have received also give ample evidence that those who hold this view are incapable of rational discussion on the matter.
The Holy bible attitude to unix is illustrated by the fact that the most flagrant and outrageous unix bugs are held to be correct behavior by definition -- "Unix does this, therefore it is right, and if you destroy your files as a result of this behavior then unix is right, and you are wrong."
Now one can argue that unix has bugs and DOS has bugs, but unix people, or at least those of them so irrational as to make the claim that Unix is user friendly, confronted with a unix bug, proclaim that the bug is is right, and DOS is wrong for not having the bug.
For example I received numerous letters arguing that the
the unix "mv" command is more powerful than the separate
DOS "replace" and "rename" commands.
This is like arguing that a combination hairbrush and chainsaw is more powerful than having two separate
tools, one a hairbrush and one a chainsaw.  One can
plausibly claim that such a tool is indeed powerful,
but that is hardly the point.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-29 16:41:18
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: alt.religion.your.operating.system.sucks 
The above appears to have been written with the complete
seriousness and genuine sincerity that is usual among unix
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-29 16:46:11
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: alt.religion.your.operating.system.sucks 
There are some communities of software developers that have this strange belief that program behavior should conform to user
expectations instead of the user conforming to the program
Your other remarks are rational, relevant, appropriate, and correct,
but this remark illustrates magnificently why unix is
still user hostile after all these years.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-30 10:45:48
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: alt.religion.your.operating.system.sucks 
Perry,  I listed a huge number of the things that anonymous
is complaining about, under the thread heading "Even more holy war on unix"
I listed them precisely in response to flames like yours
challenging me to name such things.
If you ask "Such as" then someone is going to answer again.
The Holy Warriors of the Sacred Unix demand facts, then
scream like nasty children when someone answers this demand.
They say "Put up or shut up", and then send a torrent of savage hate mail when somebody puts up.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-01-31 00:43:09
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: The RSA FAQ on http://www.catalog.com/jamesd/rsafaq.html 
Chris converted the RSA FAQ to html for easy reading.
I have placed this faq on  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-01 00:11:56
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: The security characteristics of crypto modules with secrets 
The model does not work, because that is not what we
want to do.
True:  Matt's proposal cannot authenticate a machine.  But
one does not really want to authenticate a machine.  One
wants to authenticate data, that one might choose
to transmit from that machine.  For this purpose a tamper resistant crypto module that can be connected to a machine, but which is under user
control, not under the control of the machine, is the
only totally bullet proof solution.
Of course expensive tamper proof crypto modules already exist:  A Dos computer in a room with a key, running virtually no network software and possessing almost no utilities, though
doubtless what Matt had in mind was a PCI card that one
could keep in ones wallet.
This does not make sense:  The advantage of a tamper resistant module
is that if somebody physically gets to the system, he still cannot
get the key.  But if he physically gets to the router, he can
make it do his will, even if he does not get the key.  So one
might as well have the key in software in the router.
If the router is hard to subvert, and the attacker cannot physically get to it, then there is little need for a separate
tamper resistant module.  Software will do fine.
If the router can be got at, you are stuffed regardless, tamper
resistant module or not.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-05 22:58:47
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Judge not... 
Seems thoroughly sane.
In other words, it is a list for net vigilantes.
Sounds reasonable to me.  We need net vigilantes and we need
them to talk to each other.
Why should anyone object to this?
Enforcers are self appointed:  How else should anarchy work?
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-06 20:46:27
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: (dis)advantages of DC-Net vs remailers 
Not so -- you merely have to broadcast to enough people.  But then the topology, and hence the complexity, gets worse.
This however merely reduces the bandwidth waste from n^2 to n*lg(n)
A further wrinkle -- forming DC nets of DC nets, can reduce the
bandwidth waste to lg(n)^2, which should scale adequately to cover
the cosmos, but then the complexity gets really scary.
And when you try to figure how to deal with denial of service
attacks in a big DC net that tries to use bandwidth with
tolerable efficiency -- I don't know if anyone has figured out
what would be involved -- I certainly have not.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-06 20:55:55
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: "encrypt tcp connections" hacks 
Some software needs more than others.
Central Points desktop for windows -- a very complex and powerful product, had quite low help line costs.
On the other hand the messy and confused windows internet utilities,
produced by diverse people, often crudely ported from Unix by shareware operators who could not afford the time and effort for a proper setup program, or crudely ported by people who may have been Unix experts but most obviously were not windows
experts, (example: ftp softwares terminal emulator) are a total disaster, and this is why the help cost for SLIP lines is so  ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-08 12:02:56
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-08 12:25:23
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
(A) by striking out `telephone' in the matter above
        subparagraph (A) and inserting `telecommunications device';  (B) by striking out `makes any comment, request,
        suggestion, or proposal' in subparagraph (A) and inserting
        `makes, transmits, or otherwise makes available any comment, request,
                ^^^^^^^^^^
         suggestion, proposal, image, or other communication'; This appears to make ISP's responsible for content.
It makes them responsible for something that they cannot control without violating people privacy.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-08 17:42:41
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Judges-L FAQ 
I am entirely sympathetic to the judges, but obviously we need
to keep an eye on them.
Their attempt to restrict circulation of their FAQ fails to
inspire confidence.  It is supiciously reminiscent of what the Church of Scientology is up to.
But I repeat, I think that the judges list is necessary
and desirable, so long as they remember they are self
appointed and do not start to imagine that they are
the "official" judges.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-09 15:13:35
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
Exon, who is the primary sponsor and spokesman for the "Communications Decency Act" is a tax-and-spend Democrat.
This conforms to my expectations, prejudices, and assumptions
about the way the world works.
I assume your prejudices are different.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-10 18:08:13
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: why pgp sucks 
We already have a centralized, for profit, key distribution system.
If they make money off it, there will be more of them, they
will provide better service, and it will in due course
become a distributed key distribution system.
I notice that it is possible to have thread titled "Why PGP sucks" without Holy Warriors leaping into the fray.
This is a marked contrast with certain other topics. Possibly the level of heat is inversely proportional
to the level of knowledge.  (I.e. it is safe to have
such a thread title because in this list we have
many people with considerable knowledge of several
different crypto systems, and who have spent considerable thought on the various possibilities.)
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-12 17:09:06
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
Most cryptosystems that we seem to use are based
on the assumption that factoring large numbers is a Hard Problem.  Isn't
this putting all our eggs in one basket?  Are there other Hard Problems
crypto systems can be based on?
There is of course the discrete log problem - DH and all that.
Unfortunately, although the discrete log problem has not been
shown to be equivalent to the factoring problem, every factoring advance immediately leads to a corresponding
discrete log advance and vice versa, and the two problems
take a very similar length of time to solve, suggesting
that the two problems have some deep equivalence.
So far no one has found a way of applying NP problems to
And that pretty much wraps it up.
There are of course a lot of hard problems that are not NP,
yet probably take exponential time, but obviously you
want a well understood problem that is part of conventional
This narrows the field rather drastically.
Discrete log and factoring pretty much covers it.
Of course you can do discrete log on weird fields -- there
is a lot of research in that which I do not understand at all.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-12 17:13:08
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
This is news to me!
I am fairly sure that factoring and discrete log are *not*
NP complete, and indeed there is no known way to use
NP complete problems for crypto.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-13 06:30:54
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: UMich student arrested for rape story 
I am sick to the back teeth of people writing "This is not cryto related,
so I should be allowed to have last word."
This is irritating, offensive, and hypocritical.
In addition the claims you make are entirely false, but I wont rebut
them because you have wandered considerably further from crypto and
privacy than did the post that you are replying to.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd

@_date: 1995-02-13 17:53:17
@_author: "James A. Donald" 
@_subject: Re: EPIC to Debate Exon on CNN 
You expected something different from "EPIC"?
Cypherpunks are supposed to be paranoid.  You are
not paranoid enough.
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
  We have the right to defend ourselves     |   and our property, because of the kind     |  of animals that we are. True law          |   James A. Donald
derives from this right, not from the     |  arbitrary power of the omnipotent state.  |   jamesd
