
@_date: 1993-10-07 18:19:21
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Newbie reading: Bamberg 
Newbie cypheroids and cypherettes,
Tim May has pointed to _The Puzzle Palace_ by Bamberg several times here
and on the Extropians list. If like me you're a newbie, it's a quick,
excellent read. Don't miss it. It'll give context for the quote, "gentlemen
don't read each other's mail."
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-07 19:50:36
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: Bamford's "The Puzzle Palace" 
ooops, Tim's right. I was listening to David Bromberg (urg?) while writing
that post and it slipped out. Thanks, Tim.
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-09 11:39:32
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: Safe and fun environment? 
[Cypherlings, excuse the bandwidth]
As a fresh newbie allow me to react for the record to your recent post.
I've never found a safe and fun environment anywhere, anytime if I looked
closely enough to see what was going on; hence I never expect it anywhere,
My questions have been answered graciously, thoroughly, and when I've been
corrected, I should've been due to inattentive typing (e.g., author's
Movement? Like in 'bowel'? I don't see the elitest approach; from my
perspective it looks like people with knowledge being exasperated when
others want private tutoring and don't RTFM. I'm pretty much the same way
in my areas of expertise.
Let me get this straight -- you're claiming property rights to spontaneous
behavior of other individuals?
It's been good for me. Why do you think that might be?
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-18 00:37:10
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: on anonymity, identity, reputation, and spoofing 
Each of these suggestions call for data that may contribute to identifying
individuals, tracking their behavior or providing information useful to
decypher some messages. This has a very NSA feel to it. Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-18 20:07:20
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Shockwave Rider ( True Names, Enders Game, Islands In The Net) 
Brunner's _The Shockwave Rider_ is also recommended readings, especially
for those most concerned with nyms, access rights/abilities and the net.
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-18 20:07:25
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Nickname Nyms 
Pseudonyms are an everyday occurrence. The net just takes these things a
step further. At present, this is a quantitative, not necessarily
qualitative, distinction.
Many of us have nicknames; some easily derived from True Names (Jim from
James) others not so easily derived (Peggy from Margaret).
Many athletes have field nicknames, often which change every season, that
enable person to person communication on the field of play due to
familiarity of calling voice and nym. Opponents (often last year's former
teammates) don't know the nym and their chatter used to spoof ("Jamie, on
your right!) when the ball is actually on your left is easily filtered.
Performers often use nyms because they have a certain cachet: Rock Hudson,
Englebert Humperdink, Elton John. Writers use pen names.
Reputations are built around some of these names. Communication immediacy
works in other instances. And, pseudonymity allows others to go into malls
without being mobbed (e.g., well known radio personalities). Three cheers for Zachary Fox and the First Extropian Squirrel.  Nyms are
part of day to day discourse.
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA  (almost a true name)
Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-19 14:22:25
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: S Boxx blathering 
Seems there's more to the story. Borg do exhibit collective intelligence.
Punksters, it's such a feeling of raw power over lesser intelligences

@_date: 1993-10-20 23:47:55
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: Something Silly, Something Serious 
Tim May writes (and then Jamie takes a bend toward CypherRapture):
Tim's got a point. Why would Tim create the nym Jamie Dinkelacker? With so
many names to pick from, why pick one that is already in use and is fairly
visible in other networks (e.g., extropians, nano)? Perhaps LD didn't check
them, but others on the list are aware. Isn't it interesting that when a
writer doesn't know that two persons are different individuals, it's easy
to presume that when they agree in print or simply discuss similar topics,
that this implies nym-hood? Fascinating: This isn't a surface event.
The issue here is a root failing of LD's cognizance and scope to simply
check things out. Readers in the Bay Area or LA may have seen stuff Jamie
Dinkelacker has written in _Microtimes_, or in the _Foresight Update_, or
if you read the academic communication and mass media literature, there as
well. Plus, I'm a fairly voluble fellow speaking at conferences, trade
shows, some local discussion groups and the like. No, Jamie isn't an AI,
nor does he play one on the net. (Maybe someday...)  I've not used net nym.
What struck me about LD's vacuous pleas and S.Boxx's vapid rants was the
essential disturbed and juvenile nature they projected, hoping to ensure a
cause of CypherRapture (following CryptoAnarchy, natch) warranting true
names without ever any spoofing or deception. I have made a standing offer
to take S.Boxx to lunch (provided s/he eats with a fork and isn't already
out to lunch).
But spoofing and deception are not the same: more importantly, neither is
an emergent element of pseudonymity, anonymous remailers, or cypherjocks. I
found Blacknet to be entertaining. It seemed natural this has been going on
for years.  As far as deception, it's a matter of degree. It's common in
nature, sports, business, ... . I'm not advocating it -- but I accept it as
a fact of living in modern times.
This has been a good experience for me, and has raised many issues in the
big Venn of CryptoAnarchy: who owns their name, for how long, does it
matter? ... Who can tell the difference? Which John Smith is that?
... Tim continues ...
I don't know if there is a Cypherpunk's cause. I doubt there's a movement,
but that's separate from my holding a belief that crypto and nyms and
digital cash and privacy and emergent social structures are crucial to a
preferable form of human survival.
With the net, we have a wonderous tool and opportunity. But the world isn't
a safe place. Every time I put a finger or toe into the lovely pacific
ocean I'm keenly aware of quickly entering the food chain at a much lower
point. These are times of challenge, to develop new tools and fresh
perspectives. But many elements of human nature remain the same.
I thank the Cypherpunks for writing code. I don't (anymore): I write words,
make videos and build organizations. We do need the code. We also need to
push at the edges of our understanding of social dynamics. And S.Boxx
clearly illustrated that puerile visciousness, wounded animal frenzy, and
pathetic behavior are also here in this new world. One of the brave ones,
s/he isn't. And Cypherpunks' creations even protect the likes of S.Boxx.
Reminiscent of Voltaire, yes?
Thanks for the bandwidth. If anyone would like to continue this, perhaps
moving it to the Extropians list would be reasonable.
James Dinkelacker (True name)
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA  (almost a true name)
Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-24 18:08:45
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Content vanquishes PSEUDOSPOOFING 
Members of the True Cause and Final Movement:
Someplace in all this 'pseudospoofing' bandwidth, maybe once in a while,
it's worth looking at the _content_ of a message. Some mail I read, some I don't; but when I do, I attend to the content. If
it's interesting, or new, or informative, or funny, or sometimes pathetic,
I pay attention. I don't care who/what wrote it. I'll make my own decisions
whether it's news or entertainment, science or fiction. To quote Whitehead,
"Ideas have consequences." (So does behavior.)
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-24 23:58:40
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: A favor re Detweiler (ha ha ha) 
Hal Finney says:
Hello, world.
Here's a novel thought:  let's cut to the chase. My phone number is in my .sig block. Tim's in his. Call each of us
back-to-back and have a 3 minute conversation with each. If the caller
can't tell that we are different individuals, well ... . Do we sound the
same? Are there accents? What about our speech speed and rhythm? Word
choice? Sentence structure?
If this is an issue to Detweiler, why hasn't he put his suppositions to the
test by picking up the phone and, like a responsible adult, identifying
himself for a conversation. Instead, we get net.waste.bandwidth. The only
person to resolve this is Detweiler (unless Sniveling.Boxx takes me up on
my lunch offer and could then vouch for the distinctions between me and
Tim). If Detweiler really wanted to know the answer, he could find out for
himself. Why should others support his "learned helplessness?" The only reason Detweiler has not executed this test is that he avoids truth.
Is Detweiler aka Sternlight? Is that what's really being hidden? Is this
all a deception distracting us from the NSA/Straumli perversion? I don't
care about his anguish because I personally believe he's fabricated it to
toy with us and distract us. But, I must admit, if I'm to be associated with anybody, Tim's not a bad
choice: he's brilliant, articulate, wealthy, independent, good-looking and
has great taste in music and friends. Not bad things to be nymed with.
Hal, I invite your call. Call me mid-mornings PDT. As you know by private
email I've sent you, I truly appreciate your posts and learn from them.
Call me for a chat. Find out for yourself.
C'mon Detweiler, cut to the chase and face the truth. Sheeesh, how can we
miss you if you don't go away? ... (sigh).
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-10-25 02:15:13
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Thanks for the exposure 
Still posting my phone number, asshole? Are you really trying to pick a
fight? Do you truly want to see how I can squash a bug like thee? Better
start looking over your shoulder.
Don't forget, gutless wonder, I CONTROL YOU.
You will never forget me. You can't touch a keyboard without thinking of
me. I control you. And always will.
You no longer have any independent thought.
I lead my life of wonder; filled with friends and play. You are
insignificant, and don't cross my mind until someone tells me of your
posts. But you have no choice but to sit and think of me. I control you.
Everytime you see the word "cypherpunks" you'll know I control you. And I
always will. Everytime you hear a modem or see an ethernet cable, you'll
know I control you.
Soon, you'll be able to think of nothing but me, and then the control will
be complete.
Get a life, asshole.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-10-27 11:02:40
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: My Views on the Detweiler Matter 
Cypheroids and Cypherettes,
The eventual recognition that names are symbol strings and not their
referents is akin to the realization that the map not being the terrrtory.
Yep, sometimes we just keep learning the same old lesson.
The Detweiler/Boxx rants have the flavor of a reformed alcoholic
distrupting the champagne toast at a wedding, selfishly driven by their
world view and utterly unaware of the social dynamics around them. But
aside from the rantings, pleas for TrueNameUtopia in CypherSociety, and
threats, I sense something else. Take your pick of remark -- "thou doth
protesteth too much," or "where there's smoke there's fire," or ... . Seems
to me that the essential raison d'etre of L.Detweiler and S.Boxx (and even
sometimes The SternLight himself) is purposive to distract c'punks from
"writing code" or essays or having fun. This is basic motivated deception
used in sports, business and the military ... get the opponent to do
something else ...
Here's one interpretation: if c'punks weren't pushing the envelope in
creating both tools and understanding for things like cryptography,
anonymous remailers and digital cash, nor pushing the social bounds through
BlackNet, Nyms, Sam Hill, and May's CryptoAnarchy, the Detweiler nonsense
wouldn't have emerged. A nerve has been struck; and this seems, in the big
picture, to be A Good Thing.
I've no doubt that to the true statists, fascists and communists, we are
their vision of hell. On the other side of this, they will no longer be the
only ones to hide behind anomynity, pull their secret strings, and
pronounce agents of change as Evil Incarnate. We stand at the threshold of a new world, in large part to be enabled by
cryptography. As "The Net" expands, dark fiber becomes illuminated, online
markets flourish and the like, cryptography will be key for economic
survival, and it will be in the hands (or machines) of The People, not The
If such great progress wasn't being made toward providing for personal
privacy, the L.Detweiler-Boxxs of the Net would be ranting about something
else. So each rant underscores how significant the progress in cryptography
is becoming; and it will become more so.  In a nutshell, three cheers for
c'punks. Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-11-09 09:58:39
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: Nymalizer, politics on the list 
greg (Greg Broiles)
Try the Extropians list. Y'all come!
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-11-16 21:54:16
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: INTEREST? True Nyms 
Aside from the flamebait puke of the COLORADO CRAZIE, the cypherpunks list
doesn't seem to be an optimum forum for dicussion of false names, true
nyms, multiple personality entropy, blah blah.
Yet, I find it a fascinating topic. Anyone here interested?
[pointer --> extropians-request
My apologies to subscribers of both the Extropian and Cypherpunk lists who
received this message twice.
Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782

@_date: 1993-11-22 18:07:43
@_author: Jamie Dinkelacker 
@_subject: Re: Can NSA crack PGP? 
Irrespective of whether the NSA can crack PGP, most other potential snoops
probably can't. Let's hope there's no "chilling effect" on PGP usage
because it may not be perfect. Few things are. "Pretty good" likely means
just that. Jamie Dinkelacker   Palo Alto CA Jamie    415.941.4782
