
@_date: 1996-12-20 11:38:49
@_author: Jazzmin Belle Sommers 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
chop chop chop
I have been using some shareware that simply has a built-in counter.  Once
the counter runs out, you have to register.  I would suppose that one could
hack the code to find the counter, assuming you could decompile it (or
wanted to).
Personally I think this is a decent solution to the problem -- the counter
on this particular software let you use it 50 times.  That's adequate to
determine whether you want to keep it or not.
Of course, if you saved the .zip file to disk before you installed it, you
could delete the copy and reinstall the .zip.  But everyone knows this.
Jazzmin Sommers

@_date: 1996-12-22 22:46:09
@_author: Jazzmin Belle Sommers 
@_subject: Re: "the world is half women..." 
them, they are
Oh, THANK YOU SO MUCH for discussing us in the third person.  Guess what.
There ARE women on the list (myself being one of them).  (I thought that the
men/women ratio was more like 46/54.)
(chop -- those issues being libertarianism and other political
nonsequiters.) (FYI:  I'm a political science major and the secretary of the
OU College Libertarians, neener neener.)
couple of active women subscribers at any given moment.)
This particular woman says that it's sooooo tiresome to wade through a lot
of posturing and (even worse) the "me-toos" wherein people quote the entire
post and then say, oh, yeah, I agree with that also.  It's soooo easy to
quit even reading the threads and just delete the whole thing.
SUBTLE HINT MODE ON
(Ah, so what do you propose, then, Miss Smartypants?) (AHEM!  It's my brain
that's smart, you lecher!)  I'm on other lists and I've noticed that when
they go to digest form much of the me-too-ness drops out.  Is it that
important to get 100 emails a day, if 80% of it is crap?
Now, this part might sound more "womanish" -- it's nice to get an idea of
the people posting, and have PRIVATE conversations.  Most people don't care
to see blanc and dale bash it out over fifteen posts.  It's junk mail
littering our in boxes!  It's TASTELESS!
...furthermore, it's not cool.  [Rabid soapboxing about what is and isn't
cool omitted.]
Oh, yes you do.  Consider yourself lectured.  Stick to the topics, or stray
on a RELATED subject.  Jess Dubroff ISN'T.  Complicitous news media IS.
ENOUGH!  No followup posts!  Take my advice and smoke it!  Er, wait.  That
doesn't sound right.  And for those of you who are just WAITING to flame me,
don't bother.  I'm not a feminazi, not an "uppity woman", just a chick
who'll {spontaneous hot-tempered threats deleted upon second thought}.
Email privately if you care to respond.
Jazz Sommers

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:58:07
@_author: Jazzmin Belle Sommers 
@_subject: ssn hack 
This was so simple, it still confounds me.
I was asked for my social security number whilst writing a check last night
(my driver license doesn't have it on there).  I just said, "oh, I don't
have one, I'm not a citizen."
She bought it!  I got asked where I belonged to, so I said Germany (not
actually a lie, it's my heritage).  Next time I think I'll say Belgium.
What's that itty bitty country between France and Spain?  Angorra?  Yeah.
That's it.
I still find that the best line of defense regarding privacy is a complete
second identity.  Does anyone know how to apply for proper papers (taxpayer
ID checking account, picture ID of some sort) for a second identity?  As
far as I know, it is not illegal to have one, as long as it is not used for
fraud.  I'm an artist, yeah, that's it.
What, you really think someone's actual name is Jazzmin Belle Sommers?  Get
outta town!

@_date: 1997-07-07 16:11:58
@_author: Jazzmin Belle Sommers 
@_subject: No Subject 
I know some of you are into goth and stuff, and since this list almost never
talks about things related to cypherpunkery I thought I'd pop in something
vaguely relevant.
31 Oct in OKC there's a masquerade ball/costume contest/art show/etc for
those interested in the RPG "Kindred".  Email if interested, otherwise ignore.
anyone know of a good goth site to link a web page to?  (It's not up yet.)
jazzmin sommers
"Work is the curse of the drinking classes."
        Oscar Wilde
