
@_date: 1993-04-16 13:54:23
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: EFF crypto statement and press release 
April 16, 1993
INITIAL EFF ANALYSIS OF CLINTON PRIVACY AND SECURITY PROPOSAL
The Clinton Administration today made a major announcement on cryptography
policy which will effect the privacy and security of millions of Americans.
 The first part of the plan is to begin a comprehensive inquiry into major
communications privacy issues such as export controls which have
effectively denied most people easy access to robust encryption, and law
enforcement issues posed by new technology.
However, EFF is very concerned that the Administration has already reached
a conclusion on one critical part of the inquiry, before any public comment
or discussion has been allowed.  Apparently, the Administration is going to
use its leverage to get all telephone equipment vendors to adopt a voice
encryption standard developed by the National Security Agency.  The
so-called "Clipper Chip" is an 80-bit, split key escrowed encryption scheme
which will be built into chips manufactured by a military contractor.  Two
separate escrow agents would store users' keys, and be required to turn
them over law enforcement upon presentation of a valid warrant.  The
encryption scheme used is to be classified, but the chips will be available
to any manufacturer for incorporation into its communications products.
     This proposal raises a number of serious concerns .
First, the Administration has adopted a solution before conducting an
inquiry.  The NSA-developed Clipper Chip may not be the most secure
product. Other vendors or developers may have better schemes. Furthermore,
we should not rely on the government as the sole source for the Clipper or
any other chips.  Rather, independent chip manufacturers should be able to
produce chipsets based on open standards.
Second, an algorithm cannot be trusted unless it can be tested. Yet, the
Administration proposes to keep the chip algorithm classified.  EFF
believes that any standard adopted ought to be public and open.  The public
will only have confidence in the security of a standard that is open to
independent, expert scrutiny.  Third, while the use of the use of a split-key, dual escrowed system may
prove to be a reasonable balance between privacy and law enforcement needs,
the details of this scheme must be explored publicly before it is adopted. What will give people confidence in the safety of their keys?  Does
disclosure of keys to a third party waive an individual's Fifth Amendment
rights in subsequent criminal inquiries?  These are but a few of the many
questions the Administrations proposal raised but fails to answer.
In sum, the Administration has shown great sensitivity to the importance of
these issues by planning a comprehensive inquiry into digital privacy and
security.  However, the "Clipper Chip" solution ought to be considered as
part of the inquiry, and not be adopted before the discussion even begins.
DETAILS OF THE PROPOSAL:
The 80-bit key will be divided between two escrow agents, each of whom hold
40-bits of each key.  The manufacturer of the communications device would
be required to register all keys with the two independent escrow agents.  A
key is tied to the device, however, not the person using it.
Upon presentation of a valid court order, the two escrow agents would have
to turn the key parts over to law enforcement agents.  According to the
Presidential Directive just issued, the Attorney General will be asked to
identify appropriate escrow agents.  Some in the Administration have
suggested that one non-law enforcement federal agency (perhaps the Federal
Reserve), and one non-governmental organization could be chosen, but there
is no agreement on the identity of the agents yet.
CLASSIFIED ALGORITHM AND THE POSSIBILITY OF BACK DOORS
The Administration claims that there are no back doors -- means by which
the government or others could break the code without securing keys from
the escrow agents -- and that the President will be told there are no back
doors to this classified algorithm.  In order to prove this, Administration
sources are interested in arranging for an all-star crypto cracker team to
come in, under a security arrangement, and examine the algorithm for trap
doors.  The results of the investigation would then be made public.
The Clipper Chipset was designed and is being produced and a sole-source,
secret contract between the National Security Agency and two private firms:
 VLSI and Mycotronx.  NSA work on this plan has been underway for about
four years.  The manufacturing contract was let 14 months ago.
GOVERNMENT AS MARKET DRIVER
In order to get a market moving, and to show that the government believes
in the security of this system, the feds will be the first big customers
for this product.  Users will include the FBI, Secret Service, VP Al Gore,
and maybe even the President.  At today's Commerce Department press
briefing, a number of people asked this question, though:  why would any
private organization or individual adopt a classified standard that had no
independent guaranty of security or freedom from trap doors?
COMPREHENSIVE POLICY INQUIRY
The Administration has also announced that it is about to commence an
inquiry into all policy issues related to privacy protection, encryption,
and law enforcement.  The items to be considered include:  export controls
on encryption technology and the FBI's Digital Telephony Proposal.  It
appears that the this inquiry will be conducted by the National Security
Council.  Unfortunately, however, the Presidential Directive describing the
inquiry is classified.  Some public involvement in the process has been
promised, but they terms have yet to be specified.
FROM MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
Jerry Berman, Executive Director (jberman
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel (djw
Full text of the Press releases and Fact Sheets issued by the
Administration will be available on EFF's ftp site.
PRESS RELEASE
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:  April 16, 1993
Electronic Frontier Foundation responds to Clinton Administration Digital
Privacy and Security proposals.
EFF Chairman Mitchell Kapor praises process but questions need for secret
The Clinton Administration today made a major announcement on privacy and
security for electronic communications including regular and cellular
phones.  Mitchell Kapor, EFF Chairman of the Board, praised Administration
efforts to study comprehensive solutions to privacy problems, but
questioned the specific solution which the government is seeking to impose.
"The Administration is to be commended for launching a broad inquiry into
these critical problems," said Kapor, "but they should not attempt to
impose a solution before the process has begun."
"A system based on classified, secret technology will not and should not
gain the confidence of the American public," continued Kapor, commenting on
the proposed use of the NSA-developed "Clipper Chip."  The Clipper chip is
to be sold to private corporations for incorporation in communications
products, but will be based on a classified coding system.
Kapor explained that "in the past, government-designed standards have
suffered under the suspicion that a hidden 'trap door' would allow
unauthorized governmental or private intrusion.  The only way to avoid this
mistake is to publish open standards and subject them to expert,
independent scrutiny."
The Clipper proposal would also require users to deposit their code "keys"
with "trusted" escrow agents in order to allow law enforcement to conduct
court-authorized wiretaps.
Jerry Berman, EFF's Executive Director, said that "the escrow system is an
intriguing proposal, but the details of this scheme must be explored
publicly before it is adopted. What will give people confidence in the
safety of their keys? Does disclosure of keys to a third party waive an
individual's Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination? The
administration will need to answer questions such as these before it
proceeds with this, or any other, proposal."
Jerry Berman, Executive Director
Daniel J. Weitzner, Senior Staff Counsel
tel: 202-544-3077 or 202-544-9237

@_date: 1993-04-28 10:34:18
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Markey Hearing Thursday 930AM 
DATE AND TIME:  Thursday, April 29, 1993 at 9:30am
ROOM:   2123 Rayburn House Office Building
SUBJECT:        Oversight hearing on issues relating to the integrity of
telecommunications networks and transmissions including consumer privacy,
encryption,  computer hacking, toll fraud and data security.
        WITNESS LIST
Technical Presentation
Mr. John B. Gage
Director, Science Office
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
2550 Garcia Avenue, MS PAL01-505
Mountain View, CA  94043-1100
Mr. Raymond Kammer
Acting Director
National Institute of Standards and Technology
Building 101, Room A1111
Gaithersburg, MD  20899 Mr. John P. Lucich
State Investigator
Organized Crime and Racketeering Bureau
New Jersey Division of Criminal Justice
25 Market Street
Trenton, NJ  08625
Mr. Bruce Sterling
4525 Speedway
Austin, TX  78751
Author:  The Hacker Crackdown:  Law and Disorder on the Electronic Frontier    Mr. Joel Reidenberg
Associate Professor of Law
Fordham University School of Law
140 West 62nd Street
New York, NY  10023-7485
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-05-06 18:31:51
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: No Subject 
Received: from [192.77.172.140] (bush.eff.org) by eff.org with SMTP id AA08608
 (5.65c/IDA-1.4.4/pen-ident); Thu, 6 May 1993 18:23:09 -0400 This is the letter to the President dated 5/6/93  on Cryptography and
Clipper Chip from the digital privacy and security working group. PLEASE
CIRCULATE BROADLY. For further information, contact  jberman
Information Technology Association of America
Information Industry Association
Iris Associates
 RSA Data Security, Inc.
Software Publishers >Association  Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Toolmaker, Inc.
 Trusted Information Systems

@_date: 1993-09-30 13:54:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP/Constitutional Defense, Take IV (fwd) 
X-Sender: jberman
EFF TO DEFEND CRYPTO RIGHTS LEGALLY
Washington, D.C. -- The Electronic Frontier Foundation has committed
itself this week to legal defense efforts in response to what is
apparently a U.S. government campaign against the use and export of
cryptographic technology.
EFF's response to the anti-cryptography campaign, which has been directed
initially against the "Pretty Good Privacy" (PGP) encryption program
written by Phil Zimmermann, is three-fold:
o EFF and EFF board members will immediately contribute
funds to Phil Zimmermann's current legal expenses as they relate
to constitutional issues, and will encourage others to make donations
for this legal effort.
o EFF will continue to vigorously investigate the facts of the PGP case
and other cryptography-related cases that may arise, in order
to spotlight the constitutional issues raised by such cases.
o EFF is now planning to launch in the near future a First Amendment
campaign aimed both at raising funds to support legal work on the
Constitutional issues raised by these cases, and at educating policymakers
and the general public about need to reform our outmoded export control laws . The basic facts of the PGP case(s) are as follows:
The Customs Bureau has interviewed Phil Zimmermann and others involved in
PGP. A San Jose grand jury, convened by Assistant US Attorney William
Keane, subpoenaed documents relating to PGP from Zimmermann, as well
as ViaCrypt and Austin Code Works, two companies who intend to offer
commercial products related to PGP. Finally, the State Department has sent
a letter to the Austin Code Works requiring them to register as an arms
dealer, even if they don't plan to export cryptography. In light of these developments, the Electronic Frontier Foundation Board of
Directors met in Austin on Sept 22-23 to plan EFF's response. EFF's Board of Directors believes that this case may involve fundamental
issues in the application of the U.S. Constitution to digital media. At
stake is the right of privacy, public access to secure cryptography, the
right to publish digital writings, and the right of equal protection under
the law. We are resolved to take this matter very seriously.
For this reason, EFF will undertake a vigorous investigation of the facts
in this and any other PGP related cases which might arise.  If the Grand Jury issues indictments that would, in the view of EFF,
threaten the future of digital liberty, we are prepared to assist in the case and any others which might have similar adverse effects. We are also prepared to seek to amend the export laws to protect constitutional speech and the right to disseminate and use encryption to protect the citizens'
right to privacy and to the security of their communications.
In the short run, EFF will assist Phil and others involved with PGP to find
criminal defense attorneys, explore ways to get any cases handled pro
bono publico, or for expenses only, and contribute funds to Phil and other possible defendants for preindictment constitutional research, and we encourage others to do the same. As of this announcement, several thousand
dollars have been pledged by EFF and EFF board members including John Gilmore, Mitchell Kapor, John Perry Barlow.  In the near future, EFF will launch a national campaign designed to provide
legal and financial support for cases or legislative efforts that would
promote the Constitutionally guaranteed rights to develop, discuss, and
use cryptographic technology. We urge you to help Phil Zimmermann in preparing his constitutional defense by contacting Phil's lawyer, Philip Dubois (dubois +1 303 444 3885,
or 2305 Broadway, Boulder, CO   80304, USA). He is accepting legal defense contributions relating directly to Phil's defense as an individual.
Board of Directors
Electronic Frontier Foundation

@_date: 1993-12-09 05:15:56
@_author: Jerry Berman 
@_subject: Re: ANNOUNCEMENT: EFF Statement on Cryptography & Policy 
John Krezner points out that EFF's crypto statement says
    *    There must be no broadening of governmental access to private
Jerry Berman responds:
NO. NO NO Thanks for pointing this out. I am sure our board will move to
amend the section to state our intent with the following words: "broadened
access, provided it is consistent with the Constitution and the Bill of
rights" or some such formulaton.
EFF ADDRESS
Jerry Berman
Executive Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G St, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC 20001
202-347-5400 (v) 202-393-5509 (f)
Join EFF!  For information about membership, send mail to eff
