
@_date: 1994-11-23 11:53:55
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: CID 
Before discussion is removed from the list, please add me to the list
of folks who I am sure are interested in continuing this discussion

@_date: 1994-11-28 20:10:54
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: We really _aren't_ paranoid :) 
Just in case anyone didn't catch this in the newsgroups:
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto,alt.privacy,alt.security.pgp
Organization: GeoQuest System, Inc. Houston
Lines: 29
In article <3b655b$rne jomcgow (John S. McGow
The good news is a few justices still seem to have their heads on
  Item from AP:  It seems that in urging the Supreme Court
  to reinstate a federal-level ban on firearms within 1000 feet of
  schools (the 1990 Gun-Free School Zones Act), the Clinton
  administration argues that the national economy is adversely
  affected by gun-related violence at schools.  Therefor, the
  reasoning continues, Congress was authorized to institute the
  ban under (you guessed it) the Interstate Commerce clause of the
  Constitution.  Said Solicitor General Drew S Day III, "This is not
  about just regulating guns.  Congress is concerned with this impact
  on the national economy."
  Asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, "Is there any violent crime
  that doesn't affect interstate commerce under your rationale?"
  Ginsburg later asked Days to cite an example of a law which Congress
  would NOT have the authority to enact under the Interstate Commerce
  Clause.  Interjected Justice Scalia, "Don't give away anything here.
  They might want to do it."

@_date: 1994-11-29 01:20:02
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: CID spoofing 
Whatever happened to the thread on CID header spoofing?  I know it isn't
exactly germane to this list, but the original poster's return address
doesn't appear to work.

@_date: 1994-11-29 02:16:59
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: SecureDevice/X-Windows 
Okay, so I'm signing my messages now.  At least your proposed sign-or-delay
rule has had its intended effect on one user here :)
My question is:  What is the group's opinion on the use of SecureDevice to store sensitive data as an encrypted volume under DOS on a PC? (I am assuming
here that enough people know what I'm referring to not to explain.)
I've moved all my email, sensitive data files, and PGP keyrings over to this new volume.  Given all that I've read on the IDEA encryption method, I feel comfortable that the data is essentially secure from everything but a brute force attack on the key, or carelessness on my part.  I'm sure that the magnetic fingerprint of the original data files still remains scattered over the rest of the hard disk, but I'm not as worried about this (yet--the more I read this list, more paranoid I seem to get :)
Someone posted about using CFS under Linux to store his PGP secret keyring, without a keyring pass phrase.  The idea here was that when the system was powered off, CFS provided sufficient security to protect the secret keyring.  This would allow the user to automate the use of PGP with scripts to send and receive encrypted mail, without the need to deal with piping in or otherwise supplying a pass phrase.
Would anyone consider this foolish?  I can take the same argument here with SecureDevice--I only 'login' to the drive with my passphrase when I am using it, and when the machine is off, the encrypted volume protects the secret keyring by default.  The weakness here is that should I step away from my machine and carelessly forget to 'logout' of the secured drive, my secret key is wide open for someone to steal.
On an entirely different note:
I use MS-Windows on the PC platform for my internet access due to the variety and relative availability of Windows Sockets based software.  Call me a traitor to the cause, all Microsoft bashing aside, but I really do prefer the GUI interface to mail, FTP, telnet, and WWW than the Unix command line oriented tools to do the same.
I also have Linux installed on a different machine, and am slowly learning all the neat and wonderful things one can do with it.  I haven't quite gotten X Windows configured properly, but I wonder if all the same internet access tools I mentioned exist as X apps.  This would allow me to get all the benefits of Unix, while retaining the ease-of-use benefits of a GUI environment.  Forgive me if these are naive questions--I'm a lowly DOS/Windows user just now starting to see the light of Unix :)
Another question:  How feasible would it be to build a system under Linux/X Windows to automate PGP encryption and signatures in a transparent way, using an X windows mail reader?  People have done this with Pine/Elm, so I assume the same techniques would work under X.
Gosh, really showing my ignorance here :)

@_date: 1994-11-29 11:12:31
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Re: We really _aren't_ paranoid :) 
Don't give away anything here.
Don't give away anything here. That's what it sounds like to me.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-05 06:24:34
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: Date? 
Hehe, you caught me fiddling with my system date to generate a 2048 bit key
with PGP.  Actually, if it were Christmas Eve already, that would mean
that the pain of holiday shopping had already past....
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-05 08:35:09
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: cypher bickering 
While I agree with this, there is another, more practical reason to use
cryptography for everyday, non-sensitive material.  This may seem trivial
to some.
The more we are in the practice and *habit* of using cryptography for both
privacy and authentication, the more *prepared* we are when we unexpectedly find ourselves in situations that *require* cryptography.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-05 11:28:33
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Dupes? 
This morning I seem to be getting two copies of many of the messages that
have come through.  Anyone else getting this?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-06 08:53:10
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: MMB question 
In the errata to Applied Cryptography, Bruce Schneier makes the following
comment, though nowhere did he elaborate on this:
Pages 266-7:  Since the publication of this book, MMB has been
broken.  Do not use this algorithm.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-06 22:58:15
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Ideal digital cash system? 
On page 123 of Applied Cryptography Bruce Schneier cites the work of
two cryptographers and the digital cash system they invented that
satisfies all six properties he listed on the same page.  In his words:
The authors consider this the first ideal untraceable electronic cash
The reference [674] is:
T. Oamoto and K. Ohta, Universal Electronic Cash
Advances in Cryptology--CRYPTO '91 Proceedings
Berlin: Springer-Verlag 1992 pp. 324-337
Is anyone here familiar with this work?  Has anyone tried to implement
this protocol in some manner?
Also how would I go about obtaining the text of this work either in
written form or online?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-12 21:54:27
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Winsock & PGP Integration 
It has been a long discussed and desired feature for MS-Windows
users to be able to integrate PGP functionality into the various
Windows Sockets based mail and news readers.  After a discussion
with Raph and Pierre at the cypherpunks meeting this weekend, I
took a look at the paradigm that premail uses and gave some
thought to how this same concept could be applied in the Windows
On a Un*x machine, premail works by impersonating the mail
transfer agent and intercepting the flow of mail in each
direction, adding encryption, signing, and anonymous remail
services in a rather elegant fashion.  As the mail system under
Un*x (indeed, the entire OS) is designed to be a "piped and glued
together" batch of smaller utilities, premail's method works well
and is very 'unix-like'.
How to achieve the same under Windows with winsock based SLIP or
PPP access?  The various mail agents such as Eudora and Chameleon
are integrated packages that do everything from using SMTP and POP
for mail transfer to providing the user agent that reads and
writes mail. There really is no simple way to wedge into the
package and replace or supplement functionality.
Except one.  What all of these agents have in common is that they
interface with the Windows Sockets API to establish TCP streams
that are used in the POP and SMTP protocols.  Since these are well
known and standardized protocols, this gives us our toehold.
Picture this.  Using a replacement WINSOCK.DLL, we can intercept
those specific API calls that an application would use to open the
appropriate sockets and establish a TCP stream to a particular
remote socket.  For all other API calls, we hand these off to the
"real" WINSOCK.DLL (that we have renamed and loaded after our DLL
has loaded).  Our replacement DLL now has the ability to make the
mail application think it is talking to a remote SMTP or POP
process, when in fact, it is talking to our agent on the local
machine.  Our local agent spoofs the SMTP protocol, accepts the
mail, does all the neat crypto stuff, and stores the mail in an
outbound queue.  At whatever preprogrammed intervals, _our_ agent
makes the _real_ SMTP call to the remote and delivers the mail.
The reverse process would work as well.  Our local agent
periodically makes a POP call to the remote end, retrieves mail,
and stores it in an inbound queue. Again, we do all the neat
crypto stuff, and finally the next time Eudora or whatever mail
agent is in use makes its POP run, we spoof POP and deliver the
mail to the mail program.
A little thought on this and I realized that this could be a
generalized process.  Want to implement an anonymous remailer
under Windows?  Use this mechanism and replace "neat crypto stuff"
with "even neater anonymous remailing stuff."  Majordomo for
Windows?  No problem, same method. By intercepting the flow of
mail in each direction, there is no limit to the stuff you could
come up with.
Why bother fiddling with Windows anyway, when one has all the
beauty and power of Un*x at one's disposal (such as Linux)?  Well,
think about where the personal computing sector is going to grow
in about six months or so with the advent of Windows95.  Okay,
it's a great OS for what it is designed for, but it doesn't have
pipes or perl or twenty or thirty command line parameters for
every executable.  So what.  I garauntee that there will be more
laptops and desktop PC's with Windows95 than with any flavor of
If we are to promote and encourage, as well as make the tools for,
the use of strong crypto by the average Joe, then Windows is where
it is at.
I've just enough Windows programming experience to know that the
scheme I worked out above is feasible and would work well.  On the
other hand, I have no experience with Windows Sockets at the api
level, nor with any implementation of SMTP or POP (though I know
the protocols themselves well.)
Yep.  It would be cool to write a message in Chameleon (such as
this one), press the send button, and have a dialog box pop up
asking me if I wanted to sign, encrypt, or remail this message.
Or to have it done automatically for me.  And this would work with
existing mailers today.  Sheesh, somebody burst my bubble.
Comments, criticisms, suggestions, and especially financial
donations, are quite welcome :)
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-13 13:49:49
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: Winsock & PGP Integration 
Well, it could be done "by definition."  Let's say I tell my Eudora that
the SMTP and POP address to use is 192.0.0.1.  I can now configure my
spoofing agent that when there is an attempt to establish a TCP stream
on port 110 of 192.0.0.1, I can be assured that it is the mailer trying
to retrieve mail.
Likewise for mail delivery (and news, spoofing NNTP, though this is probably an order of magnitude more complicated than just mail.)
Of course.  Unix was around long before DOS/Windows gained market
dominance of the personal computing market.  And for automated encryption
on that platform, premail seems to do a great job (though there are some
features I'd like to see added, Raph).  The unfortunate thing I think is
that Unix/X-Windows has never gained a foothold in the "consumer" market.
- From a marketing perspective, if we are trying to "sell" strong crypto use
to the "masses", then it is only prudent to assess where these types of
products would be deployed.  And the two platforms that will entirely make
up the personal computing market will be DOS/Windows95 and to a lesser extent,
OS/2 Warp.
This was a subject brought up at the last Cypherpunks meeting (by Tim, I think.)
For fifteen years we have had some pretty sophisticated theoretical models of
strong cryptographic techniques.  Some of these, such as PK encryption, have
reached the "masses" in the form of PGP.  Others, such as digital cash, have been
mired in implementation issues.  It is frustrating to read about and listen to
lectures on advanced cryptographic subjects (such as all the great presentations at the last meeting), knowing that it may be years before this "theory" makes
it into "practice."
I will be happy when cryptography is as ubiquitous on a PC as screen savers.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-13 14:14:25
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Re: Winsock & PGP Integration 
I agree.
This is of course much closer to the ideal way of doing things.  However,
the original motivation for this project was that in order for all
existing Winsock based mail agents (except for Zmail, it looks like now)
to add crypto/anonymity to their functionality, some work has to be done
to change them.  The system I came up with to spoof Winsock would be
(hopefully!) transparent, in that it would work with _existing_ mailers
_today_.  To go the route you outlined, while in the long run a much more
sensible way of doing things, would require the same sort of effort on the
part of the current mail agents, i.e., they would need to change.
Your suggestion is one I would like to follow up on; in the mean time, I am
going to make an attempt at the spoofing idea.
Hehe.  It's the user interface I hate doing the most!
Nah.  Variable bit sized binary records work well enough :)
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-14 14:31:45
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: A short primer on algebra 
Thanks...now if only I were able to go back to the cpunks meeting and listen to your presentation with this knowledge in hand :)
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-14 14:11:09
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
My mistake, I _did_ mean to say CP/M.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-17 09:21:05
@_author: Bass-O-Matic? 
@_subject: Decrypting PGP 1.0 files 
I have recently uncovered some old conventionally encrypted files
from back in '91, using PGP 1.0.  I remember the passphrase; however,
they won't decrypt and state that the passphrase is bad (this is using PGP 2.6.2.)
It occurred to me that PGP used some different algorithm (Bass-O-Matic?)
back then, and I don't think the current versions are backwardly compatible (but perhaps they should detect and warn the user that this is
the case.)
So, where could I get PGP 1.0?
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-17 10:45:07
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: Decrypting PGP 1.0 files 
Thanks to those who responded, I found it at:
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-20 19:38:58
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: FW: Opportunity: Software Engineer with TIA Development Team 
Just an FYI for anyone out there:
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-21 13:38:08
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: RE: Have 2.6.2 but cant gen 2048 bits 
You'll probably get multiple answers for this.  The code in PGP that allows you to enter 2048 bit keys isn't enabled until 12/25/94, so you
need to set your clock ahead to try this (and don't forget to set it
back--I spent three days sending people "Christmas" mail :)
Also, though I'm not sure why, it seems that the generated keys are only
2047 bits in length.  This was my experience, and has been reported in
alt.security.pgp by a number of others as well.  Expect about a 15-20
minute key generation time on a 486/66 PC.
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-21 14:05:06
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Re: GUI: PGP vs novices 
To add to this thread:  I'm working on a Windows based product that, while
not achieving the level of integration that you describe, does enable one
to assign signature, remailing, and encryption options from within the email
message itself.
The product works at the Windows Sockets layer, intercepting mail as it is
sent from the mail application to the SMTP host, and performing the above
crypto related functions based on text placed at the top of the mail message.
- From the user perspective, I plan to make the product look just like the
(excellent) Unix based PGP front end, premail.  So, while you're typing your
mail, if you want to add a signature, just add the line Signature: to the top (where userid is something that identifies the secret key to use).
Features will include automatic signing, encryption, or remailing based upon
destination address of the outgoing email.  Incoming mail will be handled
similarly, though there are some security issues surrounding automated access
to your secret keyring that I haven't thought through yet.
A major complication that I've come up against is installation.  Somehow I've
got to provide a painless way of discovering the Winsock stack in use on a
machine, and installing my WINSOCK.DLL so that it gets loaded instead of the
real one (which my software then loads on its own and intercepts calls to.)
This is really easy to do manually when one has knowledge of such things; it is
a major pain in the ass to come up with a way of doing this that doesn't
require the user to know anything about Windows Sockets or DLL's or path
variables, etc.
On the other hand, the pain of installation only occurs once.  For actual use,
adding control lines to the top of one's mail is pretty simple.  Not as good
as having, say, "Encrypt", "Sign", and "Remail" buttons or menu items, but it
should do for now.
I may or may not have something to show at the next Cpunks meeting--depends on
how frustrated I get with dealing with Windows' programming paradigm :)
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan

@_date: 1994-12-04 22:33:41
@_author: Johnathan Corgan 
@_subject: Oceania? 
I had come across a reference to this in Tim's CYPHERNOMICON.
Was this whole project a giant scam?  Has this been objectively
demonstrated, or just suspected/believed?
Having read the new URL this group has placed onto the Web (don't have
it handy or I'd post it), it seems that the project is still alive and
well, and "trying to pay off old debts."
Could someone bring me up to speed on this group?  On the surface, it would seem that there is a lot in common with their objectives and the
general Cypherpunks "philosophy". (quotes because I understand the diversity of thought in this group.)
Johnathan Corgan       "Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent"
jcorgan                       -Isaac Asimov
PGP Public Key:        Or send email to:      pgp-public-keys Subj: GET jcorgan
