
@_date: 1996-02-17 12:51:21
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Re: CDA Yes Votes; Collection 
Well, you can count me as the second.
I also consider myself a hard-line libertarian, and I'm not going to second
guess Truman on the use of the bomb.  His duty was to save American and
allied lives.  He had no duty whatsoever to limit the destruction that
was visited upon the japanese mainland, particularly in view of the fact that Japan's war against the United States of America began in an
unprovoked, suprise attack.
Japan suffered for allowing their government to run amok.  So did Germany.
Germans who were paying attention during the thirties fled their country,
and those who were unfortunate enough to be trapped, and yet still loved
freedom, became members of an anti-NAZI underground.
Japan, Germany, Italy, and other countries like Iraq, where people place
obedience to their leaders above their own moral responsiblity, will
suffer mass destruction.  Think of it as evolution in action.

@_date: 1996-03-12 07:57:47
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Re: rhetorical trickery 
tomservo (Scott Fabbri) Says:
This is why we need to adopt the standard attitude of "Well, Officer,
If you're not a jackbooted thug, why are you asking me to consent to
an unreasonable search?"

@_date: 1996-08-06 12:25:44
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Public report of the EU crack. 
Well, well, well!
So we gain a several allies in our battle against key-escrow, and
lo and behold, it's all the *other* governments who don't want
Uncle Sam to read their mail.
I hope that any c'punks in foreign countries can make some politcal
hay with this: "Don't let the yankee imperialists tell us a goddamn thing
about crypto policy!  They'll only use it to pull weasel moves in the
trade talks!"
Actually, it might be a good thing for Her Majesty's government to issue an advisory, saying not to buy US routers and encryption software,
because it can't be trusted, under present US ITAR rules.

@_date: 1996-08-16 23:21:14
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Lunch with Bill, anyone? 
Latest from Microsoft(R):
Does Microsquish *know* any industry luminaries?  I mean, Cutler
used to be one, but he's pretty burnt out, if Windoze NT is any
Meeting Bill Gates would be every bit as exciting as meeting Tony Orlando.  Or maybe Wayne Newton.

@_date: 1996-08-22 12:12:57
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton SucksHusband/Wife jailed for say 
Well, wouldn't that require a president who had a clear conscience?
I don't think we've had one of those since Eisenhower!

@_date: 1996-10-03 08:59:43
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Utah as a Religious Police State 
Moroni says:
I don't do a lot of nit-picking on this mailing list, but:
I am a Jew. *You* are a gentile. So are all the rest of the mormons.
Get this point straight.

@_date: 1996-10-05 06:20:58
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK 
Attilla Says:
Well, speaking as one who has occasionally been called anti-mormon
(although, I'm *really* not that specific!) The only time I feel
any anti-mormon "passion" is when I want to throttle one of your
missionaries.  I like sleeping in, and being awakened by a kid who
wants me to join a religion is really offensive.
If the LDS church would just give up this damnable proselytizing,
I'd find you no more objectionable than the Tibetan Buddhists (whom
I actually hold in rather high regard, although they're never going
to convert me either!)
PS:  I do think it's a Good Thing that mormons don't pay the clergy.
One positive for LDS.  Did you pick up that idea from the Ba'ha'i?

@_date: 1996-10-06 09:19:45
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Missionaries (was: "Mormon Asshole?" re: GAK) 
A29441 on 10/04/96 X-Newsreader: NN version 6.5.0  (NOV)
Bright, eager faces.. Full of the smug self-delusion that they know how the universe came to be, and that they have a duty to convince others of their Truth.  I've seen the same look on the faces of And, BTW, I couldn't care less how these little twits finance their
activities,  or how fervent their belief may be that what they're
doing is for my own good.  It's an intrusion on my privacy, and I
find it offensive!  Is that really so hard to understand?
Ask, hell!  They knock on my door, wake me up, and offend me in a
manner very similar to spamming.  They intrude on my property, to
try to sell me a line of unmitigated bullshit.  Torquemada, Loyola,
the Czars, and the "Jews For Jesus" didn't make Christians out of
my family, and the continuous proselytizing by every little upstart
sect that tags itself as Christian is pretty damn irritating.
Jews are Jews.  We're not converting. Go cope!
If any person ever tries to covert *you*, then you are fully entitled
to attempt the same patronizing act in retaliation, to that one
person. Kids going door-to-door to offer chances to investigate
their religion are out of line, and when they come to my door, they
will get said door slammed in their face, be they Mormon, Scientologist,
Lubbavitcher, or any other cult.
"Mission Authority"?  I'm sure I've never heard the term before.
Shall I try to dig up a directory of all of your little boys who
are of age to go out on a mission to irritate the not-yet-converted?
If you have a master list of people that your church should leave
the hell alone, where do I apply?
There is a term for this kind of activity.  It's called aiding and abetting.
Oh, and FYI: I grew up in southeast Asia.  I've some of your
missionaries at work, trying to convert Balinese Hindus to Mormonism.
This is a singularly barbaric act. Hindu Bali is a beautiful, peaceful
world-view, and your kids go out to pollute these wonderful people's
minds with a poisonous concept like Original Sin.  Why can't you
just let them be happy?
Wrong.  Your *best* kids don't take it upon themselves to irritate
their neighbors.
Oooooooh! You went to Harvard!  Maybe that explains some of your
patronizing attitude.  That school has the rather nasty belief that
its graduates have a divine right to order others about.
Any school that would grant tenure to a fascist like Galbraith, or
to a latter-day Machiavelli like Kissinger, is not an institution
I can respect.
And as for your own desire to go on a mission, think of this exchange
as the reaming you would get if you had come knocking on my father's
Your articles of faith are completely irrelevant to me. I don't
care if a proselytute accosts me because he's personally seen the
burning bush, or because his lucky astrology mood ring advised him
to.  The significant fact is the act of intrusion itself, not the
Well, that's mighty white of you!  Of course, no one ever asked
for your permission, so your position on permitting other religions
is irrelevant.
BTW, I don't know if you're aware of how close the Mormons came to
being banned from the state of Israel altogether, due to the outrage
of the Hasidim over your missionaries' obnoxious habit of luring
Jewish children into a goy shul.  You may also be unaware of the
fact that when a Jewish child has been polluted in such a manner,
their fathers are obliged to have them ritually de-loused in a
not-very-inexpensive process!
Of course, you have the right to speak your mind, and even to try
to convince a Jew to believe in the Mormon faith.  Just don't be
surprised when a scion of a race that has been viciously persecuted
for its refusal to convert to the religious fad of the day tells
you to fuck off.
Look, sport:  If I take a large number of hours to study your
religion, then haven't I fulfilled the purpose of the Proselytutes
about which I am complaining?
Here's an exercise for you: Find *any* archaeological corroboration
of the claim that the lost tribes of Israel ever traveled to America.
A carbon-dated Aramaic or Hebrew script, discovered by non-mormons
on either the north or south American continents would do.
For extra credit, construct a reasonable rationalization of the
LDS church's practice of racial segration from it's inception until
the 1960's.  The quakers were right in the forefront of the abolition
movement.  Where the hell were your people?
Well, since the only way I would ever join the LDS would be under
the influence of heavy sedation or psychedelics, If I were to join
the LDS church, the Scientologists, the Moonies, or any similar
orgainzation, my friends have standing instructions to get me to
a rehab clinic.
For that matter, what would you do, if you found that your capacity
for rational cognition overwhelmed your fervent will to believe
and obey?  Would your family ostracize you?
The intolerance that your church displayed by banning all
extracirricular activities in Salt Lake City's high schools, just
so that you could continue to promote the hatred of homosexuals,
is particularly disturbing to me.  Hitler started with the gays.
No one's asking you to be perfect, just to quit the proselytizing.
It's really patronizing, it displays contempt for the rest of
humanity, and as I've said to other mormon cult victims, it's the
only thing that prompts me to discuss your cult with any person
like yourself, who is firmly set in its delusional mindset.
And, for the safety of the pig-ignorant little hormone-soaked
adolescents that you send forth on the missions:  Give these kids
some basic sex education, will you?  How many of them come back to
Utah with AIDS, because you sent them out with no more advice than
"take a cold shower?"
What's really sad is the way that every cult member tries to convince
himself that *his* franchise has more to offer than Lifespring,
EST, or the newspaper horoscopes.  There may be a greater purpose
to human existence, but you don't know what it is, and neither does
anyone else.

@_date: 1997-01-16 04:14:20
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: ARKANSAS BANS PHONE SCRAMBLERS 
It figures.  It's Fuehrer Clinton's home state, isn't it?
Somedays, this shit just makes me want to give up on the USA, and
emigrate to Anguila.
begin forwarded message:
IMMEDIATE ATTENTION The Arkansas Police have declared that is is illegal to own, use, or
possess RSU product  a fully assembled
descrambler/scrambler, in the State of Arkansas.  Tandy Corporation's
legal department is researching this and the product has been removed
from RSU distribution.  DO NOT take order or sell this product until
this situation can be resolved.
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
Pcyphered signature:

@_date: 1997-01-19 03:31:49
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Donna Rice, etc. 
Yes, it's the very same Bimbo who scuttled Gary Hart's campaign, and then
parlayed that notoriety into a modeling contract.. Mind you, I'm
all for Bimbos knocking dipshit hypocrites out of the running for a presidential nomination, but the idea of having this "party girl" try to police the content of my beloved internet really pisses me off.
She made money in the past wiggling her tits for the camera, and again,
I'm all for bimbos making money wiggling for cameras, but when she tries
to tell me what I should or shouldn't be able to see, my reply *must* be:
I am also going to take issue with her trysting with a married man.  I wish
Hart's wife had verbally beaten the living shit out of her.
Obligatory Crypto Policy reference: Why couldn't she have scuttled Feurher Clinton's career, instead?

@_date: 1997-01-20 23:08:00
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Arkansas Phone Scramblers, etc. 
I just had an interesting exchange with the latest person to take up
residence in my bozo filter.
I get this message from some clown I've never heard of, sent from AOL,
saying that he wants one of these Radio Shack scrambler frobs, and hinting
that he'd be willing to pay lots for it.
I sent him back a note pointing out, among other things, that I don't know
him, he doesn't know me, and that we're talking about buying and selling
a frob that at least one set of JBT's doesn't think he should have. I concluded by telling him that I wouldn't sell him one if I had one, that I wouldn't tell him whether I had one, and that if he wants to have
a private conversation with someone, he should just get a copy of
PGP phone, like everyone else.
He sent me a huffy note, saying I'd better learn some diplomacy.
So, what do you think guys?  Did I just piss off some federal prosecutor
who was hoping to body-grab me to a clueless jusrisdiction like Arkansas
to try me for crypto-terrorism, or did I piss off another fucking AOL'er?
Amused and Torqued at the same time,

@_date: 1997-01-21 06:55:44
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: Arkansas Phone Scramblers, etc. 
I just had an interesting exchange with the latest person to take up
residence in my bozo filter.
I get this message from some clown I've never heard of, sent from AOL,
saying that he wants one of these Radio Shack scrambler frobs, and hinting
that he'd be willing to pay lots for it.
I sent him back a note pointing out, among other things, that I don't know
him, he doesn't know me, and that we're talking about buying and selling
a frob that at least one set of JBT's doesn't think he should have. I concluded by telling him that I wouldn't sell him one if I had one, that I wouldn't tell him whether I had one, and that if he wants to have
a private conversation with someone, he should just get a copy of
PGP phone, like everyone else.
He sent me a huffy note, saying I'd better learn some diplomacy.
So, what do you think guys?  Did I just piss off some federal prosecutor
who was hoping to body-grab me to a clueless jusrisdiction like Arkansas
to try me for crypto-terrorism, or did I piss off another fucking AOL'er?
Amused and Torqued at the same time,

@_date: 1997-02-14 07:12:37
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
Tim may says:
I have to disagree here.  The junk fax law is a restraint on unauthorised
use of property, i.e. *my* fax machine, *my* phone, etc. That tort of unauthorised use of property applies, whether someone's sending
me a fax to sell me spamming software, or whether it's some kid ringing
my doorbell and running away.  It's not the speech that I'm fighting, it's the misuse of my property.
Freedom of speech does not confer a right to use other people's property.

@_date: 1997-02-14 03:31:43
@_author: "John C. Randolph" 
@_subject: More on digital postage 
Tim may says:
I have to disagree here.  The junk fax law is a restraint on unauthorised
use of property, i.e. *my* fax machine, *my* phone, etc. That tort of unauthorised use of property applies, whether someone's sending
me a fax to sell me spamming software, or whether it's some kid ringing
my doorbell and running away.  It's not the speech that I'm fighting, it's the misuse of my property.
Freedom of speech does not confer a right to use other people's property.
