
@_date: 1993-05-01 19:15:31
@_author: John Blair 
@_subject: questions... 
Hello, all.  I'm new to this mailing list, but I've been following it for
about 1/2 a week now, and I think I've found my niche.  However, I've got a
few questions that I was wondering if someone could help me with.
1)  Is there a suggested, general purpose book on cryptography that would
introduce me to the basics, and expand into more of the theory?  I'm decent
at math, but its definately not me strong point.
2)  I've downloaded to source code for Mac PGP from soda.berkeley.edu. Is there
an executable version available?  I haven't learned C yet, and I don't have
easy access to a C compiler, although I'm pretty sure I can take care of it
if I have to.
Also, on another note.  I've noticed the discussion about passing out
information at Raves.  The idea sounds like a good one, but is IMHO a definite
long shot.  Most of the ravers that I know a definate math-phobes, and
paradoxically practically technophobes.  If not technophobes, they would rather
not deal with it except for their weekly rush.  Still, I like the idea of passing stuff out there.  For at least every 50 people who go "huh?" there will
be someone who goes "yeah!" and explains it to his friends.  I would pass out info here in the Cincinatti area when I go, and at other times I could give the
leaflets to a friend who is more of a raver, and just tell him to scatter them
about.  Someone will read it, and catch on, and that will be worth it.
Now, this may sound like a stupid q, but does gzip decompress the ZIP format
that you say the info you have is in?  In my experience, ZIP has been a DOS compressor, and I am more of a Mac/Unix person.  Again, if necessary, I can
take care of it.
john blair.
jdblair      data is fluid.   will do multimedia for food- contact me.

@_date: 1993-05-02 12:40:43
@_author: John Blair 
@_subject: thanks 
Thanks for the quick and multiple responses to my questions.  I also grabbed
the cryptography FAQ off of sci.cryptography, and it has been helpful.

@_date: 1993-05-08 19:02:10
@_author: John Blair 
@_subject: ping? 
Hello?  Is anyone out there?
The very high mail flow from cypherpunks suddenly ended.
Is something wrong, or is this just a normal burp in the system?

@_date: 1993-06-13 23:27:20
@_author: w/o net access, this time 
@_subject: thanks 
Thanks to everyone for a really interesting and informative discussion
group.  I started out knowing almost nothing about encryption systems, and
now I feel like I am at least an informed novice.  I have learned a lot, and
I really appreciate it. I will be in the Sangre de Christo Mtns. in New Mexico for the rest of the
summer (w/o net access, this time), so I'll have to catch up in the fall.
thanks again,

@_date: 1993-09-12 08:28:22
@_author: John Blair 
@_subject: is the list still going? 
I haven't gotten a mailing for quite a few days.  Is something wrong?

@_date: 1993-10-13 16:56:45
@_author: rarely posting 
@_subject: Midwest Cypherpunk Meeting 
Are there enough Cypherpunks in the Midwest to have a meeting, no matter how
small?  I've been following the list (rarely posting) for quite a while now,
but I'd like to discuss these issues in person, and maybe feel a little less
isolated here in Ohio.
E-mail me back directly if there is any interest.
John Blair

@_date: 1993-10-27 12:17:56
@_author: probably for the nth time 
@_subject: my sad observations... 
I have followed the cypherpunk list for about 9 months now, and I have learned
A LOT directly from it.  I have rarely posted, just read the material as it
appeared, learning from what I was able to without getting lost in equations.
There is always a certain amount of noise to useful signal from any information
source, although over the past month the signal to noise ratio on Cypherpunks
has become almost intolerable.  I now read few of the messages, just sifting
out what I hope will be useful to me from the subject headings.  If any of
you are able to read ALL of the posts, and keep up the rest of your work, I
commend you.
Perhaps the current state is a symptom of growing popularity.  Since it has
always appeared to me that the point of the list was to disseminate information
on cryptography, and provide a discussion point for those interested in
spreading the use of cryptography, growing popularity would seem to be a
signal of success.
However, I miss the state of the list last April, when every time I checked it
I felt like I learned something new about cryptography.  Perhaps those with
little to say, that seem to be posting just to cause trouble or to be heard,
would better serve the group if they faded out for a while now, and just
watched until they were ready to say something useful.
I do not wish to flame anyone in particular, or to start a flame war, just
point out (probably for the nth time) what is a growing problem.
If any new listeners are interested, I have an archive of the postings which
I found interesting, or seemed like they would be useful.  I do not pretend
that it is the definitive cypherpunk archive, especially since there is a 2.5
month gap for the summer when I was living out of my pack in the Sangre De
Christo Mtns.  If you want a copy, e-mail me.  Please put "archive request"
in the subject header.  For intro. information, the Cryptography FAQ, posted on sci.crypt
was very helpful for me.
This posting has now gotten too large, and is perhaps guilty of the problem I
am addressing.  For this, I apoligize.
code on, -john.

@_date: 1993-10-28 20:52:44
@_author: I think 
@_subject: archive request bounce 
I mailed off the posting archive to everyone that requested one (I think).
However, something bounced.  If you wanted one and didn't get one, e-mail
me back.

@_date: 1993-10-29 11:22:47
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: signing messages 
How does one sign a message w/ PGP when one doesn't have the public key of a
recipient?  Example: when a key is signed to authenticate it, or when the
source code for PGP is signed to authenticate it.
Forgive me if this is a stupid question.

@_date: 1993-10-30 09:43:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: thanks... 
Thanks to all of the people who answered my question on message signing.

@_date: 1993-10-30 10:09:13
@_author: good 'ol desk accessory 
@_subject: Macintosh PGP CDEV Idea 
I have a proposal for a piece of code I'd like to try and put togethor over
Xmas break, and I want to bounce it off of the group to make sure that I'm
not duplicating anyone else's work.
I work mostly on the Macintosh, and this program would be for the mac.  It
would be a CDEV (good 'ol desk accessory) which would contain a smaller
version of PGP.  By smaller, I don't mean less secure, I mean a little
less functionality.  All it would do would sign, encrypt, or decrypt
text files.  By being a desk accessory, it would allow a message that's been
downloaded by whatever means (MS Mail, FTP, Kermit, etc.) to be quickly
decrypted, or to encrypt files for uploading.  The idea is to have a simple,
easy graphical interface on a small floating pallete type window.  Since it
would be a CDEV, it could be used simultaneously with a communications program
even if the machine was running 6.0 w/ the unary finder.  Keys would still be
generated in the full fledged version, but these keys would be accessible by
the CDEV.  A possible later version could also take advantage of Apple Events,
thus becoming a module which other programs could send files to to become
decrypted, or encrypted without worrying about the process themselves.
I've begun poreing through the source code to see how easy or difficult this
is going to be, but first I'd like to make sure that their aren't already
projects like this in development, or if there is any body who would like
to help with the development process.
It must be made clear that I am a beginning C programmer and a beginning
developer of hard-coded Macintosh applications.  I've started to consider
tackling this project as something that will force me to learn both.
Anybody have any ideas, comments, proposals?  E-mail me directly, unless you
think its a discussion that should be posted to the group as a whole.
- -john.

@_date: 1993-11-03 17:27:30
@_author: relatively 
@_subject: punk hardware list possibilities 
Relating to the discussion of setting up a cypherpunk hardware related list...
I would be able to host a list on the machine here, most likely-- its a
little used (relatively) and a pretty open system.
Let me know if anybody is interested.

@_date: 1993-11-05 09:57:46
@_author: punk-net, net underground, whatever 
@_subject: punk-net mailing list 
To those interested in participating in a hardware specific cypherpunks list,
(punk-net, net underground, whatever) e-mail me.  My sysadmin is cool with
the idea of setting the list up here, so if a decent number of people respond
over the next week, I'll set it up.
So, hardware fiends... time to bring a whiff of burnt flux and overheated
resistors to the world of underground cryptography.

@_date: 1993-11-06 13:58:04
@_author: which got me interested in forming the list 
@_subject: name for hardware list... 
Hey, y'all...
The response to the proposal for the punk hardware list was overwhelming (or
at least far beyond expectations).  I will get it set up hopefully on Monday,
or Tuesday at the latest of next week.  I just have to get my sysadmin to
get moving and set of the list on the ListProcessor.
There is a minor problem, which I want to spend very little time worrying about,
concerning the name of the list.
All I've come up with is the boring "punk hardware" or "punkware", or the
cryptic "punk-net."  The punk-net name derives from the discussion of an
underground, wireless net (which got me interested in forming the list) but I
think that discussion about that net will probably be a minor part of the list.
Perhaps we should get away from the "punk*" naming scheme-- I don't know.
Let me know what you think it should be called... I'll determine the name by
a psuedo-democratic process (I'll use the name that's proposed the most, unless
 I think there's a better one.).
So, let me know what you think it should be called, but let me know soon-- when it's on-line I'll post info on how to subscribe.
rave on,
- -john.

@_date: 1993-11-09 13:53:41
@_author: in part of his posting 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Timothy May writes (in part of his posting),
I'm not sure what you mean by "various groups," but I do think that a very
basic net connection, with minimal services (access to government records,
public domain postings, and similar information) should be provided either free
or at a very minimal cost.  It is not difficult for me to envision a day when
paper based sources of info (newspapers, magazines, etc.) may be impossible
to recieve in paper format, and when participation in our political system
will depend on having access just as much as it depends, for all practical
purposes, on having a stable residence.  Groups which cannot afford net
connection in the future may very likely become a politically excluded group.
Its important that we set the precedent now that these basic services not be
dependant on a certain minimum economic standing.  This is what I understand
"fair access" to mean.

@_date: 1993-11-12 11:05:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: HARDWARE MAILING LIST ON-LINE 
The hardware off-shoot of this list is finally on-line!
You can subscribe to the list by sending a subscribe request of the form:
SUBSCRIBE cp-hardware to listproc
I have decided to call the list 'cp-hardware'.  While perhaps this is
somewhat more boreing of a name than punk-net, or the like, it is more
descriptive of the list as a whole.  Thanks to all of the people who sent
me mail requesting to be on the list- your're requests are why I've set
the list up.  However, I decided it will be simpler for people who are
interested to send the subscribe request themselves.  This should
eliminate, or rather minimize errors.  So, if you sent me a request
previously, you still need to send a request listproc.
The intention is that the list will be a forum for discussion of hardware
issues related to computer privacy, as well as dicussion, design, and
hopefully construction of several projects.  If the list gets going
sufficiently well, I'll set up an anonymous ftp site for the storage of
archive, schematics, and anything else that is related.
When you subscribe, you will get a welcome message which describes what I
see the list could be.  Your feedback is appreciated.  A short (very
short) informational file can be requested by mailing
INFO cp-hardware
To listproc although the welcome message is I
think more descriptive of the list at this point.
so, punks, why stop at writing code?  Let's build hardware!

@_date: 1993-11-29 23:37:30
@_author: or pseudospoof, I mean 
@_subject: time to acknowledge, move on 
OK, so the reputation of the list has been screwed up.  So what?  It is
all just information, and we're here to explore how the metaphores the
information represents evolve in cyberspace.  As cheesy as that word has
become, if memory serves right, one possible definition for cyberspace is a
"consensually agreed upon metaphore for certain aspects of reality."  I'm
sure I will get corrected for that, and that is good- that's why I said it:
to test my hypothesis.
I think the coffee house metaphore makes sense, but we have to deal with
the fact that this coffee house isn't exactly like normal coffee houses.  You
can't spoof a person, in person, in reality, short of incredible acting
ability and plastic surgery.  Real James Bond stuff.
I think most of us believe that cyberspace can serve as a useful addition
to reality, and some of us probably see it as a possible replacement for
reality.  One simply needs to know one MOO addict to believe that (an
acquaintence of mine once spent 18 hours straight on-line.)
So we're working out the kinks in the metaphore, and learning where the
metaphore breaks down.  So sometimes we get burned.  So what!!
By the way, some of us have built a metaphorical workshop onto the back of
this metaphorical coffee house.  Discussion is going reallly slowly right
now, I think because most of use are really more software people than
hardware people.  Myself definately included.  I laid the foundation for
the workshop because I thought there was still a lot of hard information I
could learn from the Cypherpunks, like how following this list turned my
understanding of cryptography from virtually zilch to getting into an
argument with someone from the NSA that I led into the mountains in one of
my real-world personalities, a summer backpacking guide.  He was freaked
out to find that this outdoorsy guy understood public key cryptography,
and had an opinion about the clipper chip.  There's the main purpose of the
list, right?  To educate.  It educated me, and it threw a real-world NSA
employee for a loop.
So, we've all been educated about spoofing, and the dangers inherent in the
privacy we advocate.  If I wasn't ready to have my views challenged, I
wouldn't follow the list, and I certainly wouldn't post.  Of anybody, we
should understand that a name on the net is just a label.  We have a
certain assumed level of trust that label = real person.  We're the ones
that have been emphasizing that a public key can only be trusted if you
trust a real person somewhere in the web of trust you build to verify it. We all knew that its elementary to spoof someone (or pseudospoof, I mean). We just assumed that no one would break our trust, do more than just a few
harmless pranks.  Oh my god, I here people shout, label != person?  We
deserve it.
So, y'all, chill out.  I think L.D. taught us all a BIG lesson that we can
all take through the rest of our cyperspace lives (or metaverse lives,
depending on one's jargon persuasion).
The net isn't the real world.  Stop pretending it is, and treat it as the net.

@_date: 1993-12-01 17:58:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: 2nd midwest meeting attempt 
Are there any Cypherpunks in the Midwest Region that would like to hold a meeting?  I'd like to interact face-to-face for once.  I'm located just north of Cincinatti in Oxford, OH, and would probably be able to host something.  Unfortunately, this probably isn't very central.
I've brought this up before, but didn't get enough response to put a meeting togethor, so... I'm trying again.
Please e-mail me directly if you are interested, with a clear, loud subject so I can differentiate you from the noise.
hanging in Ohio,
- -john.

@_date: 1993-12-09 14:16:27
@_author: 8700 gigs of data, I presume? 
@_subject: Internet Backbone Traffic 
Someone in the past week asserted that, at $1000 a gig, one could store
all of a year's worth of mail headers from the Internet backbone for under ~$8.7 million. (8700 gigs of data, I presume?)
Sorry, I don't remember who it was, but I have some questions:
1) Where can I find an estimate of the mail volume on the net?
2) Are there any projections of internet usage (subscribers, mail users,
etc.) over the next several years?
I plan on holding an educational session on net legal issues, and I would
like to point out the $8.7 million/year price tag on a mail header
archive (scary potentials, to say the least), but I would like some sources to
back me up if I assert it.
Can anyone help me out?  I'd really appreciate it.

@_date: 1993-12-09 16:16:03
@_author: 513 
@_subject: Key Server Info Requested 
I could possibly set up a PGP Key server on one of the machines here at
Miami.  Is there anyone listening that could inform me of where I can get
the software and what would be required to set it up?

@_date: 1993-12-14 19:55:42
@_author: 513 
@_subject: Re: picture signatures 
Why does anyone ever sign anything?  Why did I sign this?  The signature attaches the reputation associated w/ a particular key to
this particular block of data.  I can be certain that you will either
get exactly what I wrote, or no if what you recieved isn't.
You know this already.  The point is, attaching a signature to a
picture guarentees that a picture I create hasn't been modified w/o
people knowing that its changed since it left my hands.  My pictures
could have reputations attached to them without the use of
digital signatures.  This reputation could be used against me if a
picture is modified, and my name is still attached to it, but with no
verifiable digital signature similarly attached.
- -john

@_date: 1993-12-28 21:02:36
@_author: 513 
@_subject: Cylex is already reality 
The very first entry of the Cyberspace Lexicon, *autolott* is well on its
way to becoming a reality.  An Associated Press story, "Is lottery by
phone the ticket?" was on the front page of my local paper today.  The
article describes a proposed plan to establish a lottery where one would
select numbers and pay for tickets via a touch-tone phone.  The system
would involve depositing money in a special account which the lottery
commission could also access.  The system could be set to purchase tickets
when the jackpot reaches certain levels automatically.
"Players could bet until their accounts are depleted, withdraw mopney
anytime and replenish their accounts by check, electronic transfer, or
credit card."
It does state that "each wager would carry a $2 service charge."  It
souldn't be long before they realize they save more money by not printing
the tickets.
I don't have time to type in the whole article, but I think you get the
picture.  Six states are already interested.  I'm surprised they didn't
suggest just setting it up as a 900 number, or are there laws against that?
So how long will it be before Las Vegas goes on-line?  Call 1-800-LOAN-YES
for easy credit extensions today!

@_date: 1994-01-16 11:48:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Libertarian FTP site 
I know that there's a Libertatarian Literature ftp site- I've downloaded
stuff from there, but I've lost the address.  Could someone in the know
pass it my way?
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-01-16 11:53:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Applied Cryptography 
Would somebody please pass on an ISBN number, publisher info, and the best
placed to order "Applied Cryptography"?  I would appreciate this greatly.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-01-17 20:06:20
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: thanks for applied crypto info 
Thanks to everybody that sent information about Applied Cryptography.

@_date: 1994-01-23 14:38:17
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Time article on Bobby Ray 
The following is a Time Magazine article about Bobby Ray Inman.
BOWING OUT WITH A BANG
Inman's angry assault on the press manages to make him sound more paranoid
than persecuted BY GEORGE J. CHURCH  Many likened him to Ross Perot. Pop-fiction addicts recalled Captain
Queeg of The Caine Mutiny. Others believed Admiral Bobby Ray Inman to be
an intelligence expert who had lived so long in the hidden world of spies
that he now saw plots everywhere. But these were mere nuances to the
majority opinion: Inman, explaining why he was withdrawing as nominee to
be Secretary of Defense, produced a bizarre TV classic -- an utterly
convincing, because utterly unintentional, portrayal of himself as paranoid.
 How else could one explain his insistence that he was a target of a ''new
McCarthyism'' by the press? Inman named only three columnist critics, just
one of whom had been harsh. Most press reaction to his appointment had in
fact been admiring, even excessively so.
 And what was one to make of his contention that New York Times columnist
William Safire and Senate Republican leader Bob Dole had cooked up a deal:
Safire would ''turn up the heat'' on the Whitewater scandal if Dole would
take a ''partisan look'' at the nominee? Inman says he heard that from two
Senators, but hardly anyone in Washington believed there was any
conspiracy. ''I think he was given bad information,'' says Arizona
Republican Senator John McCain, a close friend. Others speculated that
Inman had read implications of hostility into one of Dole's wisecracks.
The admiral has never disclosed his party affiliation. Dole quipped that
he seemed to be a ''Gergen Republican'' -- and Inman cited that remark on
TV.  There were other explanations for Inman's behavior -- in particular,
speculation that he bowed out because he feared disclosure of some
damaging secret. But what could it be? Whispers have been going around
Washington that Inman is a closet gay. Inman, however, has met them head
on. He told the ABC-TV affiliate back home in Austin, Texas, that he is
not homosexual, but ''I have gay friends. I deliberately ((sought them
out)) to try to understand them . . . If that starts rumors, so be it.''
 Commentators raised three other matters: Inman's failure to pay taxes on
wages of a housekeeper; the 1988 bankruptcy of Tracor, a major defense
manufacturer, after an investment group headed by Inman bought it out; and
a letter to a judge defending the patriotism of James Guerin, a
businessman who had been convicted of illegal sales of weapons technology
to South Africa.  Safire opines that ''Inman was protecting himself'' against disclosures
about ''his defense-related business activities over the last 10 years''
and that his fulminations against the press were ''a smoke screen.'' But
it is not at all certain that anything remains to be discovered. The basic
facts, and Inman's responses, have long been a matter of public record. In
an interview with TIME, Inman stressed his extreme reluctance to take the
job in the first place -- which helps explain his hypersensitivity to
criticism that someone avid for Cabinet rank might shrug off. He says he
became so tense and grouchy in intelligence work that it took the first 10
of his 12 years in private life for him to relax. His wife Nancy had begun
to make a career for herself as a photographer and dreaded returning to
Washington. On Dec. 14, says Inman, he called the White House to refuse
the job offer; it took 15 hours of argument by Secretary of State Warren
Christopher, an old friend, and two White House aides to change his mind.  Inman then packed the family -- Nancy, two grown sons and a
daughter-in-law -- off to Vail, Colorado, for some skiing. Over the
kitchen table in their vacation home, the family perused daily copies of
the Early Bird, a Pentagon summary of press clippings that was faxed to
them. Inman thought he heard a drum roll of growing criticism that might
not have stopped confirmation but could have aborted his major project:
instituting reforms in procurement that would save enough billions so the
Pentagon's budgets could be stretched far enough to cover its
weapons-buying plans. On Jan. 8 he wrote a letter of withdrawal, though he
delayed the announcement until after President Clinton's European trip.  To most other observers, the criticism amounted to popgun shots drowned
out by a 21-gun salute from most of the press and the Washington
establishment. During much of his government career -- as head of Naval
Intelligence and later of the supersecret National Security Agency, and
finally, in 1980-81, as No. 2 at the CIA -- Inman had been a liaison
between the intelligence community, the press and Congress. He was highly
regarded by journalists -- including Strobe Talbott, then a TIME
correspondent, now Clinton's choice to be Deputy Secretary of State -- and
on Capitol Hill as a rare source who always returned phone calls and
discussed intelligence matters with remarkable candor and accuracy. It
was, in fact, the prospect of having a Pentagon chief who would win
bipartisan applause in the press and Congress that led Clinton to accept
the urgings of Christopher, Talbott, David Gergen and others to select
Inman.  Friends say, though, that Inman always had a thin skin. As an
intelligence officer he managed to stay in the background, giving
information to the press and Congress mostly on a not-for-attribution
basis. But as a nominee for the Cabinet, he began reading criticisms of
himself by name and went ballistic.  Of the three columnists Inman named as engaging in personal attacks,
however, Anthony Lewis of the New York Times and Ellen Goodman of the
Boston Globe mainly questioned his judgment, and in not overly harsh
language. After Inman's press conference, Goodman quipped that ''maybe he
was auditioning for the starring role in 'The Prince and the Pea' '' -- an
allusion to the fairy tale about a princess so sensitive that even a
single pea under a pile of mattresses would keep her from sleeping.
 Safire, in a column Dec. 23, called Inman ''manipulative and deceptive .
. . a flop . . . arrogant'' and accused him of telling one ''transparent
lie.'' There has been bad blood between the two for more than a decade.
Inman says it began when, at the CIA, he canceled Israeli access to some
U.S. intelligence data. Safire, he says, fruitlessly protested to Inman's
boss, William Casey. Safire denies it. He says he aroused Inman's fury by
fingering him as the source who told journalists falsely that Israel was
trying to provoke the U.S. into an attack on Libya. Inman says he did no
such thing.
 Safire is probably the most influential columnist in Washington, admired
and feared as one of the few whose pieces reflect hard-digging reporting
as well as strong personal views. But he denies conducting a vendetta
against Inman. ''I don't think I've written more than three columns about
Inman in the last 10 years,'' he says. But outside the Beltway, many
thought Inman's decision highlighted a growing personal nastiness in press
and political discourse that might keep able and sensible people out of
public office.  After watching Inman's TV performance, a White House official voiced a
common opinion: ''Better now than in three months,'' when Inman might have
been confirmed and actually running the Pentagon. Clinton's aides turn
aside any suggestions that they and the President misjudged Inman with an
and-you're-another argument. Says an aide to the President: ''It's pretty
hard for the media, after heaping all that praise on him, to say the White
House should have known.'' Nonetheless, the Inman debacle, coming after
Zoe Baird, Kimba Wood, Lani Guinier and the present Defense Secretary, Les
Aspin, cannot help casting new doubt on Clinton's ability to make
selections he does not come to regret.
 Inman's self-immolation also leaves a gaping hole in the Cabinet. Already
two of the President's prospective top choices have declined to be
considered: Sam Nunn, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and
Warren Rudman, a former Republican Senator from New Hampshire. (Their
public refusals were also embarrassing to the White House, which countered
by saying neither had been formally offered the job.) Much speculation now
centers on William Perry, a Deputy Secretary of Defense who met with
Clinton for an hour on Friday and is highly regarded both at the Pentagon
and in Congress. Whoever is chosen had better be able to absorb sharp
criticism. It would also be a relief if both the future Secretary and the
critics would argue about policy and not only about personality. Reported by Hilary Hylton/Austin and Julie Johnson and Elaine
Copyright 1994 Time Inc. All rights reserved.
Transmitted:  94-01-23 12:41:18 EST

@_date: 1994-01-24 19:06:43
@_author: or most 
@_subject: Re: REMAIL: Cover traffic 
Jim Miller writes,
However, there would be a record of addresses which anonymous mail had
been sent to- probably not a good idea.  Julf's anonymizer has such a
record, but I thought part of the idea of the cypherpunk remailers was to
eliminate these records.
I do find the digital postage discussion interesting... perhaps this would
be a way Julf could pay the bills on his system.  How exactly would this
work?  Would a "stamp" be a large random number?  Would a stamp be tagged
to prevent use by another user, or remain individually anonymous, but PK
encrypted to the purchaser?  Would full fledged Chaumian digital cash be
Perhaps creating remailer stamps would be the best way to actually
implement a test bed for the Cypherpunk Credit union.  Start small with
remailer stamps, work the bugs out of the system, then slowly expand.

@_date: 1994-01-31 20:30:27
@_author: hopefully shorter 
@_subject: Comments Requested for preso outline 
Fellow c*punks,
I plan on creating several informational sessions on net legal issues here at Miami University.  Use of E-mail has risen considerably in just the last year.  Most users of this e-mail have no idea how the words move from their screen to the screen of the addressee, much less government attempts to regulate cryptography.  I want to create an overview of no more than an hour (hopefully shorter) that will cover many of the important issues involved.  The meetings will be followed by PGP distribution and key generation on Mac and MS-DOS platforms.
The following outline is "version 0.1" of what I would like to explain.  Unfortunately, I believe the outline needs to be considerably edited.  The main problems are 1) Keeping interest, and 2) Making concepts of cryptography understandable for people who are not mathematicians or I would appreciate any input, criticisms, suggestions any of you have.  Mainly, I'm looking for ideas about the best way to teach a basic, conceptual understanding of public key cryptography and digital I don't expect every person who shows up to start encrypting their communications.  What I aim to do is increase awareness, mainly about the activities of their government, and to distribute PGP.  These will be people interested in the future of the net as end users, not as code-
writers or hackers.  I want to educate them about the policies, being formed now, that will affect the net for decades.
- -john.

@_date: 1994-02-03 20:14:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Prodigy Hard Drive Scans 
I heard from a friend that Prodigy was scanning user's hard drives. Basically, when you logged on Prodigy made a complete directory of your
hard drive and uploaded it.  Prodigy was using this to find out what
applications you used so they could direct the appropriate advertising
towards you.  Apparently, they're suffering several lawsuits now because
of it.
My friend heard this on the trailing end of a radio talk show.  If it was
really happening, it sounds horrible.  Could Secure Drive be set up to
stop this kind of attack?
Can anyone tell me if this is more than a rumour?  If it is more than a
rumour, would you be able to point me towards some information about this?

@_date: 1994-02-09 14:47:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: thanks for prodigy info 
Thanks to everyone who squashed Prodigy hard drive scan rumour.
-john.

@_date: 1994-02-16 14:10:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Key Server List Request 
Is there a list of all of the currently operational PGP Keyservers
available?  If so, I'd appreciate a copy.
Thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-02-25 23:26:50
@_author: I protect myself and my position, at the expense of others or not. 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
Something which comes up frequently on this list, and in other forums, is
the term "the government."
At which point does "the government" cease to be a collection of
individuals, and become the faceless entity we call _the government_.  Are
the individuals in the government simply operating on the same utiltarian,
anarchists maxims that are preached time and time again: if I don't get X
out of transaction Y, then I won't do it?  Would a Cyperpunk, operating
on the extreme individualism proclaimed on this discussion list do any
different than a tyrant?
(I protect myself and my position, at the expense of others or not.)

@_date: 1994-02-28 21:39:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: standard for stefonography? 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but the "Standard Stego" package that has been discussed could operate like the "stealth ocean" ideas that have been discussed.  Some sort of hash function defines "random-like" bits to be accessed in a consecutive form.  These bits can be located in a hard drive full of digitized noise, a jpeg or gif file, a CD, or any other large chunk of data.  The access mechanism can be standardized.  Without the key string, you don't know which bits are random and which are data.

@_date: 1994-03-16 14:42:45
@_author: 513 
@_subject: FOIA text 
Does anyone know an ftp site where I can find the full text of the Freedom of Information Act?

@_date: 1994-03-28 00:21:44
@_author: comments appreciated 
@_subject: personal manifesto (comments appreciated) 
The following is my manifesto of net.beliefs.  I recognize their lack of precision, their foundation in principles of faith, and their lack of a clear vehicle for realization.  I do not profess them to be a statement of cypherpunk beliefs.  I do submit them for discussion, criticism, suggestion, rant, or flame.  If you disagree this is your chance to educate a misguided individual with hopelessly antiquated beliefs.  If you agree, this is your chance to point out badly constructed arguments, awkward sentences, repetition, and poor word choice.
I cannot work for something unless I know what it is IUm working for.
1)	My vision of the Net is utopian, or I would not spell it as I do, with a capitol N.  While the most likely possibility is that the Net will simply mirror current society, a Net of this structure would fail to realize its potential as an agent of social change.
2)	The Net has the potential to become the greatest de-centralizing force in the history of humanity.  The potential ability of the individual to cheaply reach, and organize, vast numbers of like-minded individuals is unprecedented.
3)	Current arguments for regulation of cryptography by government agencies depend on the argument they are maintaining their current abilities in the brave new world of cyberspace.  I argue that even if this were the case, we have a responsibility to do more than simply maintain the status quo.  This argument can be mapped to possible future objections by authorities.
4)	It is the responsibility of the information haves to spread their knowledge to the information have-nots.  A Net which allows the economic exploitation of information have-nots by those with the information is, while perhaps profitable, immoral.  Information wants to be free.  Knowledge which is not of a personal nature should be freely accessible.
5)	Along with these positive potentials, it is possible for the Net to be constructed in such a way as to allow the formation of the most powerful authoritarian societies the world has ever seen.  The potential for the death of the Individual, just as for the empowerment of the Individual, is very real.  We must work to prevent totalitarianism.
6)	The Net is no better than its users.  Current crises of economic inequality, of homelessness and hunger, will not be affected by the Net unless we work to change them in pre-Net society.  People cannot participate in a democratic society if they are not educated to a minimal level required for functioning in that society.  This is the crux of our societal problems, as well as the crux of possible problems with the Net.
7)	It is better to help oneUs fellow human than to hurt.  It is better to give than to receive.  Equally, one human has an enormous capacity to injure and exploit another human.  We must decide which ability we wish to empower, and judge which we actually do.
8)	There are fundamental problems with the structure of society.  Realizing the democratic vision of the Net is a way to re-structure society.  My hope is that this restructuring will create a better society than the one I know.  I recognize it can be worse-- much worse.  With vigilance, it will not be.
9)	My beliefs are hopelessly utopian.  I have faith in democratic principles to shape society into a more just social hierarchy.  This faith must not be confused with certainty.  It is impossible to predict the shape of the society which will be created.  A few risks are of the tyranny of the majority, and the willful formation of totalitarian dictatorships (hyperlink Weimar Germany).  The will of the people is impossible to define, much less judge, gauge, measure or regulate.  We must be satisfied with approximations.
10)	All actions have moral implications.  Ignoring these implications
is irresponsible and, yes... immoral.
- -john.

@_date: 1994-03-28 13:01:56
@_author: 513 
@_subject: Bruce Sterling's Speech 
I greatly enjoyed Bruce Sterling's speec/rant/assessment of the entire CFP conference on Saturday afternoon.  Does anybody know if he will be posting the text of that speech on-line (as he has of other presentations he has made) or if somebody w/ access to one of the tapes of the speech will post a transcription?  If someone can get me a bootleg, I would be willing to do the typing.

@_date: 1994-03-28 17:12:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Shirt project 
The "1984" T-shirt was suggested by one of the NSA reps at the CFP conference.  I started puting one togethor.  Several of my friends at CFP were interested in the design.  I thought that on the back I might make a list of government policies which are eroding civil rights.
I'll make a GIF available if anyone is interested.

@_date: 1994-04-07 10:58:05
@_author: 513 
@_subject: 1984 NSA T-Shirt Available! 
I've come up with a design for the 1984 NSA t-shirt idea which I am finally happy with.  To check it out, fire up Mosaic and jump to:
The design is approximately:
        1984
        +---+
        +---+
"We're Behind Schedule"
National Security Agency
The text is EuroStyle, a very imposing, modern looking sans serif font.  The eye will be printed in a coarse grained half-tone, which should silk-screen pretty well.
The back is the Cyber Rights Now! Logo from Wired Magazine.
I think it will look best in white ink on a dark color shirt, like black, dark blue, maroon, or dark green.  I like black best, but that's just me.  I will check with the t-shirt printers about flexibility with colors.
I figure I'll be asking $15 for the shirt, same as the Cypherpunk Criminal shirt.  I welcome comments, criticisms, suggestions.
If anybody knows the name, and preferably, address, of the guy from the NSA who inspired the design at CFP, could you pass it my way?  I've forgotten his name.  I would like to thank him, and send him one free of If you don't have access to a mosaic client, e-mail me and I'll mail you a uuencoded gif.

@_date: 1994-04-07 22:21:34
@_author: 513 
@_subject: possible FTP site volunteer? 
This may be a lot to ask, would anyone be willing to volunteer a little space on an ftp site for the 1984 NSA t-shirt gifs?  While its easy for me to set up an http page here, its not so easy for me to get the gif onto an anonymous ftp site.  The response has been considerably greater than I imagined, and it would be a lot simpler just to get it on an ftp site somewhere, and will provide more prompt turn-around time, than for me to mail it out.  You'd get a complimentary shirt out of the deal :)

@_date: 1994-04-08 01:03:57
@_author: learning more and more about html 
@_subject: 1984 NSA T-Shirt Access for Lynx Users! 
To all users w/ access to Lynx, but not Mosaic:
I have reconfigured t-shirt.html to support Lynx.  Obviously, the gif
cannot be displayed on-screen directly by Lynx, but can now be downloaded
to your disk by Lynx.  At this point, you can use the gif viewer of your
choice to look at the images. The URL is the same:
(learning more and more about html)

@_date: 1994-04-08 09:45:02
@_author: 513 
@_subject: 1984 Shirt Ordering Info 
1984 NSA T-shirt ordering information:
The shirt will be printed in white ink on a dark colored shirt.  The
shirts are 100% Cotton.  Available sizes are L, XL, and XXL, and available
colors are black, navy, dark green, and maroon. The price is $15, which includes postage and handling.  Make your check or money order out to "John Blair" and send it to:
1984 T-Shirt
John Blair
210 Mary Lyon
Oxford, OH 45056
Be sure to include the requested size and color, as well as an e-mail address for confirmation of the order, and a snail-mail address to send the shirt to.  Students: be sure you include an address you will be at after May 14.
I must recieve your order by Wed., April 27.  It is possible that there will be extra shirts avaiable to people after this date, or a second printing run for late orders, but I can only guarentee shirts to orders recieved by this day.  Assuming all goes well, I will have the shirts in the mail by Sat., May 14.
Thanks to all who have offered suggestions while I was refining the design, and for all the un-expected interest.
A reminder: The shirt is available for viewing at
This is accesable by Mosaic or Lynx.  Lynx will download gifs of the design to your own disk.
It will be available soon via anonymous ftp.  I will post the address when that is confirmed.
Thanks again,

@_date: 1994-04-10 21:52:11
@_author: 513 
@_subject: ftp sites for 1984 NSA shirt 
The NSA 1984 shirt is now available at the following ftp sites:
It is still available for web surfers at:
Thanks to Mark Henderson and Jonathon Corbett for making the design Contact me at:
if you would like the ordering information again.

@_date: 1994-04-23 20:48:25
@_author: 513 
@_subject: current remailer list? 
Would someone please forward me, or tell me know where I can find, a current list of remailers?
I am no longer on the general cypherpunks list-- please e-mail me directly.
thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-04-23 23:45:48
@_author: 513 
@_subject: Re: current remailer list? 
Before my mailbox is filled with answers, thanks to Karl Lui Barrus for answering my request for a remailer list.

@_date: 1994-07-18 22:46:56
@_author: 513 
@_subject: y'all gotta see True Lies 
Hey y'all, check it out!  The cypherpunks better go to the movies!
I just got back from True Lies, the latest Arnie flick.  I recommend y'all
go see it.  Hollywood's managed to push the collective american button yet
another time, ladies and gentlemen.  Where's the "Dr. Strangelove" of the
90's when we need it? I'll make a short list:
1) Passionate Arabs driven to find there revenge through stolen Soviet
nuclear weapons. 2) A "blanket order" to a vague, unknown government agency to wire tap
anything they feel like. 3) Fear that, because there are no customs or controls regulating traffic
between the Florida Keys and the mainland, the terrorists will be able to
drive anywhere with their fancy nuclear weapon. 4) After summoning the skill to purchase a nuclear weapon, smuggle it into
the United States undetected (except for the suspicions of our amazing
Arnie and his crack team), and detonate one of them in the Keys, still
unable to work a video camera with reliability (oh, those crazy wacko
arabs!  Oh the magic of Hollywood!)
5) Of course, every hacker in the audience noticed that the rich
multinational zillionaire is unable to choose encryption secure enough to
fend off an attack on minutes in length using computer equipment in a van! What was he using to hide his records?  Enigma? 6) Oh yeah, the women are unable to do anything except talk on the phone,
get into catfights, give men blowjobs, and kill people by accident.  The
only female villain is clever, but the screenplay is sure to point out
that she has not principle other than the dollar (or yen, pound, mark,
etc).  This is a very male film, even without getting into that old 60's
cliche about missiles being penis extensions. 7) Luckily, amid all the casual death in the name of national security and
the american way, we have Arnie pointing out that "he only kills bad
people."  Reminds me of the time I was at the Space and Rocket Center in
Huntsville, right after the Gulf War.  They had a patriot missile on
display, along with the wreckage of a "busted scud."  A mother pointed to
the missile, saying to her son, "Look, its the patriotic missile."  I am
not making this up. Y'all better get crackin', you clever cypherpunks.  We sit here and chat
about the National ID card, and argue about the best way to not pay our
taxes (should I lease my car from a front, or buy it from the Mafia?  What
if I get a speeding ticket?).  Meanwhile, the REAL MEDIA, the MOVIES, the
TV, and all the other DRUGS most of America uses to ignore their
surroundings are giving people the armor to fend off all the reason in the
world we will ever cook up. "You can see, as the movie 'True Lies' showed, its relatively easy for a
group of Arab terrorists to land in America and cruise up the coast with a
nuclear weapon!  Just think how easy it is for some Joe to walk on in with
a kilo taped to his belly, and feed it to your kids!  Worse, a whole
family of Mexicans could sneak in and collect YOUR welfare check!
(pregnant mother giving birth the moment she steps on American soil!" Choose whatever villain you wish for the delivery.  The lefties can
imagine Ronnie Boy calming us with his liquid voice.  Those of other
persuasions can choose Billary Klinton, promising us health and benefits. Maybe I'll imagine that guy my parents told me about... I think his name
was Mixon or something like that. I doubt it'll matter who's holding the wheel. I think the car's driving If anyone has a good monkeywrench, send it my way.

@_date: 1994-07-31 09:04:07
@_author: 513 
@_subject: most recent remailier list wanted 
Asking the often posted question...
Where's the most recent remailer list located at?
thanks in advance,

@_date: 1994-12-14 20:40:53
@_author: mostly from the cp archive 
@_subject: 1984 T-shirt news 
More news about the 1984 NSA Shirt:
A while ago, David Morrison, of the National Journal (a weekly political
commentary journal) contacted me about the 1984 shirt.  It turns out somebody else had been wearing one around the office, and he liked the design.  He bought one from me, and asked me to send him some information about the issue clipper issue.  I packed up a shirt, printed out various articles on both sides of the clipper issue (mostly from the cp archive) wrote up a short summary of each, and included a bit of my own views on the issue.  I also included a copy of Tim May's FAQ on a 3.5 inch disk.
At any rate, yesterday in the mail I received two copies of the Dec. 10, 1994 National Journal.  On p. 2883 (the very first non-advertising page), at the bottom, a box contained a picture of the shirt, w/ the headline "Looks Like a Cheap Chip Shot."  The brief text reads:
More on the "Clipper" chip, the eavesdroppable encryption key pushed by the National Security Agency: Hearing an NSA spook jest that Big Brother was running 10 years behind schedule, John. D. Blair of Cypherpunks, an anarcho-libertarian Internet group--designed the eye-catching T-shirt at left.  "My feelings about its illegitimacy are pretty strong," said Blair, who has sold 250 of the anti-chip shirts on the Net.  NSA chief counsel Stewart A. Baker raps Clipper criticism as "the long delayed revenge of people who couldn't go to Woodstock because they had too much trig homework."
I don't think the NSA spook part is fair to Kenneth Olthaff, the spook that inspired the shirt.  Too bad he didn't include my e-mail address, as well ;)
Seriously, though, I've found the shirt has been a good way to get people
talking about Clipper, and related issues, here at super-conservative,
very pro establishment Miami University (oxford, OH).  Its created some
inquiry where people had no idea there was even anything to inquire about
(or have even heard of the NSA in the first place). If any of you want to resell them, e-mail me and we can work out a deal that makes it worth your time, as well as spread the word about Clipper.
The crude web page is still in place with basic info at:
- -john.
