
@_date: 1994-07-29 08:09:44
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Just say NYET to kneejerking 
Agreed.  You may love sailing and decide to live near a busy harbor.
But if you have children, you will probably want low fences between them
and the water.	When they get older and have better judgement and motor
control, they will also be able to step over the low fence.  This is
the way that most human beings handle their children, with restrictions
that disappear gradually as the children grow up.
The Internet is a wild and exciting place.  You want your children to
get to know it.  But you would also like a way to build little fences
between them and some things that they are just too young to deal with.
How do you do it?

@_date: 1994-07-29 11:52:19
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Just say NYET to kneejerking 
My little fences are on my land.  If you cross over my little fences, so
are you.
I think that what I was trying to politely suggest is that the proper
place for the proposed access restrictions is not out there on every
system on the Internet, but instead on your own system.
Politeness rarely does any harm.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-07-31 06:34:52
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: penet hack 
I got a message from anon.penet.fi this morning:
and so forth.
I have never sent any messages using the remailer.  So whoever
is fiddling with the remailer is still doing it.  Is it a coincidence
that I posted to this list for the first time a few days ago?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-07-31 12:14:43
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: FW: No SKE in Daytona and other goodies 
If you see a guy skulking in a dark alley with a gun, a knife, and a
large club, do you debate whether he is of necessity about to use them?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-01 09:10:21
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous code name allocated. // penet hack 
... and so forth
I did not send any message using the remailer and I would be grateful
if the account were killed.  Is everybody on the cypherpunks list
getting this sort of harassment or is it just me?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-02 03:40:51
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: The Terrorists are coming! 
How do you know?
Ahem.  Uzbekistan is Muslim, and is also the third or fourth largest
nuclear power, and also is in a part of the world where there is a
long tradition of ... how do I say it gently ... greasing the palm.
I spent quite a while next door in Afghanistan and am familiar with
the culture.
A large part of the former USSR was Muslim and there were strategic and
tactical nuclear weapons scattered all over the place (tactical weapons
are used as mines, fired from artillery pieces, carried by short range
missiles, and dropped from fighter bombers).  If none of these is
unaccounted for, it is a genuine miracle.
Also, there has been quite a lot of press coverage here in the UK of
the defector from Saudi Arabia who claims that (a) the Saudis backed both
the Iraqi and the Pakistani nuclear programs and (b) the Saudis at
least have some nuclear materials.
Also not true.	The total number killed directly and indirectly in
Japan alone by atomic bombs is certainly over 100,000.	I can't believe
that that many people have been killed by lightning on golf courses!
Then again, we are talking about elementary arithmetic.  Yes, the
probability of someone being killed by lightning on a golf course
tomorrow is much much higher than that of the detonation of a nuclear
weapon in a populated area.  But when that nuclear weapon goes off,
it's not going to be just one golfer that gets scorched.
Pork barrel?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-02 03:41:23
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: The Terrorists are coming! 
Here in the UK we read about lots of terrorist groups, not just the IRA:
ETA in Spain, Kurds (blew up someone in London a few months ago), Iranis
(killed someone in Paris recently), Chchernians (spelling?? -- assasinated
someone in London a couple of months ago), the Mafia, North Koreas
(two separate events in the last few years, a hundred or so people killed
each time), the Animal Liberation Front (blew up a bomb here in Bristol,
injuring a baby), ... there are lots of them.
Maybe you should subscribe to a London newspaper.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-02 12:33:57
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
It's a much more general phenomenon that that.  Two or three years ago,
two doctors working for the National Health Service in the northeast of
England began applying new diagnostic techniques routinely while examining
children.  They found that some children had been sexually abused and the
children were taken into care.	They began widening the use of the
techniques and more children were taken into care with formal charges
against parents etc being prepared by the police.  The number of people
involved expanded rapidly until it became clear that the two doctors
were claiming that at least 20% (and climbing) of the population were
sexually abusing their children.  At this point credibility disappeared,
support vanished, and the doctors were moved to new jobs.
At the high point, children who fell off their bikes were being snatched
out of emergency units, checked for "signs of sexual abuse", and usually
found to have them.  Then they were transferred to social workers who
used extremely suggestive interrogation techniques which confirmed the
doctors' [wacky] diagnoses.  The doctors and social workers claimed to
have the interests of the children in mind, and they looked sincere.
But at some point the insanity of what they were doing became utterly
apparent.  They took children away from their parents because they were
being abused.  The children were put into foster homes.  The doctors
examined them again and found that they were still being abused.  So the
children were moved again.  It became apparent that soon all of the
children in the North East were going to have to be put into care, and
most of the adults were going to be charged with child abuse.  The
people at the center of the affair never saw that they were wrong.
At more or less the same time, social workers raided an island off the
Scottish coast and took most of the children, claiming that the
islanders were engaging in devil worship.  The same type of aggressive
interviewing techniques were used -- suggestive demonstrations,
questions repeated on into the night until the 'right' answer was
supplied, sweets and other rewards given for telling the right story.
Although a commission later found that the charges were without
substance, many of the children still have not been returned.
It's not just the US government.  Personally I believe that some
fraction of the population is authoritarian in temperament and some
fraction is credulous, and that these attributes are uncorrelated and
distributed at random.	The credulous authoritarian types can be very
dangerous.  They like uniforms.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-03 03:06:55
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: The Terrorists are coming! 
In this case, "common knowledge" = "not true".
Uzbekistan has several ICBM sites.  Some of the ICBMs are MIRVed, with
maybe 10 warheads each.  I think that Uzbekistan may outclass China.  I
have never heard claims that India had more than 100 warheads.	The
Ukraine also has many ICBMs and I would assume outranks India and Israel.
I also believe that France outclasses both India and Israel.  And Britain
has nuclear submarines carrying thermonuclear weapons, tactical weapons
carried by fighter/bombers, etc.  What is your authority for this ranking??
I DEFINED the term "tactical".	I mentioned no grunts.	The Soviets certainly
had tactical nuclear weapons of every type that I mentioned, and more (nuclear
torpedoes, for example).  Their plans for the invasion of Europe have been
published.  These plans included the heavy use of tactical nuclear weapons
in every theater.  Their strategic weapons would have been used on America.
I saw him interviewed on TV, his IQ seemed to be fairly high.  130+ ?
But ... no one disputes the claim that the Saudis backed weapons
development in Iraq; the Saudis freely admit it.  They deny only
the reports about nasty (nuclear, chemical, and biological) weapons.
And in the next line you admit it yourself.
By this point, you've lost track of what you are saying.  The USA is
similarly guilty of funding Iraqi development of nuclear weapons??
[I made a reference to the atomic bombing of Japan]
My dictionary does not define the term 'terrorist' that way.  The Japanese
started the war with the US by bombing Pearl Harbor, the US ended it by
bombing Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  It was a nasty war on all sides.  Any
soldier knows that the best way to win is to induce terror in your
opponent.  But the term 'terrorist' is not used for soldiers engaged in
open warfare.  It normally refers to those who make clandestine attacks
with the purpose of inducing terror in civilians.
If you hijack an airliner, you are a terrorist.  If you firebomb Dresden,
what you have done may be sickening, but you are not a terrorist.  You are
a soldier in a brutal war.  Most wars of any length get brutal.
The style of argument used here is very 1984.  Words are used in abnormal
ways, people are demonized (Israel, America), contradictions are stated
in the same sentence, vilification replaces logic.
And also, comments were asked to be sent by email, and then edited
before being replied to in public.  Not good.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-03 06:20:35
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Egalitarianism vs. Strong Cryptography 
Look closely.  He says that (a) he likes strong, centralized societies
but (b) they are dangerous.  Sometimes you like dangerous things.
Personally I am very much against high taxes, but once again there is
no real contradiction in these viewpoints.  You will need the high
taxes to pay for all the tax inspectors trained in cryptography.
You can't, unless you are willing to kill everyone with any spirit.
But you can vote him down.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-03 12:37:36
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: encryption and Ham Radio 
For those interested in wireless Internet communications, this
might be of interest:
In message < The next gereration of RF devices will make wireless, point to
< point links, of 5-20 miles, very inexpensive. Small businesses
< and individuals can build their own AS and negotiate with
< national operators to get inter-connectivity! Options are increasing
< daily, I just hope the RF chipsets can be purchased in the USA
< and WE will not have to go overseas!
< CFTnet, the ISP of which I'm part of, is currently prototyping
< an inexpensive board that combines, modems, ethernet, a unix OS,
< ISDN ports, T1 or 56K ports, and network security features, into a
< single system. I'm certain other designers are being creative
< concurrently.
< The  marketing strategy with this board is to offer, FLAT RATE
< access, in every city in America. The board operates on 48VDC,
< for telco co-location, or 115vac. Hopefully, the board will be in
< production in 3-5 months. It seems that several of the
< 'behind the technology innovation curve' telcos are interested in
< jumping into the flat rate party. < Names withheld >
< Communication systems will continue to get less expensive, as
< technology progresses and RF spectrum gets re-allocated to
< non-licensed uses. Append to this argument: the 'HDSL, High Data-rate
< Subscriber Line chipsets that convert ordinary POTS into T1 lines and dark
< fiber companies and you get an enormous increase in bandwidth, at reduced
< prices.
[much stuff snipped]
< Packet filtering may just  give the internet hacker/cracker
< community a new target. I've heard that now the Ci--- routers have
< been comprimised and that 'source routing and virtual interfaces'
< are the latest tool of the DARK side of the NET?
< *******************************************************************
< * Creative Friendly Technologies		  813 980 1317	    *
< * James Horton, CFTnet Operations		  horton *
< *******************************************************************
It is interesting that if in fact the FCC does forbid encryption
of wireless Internet traffic, it opens the way for hacking on a
massive scale.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-04 13:41:28
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
The problem of designing a reliable and trusted remailer network is
a generalization of the problem of constructing a reliable Internet and
so many of the solutions can be the same.  The structure of the
Internet has been gone over and over again for twenty years or so
and is probably optimal.
This suggests that
   *	all packets should be acknowledged
   *	messages should be broken down into packets which are routed
   *	users should communicate with trusted gateways
   *	users should be accessible through a hierarchy of logical names
   *	gateways should be known to users only through their logical
   *	the gateways should frequently exchange routing information
   *	that routing information should have an expiry date
   *	gateway operators can choose who they announce routing
   *	users may have accounts with gateways and be charged for
    *	gateway operators can settle accounts between each other
    *	system software should be obtained [only] from trusted sites;
Specifically cryptographic elements are easily added to the system
    *	all inter-gateway traffic should be encoded
    *	packets can be delayed for random intervals
    *	routing of packets can be somewhat stochastic; that is, you
    *	packets can be fragmented and padded with noise at random
    *	noise packets can be added at random
    *	route selection, packet fragmentation, and noise generation
The following suggestions raised in recent postings are included
in this scheme:
    *	cjl's MIRV capability (except that it is supplied by the
    *	Jidan's noise injection
    *	Rochkind's stability-from-being-paid and web-of-trust notions
    *	Markowitz's automated contacts between mailers
    *	a form of digital postage
    *	Rochkind's pinging
The following are very easily supported by the scheme:
    *	a form of digital cash (the gateway operator would run a tab
    *	digital signatures
    *	message transfer via custom Internet protocols as well as
    *	users could specify the degree of confidentiality required
Where email is used to transfer messages, the format used should be
a subset of that specified in the SMTP RFCs.  Restricting the structure
of the headers would simplify the remailer software at little cost
to the user.
The use of alt.x groups to exchange gateway information does not seem
to add anything to this system; in fact it would seem to make it easier
to spoof the system.
There could be multiple remailer nets, some commercial (paid for)
and some free.	The commercial networks could choose to exchange
traffic with the free networks at no charge.
Commercial remailers would probably be very concerned with legal
issues, both criminal (pornography, etc) and non-criminal (copyright
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:46:21
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: RemailerNet 
If you look at the history of the Internet, there have been some free
Internet services, but the ones that have thrived have been paid.
(If the government or your school subsidizes your Internet access,
it may appear free to you, but the staff all get their paychecks every
If it is built like the Internet, it will do just that.
There are two things being blurred together here which should be kept
distinct.  The first is gateway-to-gateway announcements.  The second
is advertising of the RemailerNet gateways to the wider world.
Generally I would expect gateways to introduce themselves to one
another privately and negotiate an understanding.  Part of this will
normally take place off the Net.  This is an infrequent event, and
so can be time-consuming and expensive.  The basic web of trust is
that between gateways.	Once gateways had entered into a relationship,
there would be frequent encrypted private traffic between them
which would maintain the trust.
Gateways can also announce their presence to the wider world, and
publish their public keys.  This could be done in alt.RemailerNet or
it could be done in alt.internet.services, or any of several other
places, or all of these.  Any information published in alt.RemailerNet
would be suspect, because it could be a complete fabrication or it
could be a modified version of the correct posting.
Gateways could be started up by anyone and some postings to
alt.RemailerNet would be spurious.  The "gateway" could be a sink,
just tossing traffic sent to it, or it could copy all messages to a
TLA before forwarding them.  The user-gateway web of trust would
therefore be far more problematical. I think that this would function
as a market, and unreliable and untrustworthy gateways would be driven
out over time.
At the same time, there would be a constant bubbling up of new
remailer networks, because the software would be freely available
and the protocols well defined.  The longer lasting gateways that
proved trustworthy would in time join established networks.
Compiling a list of remailers, sure.  But if you let the user control
how messages are chained, you are inviting real traffic analysis.  The
user should only be able to specify his destination and the level of
security desired.
If the newsgroup is used as described above, RemailerNet itself is not
threatened; it is only the users that can be spoofed.  This level of risk
is unavoidable.  But gateways would never use the newsgroup for
inter-gateway communications, because (a) it would be redundant (they can
talk directly once they know each other and (b) you would have to assume
that anything posted to a newsgroup had been compromised.
Well ... if you follow this line of reasoning too far, you are just
saying 'nothing can be trusted, so don't bother being careful'.  If I
were running a remailer and someone posted his address in a public
newsgroup and said "hey, here I am, and I run a really good remailer"
I wouldn't trust him just because he signed it.  I would get in touch
with him, ask around about him, maybe run some low-security traffic
through his remailer for a while.  Then after some time I would raise
my estimate of his trustworthyness.  If he dropped traffic, if someone
reported that something that they had sent privately had been
compromised, I would drop him.
You already use the SMTP RFCs to exchange information -- this message
comes to you courtesy of those RFCs.  Email can have very complex headers
and they can be in pretty much any order. This makes it difficult to write
email software.  I am simply suggesting that we allow only the minimal
few headers, with possibly a few added to support RemailerNet protocols.
ASSIGNMENT OF ANONYMOUS IDs
These types of traffic are possible, where 'known' means your ordinary
email address:
There should be two anonymous IDs, one for sending, one for
I assume that anonymous IDs are never assigned automatically.  If you
want an anonymous ID pair, you ask the gateway for one, possibly
enclosing your public key encrypted with the gateway's public key.
The gateway returns your new IDs, encrypted if you you gave it a key.
The 'send' anonymous ID is used for sending messages from someone
else's account.   The gateway converts it into a 'receive' ID before
forwarding your message.
The 'receive' ID appears on your email after it goes through the gateway
and can also be passed to other parties who want to send you remailed
Additional security can be added by using a digital signature.	The
gateway could be instructed ignore messages lacking such a signature
or to take some specified action.
ELECTRONIC CASH
Ecash is easily added to such a system.  'Emints' would generate a
message containing a bank identifier and an encrypted value.  This
would be the ecash.  It could be given to anyone or anything.
Messages containing ecash would be encrypted.  The emint would
credit the account of the first person to present it, and would
bounce any copies presented subsequently.  Giving change would be
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:33:12
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: URGENT:  Please Tell Congress to Allow Encryption Export 
This has little to do with being a politician and even less with being
a US politician.  People at all levels everywhere at all times are willing
to pay for what they perceive as additional security.
Look at the world around you.  Just before the USSR collapsed, they were
well on their way towards building a world class navy, to counter the
"US threat".  This was a huge investment.  Singapore is armed to the
teeth, what the hell, most of Southeast Asia is armed to the teeth.  What
do the Chinese need nuclear missiles for?
At a more prosaic level, people everywhere splash out on life insurance
policies.  The insurance salesman's patter is much the same as the
generals' line when talking to the politicians in Washington.  Everyone
everywhere will pay for what they perceive as security.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-06 10:18:46
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
If you are using unmodified Internet hardware and TCP/IP as the underlying
transport system, then your point of entry into a remailer network
definitely knows which machine is originating a message and the point
of exit definitely knows where it is going.
If your transport system is the email system, the same holds true because
email runs on top of TCP/IP.  While fiddling with email headers may make
you feel secure, it gives you no protection.
It is a large project (say 30,000 lines of code, some of it at the kernel
level) to build a remailer network which does not use SMTP and TCP/IP.
From the scale of efforts that you are talking about, I assume that you do
not intend to do this.
So the remailer gateways know the source and destination addresses, they
know your electronic identity.	This may or may not lead them to your
physical identity.  That can be concealed fairly easily, especially in
large institutions with poor control over their network resources.  But
this has nothing to do with our discussion now.
Promiscuity leads to infection.  Each contact with a new RemailerNet
gateway increases the probability of your being compromised.
If you modify the proposed RemailerNet to allow reposting at gateways,
you have all of the benefits of the system described above, without
the risks.  Reposted messages would be encrypted with the far gateway's
public key.  The near gateway would then have no idea of the ultimate
destination of the message.  In a well designed system, the far
gateway would also not know the identity of the sender.
In the early to mid 1950s the FBI set out to penetrate Communist Party
USA cells.  At some point, when the fear of the Red Menace began to recede,
people began to talk.  The communists said, "you could always tell who
were the FBI agents.  They were the ones who paid their dues."  The FBI
was actually providing most of the funds for CPUSA.
If anyone cared enough, what they would do is (a) put up enough remailers
so that they were, say, a steady 80% of those announcing in the alt.x
group; (b) provide a good, reliable service nearly all of the time; and
(c) drive the other 20% out of business with a steady disinformation
campaign (rumors, complaints, etc) and other more aggressive tactics.
The FBI types running (a) and (b) would be well funded and they would
be the sort of steady, unimaginative people who run small businesses
well.  The CIA field agents masterminding (c) would be very well
funded network freaks, some of them ex-hackers.  They could operate
outside the USA and pay little or no attention to US laws.  Pity the
poor 20% in the face of such attacks.
Any traffic sent through this remailer network would have only a tiny
chance of getting through without being compromised.  If you picked
5 remailers, the chances of all being non-FBI would be about .2^5,
3 in 10,000.  The other 9,997 messages would be copied immediately
to Langley.
The proposed RemailerNet could be attacked in much the same way.  But
if the network were widely distributed so that gateways were in
different legal jurisdictions and different countries, and if most of
the people involved knew one another, it would be more difficult to
compromise it.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-06 10:19:38
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas 
There are some problems with vocabulary here and some conceptual
problems.  The objective is a system which is highly reliable and
resistant to traffic analysis.	If you have three messages in, one 10
bytes long, one 1000 bytes long, and one 1,000,000 bytes long, and you
send them out to three different destinations, it does not take
genius to see which is which, no matter what order they are dispatched
in.  But if you send them out as packets, each say 4096 bytes long,
with all packets acknowledged, and the routing of the packets is random,
and noise has been introduced ... traffic analysis is very difficult.
TCP/IP is designed to work in an environment which is unreliable but
also unhostile.  The sliding window algorithm and acknowledgement at
the message level is suitable for that environment.  TCP/IP has been
optimized for speed.
[stuff omitted]
The internal functioning of RemailerNet is not the same as the
functioning of the email system.  All RemailerNet communications are
reliable.  Packets are acknowledged and the acknowledgement includes
a hash of the packet contents, so that the packet cannot be tampered
with.  Acknowledgements will in general take different routes from
'Trust in silence' is a good term.  This can be enhanced in a number
of ways.  If you are corresponding with someone you know, you encrypt
your messages.	If you are corresponding with a stranger, you encrypt
your message with the public key of a far gateway; then post it to
the far gateway through a near gateway.  The near gateway knows who
is sending, but cannot read the message and does not know the
destination.  The far gateway decrypts the message before delivering
it, so it knows the message and the destination, but not the sender.
If you are sufficiently paranoid, you put your message inside
yet another envelope, mailing it through the near gateway to a
far gateway, which posts it on to another gateway, which finally
posts it to its destination.
Remailer gateways should be spread very wide geographically if the
network is to be secure.  If you are very concerned about anonymity,
bounce a message through gateways in, say, the USA, Finland, Russia,
and Ireland.  If your concerns are about your employer, say, the
probability of his getting at four different gateways in four
different jurisdictions simultaneously is vanishingly small.  If
your concerns are about governmental authorities, they are not
that much higher.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-06 10:30:57
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
No need to shout, we heard you the first time.	;-)
In a system that is carrying continuous traffic, random packet delay
is functionally identical to packet reordering.
If messages are fragmented, random delays on sending packets out is
functionally identical to reordering.
More importantly, RemailerNet as described defeats traffic analysis by
more significant techniques than reordering.  Reordering is a weak
technique.  The introduction of noise, 'MIRV'ing of messages,
fragmentation of messages, random choice of packet routes, and
encyphering of all traffic are stronger techniques.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-06 11:13:31
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
I really do not want to try to argue the legal issues here; I am not
a lawyer and claim no expertise.
At a practical level, if you were running, let us say, an Internet
Service Provider (ISP) and offered remailer services, you would in
time attract the business of people who used your services for
various unlawful purposes.  You could not stop this without going
through everyone's private mail.  This would itself probably be
illegal and certainly would lose you business.
I understand that Playboy magazine spends lots of money pursuing
people for copyright violations, and that criminal charges have been
filed by the authorities in Tennessee or Arkansas against someone
in California who sent them pornographic materials over a telephone
The Post Office has what is called in the UK "crown immunity"
against such prosecutions.  So do "common carriers" in the USA.
They are given special legal status.  I do not know, but I believe that
the telephone companies are legally common carriers.  As a
remailer gateway operator, you would probably have to argue things
out in court, which could be very expensive.  In the case of
criminal charges, you would have to expect to lose your equipment
for some time, and perhaps your freedom.
I suspect that legally the key step would be to never store messages
for any period of time.  It would be prudent to erase them as soon
as their receipt was verified.	This would also save disk space, and
it would be in line with the 'trust in silence' ethic.
I would do this and then publicize the fact that I did so widely.
This would discourage public prosecutors, who really don't like to
do futile things.  And I would incorporate the gateway and make
sure it wasn't worth a great deal.  This would discourage civil
suits; clients get very irritated when they win the lawsuit and
find that after all their legal expenses the target has filed for
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-06 12:02:45
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
My "if you are using unmodified ..." clause shows that I understand this.
You can send from a very large network and forge your TCP/IP or
(more difficult) Ethernet source address.  But I can sit on the same
network, build a table relating TCP/IP to ethernet (or whatever)
addresses, and filter out messages that should not be there.  There
are commerical packages that do this sort of thing.
Basically, this is a different topic.  One problem is designing a
generic software package and set of protocols that will allow you
to route mail anonymously.  This is a general problem.	The hacking
of specific networks is a different, if related, problem.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-07 04:39:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: RemailerNet 
Forgive my casual use of the English language.	"A may send from a very
large network and forge his or her TCP/IP or Ethernet source address.
But if B is on the same network, he or she can build a table ..."
The size of the source network is related to the difficulty of
determining which machine is forging addresses.  If you are ... sorry,
one is on a large network, forgery without detection is much easier.
Assuming idiocy on the part of correspondents may make for easy
and fast responses, but it injects an undue amount of noise.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-07 04:39:44
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
Sigh.  I say "A implies B".  You say, "not A, and so proposition is
incorrect".  In elementary logic, you are wrong.  IF the traffic is
continuous, THEN random delays introduce reordering.  The proposition
is completely obvious.	Do I really have to spell out a trivial
Under this modified assumption, you must remember that I proposed
that noise packets be introduced to defeat traffic analysis.  The
bursts will be smoothed out.  Not perfectly.
Many of the characteristics of TCP/IP derive from its design being
optimized for speed.  RemailerNet would give less importance to
speed, and more importance to opaqueness to traffic analysis.
Correct.  You assume details that have not been specified, and then
critique them at length.
If a message is fragmented into N packets, and then the dispatch time
slot for each packet is assigned randomly, the packets are reordered.
[Comments deleted ignore the fact that messages are fragmented, and
so are irrelevant.]
His arguments also ignore the fact that reordering messages of different
lengths is useless as a defense against traffic analysis, suggesting that
this is polemic rather than a serious argument.
I say again: reordering is not weak, it is irrelevant if messages are of
signficantly different lengths and are not fragmented.
If by "the above claims" you mean the preceding two sentences, I do

@_date: 1994-08-07 04:40:08
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
Yes, in an ideal world.  Each additional remailer introduces another
chance of being compromised.
But in an ideal remailer network operated by real human beings, you cannot
trust the operator.  You would prefer that at least the points of entry
and exit from the network be different, because this decreases the
probability of the message being 'outed' by a very large factor.  If
you are seriously concerned about legal factors, you would prefer that
the remailer gateways be in different legal jurisdictions.
However, if you trust the operator and if this trust is guaranteed to be
continued forever, the ideal number of remailers is one.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-07 11:50:46
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Improved remailer reordering 
On thing is glaringly obvious: if you use the wrong assumptions, you
will get the wrong answers.
Imagine a RemailerNet (v0.2) that maintained a fixed level of
traffic between gateways.  Messages are injected into the system at
various gateways and emerge at various gateways.  All traffic between
gateways is encrypted.  All traffic takes the form of packets of the
same length, perhaps 1024 bytes.  [It is possible that a much smaller
packet size might be desirable, specifically the ATM packet size,
with 48 bytes of data payload.]
Messages are fragmented according to policies at the entry gateway.
Intervening gateways may or may not further fragment incoming packets
according to gateway policy.  The exit gateway is responsible for
reassembling packets into messages.  The routing of packets is
randomized to some extent.  Message transmission is guaranteed to be
reliable in the sense that either the message will get there or the
sender will be told that it didn't.
Users desiring a high level of security are required to participate
in the game.  They must accept and send a fixed number of packets
at each connection.  These users should be responsible for packetizing
their own messages when sending and assembling their own messages
when receiving.  They must encrypt all communications with gateways.
These 'empowered' users are in fact operating RemailerNet gateways.
It is likely that different levels of gateway would have to be
defined, depending upon the degree of physical control that the
operator had over the gateway and the level of resources that he
or she was willing to devote to RemailerNet operations.  Entry
level users would communicate using ordinary email.  Major gateway
operators would communicate using RemailerNet protocols over TCP/IP.
Time is measured in this system in steps.  Each step corresponds to
the dispatch of one set of packets.  The relationship between 'step
time' and chronological time will vary from link to link.
This system will tolerate an arbitrary level of traffic.  Over time
the level of traffic (in bytes/sec) would be some multiple of the
average volume (bytes/sec) of messages carried.  The gateways would
automatically adjust the traffic level.  [Probably it should rise
quickly and fall gradually.]
The functioning of the system as a whole makes it very difficult to
do any kind of realistic traffic analysis.  Any reordering of messages
is performed at the packet level.  In general, the messages do not exist
as wholes along the lines connecting the gateways, so a discussion of
their reordering is a good way to waste time.
A detailed mathematical analysis of what makes the system difficult to
attack would itself be quite difficult.  But I would suggest that the
key factors are the fragmenting of messages, the use of fixed length
packets, the systematic introduction of noise, and random delays in
dispatching packets.  [The random delays reorder the packets and they
also introduce noise -- an unused timeslot is filled with a noise
If, of course, your equations include only measures of the reordering
of messages, your results will depend only upon measures of reordering
of messages.
Jim Dixon
    [this is not a complete or final description of RemailerNet]
    [v0.2 but should be sufficient to encourage a few attacks  ]

@_date: 1994-08-08 03:07:04
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Improved remailer reordering 
There is little difference between RemailNet v0.1 and v0.2 in this
regard.  Fragmenting messages into packets of fixed length, randomizing
routing, and noise injection were all present in v0.1.
I think that there is some confusion here.  Time is defined in terms
of steps, each one of which represents the dispatch of one packet.  The
packets can be received and dispatched in batches.
You need not pass over the 'flaw of lack of message quantization in
the final sending'.  Someone running a private high security gateway,
an "empowered user", participates in the same way as the other RemailerNet
gateways, and there is in fact no way to determine even whether he is
sending or receiving, or in fact whether he is doing anything at all.
He may be just sending and receiving noise packets.
Users accessing the net using low security versions of the software do
have less security, but that is a consequence of their use of low
security software.
Some of the discussion here is at cross purposes.  My focus has been
on specifying a system which is itself very difficult to attack using
cryptoanalytic techniques.  An "empowered" user of RemailerNet v0.2
who sends messages via a system which acts as a gateway need not worry
very much about traffic analysis.
A user whose access to RemailerNet is via a low security system will
be exposed to a higher level of risk.  Which factors are the most
important element in causing risk depend upon the nature of the
traffic through the system and the size and geographic distribution
of the network itself.	A functioning RemailerNet with widely
distributed gateways and at least a moderate level of traffic from
at least a moderate number of widely distributed users is not easily
subjected to what I might call external traffic analysis.
Essentially, you make a model of the system which removes many of the
features that defeat traffic analysis and then say, hey, this thing
is easily subject to traffic analysis.	Well, if you go far enough,
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-08 08:11:13
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Latency vs. Reordering (Was: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering)) 
There are at least two models of remailer networks being kicked around.
In what I have called RemailerNet, if a gateway is compromised, then
some degree of traffic analysis is possible, and other parts of the
system become less secure.
Security increases when there are two remailers handling your traffic,
because then neither should know the identity of both sender and receiver.
Whether the addition of more intervening remailers increases the security
of the system in RemailerNet is a complex question.
In the second model of remailer networks, I also believe that using
more than two remailers and the random selection of remailers decreases
the security of the system if there is regular traffic between
correspondents.  To argue this at all, one would need a much clearer
model with all of the assumptions spelled out in detail.  For the
argument to be interesting, the model would have to be realistic.
My personal impression is that the second model is highly insecure
in cases where there is regular traffic between two parties and some
third party has significant resources.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-08 08:12:03
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: RemailerNet v0.2 
RemailerNet v0.2 (RN0.2 for short)
1.0 a number N of RN gateways exist
1.1 these communicate using encrypted packets of a fixed length L
1.2 messages may originate from gateways or from outside the network
1.3 messages are passed across the network in packets
1.4 a packet may contain data from 0, 1, or more messages
1.5 routing of the packets is randomized (this does not mean that
    the probability of a route being chosen is equal for all routes,
    it means that if N>2, there is no route for which the probability
    is 1)
1.6 the order of dispatch of packets is randomized
1.7 on average, all gateways are required to send and receive the same
    number of packets per unit of chronological time
1.8 the dispatch randomization function adjusts the average latency
    and the distribution of latencies so that the preceding commitment
    is met, introducing noise packets as required
1.9 mechanisms allow the traffic level to rise quickly but constrain
    them to fall slowly
1.10 gateways are required to exchange the same number of packets in
     any session
1.11 inter-gateway connections may be either open at all times (in
     which case sessions begin only when the connection has gone
     down by accident) or they may be established periodically
2.0 any message has a source gateway and a destination gateway
2.1 message fragmentation takes place at the source gateway
2.2 message reassembly takes place at the destination gateway
2.3 all packets are acknowledged
2.4 message delivery is reliable, in the sense that the destination
    gateway will report delivery of incomplete or damaged messages
    to the gateway
2.5 messages may be sent to a gateway for forwarding to another
    gateway
2.6 message delivery time can be specified
2.7 message delivery policy can be specified
2.8 delivery policies include (a) hold until picked up, (b) hold
    for a specified period of time, (c) discard if not received
    immediately
2.9 gateways should always destroy mail after delivery is
    acknowledged [unless the mail is to an as-yet-unspecified
    persistent store]
3.0 gateways frequently exchange routing information
3.1 that routing information has an expiration date
3.2 gateway operators can choose who they announce routing information
    to and accept routing information from
3.3 gateways can settle accounts with one another periodically
4.0 level 2 gateways will communicate with one another using RN
    protocols using IP datagrams
4.1 level 1 and 2 gateways will communicate using the same protocols using
    email (SMTP) datagrams
4.2 where gateways are operated by users, the requirement that gateways
    should exchange the same number of packets per unit time would be
    weakened in some as yet unspecified way
5.0 end users may either operate gateways or communicate with a level 1
    or 2 gateway using email
5.1 in either case, users may have accounts with gateways and may be
    charged for usage
6.0 RN gateway software should be available only from trusted sites by FTP
6.1 RN bootstrap software should be available on diskette
6.2 the bootstrap software should allow the secure downloading of
    system updates over RemailerNet
7.0 an alt.? group could be used to announce new gateways
7.1 established gateways would be encouraged to rate new gateways
7.2 software updates would be announced in the alt.? group
7.3 a FAQ would be published in the alt.? group every ten days or so
8.0 users would be encouraged to use gateways in geographically
    distant locations
Jim Dixon
[adding the notion of a persistent store would allow the creation of
 electronic safety deposit boxes]

@_date: 1994-08-08 11:21:18
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Improved remailer reordering 
I think that you want at least three levels in this system, with
increasingly strong requirements as you go up the levels and
(necessarily) increasingly weak security as you go down.  You
should be able to pop messages into the system from any terminal
anywhere, just using ordinary email.  But you should also be able to
casually dump a few hundred megabytes into the system without making
too big a splash, if you have the right equipment.
Ideally, the empowered user's (your term, yes?) system is functionally
a gateway, but it has a nice front end on it, something like Mosaic.
It is probably a single user system with a RemailerNet interface bolted
on to it; it probably runs under Windows; it may even be a modified
version of Mosaic.
The system at the next level up is a workhorse.  Its user interface
would be a system manager's, designed to show him how traffic is
flowing, highlighting bottlenecks, etc.  It would be designed to run

@_date: 1994-08-09 06:48:03
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Postal Inspection (was Common Carriers...) 
What was the conference about?	(If the icon was printed on the envelope,
I suspect that it represented the topic of the conference or the group
sponsoring it.)
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-09 06:48:22
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
There is a small point to be made here which I think is really a big
point.	The US government does not object to the use of financial
instruments so long as they are backed by the US $ (or another
accepted currency).  Most of us use such financial instruments daily

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:19:23
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: EDDB/RN 
I don't know if anyone else has had this particular idea before,
but it might be worth some consideration.  I referred to it very
briefly in my posting on RemailerNet v0.2 (RN02).
Eric points out that users of remailer networks want to be able to
trust in silence as well as trust in delivery, and RN02 accordingly
specifies that messages should be erased immediately after
acknowledgement of delivery.
However, there should be a use for persistent store, for a remote
encrypted database accessible anonymously.
Everyone must have had this sort of experience: someone walks into
your office.  There is something on your desk that you would rather
this other person not see.  So you toss it into a drawer, to get it
out of sight.
Imagine that you are working on a document and someone walks into
your office.  Rather than tossing it into a drawer, you toss it to
The document is sent encrypted.  (The storage facility also encrypts
it.)  When its receipt is acknowledged, your local copy is destroyed,
if you wish.  You can retrieve it in seconds from anywhere, providing
that the system supports the notion of an identify distinct from your
log-in address.
Ideally, the data is stored on a distributed data base, with some
redundancy in case one or more gateways go down, and with the data
striped across gateways, so that no one gateway has all of the
Because the data is encrypted by you and encrypted by the EDDB,
it cannot be recovered by anyone without your cooperation.  If the
data is striped over a number of gateways (with, say, every first
byte here, the next byte there, the next byte at a third gateway,
and every fourth byte at a fourth gateway), it would take widespread
collusion even to recover a copy of the encrypted document.
Once you have such a system in place, you could then do interesting
things like storing a document in the EDDB, and selling it to
someone by selling him your passwords.
I also think that a very reliable version of this system could be
used to handle electronic cash (e$).
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-09 10:41:22
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Perhaps my use of terms was insufficiently precise.  Bearer bonds do not
actually represent money in the same sense that a check does.  Their value
[usually] fluctuates.  They are a different kind of financial instrument.
Hmmm.  Neither of the types of financial transactions that I listed
is anonymous.
If A writes a check to 'cash', pays B with it, and B passes it on to
C, and so forth, are you saying that this is or will one day be illegal?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 07:10:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
It may not be so, but this example is not relevant.  A barter scheme is
not a financial instrument or an exchange of financial instruments.  If
you agree to exchange a refrigerator for ten hours with your favorite
shrink, no financial instruments change hands.	But the IRS sees that
your shrink is making "money" and not reporting it.
When you fly into the US, you must fill out a customs declaration.
You are required to declare money in various forms (cash, checks,
etc) and then to sign a statement saying that your declaration is
true.  I believe that you must declare anything over a relatively
small amount, a few thousand dollars.
Banks are required to declare cash deposits and international movements
of funds over either $5K or $10K, I forget which.  The objective is
to make money laundering difficult.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 07:10:40
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Postal Inspection (was Common Carriers...) 
1.  Icons are commonly used in Europe because there are so many different
    languages.
2.  You often get lower rates for printed paper.
3.  He is a postman, not a policeman.  "OK to open for postal inspection"
    (to verify that it is printed paper).

@_date: 1994-08-10 07:10:53
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: broadcast encryption 
How can one follow the IPSP standardization work?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 07:11:20
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Yes.  But my initial point was that a check for $1.00 does not constitute
an alternative currency and you do not seem to be disagreeing with this.
'Therefore' if e$1.00 is essentially a promise to pay one US dollar, and
if that $1.00 is on deposit with a bank somewhere, and if that bank will
pay out US$1.00 when the e$ "check" is presented, the Feds will not be
able to prosecute anyone for using an illegal currency.
Yes.  But you must remember my original point.	I think that whether
the $5000 is transferred as greenbacks or as $e is irrelevant, if the
creation of $e is handled correctly.
I think that if you look back through the recent postings on $e, you
will find that in many cases a discussion which seemed to be about $e
is actually about something else.  You could substitute US$ for $e
without changing the substance of the postings.
Every bank in the United States that allows checks to be made out to
cash already does this.
A second point, relating to this paragraph: obviously, a foreign bank
cannot be constrained in the same way to report financial transactions
to US authorities.  We have all heard of Swiss bank accounts.
So I think that if a company issued $e "checks" denominated in US $
and if a foreign bank were willing to pay against the checks upon
demand, then (a) the $e checks would not violate the Constitutional
provisions against alternative currencies and (b) neither the foreign
bank nor the foreign company issuing the checks would have to make
any reports to US authorities.
Our company is a UK company.  We can easily open a US$ account at the
bank down the street.  We could then write US$ checks made out to cash.
Our bank would not object, any more than they already object to the
sterling checks that we occasionally make out to cash.	If the US
government tried to force either us or our bank to file reports with
them, we would simply laugh at the requirements.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 08:05:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
I have assimilated criticisms made and modified the proposal.
(a) I don't force the users to trust RemailerNet as a single entity,
(b) how does their trust make it possible for the entity to be
compromised??  It is not possible to guarantee that some or all
components of a remailer network are not compromised.  You can
only take steps which reduce the probability.
It is NOT one entity, is IS a large group of independant (but
cooperating) entities.
In most cases, you do not want the person operating a remailer to
know you personally.  Ideally, you know them, because they have a
widespread reputation (eg, julf  But they do not know
you.  As a practical matter, the fewer remailers there are, the
more likely they are to have an accurate reputation, because more
people will have had experience with them.
People have been building systems like this, that involve webs of
trust, for millenia.  Banks are such institutions.  While it is
true that familiarity between trusted individuals makes for collusion,
it also makes for knowledge.  Most people use banks.  Few banks
are corrupt.
A cruder example is the dope dealer.  The police regularly attempt
to compromise them.  Anyone buying dope learns to (a) be skeptical
about all dope dealers but also (b) find one that he can trust and
stick with him.
Dope dealers apply the same sort of heuristic to their suppliers.
They ask around all the time, they listen to gossip, they talk to
their peers.
RemailerNet v0.2 allows "empowered users" to participate as
equals with established RemailerNet operators.	This means that
the gateway that they are connected to has no way of knowing
whether they are originating any traffic, let alone who that
traffic is addressed to.  The gateway will know that the user is
receiving traffic, but it will not know whether that traffic is
intended for the user or whether the user is simply acting as
a reflector.
Therefore, two users could communicate through a RemailerNet
network with ALL nodes [gateways] compromised, and still be
secure against most forms of attack.
Jim Dixon
[sorry about the delay in answering this posting.  It is dated
7 Aug but I received it 10 Aug]

@_date: 1994-08-10 10:44:01
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: The Terrorists are coming! 
According to recent press reports in the UK, when Soviet bombers were
loaded with nuclear weapons, they were actually dummies (because the
generals, etc, didn't trust the crews).  This suggests that the Soviets
did not have reliable safeguards on the bombs.
Various arguments between the Ukraine and the USSR about ICBM warheads,
also reported in the press, suggest that the safeguards on the warheads
were reliable, because both parties seemed to agree that the Ukrainians
couldn't set them off, although they are otherwise technically competent
in dealing with the missiles.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 10:44:19
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: EDDB/RN 
I think that the market is potentially large.
We won't have a copy of Schneier here for three weeks or so.  Can
you elaborate?
However, almost certainly, the crypto aspects would be relatively
minor.	Most of the work would be in building a reliable widely
distributed data base accessible over the Internet.  When I last
looked at this sort of problem, it was very complex.

@_date: 1994-08-10 10:44:41
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: <null> 
The last point is certainly not true.  If user X communicates with
service A (a gateway) in one country to purchase something from
service B in another country, X can settle accounts with A anonymously
(say in US$) and then A and B can settle accounts with one another
(say in sterling) openly.
In fact, few Europeans would object to simply trading in digital
money denomenated in US dollars.   No currency conversion is necessary.
Many European companies have US dollar bank accounts because the
banks charge so much money for conversion of currencies.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 10:45:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: RemailerNet v0.2 
The goal is to completely defeat traffic analysis, while allowing the
user the freedom to make use of the system through ordinary email.  If
email is used, the risk taken by that user goes up, but without
reducing the security of other users.
In the real world, it would be very difficult to watch all of the links
but fairly easy to subvery some gateways to some extent.
However, as I have argued elsewhere, I think that all of the central
gateways could be compromised and it would make no difference, so long
as the number of users was reasonably large and so long as all of the
users used gateways.  From the opponent's point of view, the problem is
that he cannot tell whether there is any traffic at all.  Everyone
could be whiling away a hot summer afternoon sending noise.
The only attack would be to destroy or modify the incoming traffic.
If there are any gateways functioning correctly, RN software should
detect the damaged packets and route around the gateways that don't
work right.  This is exactly what the Internet does.
A user sending encrypted messages via email reveals his source address.
He should encrypt his message.	The message can be to a 'far' gateway
which then remails it; in this case the 'near' gateway does not know
the destination address.  Messages can be nested to an arbitrary depth.
If a user is using a gateway, the other gateways know that the message
originated at the gateway, but they cannot tell whether that is the
true source of the message.  If the destination is another gateway,
the other gateways do not know whether that is the true destination.
If the message is to be acknowledged back to the source, the source
gateway must be able to receive the acknowledgement.  This creates a
trail of pointers through the network back to the source.
Only the final gateway, which reassembles the message, knows the
ultimate destination.
Each gateway must dispatch a certain number of packets.  There are
a certain number of slots to be filled and a certain number of packets
queued for dispatch.  Packets are assigned an output slot (that is,
they are delayed for a certain amount of "time") according to some
sort of probabilistic distribution function.  Empty slots are filled
with noise packets.  Inter-gateway administrative traffic is queued
just like any other packet.
If a gateway is always connected to the internet, packets can be
dispatched at more or less equal intervals (measured in seconds) or
they can be batched.
Yes, on average, as qualified by 1.8 and 1.9.
Assume that there are only two links, one in and one out.  Packets will
be coming in at a more or less fixed rate.  Some will be consumed
locally, either because they are being used to build messages or because
they are noise.  So per unit time N come in and C are consumed, on average.
The remaining (N-C) packets are available for dispatch.  In the same
time interval, G packets are generated locally.  So a total of N-C+G
packets are to be dispatched.  The system uses a random number generator
to assign a packet a dispatch time slot when it becomes ready.	When
the clock ticks, the next packet in the queue is dispatched.  If there
is no next packet, a noise packet is dispatched.
The system knows how long the output queue is.	If the length of the
queue is increasing, the rate at which packets are dispatched will be
[I have used the term "latency" here to be provocative.]
If your gateway connects by dial-up, then the length of time that you
are connected to RN is the session time.  There must be some handshaking
at the beginning of the session and at the end.  For machines that are
always on line, a session lasts from one breakdown in inter-machine
connections to the next.
If two machines A and B are connected, then if A sends B 100 packets
per unit time, B must send A 100 packets.
To the gateway which packetized the message, the source gateway.  Assuming
that 'MIRVing' of messages is permitted, the second message in a group
could be an acknowledgement back to the originator.
I think that you must allow for the possibility that the gateways carry
very heavy traffic, say a T1 load (about 1.5Mbit/s).  Then if a user's
machine was talking down a 14.4Kb/s line, allowing the user to connect
would effectively stop the network.  There must be some provision for
inequality in traffic rates along different links.
I assume that in a commercial network, the gateways have accounts with
one another that are settled periodically.  Essentially they charge
each other for non-noise incoming packets at some agreed rate and then
pay the accumulated difference every so often.
Users should pay the gateway which fragments a message.  The charge
should be proportional to the size of the message in packets.  If
messages are nested, you need to include postage.  This requires
anonymous ecash.
I am trying to prevent the inevitable.
Weaken this requirement, eliminating the word 'only'.  Publish the specs
as well, and then say "RN gateway specs should also be available from
trusted sites..."
Gossip, rumors, route announcements and 'hello, here I am' messages from
the operators of the new gateways, experience in RN data communications
with them, reports from commercial credit agencies, ... whatever
information they could lay their hands on.
The technical information would be published in some standard format,
for example a matrix of claimed lost message rates.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 11:16:55
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
As I recall, you are not asked to volunteer information, you are
required to provide it, and the form specifies penalties if you do
not.  But I will have someone who is going to the States in the
next week or two get me a copy of the form.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-10 11:17:10
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
On what experience or observation do you base these rather extreme
If you are saying that any form of legal argument is irrelevant to
the issues being discussed, then you are simply wrong.	The government
is staffed by a population which has more or less the same distribution
of attributes as the rest of the population of the US, except that,
probably they are on average somewhat better educated, somewhat more
intelligent, somewhat, generally, more middle class.  There are thugs
working for the government who will speak and reason much as you do.
There are also many reasonable and intelligent people.	And there are
real, genuine lawyers who understand precisely what they are doing and
are moved by legal arguments.
Demonization of the government is simply silly, as is dismissing all
logical argument.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:52:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: future existence of free remailers? 
I think that perfect ignorance is a perfect excuse.  If the traffic
going through your remailer is encrypted, and you do not have the key,
and you have no other way of knowing what it is, you can scarcely be
held responsible for the contents, so long as you do not knowingly
invite illegal use.
This is a frequent topic of conversation among Internet access providers
(IAPs) who are concerned about the contents of various ALT. groups which
are either pornographic or copyright violations or both.  The consensus
seems to be that you are responsible if EITHER you are aware of
the presence of these materials OR you are ignorant of any specific
materials but you know that people have subscribed to your service in
order to gain access to these materials.  There have been no test cases,
as far as I know, but I have read opinions ascribed to lawyers.
IAPs would seem to be providing the same sort of service as remailers
and in fact if operating remailers were a viable business they would
be in an ideal position to provide the service.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:52:38
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Ah.  I finally figured it out.	You've been drinking too much cheap
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:52:58
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: RemailerNet 
Terms are being used loosely.  I was responding to a critique of RemailerNet
v0.1 (RN0.1).  In this systems messages are packetized and the packets
routed independently, with the packets reassembled into messages at the
'destination gateway'.	User control of packet-level routing would
weaken the system.  RN0.2 permits the user to nest messages and to direct
messages to gateways as destinations.  This means that messages may be
bounced around in the system, adding some additional security.	So the
user can control chaining/routing at the message level, but not at the
packet level.
Jim DIxon

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:53:14
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: anonymous settlement 
You are quite right.  I misread what you wrote, thinking that you meant
that X must pay B anonymously in one of the two currencies.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:53:31
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
Actually, the odds are better than this, .8^5, about 0.33.  You will be
compromised "only" 1/3 of the time.
But if you are sending regular messages to another party, then traffic
analysis will quickly show that you are communicating, because even if
the boys at Langley are really dumb, you won't make send more than
two or three messages without having all the cherries lining up.
You will be protected if you have encrypted your messages, but using
a remailer network offers little additional protection.
No, as I have said elsewhere, I think that an 'empowered user' of RN0.2
can communicate with another empowered user through a completely
compromised network with little risk, so long as there are many other
such users.  This is because the compromised gateways will not be able
to tell when and whether either of the users is actually communicating.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-12 06:30:45
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
I believe that government employees are drawn from the general population
and the distributions of their attributes are roughly the same as those
of the general population.  'Sanctity of government' is not a phrase or
concept that I introduced.
Fanaticism and other types of inflexibility and to be found among
government employees, among the general population, and in fact among
most groups of any size.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-12 06:31:02
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
Remember that the original assumption was that you were choosing five
remailers at random, on each transmission. I argue against this
strategy; I think that if you know someone is reliable you should
stick with them.
80% of the remailers are compromised, so 2/3 of single messages get
through OK, 45% of two message sequences, 30% of three message
sequences, etc.
If a population of users selects five remailers at random and sticks
to their initial selection, 1/3 of the population will be compromised
immediately.  Langley will have to try harder to get the rest.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-12 06:48:52
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are Remailers Liable for What They Remail? 
The area is a bit grey.
Quoting from other correspondence:
The reply was:
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-15 03:14:57
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
I made no claim.  I asked a question.  I quote the exchange in its
This is fundamentalist ranting, followed by a reasonable question,
followed by , followed
by ritual denunciations from bystanders.
I am an agnostic.  I don't believe that 'they' exist.  I believe that
you have a system staffed by a random selection of the American
population, somewhat skewed because people have some control over
what area they work in.  To work with a system, you need to understand
it objectively, you need something more than incantations.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-15 09:48:24
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are "they" really the enemy? 
What I said was : "to work with a system, you need to understand it
objectively".  Then your reply was : "the fundamental flaw in your
reasoning is ..."
I did not 'reason', I said that it was necessary to reason rather than
shout incantations.  You then proceed to reason, and I of course have
no objection to this:
I more or less agree.  Now apply your arguments to this list as a
man-made system.
I agree.  But recall that I never spoke of goodness; I just said that
the people who work for the government are pretty much a random
assortment of Americans.  On the other hand, there have been several
heated statements to the effect that 'all lawyers are X' and 'all
government employees are Y'.  It is this that I disagree with the most.
I am an American living in the UK.  I have had several years of
unpleasant experiences with various bureaucracies and other agencies
of the US and state governments.  I have closehand experience of the
operation of the US military, including military intelligence.	In other
words, I base my opinions on extensive experience and observation, not
all of which I care to discuss.  I have seen colossal waste and
massive irresponsibility from very close up.  I need no lectures on
these topics, especially from, is there a polite way to say this?, the
I have also seen the operations of other governments from very close
up.  I have lived most of my adult life outside the USA.  Those other
governments are, on average, somewhat worse and sometimes very much
worse than the US government.
And I have also learned that the US government is staffed by, as I said,
pretty much a random assortment of Americans, and if you understand it,
you can deal with it.  You simply have to look at what really happens,
and try to understand it.  Reciting incantations has very little effect.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-15 12:05:58
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
While the claim made may indeed be a form of nominalism, you seem to
miss the point entirely.  I made no claim.  Perry made the claim.
I simply asked him what he based it on.
You then commented that my claim (which I hadn't made) was far out of
touch with reality.  You now offer to introduce me to the real world.
The world that you are introducing me to is something more like a
funhouse, with everything upside down and backwords.
I think that I have a good functioning understanding of how the US
judicial system works.	I have been in court on a number of
occasions in various roles.  The outcome of the system has a large
random component -- we have won cases that I thought that we would
or even should lose, and sometimes the opposite occurred.  The results
are also often skewed one way or the other because of personal or
group bias.  But we are getting pretty good at playing the system,
so we generally win these days.
If someone were to ask me to describe one part or another of the
US system of government, I might or might not have a formed opinion.
If I have a formed opinion and someone asks me a reasonable question
like, "on what experience or observation do you base these beliefs?"
I generally have no difficulty in answering the question.  The
answer might be tediously complex, because I do not believe the
world is simple.
This subthread began with my observing that if e$ were handled
carefully, it would not violate the provisions of the Constitution
against alternate currencies.  Perry referred to this as 'splitting
hairs' and then claimed that the legal system was a charade and that
'they' would reach any conclusions that they liked.  Shortly after
his outburst someone more rational asked a lawyer who asked his wife
who is a lawyer specializing in securities.  Her opinion was pretty
much the same as mine.	Other sources that I have checked with seem
to have much the same opinion.	My narrow observation seems to be
correct.  You and Perry have made claims about the general
functioning of the US legal system.  The only claims that I have
made are two paragraphs back.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-18 10:19:43
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: CIA Using Remailer System? 
When the CIA wanted to deliver some packages during the Viet Nam war,
they set up their own air line, Air America.
If they wanted to send encrypted traffic through a 'civilian' system, I
would suppose that they would do the same sort of thing.
Did you know that Sprint has set up a Global SprintLink service, with
offices opening up in London, Paris, and Tokyo, and that Sprint already
handles a large chunk of the traffic to the former Soviet Union?  They
have a direct link from Falls Church (you know, next to Langley) VA to
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-18 10:20:34
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are "they" really the enemy? 
To understand something you must become somewhat dispassionate about it.
Otherwise your observations are warped and you simply do not see what does
not agree with your preconceptions.
Well, in some sense this is true, and the universe is one, and so on and
so forth.  But actually all of us observe systems in operation every day.
For example, the police force in your city is a distinct little system.
If you do not believe this, go out and buy yourself a uniform, a gun, etc,
and walk around the town for a while.  You will find that the police
will disagree with your simplistic theory and will arrest you.
(a) It is not necessary to withdraw from participation in order to observe;
    it is only necessary to be dispassionate, specifically in regard to
    your explanations or theories about things.  In fact, participation
    will probably make you a better observer.
(b) My comments about average Americans are somewhat more guarded than
    what you say I say.  My point was that in trying to understand the
    government it is best to start from the elementary observation that
    it is staffed by a more or less random selection of Americans, not
    devils incarnate.
    If you look more closely, you will find that certain types tend to
    concentrate in certain departments, and then again experience causes
    some to become alienated from the population at large.
The last sentence has a certain noble silliness about it.
A mob is a man-made system.  It often grows, encroaches, and promulgates
its own goals.	Yes.  But all of us know that it can touch and be touched,
it can be communicated with (ask any demagogue), and coerced (read
Napoleon's remarks on the utility of grapeshot in coercing mobs).
Not really.   What really bothers me is generalizations that are based
on nothing and/or generalizations that the generalizer is unwilling to
I _like_ generalizations, whether based on occupation or anything else,
that are accurate.  And I was trained in the scientific method, which
means first you take a good look at the real world, then you make up
theories, then everyone has a good time poking holes in them, then you
do it all over again.
Personally, I find these statements very disturbing, because they are so
The 'beast beyond control' is your image in the mirror.  The government
that you are so concerned about controlling is staffed by people like
you and me.  They look in _their_ mirrors and they feel threatened too
and they want to control what they see too.
You won't tear down the government without replacing it.  And I would
argue that the more violent the means used to tear down the government,
the more repressive its successor.  Governments exist in part because
we are such dangerous animals.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-18 11:09:23
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are \"they\" really the enemy? (Systems commentary) 
In message <199408180713.AAA28521
This whole discussion, I think, begins with a misconception: the
original writer was talking about the idea that a group has an
existence separate from that of its members; you are talking about
systems that people have designed, or think that they have
Only a philosopher could make such a statement.
A family is such a system, but it is based on no such presumption.
Families begin in what is usually a completely mindless activity.
And any honest parent of teenage children will admit that he or
she is almost totally ignorant of human nature.  If the parent
doesn't admit it, the child will let the parent know.
Most of us just bumble along.  We have little theories.  We
recognize that we do not have complete knowledge of anything.
Or they must be willing to raise hell.	Once again, look at any
family with children.  The parents set limits.	The children
throw themselves into challenging those limits with great abandon.
Some kids leave when they see that the system cannot challenge them
any more.  They go to look for stronger limits.
Look at real systems.  Look at the family.  No one is asked to
join: they just get born.  That's how most of us become Americans
(or whatever) too.  The great systems that control most of our
lives are simply _there_.
Ah, there is so much to disagree with.	In the Middle Ages,
people like Thomas Aquinas lived in societies and institutions
which controlled thought and behaviour to a high degree.  But
Aquinas devoted his life to reason and he was no unimaginative
Poetry is the result of forcing speech into predictable patterns.
Reason depends upon the existence of accepted principles.
I think that you mean to propose this as an ideal, yes?  But you
fail to see that many situations are zero-sum games or even
negative-sum gains, where someone must lose.  And often it is
in no one's particular interest to do that which is for the
common good of all.  One of the functions of politics and
government is to limit the freedom of individuals where the
exercise of that freedom can lead to harm to others.  It is in
everyone's interest that there be white lines down the middle of
roads and that cars be forced to drive on one side or the other.
We have no choice about systems.  Without the system called the
English language, you and I would not be communicating.  Without
schools, you would have no education.  And so forth.
It is of course true that we can design small systems for specific
purposes.  But you cannot look only at the overt, rational,
explicit, acceptable purposes of the group.
No.  Systems exist and they have attributes which are independent
of those who created them and those who staff them.  You walk
around the corner and there is a mob.  The mob is a little
system, like a dust devil.  What it is a solution to is irrelevant.
It is there, and it has an effect on you.  You need to understand
it to some degree if you want that effect not to be harm.
The people in the mob may be carried away by what they see as
noble motives and they may not even notice the harm that they
do to things and passers-by.  Motives are far less important
than effects.
The author of the original comments might say that when you
set up your little system, call it the overt one, you will at
the same time set up another, call it the covert one.  The
covert one arises in part out of private, unconfessed motives.
It is just as real and often far more effective than the overt
I knew this guy in Calcutta, in India.	He was a Salvation Army
major.	He ran a group that distributed food to the very poor.
Every day they went out in a jeep and fed thousands of people
from a big pot in the back.  This is the overt system.	A selfless
relief worker, a group of kindly saints bringing food to the
The number of starving people around Calcutta was always a good
approximation to infinity, so the Sally Ann used a system of ID
cards.	These ensured that only deserving people got free food and
that each person got only one meal.
To many of the Bengalis, the major was the devil incarnate.  They
actually had no food and their families would starve without the
daily visit from the Sally Ann.  The major had many arbitrary
rules which they could not understand.	He also had a bad temper.
So as they saw it, every so often, the soup god would blow up and
yank someone's ID card for no reason.  They were extremely careful
when he was around.  He terrified them.  They propitiated their
dark god daily.  This was the covert system.
Jim Dixon  (the real one)

@_date: 1994-08-19 05:04:53
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are "they" really the enemy? 
Can you prove this?  Or at least show some historical example?
In France, the monarchy was replaced by a republic which quickly
descended into the Reign of Terror.  There was no gap.	Orderly rule
drifted into terror, which was succeeded by Napoleon's iron rule.
Napoleon took over in part because people wanted order.
In the American South after the Civil War, the Union smashed local
government and replaced it with something acceptable to them.  This
did not have the consent of the white population.  The Ku Klux Klan
developed as a way for the whites to enforce their rules.
The Ku Klux Klan was in its way an instrument of democracy.
In Russia, the monarchy was replaced by a republic which was destroyed
by the Bolsheviks.  There was widespread civil war.  But there whenever
there was a governmental vacuum, people filled it.  Russia was full of
bands of armed men.  People needed governments to protect them from
the marauders.
Stalin was an expression of the people's will.
There have been cases where government was torn down and replaced
by something else which was not called the government.	The Ku Klux
Klan was not part of the formal government of the South.  But it
functioned as part of the apparatus of government.
The US government is a large and powerful organization.  Let us say
that somehow you contrive to successfully weaken, impair, and
obstruct it.  How will you do this?  Not by yourself.  One person
cannot defeat millions.  You need a group of some size, at the very
least of thousands.  This group must have a set of common goals and
some sort of administrative structure to effect those goals...
I could continue, but you must understand what I am going to say:
governments can only be defeated by organizations with the
attributes of governments.
The alternative is to take over the government to some degree.
But then in time you will find that there are people out there who
regard you as part of the government, and set out to drastically
weaken, seriously impair, and obstruct your government.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-19 05:05:23
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
The delays in getting data on and off the chip are too large and the amount
of space wasted in redundant functions is too great.  You might prototype
it using FPGAs, but even this is unlikely.  Why not just buy one of the
existing SIMD processors and simulate your target system?
People used to build fast processors out of separate chips (bit slices).
They don't do that any more because it's too slow and too expensive if you
are building in volume.

@_date: 1994-08-19 05:05:58
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
What would make even more sense is an array of special purpose 64 bit
processors. This is how most people who build real SIMD machines do it.

@_date: 1994-08-19 05:06:26
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are \"they\" really the enemy? 
I do not think that these statements are empty.  Do I really need
to prove that people are dangerous?  One of the main functions of
government is to stop us from harming one another.  If you replace
government with something else which has the same function (and
works), you may call it something else, but it is acting in the
same role as a government.
Cases of violent replaces of governments from within: the
French Revolution, the Bolshevik Revolution, the victory of
the Chinese communists, Pol Pot  -- in all of the cases that I
can think of, the violence of the revolution was a good
predictor of the repressiveness of the government that followed.
The revolutions in Eastern Europe over the last few years have
almost gone unnoticed, because they have been so peaceful.  But they
are genuine revolutions.  I have seen no one claim that the new
governments are repressive, except possibly for Rumania, where
the revolution was violent.
I am not justifying some status quo.  My observation is pretty much
equivalent to saying that accidents at high speeds tend to be fatal.
If you drive a little more slowly and look where you are going, you
are more likely to get to your destination in one piece.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-19 05:06:52
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are \"they\" really the enemy? (Systems commentary) 
Only a philosopher could believe that it is necessary to presume complete
knowledge to design a system.
? I don't teach rhetoric.
Many people think that they are.
But my point is that we all take part in the creation of systems,
and we usually do not think about what we are doing when we do it.
Blanc said, esssentially, that systems are designed rationally.
Most aren't.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-19 10:11:43
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Are "they" really the enemy? 
Most of these remarks follow from a simplistic definition of government.
My point was that the government may in some cases consist of some overt
and recognized elements and some unofficial but nonetheless real elements.
In societies in which there is a significant level of internal dissent
quasi-governmental groups spring up.  In Ireland the IRA is such a group
in many areas.	The UK government sends car thieves to prison; the IRA
kneecaps them (smashes their knees with sledgehammers or a gunshot).
The difference is only one of degree.  Either brigands smash your door
down and steal everything you have, or the IRS sends in their auditors.
On the whole, people prefer the lesser evil, the IRS, to the greater
evil, bandits.
Not as far as this discussion is concerned.  In a chaotic situation, the
fate of areas and groups will vary.  In part this will reflect differing
levels of chaos.
Even now you find many old people who regret Stalin's absence.  What I
was saying was that there was a widespread desire for peace and stability.
[There are also differences in meaning between the English word 'people'
and the Russian word usually used to translate it, 'narod'.  I was
thinking of the term 'narodnaya volya'.  Email me if you want to discuss
this further!  In-depth discussions of Russian culture seem irrelevant
to this list.]
I am aware of organized conflict.  If you want to radically change the US
government in a short period of time, it will resist you.  If you are to
succeed, you must apply a commensurate amount of force.
?  I don't think so, and in any case I don't see what you mean.
I have spent around six months in Afghanistan.	Most of this was in
Kabul, but I also visited Mazar-i-sharif, Herat, Kandahar, Ghazni,
Jelallabad, and smaller places.  The 'loose' tribal systems are in
fact very tight.  You are talking as though only national governments
were governments.  In Afghanistan the central government has normally
been very weak.  When I was there the king controlled the cities but
the chiefs controlled the villages.  The chiefs and mullahs were very
powerful indeed.
Afghanistan is a very conservative society.  Along certain lines men
are encouraged to be extreme individualists.  But the group is very
powerful.  A friend of mine lived in a village.  Families live in small
compounds with high walls around them.	The women cultivate the land
inside the walls.  A young man from the village was walking along a
high hill near the village and saw an unveiled woman working her
fields.  Someone from her family saw him and naturally took a shot
at him, because he was looking upon a woman in his family without a
veil.  For several weeks no one could step outside in that village
without being shot at, because everyone was in or related to one of
the two families involved.  This is not a loose society.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-23 06:03:28
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: NSA Spy Machine and DES 
1.  I have been using various kinds of programmable logic devices in
    designs for years.	In doing such designs, you avoid using one device
    to drive another, because the effect of this is usually to increase
    your delays by 80% or so.  There are a number of reasons for this.
    (a) You almost invariably duplicate functions if logic is spread over
    more than one chip.  (b) The impedance and capacitance of the device
    pins and PCB tracks are far greater than those on-chip.  As a result,
    for example, the setup time on an input flip-flop on an Actel A14100A
    is 3ns, but the setup time on an internal flip-flop is 0.8ns, about 75%
    less.  In general off chip delays are an order of magnitude higher
    than on chip delays.
    FPGAs use longer internal routes than would be necessary on an ASIC
    and as I understand it the fuse impedance is a significant problem
    Both of these factors increase capacitance and impedance, slowing
    down the circuits.
2.  The redundancy should be completely obvious.  An FPGA is programmable.
    It has circuits whose sole function is to program the device.  These
    occupy space.  They cover the entire device.  Once the device is
    programmed they serve no purpose.
    An ASIC also has a fairly high level of redundancy, because logic is
    assembled out of elementary logic blocks.
    A custom circuit, such as a microprocessor, has very little redundancy.
    To understand the effect of this, go price a 64K bit static RAM. ($5?)
    Then calculate the cost of implementing the same function in FPGAs,
    especially with comparable speed.
For prototyping, speed is not usually a major consideration.  What you
are trying to do is to get the system to work, you are debugging it.
It was my understanding that the project involved on the order of 10^4 to
10^6 chips.
If the size of the system is small and the number of chips is low, then
the use of FPGAs would be justifiable (and I myself have justified this
in another context).
? what do you mean by 'design [an] FPGA' ?  Do you just mean "do the design
using FPGAs" -- easy --  or literally, "design a new type of FPGA"?  This
would be very expensive and pointless.	Commercial designers are almost
always going to do something cheaper and better than something done under
a government contract.
Why SIMD?  Why not a reconfigurable architecture as well?

@_date: 1994-08-23 10:41:07
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
I grew up in a small town of 5,000.  It had a city government.	The
county government was in the same town.  No one denies that California
has a government, I think.  And then there was the US government.  And
we had city police, the sheriff's office, the Highway Patrol, and the
FBI paid an occasional visit.
So drop the word 'exclusive'.
In our high school we had a student government.  We had no prisons
and no guns.
You can't simply take over the ownership of words in the English
language.  'Government' is indeed the name used for an entity that
exercises authority or enforces laws.  There can be more than one
government exercising control over the same geographical or political
area, and that control need not be effected with guns.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-23 11:42:12
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
To the best of my knowledge, tritium is not used in nuclear weapons
(meaning A-bombs), only in thermonuclear weapons (H-bombs).  One of
my teachers was involved in the Manhattan project; he never mentioned
any need for tritium.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-23 11:42:29
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Jason's use of the term 'tax' in a special sense is no more an abuse
of the language than the attempt to change the conventional meaning
of the word 'government'.  He says that institutions like MIT govern
the behavior of their special populations, that they can impose levies
on their users, and that they can enforce rules against their users
without the use of physical force.
You can walk away from almost all US taxes by walking away from the
USA.  I have.
What about luxury taxes, fishing licenses, flying licenses, and so
forth?	If you insist on calling these 'market prices', you begin to
really rip the fabric of the language.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-24 06:59:11
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
The discussion here is about the use of common words in the English
language.  You are decreeing that Jason and I and most of the rest of
the English-speaking world follow one restricted usage, yours.	This is a
form of linguistic imperialism.  Sorry, I will keep on using the word
in the ways permitted by most dictionaries.
There is also an odd form of cultural imperialism here.  The USA has a
form of government that is unique to it.  Like the people of most large
continental nations, Americans think that the rest of the world is
just their own country with a few changes in details.  It isn't.
There are many cultures where individuals are expected to use violence.
In the Afghan countryside (at least in the Pathan area), all males over
the age of 13 or so are expected to carry guns and to use them.  When I
was there there was no central government in the American sense.
Government was local.  There was nothing resembling a constitution, in
fact there was no written law, as far as I know.  The elders met and
came to decisions.  Those decisions, which were of course informed by
Islamic tradition, had the effect of law.  There was a competitive
government in Kabul, but its influence was limited to the roads.  In
remote areas, the Kabul government could frighten people with the jet
fighters donated to it by the Russians, but it had little day-to-day
At least theoretically all Kshatriya caste Hindus and all Sikhs are
I have never been in the Arab countries, but I believe that in many of
them people are expected to use violence under certain circumstances.
This is sanctioned by their reading of the Koran.  Women are really
stoned to death by their neighbors for adultery.  No intervention
by "the government" is necessary.
What you are saying is that, effectively, these are not 'real' countries
and their peculiar forms of government are not real, because they do not
follow the American model.
Turn the clock back 100 years and America was not so different.  It is
true that in the West people carried guns and were expected to use them
under certain circumstances.
Jason's point is that if you turn the clock forward 50 years, you are
likely to find entities exercising governmental powers in cyberspace.
They will use sanctions to coerce uncooperative people to follow norms.
These sanctions need not be backed by the use of physical weapons.
They will also collect something like taxes.  It may be that the terms
used will not be 'government' and 'taxes', but that is what they will
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-24 12:06:38
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Thank you.  I am an American who has spent has most of his adult life
outside the USA because (a) bureaucratic errors ruined my career
prospects, (b) my involvement in the Indochina wars left me sickened
by American stupidity and convinced for life of the futility of
large-scale government enterprises, (c) [later] certain elements in the
Federal Gov't had it in for me (they had me up in front of a grand
jury at one point), (d) certain political bureaucrats at other
levels of government felt the same way and sued me for millions, and
(e) American blindness to the outside world is sometimes very hard
to take.
I trust the government to extort every penny they can from me and
then to waste it on idle bureacrats and in the pursuit of votes.
I trust government to be arbitrary and stupid.	Need I go on?
However, I also understand that government performs certain essential
functions.  Where I grew up in California, there were still people
living who could remember Mexican bandits raiding across the border.
And I teach my children that if they are in trouble they should look
for a policeman.  And they go to school to learn things that they
can't or won't at home.
But the discussion was about the use of certain words, including
"government".  There are people on the list who insist on using the
word in an abnormal way and then attack those who use it in a normal
way.  My preference for clean and simple English does not make me a
lackey of "the government".
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-24 12:06:47
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
The closest "applicable" definition is not the SOLE definition, it is
only definition 1 in your dictionary, and even then [I won't go into boring
detail] the dictionary meaning is wider than the narrow reading you are
trying to apply to it.
Have you never admired someone so much that that person's displeasure was
a compelling force?
Uh ... you _do_ understand that that is a silly comment, yes?  I was
illustrating some of the common uses of the word.  Linguistic arguments
are best met with linguistic replies, not political bullshit.
Your insistence that there is only one 'true' government in the United
States, and that all other governments are in some sense derivative,
does not agree with my reading of the US Constitution, but this is not
a matter that I, for one, will pursue.
Well, yes, of course.  It has quasi-governmental functions in southern
This is supposed to be a revelation?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-24 12:09:19
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: DSPs (was: Nuclear Weapons Materials) 
More precisely, fast integer inner products.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 07:45:16
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: U & Pu "poisoning of the environment" 
This is quite similar to saying that nerve gas is harmless because
scarcely anyone working in storage areas has been killed by it.  Or
that bullets won't harm you because people handle crates of them and
they don't get shot.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:39:01
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Maybe because several people have been arrested in Germany and Russia
over the last week or two.  According to the UK press a group at a
Russian nuclear weapons facility were stealing tens of kilos of the
stuff, and one guy supposedly was willing to trade a kilo of plutonium
for 70 bottles of vodka.
Occasionally coverage in the press does reflect events in the real
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:39:27
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: U & Pu "poisoning of the environment" 
In all of these cases there is a serious attempt to make sure that the
workers are not harmed by the dangerous substances involved.  I must
say that the phrase "impressive body burdens" is fairly incomprehensible.
But nevertheless, my point stands: workers are carefully protected from
the plutonium and U235 in nuclear weapons plants.  When their radiation
badges show what is considered a high level dose, this does not mean
that they have been exposed to anything like, say, the radiation from
a kilo of unshielded plutonium.
If radioactive substances are used as weapons, the intention will be
to do the maximum possible damage.  I don't think that anyone would
survive for long after exposure to, say, a suspension of plutonium
in air designed to be breathed in, perhaps as an aerosol.
To repeat my point: you say that statistical studies of workers in
nuclear weapons plants which are specifically designed to minimize
the effects of radiation show that radiation has done little harm.
Well, I should hope so.
On the other hand I say that such studies are poor criteria for
judging the effects of radiation intended to do the maximum possible
harm.  I think that this is really indisputable.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:39:40
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Is this true?  I mean, do you know it from personal experience?
I was told by what I considered to be reliable sources that plutonium
was extremely toxic.  Upon reflection, I am sure that this is the
word that was used: toxic, not radioactive.
By "clad", do you mean coated in lead?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 11:52:17
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
Most do.  RPGs, for example, definitely do.  As I recall, a shaped
charge punches a tiny hole through the armor and then injects a
blob or jet of liquified metal into the vehicle.  It's much worse
than a ricochet.
The explosion occurs outside the tank, driving the jet of metal in.
Armor piercing artillery rounds are called HEAT (High Explosive Anti-
Tank).	The name says it all.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-25 12:10:20
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Nuclear Weapons Material 
There is some confusion in terminology here.  The brass case is indeed
discarded when the round is fired.  Byt 'casing' he means the exterior of
the warhead.  The word 'round' is used for both the warhead+gunpowder+brass
and then for the warhead itself.  Larger artillery pieces do not use a
brass shell case at all.  The round is loaded, and then the powder is
rammed in after it.
I believe that this is true, except that the 'products of the impact' are
drops of metal and what they do is worse than grinding something up.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-26 04:06:31
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: U & Pu is good for U 
There is a Sufi parable about a guy who loses something on a dark
street.  His friend finds him searching the ground carefully at the
corner under a street light.  He asks him what he is doing, and he
explains that he dropped something.  "Where?"  "Down the street."
"Then why are you looking here?"  "Because there is a light down here."
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-26 06:30:48
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: DSPs 
DSPs are actually optimized for the operation required in the FFT: integer
inner products.  A DSP will have hardware for extremely fast summations of
expressions like
where the c[i] are constants, and new x vectors are introduced at a high
This is somewhat different than the kind of fast multiplication you are
looking for.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-26 17:19:16
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: DSPs 
The Motorola DSP96002 does an integer multiply in 2 or 3 clocks, so a
33 MHz device does 11 million multiplies (and moves) a second.	The
chip costs about $50.
The newer TI C40 does a 32-bit integer multipy in 1 clock, so a 50 MHz
device can output 200 MB/s of results.	It can read in a single clock
cycle but writes take two cycles (sometimes more).  So although it can
theoretically read 200 MB/s, it can only write 100 MB/s.  However, it
has six serial links, each one of which has a 20 MB/s bandwidth, so
in theory it can pump out 100+120 = 220 MB/s.  However, in practice you
would expect the chip to be I/O bound.	It costs something like $200
a chip.
The real advantage of the C40 is that C40s can be connected together
using their serial links.  This allows them to be arranged in
interesting 3D topologies.  In this respect the C40 is intended to be
an upgrade on the transputer, which has only four links, and tends to
die when connected into large 2D meshes, because the transputers
spend too much of their time passing messages.
If C40s are connected in pipelines, with three links used as input
from the preceding stage and three links used to drive the next
stage, you can run them comfortably at 60MB/s.	You might choose to
do three multiplies on each 32-bit operand at this rate, giving
you effectively multiplications at 45 MHz at each stage of the
Ahead of the 486 maybe, but the C40 makes the PowerPC a dog.
Can you elaborate?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-28 09:35:09
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: DigiCash ??? 
Do we care that you can't get it on the road without insurance in most
states, and that the registration must be in someone's name?
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-28 10:55:22
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: DSPs 
On a DSP chip like the Texas C40, 32-bit multiplication takes one clock
cycle.	Modular reduction will take something on the order of one hundred
clocks.  Modular reduction is much more expensive than multiplication.
Not on DSP chips.  On the C40, reals are only 32 bits long, so there is
no benefit to using them.  They are less precise than integers.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-29 05:21:15
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: Is pay-per authentication possible absent trust? 
This is one of these problems where there is less there than meets the eye.
First, a distinction is made between Charley's type of certification and
Ingve's: Charley provides absolute assurance and Ingve provides a guess.
But in actuality nearly all certification is probabalistic.  That is,
Charley goes through some sort of process and decides that he takes very
little risk in offering a certificate.	But you can rarely be certain that
anything is true.  So both Charley and Ingve guess.
Secondly, when Ingve makes a similar guess, he takes a quantifiable risk.
If he guesses wrong, he pays a penalty to MS.  You imply that Charley
takes no similar risk.	In fact he must.  The risk may be quite visible
(he posts a bond which he can lose, or the customer may sue for damages)
or it may be less visible (customers will stop coming to him if his
certifications are false).  So Ingve and Charley both face a penalty if
they guess wrong.
Finally, you throw in a payment to MS so that Ingve pays something when
he issues a certificate, but by omission you imply that Charley's
certificates are cost free.  However, if they were, than Ingve's rational
course of action would be to do whatever cost-free mumbo jumbo Charley
does and issue his own certificates.  So Charlie's certification process
must have a cost, and so we suspect that in fact Charlie is sometimes
behaving just like Ingve.  Sometimes Charlie just skips the expensive
precertification steps and issues a certificate anyway, making an extra
profit.  This is a form of self-insurance.  So they are both in the
insurance business.
At this point, the distinctions between Charlie and Ingve have largely
vanished.  Ingve is just a competitor.	MS pays less for Ingve's
certificates because Ingve is known to guess a lot, whereas Charlie is
generally trusted more.  You pay less to Ingve for the same reason.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-29 06:28:39
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
This is absolutely illogical.  He says, laws underlay financial 'behavior'.
You say, [law1] -> [behavior1] and [law2] -> [behvarior1], and THEREFORE
the proposition fails.
He did not say "there is a one to one relationship between laws and
financial instruments".  What he says permits an N:1 relationship, or
an N:M relationship.
Jim Dixon

@_date: 1994-08-30 08:16:06
@_author: Jim Dixon 
@_subject: Re: DSPs 
I checked the 56001 data book, but it does 24 bit integer multiplies,
not 32, so I didn't quote them.  The figures I gave are for a 32-bit
integer multiply, right out of the 96002 data book.
I haven't checked 96002 prices for a couple of years.  When I last
checked it was something like 200 pounds ($300) in small quantities.
It has now been outclassed by the C40 and several other very good
DSP chips and time has passed, so I think that in production
quantities the price would at least be under the $100 mark.
