
@_date: 1998-09-16 00:44:54
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Titanic 
Dear Titanic Enthusiast:
    Sometime over the last few months you had visited our Titanic site entitled "Enter The Titanic". Also, you signed our Guest Book, expressed an interest in purchasing Titanic merchandise and left us your email address. I hope you don't mind receiving this message. If you do not wish to receive these messages regarding Titanic or Titanic merchandise in the future, simply respond to this email with "NO MORE" written in the subject window.     For those of you interested, the cost of two of our most popular items have been reduced by our suppliers due to large volumes sold from our site.  Authentic reproduction buttons and the Titanic CD ROM.  1). Authentic Reproductions - The Waterbury Button Company produced the solid brass buttons which adorned the coats of both the officers and crew of the R.M.S. Titanic. They also reproduced the buttons to be used in the James Camron movie "TITANIC". They have once more produced these buttons for public collection. These buttons are pressed from the same molds used in 1912, solid brass and coated in 24K gold. At only $29.95 plus shipping and handling they make a great gift or collection piece. CLICK HERE for a detailed description or visit   2). "TITANIC: A Voyage of Discovery" CD ROM - This CD ROM disk is loaded with the most information compiled on Titanic than any other source available. It's filled with photos, music, video, artifacts and stories taken from the actual account of survivors. It's a must have for any Titanic enthusiast. This fact filled CD ROM has been reduced for a short time to only $45.95 plus shipping and handling. CLICK HERE for more details or visit      I hope you will visit these sites and add these great items to your Titanic collection. We pride ourselves in offering only the highest quality, authentic Titanic merchandise. Other products we offer are listed at our Titanic Merchandise page located at  Remember Titanic and those who lost their lives aboard her. May They Rest In Peace !
Bob Flowers, Jr. Webmaster Enter The Titanic
