
@_date: 1998-10-02 10:59:04
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: Re: Randomness testing 
One very easy test is to compress the produced random number binary files
with various compression algorithms or programs. If the data is truly random, it should not be possible to achieve any compression. At least
not if you include the compression program data size in the calculation.
Well, I'm not sure whether this is such a good practical test or not.(?)
++ J

@_date: 1998-10-08 21:10:11
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? 
Are people familiar with this document?
Why shouldn't NSA have implanted this kind of back-doors
in various software and operating systems as well?
It seems to have worked so very well in the past.
++ J

@_date: 1998-11-14 10:52:10
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: [ISN] Privacy Group Pushes For Hearings on ECHELON   (fwd) 
Push for hearings on Echelon:
Global spy system needs scrutiny, says rights group
Stephan Archer
In an effort to create some accountability between the country's citizens
and the National Security Agency's top-secret global surveillance system
known as Echelon, the Free Congress Foundation is urging that
congressional hearings be held concerning the NSA's use of the system. Originally, Echelon was designed to spy on the Communist Bloc during the
Cold War. However, since the end of the Cold War, the NSA has used it for
other questionable purposes that include spying on the citizens of U.S. allies as well as the citizens of other countries, commercial spying, and
even domestic spying. In essence, Echelon works through a series of high-tech spy facilities
located primarily in five countries: the United States, Canada, England,
New Zealand, and Australia. These countries, which are sworn to secrecy
about the project in a secret agreement known as UKUSA, all actively take
part in this encroachment of privacy into the lives of the people of the
world by collecting virtually all fax transmissions, e-mails, and phone
calls. Not even cellular phone calls escape the grasp of the Echelon
system. "Obviously, we need to have these capabilities," said Wayne Madsen, who
worked in the National COMSEC Assessment Center at the NSA's Fort Meade,
Maryland, facility back in the 1980s and is currently a senior fellow at
the Electronic Privacy Information Center. As an example of our country's need for the system, Madsen said, "No one
can argue about using the system to counter terrorism. Where people will
have a problem is where Echelon is used for political and business
interests." The Echelon system gets most of its data by collecting all transmissions
handled by the Intelsat and Inmarsat satellites, which are responsible for
much of the electronic communication that takes place between countries. Earth-bound communication is sucked up and absorbed by other spy
satellites that the NSA has launched into space. "It's a huge vacuum cleaner," said Madsen. Once these spy facilities collect the phone calls, e-mails, and faxes, of
virtually everyone on earth, the Echelon system sorts them through a kind
of filter system known as the Echelon dictionary. This dictionary looks
for "flag" words in all of the transmitted communication. While it lets a
majority of all collected material pass through its filter, it tags those
that may pose a threat and tracks all subsequent communication coming from
the source of the original "flagged" message. Concerning Echelon's inherent intrusion on people's privacy, Patrick
Poole, the deputy director for the Center of Technology Policy at the Free
Congress Foundation, said, "While we understand the need for the
intelligence power embodied by Echelon, the indiscriminate use of Echelon
presents major threats to liberty not only to U.S. citizens but to
citizens around the world." And this threat is real. The foundation's report states that U.S. leaders
have, in fact, already abused this awesome technology. For example, the
report states the following: "In September 1993, President Clinton asked
the CIA to spy on Japanese auto manufacturers that were designing
zero-emission cars and to forward that information to the Big Three U.S. car manufacturers: Ford, General Motors and Chrysler." "You can assume that all major U.S. corporations are fed items of interest
(via Echelon) from time to time to give them a leg up on international
competitors," said Madsen. Although this may be seen as a strategic corporate weapon for American
businesses, in reality, it's an example of technology that can get out of
hand. For example, former Canadian spy Mike Frost stated in his book,
"Spyworld," that in 1981, there was an "accidental" cell phone intercept
of the American ambassador to Canada that resulted in the U.S. getting
outbid by the Canadians in a grain deal with China. The deal brought in
$2.5 billion for the Canadian Wheat Board. With this kind of abuse of Echelon's power, the question as to whether or
not the U.S. government has been using this power for political purposes
can be easily raised. This question is seemingly answered in the
foundation's report. "The discovery of domestic surveillance targeted at American civilians for
reasons of 'unpopular' political affiliation -- or for no probable cause
at all -- in violation of the First, Fourth and Fifth Amendments of the
Constitution is regularly impeded by very elaborate and complex legal
arguments and privilege claims by the intelligence agencies and the U.S. government," the report says. When asked if the system has been used by the U.S. government to spy on
its citizens, Madsen told WorldNetDaily that he was sure it has been. "I don't believe that the NSA or the current Administration would hesitate
to use this system on American citizens for their own agendas," he said. Outraged by this flagrant abuse of power illustrated by our country's
elected officials, Poole said, "While the U.S. is the prime mover behind
the Echelon system, it's shameful that the European Parliament is the body
holding the constitutional debate in regards to Echelon today." A September 1998 report for the European Parliament by the Omega
Foundation said, "Within Europe, all e-mail, telephone, and fax
communications are routinely intercepted by the United States National
Security Agency. According to the Omega Foundation report, it is this ability of the NSA
that brings major concern to the European Parliament. In an effort to
bring the issues surrounding Echelon to the forefront of American
politics, the Free Congress Foundation plans to send out a report about
Echelon to all of the 500 policy organizations in the U.S. as well as to
select members of Congress. These select individuals include members from
both the House and Senate intelligence committees as well as House and
Senate Constitution subcommittees. Copies of the report will also be sent
to the congressional leadership of both parties. Although the foundation is hoping to get some action out of these members
of Congress, Poole said that support at the grassroots level of our
nation's political structure will be a must if this issue isn't to end up
buried by the intelligence committees. "For there to be any account and oversight to the Echelon system, the
American people are going to have to contact their elected representatives
in order to investigate the abuses that we know have occurred in regards
to the Echelon system," Poole said. See Free Congress Foundation's report on Echelon at: Subscribe: mail majordomo with "subscribe isn".
Today's ISN Sponsor: Repent Security Incorporated [

@_date: 1998-12-07 20:50:00
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: NEW Reuters story (fwd) 
Reply-To: ukcrypto
In article <896C7C3540C3D111AB9F00805FA78CE2013F85F3 Brown, R
Ken  writes
   [sent to crytpo list, and to CIV LIBS DISCUSS]
Yahoo! News
Thursday 3 December 1998 12:38 PM ET
Europe readies police techno-surveillance law
By Niall McKay
SAN FRANCISCO (Wired) - The European Union is quietly getting ready to
approve legislation that will allow the police to eavesdrop both on
Internet conversations and Iridium satellite telephone calls without
obtaining court authorization.
The legislation is part of a much wider memorandum of understanding
between the EU, the United States, Canada, New Zealand, and Norway, a
nonmember European nation. That agreement allows authorities to conduct
telecom surveillance across international borders, according to a
Europol document leaked to members of the European Parliament.
``Security measures are often necessary in the cases of terrorism or
organized crime,'' said Glyn Ford, a member of the European Parliament
for the British Labour Party and a director of the EU's Civil Liberties
and Internal Affairs Committee. ''But what we need is some sort of
democratic control. It seems to me that many security services are a law
unto themselves.''
That will presumably be a topic of discussion when the European Council
of Ministers meets behind closed doors Thursday to update a 1995 wiretap
agreement known as the Legal Interception of Telecommunications
If approved, it would permit real-time, remote monitoring of email, as
well as of calls placed on satellite telephone networks such as those
maintained by Iridium and Globalstar. Unlike most laws in Europe, the
agreement will allow law enforcement to listen in without a court order.
``This is a US export,'' said Marc Rotenberg, director of the Electronic
Privacy Information Center. ``It's a European version of the
Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act.'' The act,
passed in 1984, was intended to allow law enforcers to tap the digital
lines of tomorrow, just as they tap analog phone lines now.
Ironically, in September, the European Parliament called for account-
ability of Echelon, the US National Security Agency's spying network
that is reportedly able to intercept, record, and translate any
electronic communication-telephone, data, cellular, fax, email, or
Under European law, representatives of each member nation can pass
legally binding resolutions. Further, the resolutions don't require the
approval of either the European Parliament or the individual parliaments
of EU members.
Many European Parliament members are outraged that the Council of
Ministers has been acting in secret. They are especially concerned about
the inclusion of non-EU nations in the agreement.
Patricia McKenna, a representative for Britain's Green Party, will raise
the issue in Parliament this week. She also intends to ask Europe's
Justice and Internal Affairs Council to ''justify the secrecy and lack
of consultation surrounding these initiatives.''
McKenna is requesting what she described as an ``open debate on the
crucial and far-reaching measures, with enormous potential impact in the
realm of privacy.''
Another member of the European Parliament believes that the so-called
``update resolutions'' will have staggering implications for personal
``This legislation is not just a technical update,'' said Johannes
Voggenhuber, an Austrian representative for the European
Parliament. ``It places the onus on the telecommunications carrier to
provide a watertight back door to police.''
The European Council for General Security prepared the amendment with
technical assistance from the FBI, according to the Europol document
The four major satellite telephone operators-Iridium, Globalstar,
Odyssey, and ICO-will be required by the law to provide access to
European law enforcement through ground stations in France, Italy,
England, and Germany.
Iridium officials could not be reached for comment.
It is unclear how the memorandum of understanding will affect US
``I find it very hard to believe that a foreign nation-any foreign
nation-could eavesdrop on US citizens,'' said John Pike, a
security analyst with the Federation of American Scientists.
``It's one thing for the FBI to try and track terrorists across
international borders, but it's entirely another to let Europeans
tap US citizens' telephones.''
The FBI would neither confirm nor deny any relationship between the
United States and the other nations involved in the memorandum of
understanding. However, Rotenberg said such provisions are already in
place under the 1994 Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act.
While the new European law is being sold to EU member states as a means
of combating what the legislation calls ``serious and organized'' crime,
there is no clear definition of this phrase.
``It simply concerns any punishable offense,'' said Tony Bunyan,
director of Statewatch, a European civil liberties group.
~/           |~/
P |      Woof Woof, Glug Glug               ||____________||      0  | P
O |   Who Drowned the Judge's Dog?          | . . . . . . . '----. 0 | O
O |         answers on                  *---|_______________    | O
L |{a href="news:alt.religion.scientology"}{/a}_____________|/_______| L
and{a href="

@_date: 1998-12-18 05:07:59
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: Re: I must admit. . . 
Kill Saddam Hussein instead of thousands of normal Iraqi people. Everyone is touting how he is behind every nasty thing that the Iraq does, so just kill or capture and imprison him. Don't take
it out on all the Iraqis.
Now, how's that for an alternative?
But I doubt it will happen. The UK+USA need an icon, a person to embody as THE international
satanic terrorist threat to all civilized nations. Otherwise their
current military expenditures would look ridiculously high and
unnecessary, now that the Russians don't pose any threat. This is
also why terrorist horror scenarios and stories are increasingly
used to justify incredible expenditure. The military is engaged
in creating a threat to justify their existence and continued economic well-being. Saddam is worth much, much more to them when
he is alive and well in Iraq.
The fact, however, is that any loony Unabomber cooking some anthrax
in his cellar in the US, would be able to harm the US more than the
whole nation of Iraqis right now, or in the years to come. Welcome
to Echelon and big brother surveillance justification.
++ J

@_date: 1998-12-18 05:04:14
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: Re: I must admit. . . 
Whoops. Wrong subject. You were talking about the strike against
the Wassenaar agreement. Not the Iraqis... :) Duh, duh! Too much TV. I am sorry. :)
Well, here's my idea on how to fight the Wassenaar agreement:
I think the best method to fight the WA is with education.
Educate people. Help them use PGP with their applications.
Help integrate PGP into e-mail programs, make it's use easy.
I for one would like sendmail integrated with PGP. For example:
sendmail asks receiving server if it has PGP, and please give your public key, I have mail for you.. Then send the e-mail encrypted, while the receiving sendmail decrypts it and delivers
forwards. This is not very effective, but it would help some.
Also, you could have your sendmail enforce the PGP option that
no unsecure servers or forwardings would be considered acceptable,
and the e-mail should be returned if such were encountered.
This would eliminate at least *some* of the e-mail spooks there.
I realize it is no not very good, but it is better than nothing at all.
++ J

@_date: 1998-12-22 12:32:31
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: Re: I must admit. . . 
It won't. But please show how bombing the shit out of all the Iraqis will
accomplish this either? I would imagine getting rid of the lunatic leader
and establishing a civilized democracy with human rights in place, would
result in a state that would not be as prone to be as aggressive or
inclined to use weapons of mass destruction. Or isn't that the ultimate
But you are right, I must admit, that not *all* democracies are
non-aggressive, with USA coming to mind as an example. It seems that
rotten people with no moral values at the top, result in aggressive
foreign policies, no matter what the nation.
The bombing will only result in creating more frustrated individuals with
personal vendettas against the US. (People with dead children/wives, etc.)
With your logic, the US is on a road to kill every non-american on this
planet, in order to ensure their own safety. Actually, this has been evident quite some time in the US foreign policy: The *only* lives that matter are the American ones. It is also very evident
in the US film industry (national propaganda/brainwashing machine). Just
how many war movies have you seen where the US special-forces squads
venture into the vietnam/arabs and kill hundreds or thousands of people in
order to save a few US prisoners? Try thinking that in reverse, an Arab
squad coming into the US, and killing hundreds of US citizens to save a few
arabs, for a change. Seeing a few movies like that would do some good to a
lot of americans in restoring their respect for universal human life. Anyway, the point I am trying to make in this, is that the americans don't
in general seem to put any value on human life, *unless* it is an american.
This is evident everywhere: in their film industry, their foreign politics,
and even Bill Gates' donation policies. It seems to be a fact ever more
blatant. Anyone else notice this?
Did I hit a nerve or something?
Usually people resort to name-calling only when feeling badly inferior
or in lack of any real facts to represent in defence of their case,
and in general this justifies the strong doubt that the person in
question is in fact a juvenile.
I'm sorry, but I won't waste my time on blathering kids like you. (Please note: I've Cc:ed the root at your site, as you appear to be so
childish, and I wouldn't know what a child is doing with a .mil account,
so you must be using your parent's account or a hacked account,
both of which are in general very much against the rules..
Or, in the unlikely case that you are actually an adult, please consider
this as an exemplary sample of Mr Zeebra's skills in delivering verbal
attacks in defence of his country. Surely you recognize his superiors
language skills and the qualifications he has for the assignation to the
national ultra secret verbal cyber-warfare attack squad, designed to
destroy the egos and PCs of all those who have not bought in to the US
military propaganda.)
In any case, I realize this is the wrong list for this discussion. Please continue in private, like a good netbaby, if you feel like
more name-calling. I've already added you to my filters.
++ J

@_date: 1998-12-22 13:22:39
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: [ISN] Need help keeping your company's mail respectable?   (fwd) 
Thought some people might be in need of a tool like this...
++ J
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Need help keeping your company's mail respectable? By Christy Walker, PC Week Online
October 26, 1998 9:00 AM ET
IT managers looking to clean up their companies' e-mail and enforce
corporate e-mail policies can get help from several software developers. New releases due soon from Worldtalk Corp., SRA International Inc. and
Content Technologies Inc.  will augment the basic management capabilities
found in mainstream e-mail packages such as Lotus Notes and Microsoft
Exchange, adding features such as content control, archiving, security and
virus scanning. Worldtalk, of Santa Clara, Calif., early next year will roll out an
upgrade of its WorldSecure Server that will allow users to control e-mail
content, scan for viruses and enforce archive policies on internal
messages as well as messages moving between the company and the public
Internet. The new release, Version 4.0, will monitor mail moving across the internal
network. The current version, 3.2, sits at the gateway level and only
scans messages between the company and the Internet. Another tool, Assentor, from SRA, uses a natural language search engine to
automate the scanning of e-mail messages for inappropriate content. Assentor 1.2, which is due by early next year, will include the ability to
route messages based on the word patterns found in an e-mail message.
Version 1.2 will also be able to look for specific word patterns based on
the requirements of individual groups, said officials of the Fairfax, Va.,
company. Assentor is widely used by securities companies that are required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission to closely monitor e-mail and other
client communications. The product helps reduce the numbers of messages
that branch managers and compliance officers must review, SRA officials
said. Assentor uses MIMEsweeper, e-mail scanning software from Content Technologies.
Content Technologies, meanwhile, plans to boost MIMEsweeper with the
ability to deal with encryption. Version 4.0, due early next year, will
support message decryption so that MIMEsweeper can scan encrypted messages
for content such as viruses, said officials at the Kirkland, Wash.,
company. In addition, Content Technologies will roll out a MIMEsweeper add-on
module next month that scans both inbound and outbound messages for
offensive language. Subscribe: mail majordomo with "subscribe isn".
Today's ISN Sponsor: Repent Security Incorporated [

@_date: 1998-12-22 18:16:16
@_author: Jukka E Isosaari 
@_subject: The long, strong arm of the NSA (fwd) 
The long, strong arm of the NSA July 27, 1998
Web posted at: 4:15 PM EDT by Ellen Messmer FORT MEADE, Maryland (IDG) -- Back in the days of the cold war, Washington
insiders used to joke that NSA stood for "No Such Agency."  The government
denied the very existence of this group, which is dedicated to intercepting
and decoding foreign communications.
That was then. Today the National Security Agency is well known, and spends
a lot of time leaning on software, switch and router vendors, pushing them
to re-tool their products. The agency's goal: to ensure that the government
has access to encrypted data.
The industry is facing a year-end deadline to add a government-approved
back door into network gear. Vendors that don't provide this access risk
losing export privileges.
Cruising up and down Silicon Valley, NSA spooks from the agency's Fort
Meade headquarters have been making pit stops at companies ranging from
industry leaders Netscape Communications Corp. and Sun Microsystems, Inc.
to start-ups such as VPNet Technologies, Inc. in order to get a peek at
products still on the drawing board.
The NSA wants software vendors to make sure that any product with strong
encryption have some way for the government to tap into the data. And
because practically every commercial network application, router or switch
these days includes encryption or an option for it, almost every vendor now
has to answer to the NSA if it wants to export. Hot line to the NSA
It's gotten to the point where no vendor hip to the NSA's power will even
start building products without checking in with Fort Meade first. This
includes even that supposed ruler of the software universe, Microsoft Corp.
"It's inevitable that you design products with specific [encryption]
algorithms and key lengths in mind," said Ira Rubenstein, Microsoft
attorney and a top lieutenant to Bill Gates. By his own account, Rubenstein
acts as a "filter" between the NSA and Microsoft's design teams in Redmond,
Wash. "Any time that you're developing a new product, you will be working
closely with the NSA," he noted.
When it comes to encryption, it's widely known that a 40-bit encryption key
is easily breakable and hence rather useless. Until not long ago, this is
what the U.S. government allowed for the export of software. But the Clinton administration a year and a half ago said it would allow
the export of products with stronger encryption keys by any vendor that
agreed to add a "key-recovery" feature to its products by year-end - giving
the government access to encrypted data without the end user's knowledge.
According to Bill Reinsche, Department of Commerce undersecretary for the
Bureau of Export Controls, about 50 vendors have submitted plans for
government-approved key-recovery, also called data-recovery. These
companies, which include IBM, were rewarded with Key Management
Infrastructure (KMI) export licenses to export products with 56-bit or
stronger encryption until year-end.
But some companies are discovering that dealing with the Commerce
Department for a KMI license means more involvement with the NSA.
The Bureau of Export Control is actually just a front for the NSA, said
Alison Giacomelli, director of export compliance at VPNet Technologies,
Inc., a San Jose, Calif.-based vendor of IP-based encryption gateways. "The NSA has sign-off authority on these KMI licenses," Giacomelli said. In return for the KMI license, VPNet opened itself up for an NSA audit.
"They've already come out once, and they'll be coming out again,"
Giacomelli said. VPNet remains committed to meeting the deadline for adding
key-recovery to its product but has one major problem:  uncertainty about
what the NSA really wants. The confusion means "there's a lot of risk . . .
in terms of engineering and resources," Giacomelli said.
Clearly wary of granting the government supervision over its products,
Microsoft has stubbornly refused to submit a data-recovery plan, even
though the Redmond giant already includes a data-recovery feature in its
Exchange Server. "The Exchange Server can only be used when this feature is present," Rubenstein said. "Because we haven't filed a product plan, it's harder for
us to export this than for companies that have filed plans."
But in an odd-couple sort of joint-partner arrangement, Microsoft and the
NSA did work together to build what's called Server Gated Cryptography.
Primarily intended to help banks use Web servers to do business
internationally, the technology lets a server with a special digital
certificate provide 128-bit encryption support to a Web browser outside the
Sybase, Inc., which also submitted a plan to add key-recovery to its
products, found it hard to satisfy the government's demands. "They approved
our technological approach but disapproved each of our applications with
it," said Sybase President and CEO Mitchell Kertzman. "It's been
Documents recently obtained under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) by
the Washington, D.C.-based Electronic Privacy Information Center contain
the data-recovery plan Netscape filed at the Commerce Department last year.
Netscape's plan explains that the "escrow of private encryption keys" could
be achieved by developing client and server products that can only issue an
X.509 digital certificate after the private key has been escrowed. The key
can only be held by an entity chosen by the intranet administrator who
handles security policy.
The Netscape plan called for introducing a certificate server with recovery
capabilities in the first quarter of this year, with the introduction of
S/MIME clients with basic recovery features in the second quarter.
Netscape hasn't actually carried out this plan, and the company declined to
discuss it. Netscape attorney Peter Harter would only say officially, "We
had no choice but to submit the plan, no matter how much we opposed
key-escrow, in order to be part of the ongoing dialog."
Other FOIA documents show that Netscape was regularly briefing the NSA on
its product plans since 1996 and that then NSA Deputy Director William
Crowell took a special interest in trying to dissuade Netscape from using
strong encryption.
Crowell, now vice president for product marketing and strategy at Cylink
Corp., said he had frequent discussions with Netscape, especially
concerning changes to Netscape Navigator. "Their product didn't have a
separate signature key, so if the government used the product for
key-escrow later, you'd have to store the signature key with a third party,
which we thought was a bad idea," Crowell said.  He added that Netscape
Navigator 3.0 adopted the changes the NSA wanted.
According to Crowell, the NSA has a great deal of expertise in securing
communications, and it wants to ensure that products bought by the Defense
Department meet NSA standards. "In addition, as part of the NSA's
intelligence mission, [the agency needs] to have a thorough understanding
of where commercial products are headed."
Taher Elgamal, author of the Netscape data-recovery plan, who recently left
Netscape to start his own venture, said Netscape had no choice but to
maintain constant contact with the NSA. "They're costing the industry a lot
of money,"  Elgamal said. Others agree. "Everyone in Silicon Valley, including us, has to have
specific staff - highly paid experts - to deal with them," said Chris
Tolles, security group product manager at Sun. "Their job is to wrangle
this from a policy standpoint."
Sun has had run-ins with the NSA in the past. Two years ago, the NSA
objected to Sun including encryption in the exportable version of Java 1.1.
The end result was that Sun stripped encryption out of Java 1.1 and the
software was delayed by about six months. Related stories:  Hole in Internet security discovered - June 30, 1998
 Government restrictions on encryption pose obstacles
 for Internet security - May 18, 1998
