
@_date: 1993-11-30 16:32:18
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Entropy, Randomness, etc. 
With all this talk about entropy, randomness, and gaussian distributions,
I'm hoping we can clear up some of the confusion that I am having.
My understanding of a random number is a number is generated from
two or more unrelated events.
In order for this number to be most useful cryptographically, it needs
a even distribution.  This distribution is such that any one number
in the range of possible values is equally probable as any other number.
Does this make this distribution a gaussian distribution?
Maybe I just don't understand the theory behind the random numbers
well enough, but with all of these terms floating around it is hard
to keep track.
The reason I want to get some of these things clarified, is because
I am becoming more interested in some of the analysis people have been
talking about being possible.  Also how are these statistical measurements
done?  Is it as simple as a histogram?  (useful for simple alphabet
transliterations).  Are we talking frequency analysis with FFTs and
more advanced things?  How do we measure the entropy of a random number,
or a series of random numbers?  Have people on the list done this, or
is this still in the range of people that do math and number theory for
a living?
Give a particular set of data used to generate a random key, such as,
a unix box's /dev/mem, how can one measure the number of bits of
These topics are probably covered in some of the basic books in the field,
but all of the reference's I've been able to locate don't go into
specifics of how to measure the quality of random numbers.
Unless some measurements are made, you can't really be sure that those
It seems that a lot of assumptions are being made about what is good and
what isn't.
I plan to build a hardware random number generator and I have a couple of
different circuits to do it, but I've heard some comments about some
types of noise not being "good" cryptographically.

@_date: 1993-12-11 20:47:07
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: USENET on a tape, and future privacy 
In article <2ee0sd$o5s you write:
Hm.. 1 tape a week at 52week/year, gives 520 8mm tapes, assuming
they can process one tape every 30minutes, thats nearly 11 days.
Proably will take about 1 to 2 hours a tape, just to read through
the stuff.  You are talking about thousands of dollars of cost
to do such a search.  Then someone has to weed out all of the other
"Doe, John" messages that were not you.
Considering most business don't bother to verify references, and those
that do still usually only check employment history.
Once again your are offered a limited protection by the volume of
information.  Usenet traffic being rated at some 21gigabytes a year
(traffic through UUnet) considering the low information value
of the vast majority of it, no one will be interested in storing it.
In usenet no one can hear you scream...

@_date: 1993-12-18 23:54:00
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: Bobby Inman 
In article <2erq3c$n4h you write:
If my memory serves me correctly Inman's Westmark was involved in the
buying and selling of Tracor a few year back.  Although I'm not sure on
that one.
Also of note he was(is?) on the board of directors for a Austin
based PC company.  I don't know what role he played or if he
was just on the board for the money.
I think it will be interesting to see his opinions on things like,
the "fall" of communism, the "crapper" chip, ITAR, etc...  I would not
like to be on this guy's bad side...  If anyone finds out when the confirmation hearings are going to be, it would be nice to know in time
to setup the VCR...
Good or bad this guy could radically alter the face of crypto policy
in the US, much quicker than congress, or most anyone else could act.

@_date: 1993-12-25 13:16:43
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Random numbers again 
Well, I've finished my prototype version of my hardware random number
generator.  According to preliminary work the numbers are truely random and
evenly distributed.  The circuit plugs into the parallel port(bi-directional
mode) and presents 8 bits of data on the data lines.  You can
quickly generate 10k bytes of data with this device.
a look at some data to measure the randomness of the data.  If anyone
is interested I will provide two sets of data, one from my random number
generator and one from a pseudo-random number generator.
of people will not believe that this circuit is truely random, but it works
out to be, under some conditions.  It boils down using two variable,
independent, periodic functions to generate one bit.  Due to temperature
effects, oscillator stability, circuit noise, and some other factors,
the error in frequency and phase of the two oscillators is larger effect
than the measurable characteristics of the circuit.  In this circuit,
I use the 555 timers as the oscillators (with the restistors and capacitors
determining the frequency).  The second periodic functions is the PC
in a loop polling the parallel port.
should also be possible to rig it up as a passthrough device, in case
you don't have an extra parallel port.

@_date: 1993-12-30 11:38:13
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: GPS and security 
In article <2fq4rk$t78 you write:
A couple of points here.  Any terrorist group can get pin-point accuracy
with a suitcase bomb.  Someone could have launched an ICBM at the
world trade center, but it was much cheaper to just rent a truck.
Terriorist don't need high-tech.
GPS has two modes, civilian and military modes.  When the GPS is operating
in "secure" mode civilian access gives 10meter accuracy.  The military
codes give accuarcy down to ~1meter.  The GPS broadcasts using a spread
spectrum mode and the encoding is based on the frequency hopping.  Now if a military unit wanted to blow up your tank, they would need the
1meter accuarcy.
During desert storm, the u.s. military turned off the secure mode,
because all of the equipment they had use the civilian mode.
All of the systems I know of, including airplanes and ocean going
ships has LORAN C, GPS and inertial nagivation systems.  Currently
there are still holes in GPS coverage, to get a "good" fix, you
need three satilites overhead.   Currently there are still gaps where
only two satilites are available.
Actually the system was designed to offer the two modes, but advances
in technology have allowed the GPS reciever people to take into account
things like relativity(high speed satilites, freq shifts etc.), using
more than 3 satilites to get a better fix, averaging techniques etc.
With some more complex equipment and a "known" reference you can
use GPS to measure down to centimeter accuarcy.  Not at very high
speeds though...
Actually the government put a lot of thought into the security, but
seeing as the actual data is just timecode pulses, its not real easy
to secure, but with a good encryption and a frequency hopping setup
like GPS, you can do a lot.
I think that there are provisions for disabling the civilian channel
altogether during wartime.  It would be interesting to see what
happens to MCI, Sprint, etc that use GPS to syncronize they're high speed syncronis optical networks...  The should work fine for
several hours but after a couple of days, the phase a frequency errors
in the timecode equipment would lead to a high error rate.
MCI and sprint may also use LORAN C for backup, I don't remember.

@_date: 1994-01-15 14:38:06
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: Using the tools we have 
In article <2h9gen$55r you write:
One usefull thing that could be done, is to design a list, that will
only post pgp-signed messages.  To  subscribe to the list, you send
your pgp public key, and it sends back its private key.  In order
to for a recieved message to get sent out, it must be signed by
the author.  In order to make anonymous posting possible a person
would need to create a "anonymous" key, with the anonymous remailer address
in it.  The annonymous account would still have to sign the messages so
and identity could be track through this method.  In order to prevent
some kinds of abuses, the list server could send a password back to you
encrypted with the private key you sent it.  You would have to send it the
password back encrypted with the server's public key.  This would verify
that the key was created by a particular users at a specific site.  (OK,
it would be possible to subvert this, but it is significantly more difficult.)  The person that runs the list server can sign the list server's
key to vouch for the listserver.  server only posts messages that are "trusted" at a specified level, or it adds a trust factor to the message.  If the list maintainer has met you and has signed his key, the list server will believe you are real.  With the web of trust and introducers, the list server will quickly be able to identify most of the people on the list as being real or "pseudo".  In
particular this will cut down on the number of forgeries posted to the list.  There are some technical problems with this, due to the hassel of signing and or encrypting the messages.  Lack of anonyminity, etc.  This
could even convince most SANE people that there is no conspiracy, i.e.
someone you trust to act as an introducer, believes that the other
person you are talking with is real.  Of course if there really
is a conspiracy it doesn't really help.
One of the things I've been thinking about recently, is about
excerpt of messages and signatures.  When you reply to a message
and copy part of it there is nothing that prevents someone from editing
the text.  And of course the digitial signature is not longer valid
because of the >'s or other characters in the body, plus you
probably don't want to quote the whole message.  Duplicating the
entire message to prove that two or three lines were actually writen
by a particular user id, is pretty wasteful.  I suppose someone
could write a signing program that signs each line idividually, but
that does not sound like a good idea either.  A 128bit hash would
eat nearly 10% of each line.  The hashes can be signed in the signature
section at the end.  After rereading some of Schneir book, it looks
like you can't generate a MD5 hash for less than 64 bytes.  You
would need to pad lines or generate a hash for every two lines.
It would still require some fancy software to handle the extracts and
preserve the signature information.  Currently most peoples software
doesn't even easily support normal PGP/RSA signatures, much less
anything so fancy.

@_date: 1994-01-22 22:46:28
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: Remailers: The Next Generation 
In article <2hq9sv$cdq you write:
Hm... actually what one could do is set up a remail/DC-Net combination,
maybe this has already been suggested in a different form, but first
you set up your anon-net, as a virtual ring topology between your remailing
sites.  Alice wants to send an annonymous message to Bob, such that
Bob can reply back without revealing Alice's email address.  First off,
Alice public key encrypts a message to remailer site "Zeta".  This
message contains an encrypted message block to remailer "Iota".  This
message block contains a reply header to remailer "Epsilon".  Zeta receives
a message encypted to it.  It decrypts the messages picks a new remailer,
at some random distance (n/2 + R) hops away.  In this case remailer "Gamma".
Zeta encrypts the message to "Gamma" and inserts it into the
anon-net ring.  When Gamma receives the message, it takes it, decrypts it,
puts the plain message(still encypted by Alice to "Iota") back in.  Iota
gets the message, re-addresses it to yet another remailer chosen at random,
"Delta".  Iota actually builds the final outgoing mail message and that
is what is encrypted to "Delta".  Delta takes the message and mails it
to Bob.  (Alice of course first encrypted the message with Bob's public
key).  Bob can of course reply to the message by prepending the "Epsilon"
message block to his reply, and using encrypting remailing to some remailer,
"Sigma", Bob can reply to Alice's message, protecting Alice's identity
in several different ways.
the distance (N/2 + R, where R is between N/2 - 1 and 1), message
latency is random.  Because each message is ecrypted to the upstream
neighbor, direct monitoring is foiled.  By using a fixed size message,
say ~100K, and each site padding any data to the fixed size and including
that in the encrypted data sent to the upstream site, an outside
agency can't monitor packet size to determine anything.  No even
if a spy is in the net, say a remailer at "nsa.gov" any messages passing
through are protected by the difficulty of the encryption.  The site
will know which remailer sites on the ring are being sent to, but
because the the random remailer step in the middle it can't even tell if
the message is incoming or outgoing.  Two sites i.e. "fbi.gov" and nsa.gov,
could work together, but still not getting useful information
most of the time.  Thus, as long as the entrance port to the ring
is not a spy no one knows you are sending anonymous mail.  And assuming
the exit port is not a spy no one knows Bob is receiving aonymous mail.
Finland, or even on commerical backbone sites(Alternet, Sprintlink, etc)
makes government monitoring more difficult(or even non government ring identities, but my  brain is not working as well as I would like
and I can't find any detailed info on the "dining sterlight net".
socket level to give a higher bandwidth to directly connected sites,
using mail and mail agents to simulate a token ring network, is not
the most efficient usage of bandwidth, particularly with things like
message length restrictions.
my unix host doesn't want to allow |'s in .forward's or the sendmail
aliases.  (I'm assuming this is a feature due to the sendmail bug from
several months ago, I haven't had time to learn sendmail or ask
our resident sendmail expert how to fix it).

@_date: 1994-01-25 18:56:53
@_author: Jeremy Porter 
@_subject: Re: IP rerouters (was Re: Remailers: The Next Generation) 
In article <2hunvn$71u you write:
Yes anonymous IP would quickly get block by control freak sys admins.
Costs for internet connections vary, but plan to spend about 20K/year.
Plus about 10K in startup costs, plus equipment costs.  Depending on a lot
of factors prices can vary up to 50%.
Unless you are on the internet it is very hard to get connected.  Most of
the companies that sell internet access do business through email.
