
@_date: 1995-07-13 14:18:17
@_author: James F. Marshall 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
Pardon me if I misunderstood your point.  I haven't read the whole
bill, but I read the "regardless" phrase with a different emphasis. In short, that language appears to mean that one could be pounded with
RICO for uploading crypto software even if the crypto is EXPORTABLE.
The part about subsequent instances of actual access to non-exportable
crypto by foreigners, etc. appears to address a different situation --
the situation where the crypto is non-exportable.  In this different
and much more "defiant" situation, the language would allow the feds
to count predicate acts, not merely according to the actual instances
of uploading activity, but also according to the number of times the
crypto is downloaded by foreigners, etc.  Perhaps a 10,000 to 1 ratio?
It is unclear, not having read the entire bill, whether the onerous
provision in the case of non-exportable crypto would apply in the case
of exportable crypto.  Perhaps our resident federal prosecutor might
volunteer some insights into how the government might prove thousands
of predicate acts, and thus a huge pattern of racketeering activity, as a result of a defendant uploading non-exportable crypto once to one
site, and how the government might argue that uploading exportable crypto once to one known mirrored site (e.g., hobbes) would constitute
uploads to all the mirrors -- i.e., multiple predicate acts.
This email is academic speculation.  This email is not legal advice,
is not a consultation with counsel, and does not create an attorney-
client relationship.  (As a condition of entering into an attorney-
client relationship, I require a formal, ink-signed fee agreement.)

@_date: 1995-07-19 13:52:28
@_author: James F. Marshall 
@_subject: Re: "Hey Phil! Stop telling people *not* to use PGP!" (plu 
If anyone asks about OS/2, a good script is available at

@_date: 1995-07-31 16:39:18
@_author: James F. Marshall 
@_subject: Public Key Confusion 
I am a very confused over my PGP public key(s).  I have signed my
public key and this is shown in a verbose listing of my public
keyring.  The same date appears in my public keyring for my public key
as in my secret keyring for my secret key.  The .asc file for my
public key has the same file date (per a file-manager program).
SOURCE OF CONFUSION: when I extract my public key from my public
keyring and insert the extracted public key into a message, the public
key that is inserted is bigger than and different from the public key
in the .asc file.  Am I correct to assume that the .asc version is a good public key but
*unsigned*, and that the larger public key extracted from my public
keyring is the same public key but has the additional component of my
signature built into the body of, or seemlessly incorporated into, or
otherwise coupled with, my public key?
People to whom I have sent the smaller .asc version of my public key
have sent me messages encrypted with that key, and I have been able to
decrypt them with no apparent problem.  My confusion arose when
someone suggested that I sign my own public key, I clearsigned it (I
know, duh!), and PGP and a public key server could not find a key
block in the clearsigned message because the clearsigning put "- " at
the start of both PGP block delimiters.
Should I just stop distributing the .asc version and only let people
have the longer version extracted from my public keyring?  Is that the
properly signed copy?
Tampering can be ruled out as a practical matter.
