
@_date: 1996-01-05 16:46:47
@_author: Jack Hammer 
@_subject: Re: "Deterrence" 
Well I'm really pleased to hear that you're considering actually dealing with someone's objections to your insane ideas, rather than hiding out like a little crybaby. But really, there's not much to object to. No one is taking you seriously Mr. Bell. If anyone did, you'd probably be in jail by now.
In part, I must thank you for helping me to see what the actual Libertarian mindset is capable of. That more people haven't immediately and unequivocably confronted you on your murderous plans to institute a new regime of terror and lawlessness indicates to me that the average Libertarian is philosophically bankrupt. The best that could be said for them is that they're humoring you.
BTW, my show is being scheduled to go daily for North American broadcast via the TVRO satellite, and I may be doing drive time daily from Vancouver to Portland. So consider each waking day a new opposition from Jack Hammer. When you roll out of your fart sack each evening (or whenever you rise from yhour grave) consider that I will have been already up making statements against your plans for assassination, and consider that, should you ever manage to actually be awake at such an early hour, you can meet me in verbal combat simply by reachning over and picking up your phone. Of course you won't do it. You've had numerous opportunities to give voice to your maniacal plans on my show, but you've chickened out then, you'll chicken out now.
jh FLASHNEWSHAMMERNET- Honoring the tradition of Emerson, Thoreau, and
Ghandi, Hammer World Radio goes on the air daily 2-3pm PST beginning on
Reverend Doctor Martin Luther King Junior's birthday, January 15, 1997,
with a MESSAGE OF CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE TO THE WRONG WORLD ORDER.
                           HOW TO JOIN THE HAMMERNET. Receive the most interesting e-mail and get to know the best writers on
the Internet. Saints and flamers, they're on the Hammernet! Here's how to
join. Send the following message in the body of your text space to
majordomo :                            subscribe hammernet-l
                           It's as easy as that!

@_date: 1996-01-29 07:12:23
@_author: Jack Hammer 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: NWLibs> Re: Anonymous trashing of Assassination Politics 
Occasionally snipes at you? I've been perching here out in front of you
daily now for the last two weeks. We've installed a Washington State phone
line just for you. We've built an AM transmitter and purchased a satellite
connection and bought satellite brodcast time and linked it to the little
princess phone next to your fart sack so you can call us up and share your
wonderful ideas with people in their beds and in their cars all over North
America and you can do all this without having to even roll out of bed.
Now you're saying it hasn't been easy enough for you? How much a minute do
you think this costs us, just waiting for you to call? Oh, others have to
pay to advertise THEIR ideas, in fact they consider the time so valuable
they pay for that time by the second, but has anyone asked Jim Bell for as
much as one thin dime for any of our time? Not anyone at all.
Jim Bell, you're ducking this the same way you ducked my hat when I was passin' it around for Richard Gray. Perhaps being cheap goes hand in hand with intellectual cowardice. For two weeks now, 10 days, we've been sitting down here just waiting for you to call (360) 693-5539 between 6:00 AM and 8:00 AM PST to put you on the air live. And no, I won't cut you off. If you're such a shy fellow I will promise to not even argue with you, just let you blow anything you want but obcenities as long as you stay on topic.
But you're not going to call. You won't discuss your idea in public, which
is nothing more than a plan to commit murder for political purposes, i.e.
racketeering. You seem to think that we'll accept your plan as the way to
open the gateways to a new universe of warmth and roses. What it is is the
doorway to a hell full of more drive by shootings and reprisals and paranoia and fear. And seeing the comatose response from most of the people
on these lists demonstrates to me just how close the society is to letting
something like that which you propose actually happen. Yeah, right, at least now we know that it's not going to be a phone call.
                           HOW TO JOIN THE HAMMERNET. Receive the most interesting e-mail and get to know the best writers on
the Internet. Saints and flamers, they're on the Hammernet! Here's how to
join. Send the following message in the body of your text space to
majordomo :                            subscribe hammernet-l
                           It's as easy as that!
