
@_date: 1993-04-21 01:31:06
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: GSM vs. wiretapping: Australia 
Forwarded from comp.org.eff.talk
Please note, I have added aus.comms and aus.politics to this one.
I enquired of Austel ( the Australian telecoms regulatory body), and the
Federal Atourny Generals Office today.
The Telecom GSM trail marketing that started in Brisbane in March has been
canceled. GSM will *NOT* be legal in Australia till the use of MD% encryption
is changed, or the system is altered to allow monitoring of calls. This is
a requirement of the 'Telecomunications Interception Act'( AG perth.)
There are also prohibitions on using codes and cyphers in the 'Crimes Act'
various state police acts and criminal codes ( thought these would not
affect Telecomms, as that is federal jusistiction.
I will try to find the acts, and quote the relevent sections on this.
There has also been posts on 'pen-recorders' I notice. The .au situation
on this is that a commisioned officer of the federal police can give the
telco a written notice requiring the supplying of cal info for the date
range in the notice. I saw this some monthes ago, and had the impression
that this included info *PRIOR* to the notice, info Telecom claims not to
have if mear chattels inquire! Strange, wonder where it matterializes
from. Note the absence of words like 'warrant', 'judge', 'court' or other
such! I think there is a requirement for the commisioner of the FP to
include in his anual report to parlament the number of notices issued.
All this has been in place in one form or another for decades. I first saw
this sort of stuff when I worked in the post office ( ob history: the post
offie used to run the phon system in australia years ago ) As I worked both
as a night shift telephonist and in the office itself, I had to sign a stack
of secrecy stuff, and a copy of the 'Posts and Telegraphs Act' was standard
issue. This had a prohibition on "unlawfull codes, cyphers and secret writings"
The Comercial Telex Code was the *ONE* allowed code. Any other code used
in a telegram *HAD* to be stated on the logment form. Don't know what happened
after that. Small country town, never saw one. Only the banks used codes.
This would have been Dec '67 or '68 I think.
Will try to fill in the gaps, and post a full account later. Note that I will
be probably away next week, ( school hols ) so it may be a while. I will
also try to get some extra info on use etc.

@_date: 1993-06-04 09:44:09
@_author: Jim Hart 
@_subject: Lobbying for Cryptoprivacy, non-U.S. 
Non-U.S. citizens can lobby hard to get all phones containing
key-escrow (aka wiretap) chips banned in your country.  You have a very good argument: do y'all want Yankee spooks listening in on your phone calls?  Make sure the following specifics are included in the * Try to get key escrow banned *in general*, instead of just from foreign
countries.  In smaller countries this will be easier since its doubtful
small governments can set up a spook/chip-maker axis to rival the
NSA/Mykotronx/VLSI axis in the U.S.  In fact probably only the U.S.,
cooperating major European countries and Japan have such a capability.
* Be careful with the wording of the legislation; be sure to
specify *key-escrow* and not any other forms of cryptography.
* If political feasible the legislation should specifically encourage
private, commercial forms of cryptography.
Jim Hart
