
@_date: 1994-01-21 19:56:57
@_author: Jim Miller 
@_subject: Re: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Since the remailer system works better (harder to track messages) as  message traffic increases, then perhaps the remailers should circulate  bogus messages around the mix in order to sustain a minimum level of  traffic.  As more real messages enter the system, the remailers would  decrease the number of bogus messages they issue.
How would a remailer tell the difference between a real message and a  bogus message from another remailer?  It wouldn't, but that's ok.  All a  given remailer cares about is the number of messages coming in versus the  number messages that constitute a "good" level of traffic.  If a remailer  isn't seeing enough traffic, it would issue some bogus messages that would  pass through a random set of remailers and eventually come back to itself.
If all remailers did this, then I think the system, as a whole, would  always have enough messages flowing though it.   Real messages would not  have to be delayed to defeat traffic analysis, they could be tossed into  the mix as soon as they arrived at a remailer.

@_date: 1994-04-04 15:30:32
@_author: Jim Miller 
@_subject: Re: This List--Public, Private, or Other? 
Who owns the games of volleyball played in my backyard?  Since it's  my backyard, I could tell everybody to go away, but then the games  would also go away.  The games could start up again in another  backyard.  Do I own the games?  Effectively, no.  The problem is with  the term "own".  I merely control the existence and character of  games within the space of my backyard, but I can't control the  existence or character of all games everywhere.  I also cannot  control the migration of a specific game from my backyard to another  backyard.  Sure, I can make sure the players don't use my volleyball  or my net, but they can get other volleyballs and other nets.
What is a volleyball game?  Is it a volleyball court, a net, and a  ball.  No.  Is it a group of people?  No.  Is it a group of people  standing in a volleyball court with a net and a ball?  No.  Is it a  group of people playing in a volleyball court with a net and a ball?   Maybe.  It depends on what they exactly they are doing with the net  and the ball.  A volleyball game only exists when they are playing  volleyball.  As soon as they stop, or are prevented from continuing,  the specific game dissipates.
A volleyball game emerges from specific interactions between the  people and the items they manipulate (court, net, and ball).
Can anyone own a mailing list?  What is a mailing list?  Is a mailing  list a collection of hardware and software?  Is it a bunch of people?  Is it one message CC'ed to a group of people?
A specific mailing list emerges over time from the specific  interactions between an dynamic collection of people and the  equipment used to support the interactions.
Someone can own the equipment used to support a mailing list.  They  might also be able to "own" the name of the mailing list (copyrighted  mailing list names?),  but the name is not the most important  characteristic of the list.  They can also attempt to control the  character of the list as long as the list is hosted on their  equipment.  However, the people who participate on the list can  migrate the list to another host.
Conclusion:  You cannot own a mailing list because you cannot own the  collections of people and interactions that define the mailing list.

@_date: 1994-04-05 11:22:57
@_author: Jim Miller 
@_subject: Headline News 
At around 9:45 AM Central DST, Headline News displayed the following  [from memory]
Two-thirds of US residents say cell phone privacy is more important  than police ability to wiretap phones.

@_date: 1994-05-03 15:30:41
@_author: Jim Miller 
@_subject: Re: Why Digital Cash is Not Being Used 
Michael V. Caprio Jr. asks:
Instead of charging for information, charge for time.  You lose  control of the information you sell, but you never lose control of  the time you sell.  People with spare time could perform services in  exchange for Tacky Tokens.  These Tacky Token could then be exchanged  for services performed by other people.  What kinds of services?   Whatever people don't have time to do themselves.

@_date: 1994-10-05 14:48:52
@_author: Jim Miller 
@_subject: crypto game idea 
Crypto-Magic: The Gathering
I was recently introduced to the card game Magic: The Gathering.  Today  over lunch, I realized that this game could be transformed into an ideal  networked crypto-game.  Why ideal?  Magic is a really popular game right  now and a network version would require a lot of the crypto technology  discussed on this list.  So, it's ideal for the purpose of getting crypto  into popular use.
Brief description of game:  Magic is entirely based on cards.  There's no  dice or board or game pieces.  Each card represents a creature, an  artifact, a magical ability, or something else (like land).  Some cards a  common, some uncommon, some very rare.  Players each have their own deck  of cards which they assemble from a larger collection of cards before the  start of the game.  They take turns drawing cards from their deck,  revealing some (invoking their power), keeping others in their "hand"  until later.  A player wins when they kill their opponent's "army" (or  render it leader-less). Where's the crypto?
In my mind, the cards must be handled kind of like digital money.  You  have to have a way of authenticating cards (can't have players forging new  creatures) and you have to have a way of preventing players from  duplicating powerful, rare cards.
These constraints imply there is some bank-like agency that creates and  signs "official" game cards.  They could sell them for real digital cash,  or Tacky Tokens, or whatever.  The "bank", or another third-party service,  might have to participate in the play of a game to enforce the  It's not really like digital money, of course, but it would require  protocols at least as sophisticated.
I haven't thought about this beyond what I've just described, but it seems  like a promising idea.  Somebody could probably make money at it, if they  wanted to.  Too bad I'm to busy.
