
@_date: 1996-12-13 13:30:18
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: Would you send money to Gary Rasmussen ? 
Yes, I've sent Gary Rasmussen (RagyR, Classical Crypto Books) money
and received books.  He's prompt and honest, in my experience, and
even offered to refund my money on the latest edition of Kahn's "The
Codebreakers" when I pointed out that there's very little new info
in it (16 pages), and it's not integrated with the text, nor does
it include the copious footnotes that make the original so valuable.
I met him at the most recent American Cryptogram Association meeting,
and he was efficient and personable there as well.
In fact, I just sent him another $69.95 today for the Handbook of
Applied Cryptography -- the ACA member price.  His price breaks are
usually much deeper for ACA members; evidently the margin is lower
for modern low-volume professional texts like this than for the
classical ones I usually buy.

@_date: 1997-10-10 00:33:21
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: anonymous poster quality up 
So what  your new PGP 5.0 public key?  I checked for the key ID 0xDF02DF6A
on the key server at  and didn't see it.  I  believe your claim
that it's a 5.0 key, though, since it ends in the even nibble 'A', and all RSA
key IDs are odd. :)

@_date: 1998-09-07 20:40:37
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: IP: Encryption Expert Says U.S. Laws Led to Renouncing of   Citizenship 
Why wait?  None of the AES candidates is currently exportable without a
license, and the much weaker DES algorithm that one of them will replace
is not exportable without a license.  In fact, according to the instructions
posted at NIST the algorithm designers from outside the US and Canada were
required to fill out export license applications in order to get a copy of
their own algorithms back from NIST.
Without a change in the regulations AES will be no more exportable
than DES is now.

@_date: 1998-09-09 15:06:11
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: Carl Johnson's private key 
Declan skribis:
I stopped paying attention to most of Truthmonger's spew, but did
collect one private key it posted, under the name "Earmonger", since I
was doing PGP experiments at the time.  I think this one doesn't have
an associated passphrase, which would make forging with it quite
simple.  I sort of think more of its private keys were posted, but I
didn't keep any others.  This does, however, establish a pattern of
behavior suggesting it didn't keep private keys strictly private.
IIRC many of TM's messages were simply file-encrypted with an openly
posted passphrase, which doesn't take a rocket scientist to crack.
Earmonger key, clipped last year:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-09-09 16:45:22
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: Carl Johnson's private key 
Adam skribis:
Oh, you're right.  I misremembered.  This was actually two public keys,
an RSA and an ElGamal.  Still, I'm pretty sure there was a *Monger
private key posted  time.

@_date: 1998-09-11 16:27:30
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
Yes, there's crypto content in this msg... a passing reference four
paragraphs down.
Somebody said:
Somebody goes on to do the whole Apology Watch number in detail.
It doesn't matter.  One commentator a few weeks ago had a good line
for it: "All mea and no culpa."  But so what?  This whole apology watch
is totally meaningless.  We know he can perform sincere-looking speeches
on demand, and that's largely why we elected him.  If he gives another
one and says this time that he's really   sorry and he's
guilty as hell, I couldn't be more impressed.  Or less.  What he says
about it is irrelevant.
This whole "sex scandal" thing is ludicrous also -- we knew he was a
horn-dog when we elected him.  Yes, my sexual morality is considerably
higher than his, but so what?  Sexual abstinence has never been a
criterion for being President, and probably only one President in
living memory  have sex outside of wedlock... Peter Langston
published a "Know your Presidents" column in the last few days, a quiz
regarding which Presidents had done what to whom in the Oval Office.
Regarding covering up the sex -- so what?  When he said they weren't
having sex back in February, she was denying it at the time, so it'd
take a pretty sleazy character to say he was schtupping her and she was
lying about it.
The fact is that this sex between consenting adults thing is the best
Starr could do with his Whitewater investigation after umpteen years
and witnesses and millions of dollars, and I'm not impressed.  I'm
 more impressed with the kind of allegations Softwar digs up --
sweetheart deals for some company to send encryption to China while
sitting on the bulk of the domestic encryption industry, for example.
If he's really done something that involves treason or high crimes and
misdemeanors, let's hear about it and act on it.  But airing soiled
linen in public isn't germane.
If they  decide this is now a requirement for high office, I'd like
to see all the Congresscritters who've had sex out of wedlock and
concealed it take one step forward.  Shall we make hypocrisy in high
office impeachable also?
Today Dave Farber noted that if the CDA were constitutional (which it
isn't) Congress wouldn't have been allowed to drool over all these
salacious bits on the public networks.

@_date: 1998-09-12 10:49:06
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
IANAL (feel free to weigh in here, Unicorn), but I heard on one show or
another that lying under oath is perjury only if it's material to the
suit.  Since the Jones case was dismissed, it was argued that even if he
lied then, it wasn't material and thus wasn't perjury -- they claimed that
nobody had every been convicted of perjury for lying in a case that was
dismissed.  Of course he's saying he didn't even lie: like Kinky Friedman
and the Texas Jewboys, as espoused in their legal treatise "Waitret, please
waitret, come sit on my face", he believes that "Eatin' ain't cheatin'."
In any case, despite these legalisms, I'm not convinced that perjury in
any case should be considered treason or high crimes and misdemeanors.
The Founding Fathers could have been more specific about what was
impeachable, and they chose not to be, leaving it intentionally ambiguous.
Despite those arguments, this stuff really isn't about perjury: it's about
the Republicans' case of nixon envy... Clinton's peccadillos are a far cry
from Watergate (or Teapot Dome or Iran-Contra), but it's the best chance
they've had since the Crook was dumped.
If he did commit perjury, would that be an impeachable offense?  I claim
it's up to the House to interpret just what constitutes high crimes and
misdemeanors, since it isn't spelled out in the Constitution.
Disclaimer -- I'm not a Democrat, and I'm annoyed with Clinton's behavior
on crypto issues.  If I appear to be defending him, it's inadvertant -- I
just feel he should be attacked on material points rather than whatever
sleazy stuff Starr has found under his rocks.

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:43:42
@_author: Jim Gillogly 
@_subject: Re: The DES Analytic Crack Project 
nobody said:
In the early 1980's I started trying this approach.  I did the
back-of-the-envelope estimate and realized it was too big, but
I thought it worth trying, since if there were a back door in
DES it might manifest itself by a massive collapse in the complexity
of these expressions.  I didn't get far enough into it to decide one
way or the other, since I didn't have a good tool for reducing the
expressions to minimal form.
