
@_date: 1996-07-27 08:42:47
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Am I protected by ignorance? 
The Feds consider crypto as munitions so I guess you could ask that same
question as:
      I sold a bunch of Stinger missiles to a man with an American sounding
     name, "Smith."  How was I to know he was __________[bad guys]?
I bet they would prosecute you for the missiles so I'd suspect they would
on the crypto too.
Me?  A lawyer?  HAHAHAHAHAHhahahahhaaa Yeah, right!
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-06 05:26:39
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Corporate e-mail policy 
Unfortunately this is a problem in many companies.  There are policies
which are enforced to the letter, guidelines which are just suggestions,
and fake-rules which are not even attempted to be enforced.
  The problem comes when the employee and employer can't distinguish
them from each other.    Personally I think I would approach it as the privacy we have with the
eontents of our car's trunk.  If an officer has probable cause to search
the trunk then he can, otherwise he can't.  It's not a perfect system but
it does work better than other alternatives I can think of.
  Write into your policy:
    "Electronic mail may be monitored if there is sufficient reason to
     believe that it is being improperly used which includes, but is not
     limited to: mail to competitors, more than 20 recipients (spam), and
     incoming mail from questionable sources.  If such monitored mail is
     encrypted the employee must provide a clear text version of the mail
     which is to be unencrypted under supervision to avoid substitutions.
     Any employee refusing to make available such mail will be ...."
  Just remember, as was said, once you make a policy it becomes precedence
and will stick with you forever... longer if it's a bad one.
Best Wishes
   Jim
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-08 09:28:24
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Corporate e-mail policy 
Then use the language "good reason as defined by the company's policy".
  Here your example breaks down.  Email is not like the courier company's
  vehicle at all.  Bob didn't create the truck, he didn't think of it at
  any time as his, and he is not intending to use it to deal with someone   else on a personal level.
  A better example would be that a letter sent through that courier company
  that is from Bob.  If he pays for it to be delivered then he should have
  the right to privacy.  If, however, the service is offered free to all
  employees, or if the paper/envelope/time was from the company then we
  would have the same problem... is it business-related, thus open to the
  whims of the employer, or is it private and off-limits?
  The whole question comes down to this:        Is a collection of words written from an employee to another
      individual property of the company when it was written, edited,
      and transmitted by company equipment.
  The problem?  There's no agreement on the answer to this.
  There are often terms and conditions spelled out in employment
  contracts as well.  I have had such contracts in every job I have
  held.  They all went to the point of saying, in essence, anything
  I create on company time/equipment belongs to the company.
  Granting that I meant precedent rather than prescedence I submit the
  following:
  precedent - n 1a. An act or instance used as an example in dealing with
                    subsequent similar cases.                  2.  Custom or convention.
  They may change their policy at will, but the fact is that the decisions
  made today will "taint" or "shape" (depending on your point of view) the
  policies made tomorrow.
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-22 05:35:24
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming 
No.  I think we can all (most) agree that spam-email is like junk-snailmail.
In that case there are a few things to consider:
  1. Junkmail requires the SENDER to pay for it, not the recipient.
  2. Junkmail is under the full authority of the Postmaster.  If
     they do anything illegal they have an authority to which they
     must answer and may face criminal charges for.
  3. You can't legally stuff mailboxes by driving around the neighborhood.
     It is against the law for me to walk up to your mailbox and put      something in it.  Should the same be true of emailboxes?
  4. Junkmail is usually at a lower priority than "real" mail and      due to costs is usually easily identifiable.  Email isn't.
  And one relating to only email:
     I don't want to have to spend 10 minutes letting Eudora sort
     through my mailbox because my filter rules are so numerous and
     complex due to me trying to block spam.
  We must remember that the First Amendment does not allow us to say
any thing at any time via any medium we choose.  There are limits
to it, usually in the name of public safety and harassment.  There
should be similar limits in the Internet.
  I'm not saying we shouldn't let you tell others how get rich quick
but that you should not be allowed to mail to * just to tell the
world how great we are.
 Jim
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-24 02:55:11
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
I'd suggest that most/all of us 'mind' ads in papers, tv, etc.  The difference is that while we can do nothing about commercials on
TV (short of breaking federal law and jamming the signal) we can
do something about spam.  If there is enough concensus we can
develop/distribute/encourage the use of  new mailers that will help
defeat spam.   For example:  If mail comes into a server that has more than 25
recipients then it is only forwarded to those who have "signed up"
for that sender.  When we subscribe to Cypherpunks we also have
to register that with our network of mail servers.  Then if Mr. Spam
sends stuff out it's not been "signed up" for so it gets trashed.
I don't really like mail servers redirecting my mail, but perhaps we
could arrive at a reasonable criteria for filtering if we tried real hard.
 Jim
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-27 08:06:10
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: Spamming (Good or Bad?) 
Upon reflection I can say you are right, UNLESS we can put this "signup"
thing on the end-user's machine so he can set it in his own privacy and
no one else can pilfer it.
The ultimate solution is AI mail clients, but that's too far off to wait for,
I feel.
Jim Sewell - jims    Tantalus Incorporated - Key West, FL

@_date: 1996-08-29 09:08:45
@_author: "James C. Sewell" 
@_subject: Re: libelous action 
Wow, imagine what would happen if a bunch of "in-the-know" folks bought
a product like this under the claims to strong crypto and then found out they were fooled!  With charges like these a guy could get into real trouble.
I sure hope Mr. Holt isn't personally accountable.  He sounds like a
real swell guy.  It would be a shame for him to go to prison for what is
obviously his misunderstanding of what is cryptographically strong and what is a pitiful excuse for a product.
Of course I've never seen his product so I don't know which category it falls into, but it would be a shame.
Disclaimer:  I may or may not be serious.  I have made no direct claims
so whose to say what my intentions are in posting this ;\)
Jim Sewell - Programmer               Tantalus Inc.
jims               Key West, FL  33040
Amateur Radio:  KD4CKQ            801 Eisenhower Drive
Compu$erve: 71061,1027         Multi-player computer games
