
@_date: 1996-11-08 19:38:57
@_author: "J. Kent Hastings" 
@_subject: Alongside Night on the WWW [long] 
The following article is the foreword to the new edition of
_Alongside Night_ by J. Neil Schulman, available for download in
HTML format from  . Permission
to cross-post in appropriate newsgroups, mail lists, and file
bases granted. Copyright (c) 1996 by J. Neil Schulman. All other
rights reserved.
                     Pulling Alongside Night
                 The Enabling Technology is Here
               by J. Kent Hastings (jkenth
     J. Neil Schulman is a prophet.
     Two weeks after his twenty-third birthday, on May 1, 1976,
J. Neil Schulman finished the first draft of _Alongside Night_, a
novel that accurately discerned the outline of 1996 reality. He
finished the final draft in 1978, for publication on October 16,
     _Alongside Night_ describes things that weren't around in
the '70s but arrived later, or are becoming commonplace now. "Citizens for a Free Society" could be the populist/libertarian
source group for today's Patriot movement. The "TacStrike"
division of the novel's Revolutionary Agorist Cadre could be
recruited from today's militias, revolutionaries, and
mercenaries, while today's cypherpunks could form the basis for
the novel's "IntelSec."
     In the future of _Alongside Night_ as in our own 1996 -- but
not in the 1970's when it was written -- panhandlers and the
homeless are omnipresent due to economic hardship, professional
youth gangs roam the streets of New York freely while big-time
drug and people smuggling are ubiquitous; videophones are hitting
the consumer market and computers are in use everywhere.
     Schulman's "First Anarchist Bank and Trust Company," a Swiss
bank subsidiary, uses accounts denominated in gold, linked
offshore -- a dream of today's cypherpunks. He predicts re-
prohibition of gold, with TV actors warning "that just one little
ounce of gold bullion can put you away in a federal penitentiary
for up to twenty years."
     Transportation to one of Schulman's "Agorist Undergrounds"
shields against all transmissions to prevent discovery of
location aboveground, including heartbeat detectors being put
into use in 1996 by the Immigration and Naturalization Service at
the Mexican border. Weapons, cameras, recorders, transmitters,
and radioactive materials are checked in transit.
     Security at the A.U. uses non-lethal weapons. Guards disarm
guests upon arrival, then return their guns on their way to the
trading floor. One shop is called "The Gun Nut," and "Lowell-
Pierre Engineering" sells nukes. Rental per-square-foot
calculates any risk of a government "G-Raid" against the costs of
security measures.
     Cadre General Jack Guerdon, also the builder of some A.U.s
including "Aurora," explains how the location of a large complex
could be kept secret from the construction workers:
          "They were recruited from construction sites all over
     the world, were transported here secretly, worked only
     inside, and never knew where they were. If you think
     security is tight now, you should have been here during
     construction; a mosquito couldn't have gotten in or out."
     Thinking about it now, robots with telepresence may achieve
the same security, with even less risk, since only Cadre
equipment would be inside.
     TransComm's smuggling of contraband predicted marijuana
traffic expanding into the sort of operation done in the 1980s by
the cocaine cartels, small airports and all.
     Aurora's trading floor offers non-prescription drugs,
marijuana, cocaine, heroin, and LSD sold in defiance of DEA and
FDA regulations, but with voluntary warning labels.
     Dialogue in _Alongside Night_ decries smoking prohibition at
the time of the story. In California today, you aren't allowed to
smoke in restaurants, workplaces, airports or other public
buildings. The U.S. FDA classified nicotine a drug this year, so
it's just a formality to prohibit delivery systems (cigarettes,
cigars, and pipes) nationwide as well.
     Classroom video intercoms exist in the novel, even before
consumer VCRs were a hot item. One of _Alongside Night_'s
characters, Chin, uses a video capable laptop in a sequence
written years before IBM introduced the first PC, and more years
before anything you could call a laptop.
     Consumer electronics? "Aurora's library had a fair
collection of books, videodiscs, and holosonic music cassettes"
