
@_date: 1998-02-03 10:23:18
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Hacker group battles child porn [c|net News, 2/2/98] 
Hacker group battles child porn
C|NET News.Com
News Story:
CNET Radio Interview:
By Courtney Macavinta
February 2, 1998, 1:10 p.m. PT
A secret society that hunts the Net to reveal the identities of alleged
pedophiles and child pornographers has a message for those who think
there's too much media hype about the problem: Believe what you hear.
Members of a group called Ethical Hackers Against Pedophilia (EHAP -
 are using their high-tech cracking
talents to find out the identity and physical location of people they say
post child pornography within newsgroups, chat rooms, and Websites. The
17-member nonprofit group also says it tries to determine the sources of
video streaming sites that feature children being sexually assaulted in
real time.
"The pedophiles that are distributing child pornography online are
skirting the law by remaining anonymous. We decided to use the skills that
we possess as hackers, engineers, and teachers to educate the public that
hackers aren't all bad guys, and to help law enforcement in apprehending
the child pornographers," said EHAP's secretary, "Oracle," who asked that
his real name not be published.
"As long as the people are arrested and the kids aren't hurt anymore,
every one of us is willing to accept responsibility for our actions as
long as one kid is helped," he added.
EHAP may go so far as to dig up the Social Security numbers of people it
suspects are producing and distributing child porn on the Net. Under the
guise of a confidential informant, EHAP then passes on these details to
various law enforcement agencies, such as the FBI.
It's virtually impossible to know if EHAP's tips have led to any
investigations or arrests, though the group says its information has been
put to work. Still, its vigilante tactics raise privacy  concerns, as well
as serious questions about law enforcement's possible use of information
that could have been obtained illegally.
According to the FBI, the Net increasingly is being used to lure children
to physical meetings, which could lead to abduction or abuse, and there
has been a boom in child pornography being trafficked online. These acts
violate federal law.
During two congressional hearings last year, FBI officials told lawmakers
they are working to stop the rise in these illegal acts through the bureau's Crimes Against Children initiative. "The FBI has investigated more than 70 cases involving pedophiles
traveling to meet undercover agents or officers posing
as juveniles for the purpose of engaging in an illicit sexual
relationship," Stephen Wiley, chief of the FBI's violent crime and major
offenders section, testified in November before the House Judiciary
Subcommittee on Crime.
The FBI has launched other special programs, such as Innocent Images, in
which agents go online and portray themselves as children and crack down
on those who solicit encounters with them. The program, which is run by
the Baltimore, Maryland, FBI field office, also serves as a clearinghouse
for tips and information regarding suspected online crimes against
children. The program was started in 1994 after local agents uncovered an
online child porn ring while searching for an abducted boy.
The 13-year-old boy, George Burdynski of Prince Georges County, Maryland,
has never been found. But the program has lead to more than 90 arrests as
well as the development of online crime fighting techniques. For instance,
in October, three Californians were collectively sentenced to 60 years in
prison for running the so-called Orchid Club, an international service
that used the Net to distribute child pornography to its members. Despite growing efforts by the FBI and organizations such as the National
Center for Missing and Exploited Children, EHAP says its private campaign
is vital, as these agencies don't have the full-time resources to combat
online child pornography. EHAP also readily admits that it would be
unconstitutional for law enforcement to use some of its methods.
"We're extremely careful about who we hack. There are so many people
trading child porn out there, but we go after the people who are producing
the material. That's who we hunt," Oracle said. "Law enforcement are
restricted in ways we're not--but I'm not saying that we break the
EHAP is not the first group to use its own devices in an effort to assist
law enforcement in tracking down people who they suspect use the Net to
perpetrate crimes.
For example, a worldwide network of Internet users known as the  CyberAngels provide online safety tips and work with law enforcement to
stop the trading of online pornography. Other Net users have been known to
shut down chat rooms or flame those who they deem pedophiles or sexual
predators. CyberAngels doesn't support the electronic harassment of
others. EHAP keeps its methods confidential.
"Although we would appreciate any information these individuals may have,
to violate the law to get the information is not acceptable," said George
Grotz, a spokesman for the FBI's San Francisco office. "But how many
pedophiles would come to us and say their site had been broken into?"
Still, the FBI and other child protection agencies say they need all the
help they can get.
"Here in the San Francisco office, we have neither the time or resources
to surf the Net looking for child pornography," Grotz added. "That said,
we do respond aggressively when information is brought to our attention
from outside sources, or if we develop information during the process of
another investigation."
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, which is supported
by the Justice Department, also expanded its efforts to encompass online
activity. As announced in December at the White House-endorsed Children's
Internet Summit in Washington, the center will launch a Web site on March
1 to collect tips regarding online child porn and suspected crimes against
"It's a huge problem that is as new as the Internet. For law enforcement,
it's not easy to handle," Todd Mitchell, program advocate for the
exploited child unit, said today.
"Parents can't leave their child in front of a computer for hours and
hours where they can stumble upon pornography or be solicited in a chat
room. They have to teach their kids some safety guidelines," he said. Regarding private citizens' groups such as EHAP and CyberAngels, he said
there are legitimate concerns, but that community activism is needed.
"If they work in conjunction with law enforcement, it can be something
that is a nice partnership between law enforcement and the community. If
they take the law into their own hands, it could do more harm that good,"
Mitchell said.
For more information about EHAP, go to
or send email to ehap
TATTOOMAN Vice President of Ethical Hackers Against Pedophilia  ehap

@_date: 1998-02-09 16:31:07
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: What's the latest in factoring? 
8192 bits is used now.  you can generate 8192 bit keys with PGP 2.6.3ui
(the unofficial international version).
check out "PGP Projects" at or "The Unofficial International PGP Home Page" at
for info and download.
[note:  you can of course generate MUCH larger keys, but i'm attempting to
be practical for a change]
TATTOOMAN \-=-=-=-=-=-=-[     ]-=-=-=-=-=-=-/

@_date: 1998-02-09 21:13:34
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: 145 Million 
that's a shitload of weed!  it would be quite risky too trying to move
over 45,000 lbs of quality weed.  you are right though that anyone
with an 8th grade education can do it....in fact, i would say most of the
ppl trying to achieve this probably have an 8th grade education or less.
um....because i didn't enjoy prison the first time?
Russians winning gold medals?  you want me to push steroids too?
dope dealers = doctors?  crackheads = patients?
ok, pass me that crack pipe you're tokin on then.
uhh....Scarface died trying to do this, didn't he?
but my pager and cellfone will be going off constantly.  since i'll
probably be jacked on crystal meth all the time, i guess i won't mind
yeah, right.
TATTOOMAN

@_date: 1998-02-09 22:59:21
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: CYBERsitter caught mail-bombing (fwd) 
CYBERsitter has been caught in the act of mail-bombing someone who wrote a
letter to Brian Milburn, the CEO of CYBERsitter, complaining about their
product.  Spefically, a lady names Sarah Salls sent the following letter to
Brian Milburn at bmilburn
        She was writing to CYBERsitter regarding their harassment of Peacefire and
their blocking of anti-censorship sites, which is described in more detail at:
        CYBERsitter replied by flooding her account with over 446 junk messages.
While the attack was in progress, Ms. Salls had her ISP's postmaster monitor
the incoming attack and shut it off.  Naturally, her ISP, Valinet.com, kept
copies of the mail logs for that day and has passed them on as evidence to
their lawyers.  A complaint was also forwarded to MCI's security department,
which handles network abuse and illegal denial-of-service attacks that are
perpetrated by their customers, which include lower-end network users like
        C-Net's NEWS.com picked up on the story and interviewed Sarah Salls, her
ISP, me, and Brian Milburn from Solid Oak Software.  Their story is at:
        (Note that the C-Net article compares the act of mail flooding with
conventional spam, and says that a bill is being considered in Congress that
would outlaw what CYBERsitter did.  This is not quite true; flooding a
person's account with 500 junk messages is a denial-of-service attack, which
is already illegal, and it usually gets you in a lot more trouble than
spamming would.)
Far from denying the accusations, Brian Milburn gave C-Net the following
quote: "Certain people aren't going to get the hint.  Maybe if they get the
email 500 times, they'll get it through their heads...  If they send it to
my private email account, they're going to get what they get."  No kidding,
bennett     (615) 421 6284

@_date: 1998-02-19 01:35:54
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Letter of the law 
actually, you are right on target with your comments.  IMO, you didn't
miss anything.  i was simply referring to my dislike of random body cavity
searches and harassment by US Customs and customs officials in other
countries (i travel alot and have been subjected to alot of bullshit).  so
far, Japan was the worst of all the countries i have visited (18 at last
count in Europe and Asia alone).  they saw my waist-length hair, tattoos
and US passport....well, you can guess the rest.

@_date: 1998-02-19 01:55:09
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: bugged? 
PGP v2.6.2 for UNIX is RSA, and cannot decrypt anything crypted with PGP v5.x.  v5.0 for UNIX features the DSS/Diffie-Hellman algorithm that
all the other 5.x versions have.  v5.0 is stable, better, and is basically
the current standard.  it is more script-friendly and has a better
basically, it really sucks when every encrypted message i have gotten in
the past week was encrypted with RSA/DSS and i couldn't decrypt it with
the v2.6.2 that is installed at work.  due to space limitations on my
volume server and our nihilistic copyrighted software policy, my only
solution/option at the moment is to bring my laptop to work just for
message decryption.
i've sent in a software request for a PGP upgrade on the network, but due
to the expensive PGP licensing agreements and the fact that we have close
to 50,000 active users, i don't expect anything to be done.
guess state employees don't have the right to privacy any more huh?
and neither do the studnets here for that matter...
work disclaimer:  i lied and i'm legally insane.

@_date: 1998-02-14 01:19:44
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Microsoft says it's spying on you.... 
"Microsoft says it's spying on you with only the purest of intentions. At
least for now..."
 TATTOOMAN

@_date: 1998-02-14 01:27:34
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Letter of the law 
i would think that the big question here, legally, is whether or not you
would be ustilizing a US ISP and/or cellular provider to make the upload
of the crypto program to the foreign server via ftp.  as long as all the
packets stay outside of US borders, in other words, as long as you don't
use a US ISP and cellular provider, then i don't see how you would be
violating any laws in this case.
TATTOOMAN

@_date: 1998-02-15 22:11:16
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Miller-Rabin prime number testing 
83 documents match your query.
\----------------[     ]----------------/

@_date: 1998-02-16 00:52:51
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: <fyi> World-market Crypto for SSL (fwd) 
suggestions or help with this one?  what do you ppl think?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Hi Ken,
since Tattooman seems a suitably non-corporate persona.  I'm one of those
who believes that the world will be a better place if all people have ready
access to strong crypto, for their own personal musing (for what hope has
democracy -- or individualism, or community -- if people can not safely
muse on unpopular or illicit options, deciding what is right by carefully
considering what is wrong as well as right.)  I also believe that strong
crypto is all that can allow online international commerce, and commerce
and trade is the fundamental alternative to war, armed might, and
spook-driven controls on inter-cultural relationships.)  The core struggle
of our time is likely to be between those who want to rely on from-the-top
bureaucratic control, essentially militaristic control of friends and foe,
and those who trust instead in evolving common needs and mutually
beneficial trade interactions between societies and nations.
age -- intellectual capital, human brainpower -- is much more equitably
distributed among nations than other "natural" resources, like coal, or
gold, also gives me hope for a future in which all nations can offer
intellectual trade-good of value and partake of a health and
profitable-to-all world trade.)
similar freeware product) will offer anyone in the world a chance to
upgrade the tens of millions of export-quality (weak crypto) versions of
Netscape in circulation, to make them strong-crypto products with both SSL
(and soon S/MIME) available to all.
statist forces who want to restrict individual (and corporate) access to
strong crypto internationally, and those of us who instead want to foster
the widespread use of strong crypto, is how to educate and promote the use
of strong-crypto versions of Netscape (since that is today the upgradable
product available worldwide.)
could put on their websites which would quickly alert a user that the
browser he is using has only limited and restricted export-quality weak
crypto, and that he or she should immediately consider upgrading to strong
crypto by obtaining Fortify (or other upgrade packages) from XXX website.
C2, which is accessible through the Fortify website:  has
something like this for SSL.  I'm looking into getting something similar
for S/MIME -- assuming McKay or others get the S/MIME-enhanced version of
Fortify in circulation within a few weeks.
PS.  Your note caught me as I was thinking this through, so you doubtless
got a more wordy and political response than you expected.  Still, this is
an open issue of great importance, IMNSHO, and I'd be grateful for any
energy or suggestions you might offer.

@_date: 1998-02-16 03:21:07
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: bugged? 
anybody have any ideas here?  this is a personal email forwarded to me
from a friend who *might* have cause to believe he is bugged.  this is
coming from a .au domain, btw.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Yo tat,
I got pgp 5.0. which will not work with your version. Upgrade man :-)
Oh well I'll tell ya without pgp. It's not that much of a problem the
question I wanted to ask you (well I hope it's not).
Anyway, what I wanted to ask you is whether you might know why I'm getting
a very DISTINCTIVE beep when I connect with my modem to my ISP. The
beep(only once) comes just after the initial dialup and just before all the
noise you get before the connection. Sounds wierd and it only started 2 days ago. I never heard a connection
like this before and I'm wondering whether my phone line is being tapped. Any suggestions ??
P.S. Just in case my mail is being read by someone other than
Tattooman..here's to you (_|_)

@_date: 1998-02-17 10:56:45
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Letter of the law 
well, yes, of course.  that was taken for granted in my comments.
likewise, if you go to a tattoo parlor and get the infamous 4 line
crypto-sig tattooed on your ass, then you are classified as a munition,
and you cannot leave the US.
the only relevant question here regards the odds that a US Customs officer
is going to want you to drop your drawers and bend over...
ken \----------------[     ]----------------/

@_date: 1998-02-21 04:45:29
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re:  Fwd: Big Brother Sees through walls (from the spyking list) 
I have lived in Raleigh, North Carolina my entire life (over 30 yrs).
County governments consist of an elected board of commissioners who have
the power to make such decisions and expenditures without holding public
hearings on these matters.  Unless the local media jumps on one of these
proposals weeks in advance, nobody will even know about it or have an
opportunity to petition for a public hearing.  Once the county
commisioners vote on and approve it, our money is spent and the public has
no recourse (until the next election).  Here in Raleigh, Wake County, NC,
for instance, we have a Republican county commissioner and a board of
members.  When I heard from his daughter, a personal friend, about his
plans to cut funding to drug education and rehab programs and redirect all
of those funds to the county prison system, I decided to act.  I contacted
the commissioner himself, his office, and even had lunch with his wife and
daughter to discuss this issue.  As a family friend, I thought I would at
least be able to get a friendly, receptive ear.  His wife and daughter
were in full agreement with me, but the commissioner dismissed all of my
suggestions and pleas.  In fact, he told me that I was "high on crack" for
even suggesting that he *not* cut spending to drug education and rehab
programs.  i then appealed to the media, the public, and various county
drug rehab and education facilities and tried to petition for public
hearings on the issue.  After getting stonewalled by the GOP-controlled
county board of commissioners, funding to drug rehab and education
programs was cut by over 50%.  Since that time (two years ago), drug
arrests and convictions, violent crime, murder, non-violent crimes,
and admissions to treatment centers have all risen, in all of the basic
statistical measurement categories.
Wake county taxes have increased dramatically (almost 50%), and we have
just completed building a new county jail and several county jail annex
facilities.  In both percentage and numbers, our county jail population is
at the highest rate it has ever been.
On a related note, seven of the Wake county sherriff's deputies, who all
had laptop computers (with Internet access) in their cruisers, were
recently busted for spending all of their time on the clock surfing the
web and going to porno websites and adult chatrooms.  One of the deputies
has been arrested for using a sherriff's department scanner to scan in a
picture of his genitals which he then sent to a young girl, a minor, from
his cruiser while on duty.
Additionally, the officer in charge of the weapons armory for the
sherriff's department, which contains full-auto weapons such as the HK MP5
and the M16, was recently dismissed because it was discovered that he had
been spending all of his time on the clock in another section of the
building surfing adult sites on the web.  Meanwhile, the armory was left
unlocked, deputies were unable to get their weapons serviced within a
reasonable period of time, and an M16 "disappeared".
My tax dollars at work...
Next...i'll fill you in on some of the more interesting discoveries I made
while working for the NC Dept of Crime Control and Public Safety.  They
don't need satellites to watch you here in Raleigh...they have hi-tech,
hi-res cameras perched on top of all the tallest buildings, in the
projects, at selected street corners, and various other points.
so much for your privacy...
\----------------[     ]----------------/

@_date: 1998-02-21 19:56:40
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Request for Web Browser Information 
check these out...
Your Environmental Variables
Your Privacy Online
So Much for your Privacy...
if you want copies of any of these scripts and snippets, then feel free to
grab them off of my ftp server at
check in the "javascript", "java" and "code" subdirectories.
email me if you have any questions, comments, etc...
\----------------[     ]----------------/

@_date: 1998-02-27 02:57:55
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: (crosspost)  [IWAR] ANONYMITY HTML risk (fwd) 
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: iwar
Two points: military personal should be particularly aware of this problem, and
users with needs for anonymity should be certain to check out the options
provided by the Anonymizer. --MW
Is Web-Based Mail Bad for Your Anonymity?
 by Steve Silberman  5:03am 26.Feb.98.PST
 It's the kind of scare story, posted from an
 anonymous address, that makes the rounds of
 computer security mailing lists and newsgroups.
 This time, however, the scenario was so simple as
 to be highly plausible.  The post - made last week to the Cypherpunks
 mailing list - began ominously: "I just had my
 online pseudonym outed to my company's VP of
 marketing, with potentially serious internecine
 political consequences."  The author explained that, like many people, he
 maintains two separate email addresses: a work
 account, and an alternate account on a remote
 server at the local college. For the latter, the
 author employs a pseudonym. This, he says,
 allows him to speak his mind about political views,
 as well as his disdain for his employer's use of
 unsolicited bulk emailings - spam - without fear of
 reprisal.  The author's cover was blown, he said, the day he
 used Netscape Mail on his workstation to fetch a
 message mailed by his company to his account
 on the college server.  So where was the leak?  Like more and more email programs, Netscape
 Messenger - along with Outlook Express, Eudora
 4.0 and many free Web-based mail services such
 as Hotmail - offers users the ability to send and
 receive not only text messages, but fully-rendered
 Web pages, in all their graphical glory. If a user
 has both Eudora 4.0 and Internet Explorer, for
 instance, Eudora will borrow IE's HMTL-rendering
 capabilities to display Web pages sent in mail
 messages.  The mail targeted by the company to the author's
 pseudonymous address was written in HTML, and
 contained a standard image tag. When Netscape
 opened the mail and rendered the page, the tag
 sent a call to the company's Web server to fetch
 the image, which left a tell-tale footprint - the IP
 address of the author's machine - on his
 employer's logs. Busted!  As software designers aim for a seamlessly
 integrated desktop - with multiple email accounts,
 the Web, and local file access all a click away -
 the tools you select for everyday tasks are more
 important than ever.  "This isn't really a mail security issue," observes
 Eric S. Raymond, author of a remote mail-retrieval
 utility called fetchmail. "Email security is
 nonexistent anyway unless you use a strong
 end-to-end encryption method like PGP, but that
 wouldn't have helped here. The issue was an
 unintended side effect of having an intelligent
 agent read your mail and go off to the Web to get
 a piece of information. If he'd been using a [text
 mail] program like Elm or Pine or Mutt, he wouldn't
 have gotten bitten."  Cryptography consultant Bruce Schneier, author of
 E-Mail Security: How to Keep Your Electronic
 Messages Private, points out that exchanging
 text-only messages and exchanging HTML entail
 different levels of information exchange between
 sender and recipient.  "HTML is a robust protocol designed to make
 things run smoothly, therefore it passes a lot of
 information behind the scenes. That's why it's
 useful," he says.  Reading Web pages with an HTML-enabled mail
 program doesn't leave any more of a trail behind
 you than surfing through a site - but it doesn't
 leave any less of one, either.  You may not even know when you're on the Web
 when you read your mail with a Web-enabled
 program. Several online publications - including
 Wired News - are available in email form, via
 options such as Netscape In-Box Direct. The text
 portion of the publication is sent to your in-box,
 but images may be siphoned from a remote server
 when you open the message. Clicking on links
 may take you out on the Web while you still think
 you're reading mail on your own hard drive.  For Simson Garfinkel, author of Web Security and
 Commerce, the lessons to be gleaned from this
 incident are not about text vs. HTML mail
 software, but about workplace rights.  "This individual was using his computer at work,
 and he thought that because he was reading
 personal mail on another ISP, his computer was
 not subject to his employer's scrutiny. Employees
 have no rights to privacy in this country," Garfinkel
 says. "If you want to maintain a digital
 pseudonym, don't read your personal mail at
 work." Ken Williams
\----------------[     ]----------------/

@_date: 1998-03-05 10:11:33
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: No Subject 
I have more of a general privacy rather than a crypto question.  I am
trying to set up "tripwires" in the various computer accounts that i have
so i will know if a superuser or sysadmin has accessed them.  (it should
be taken for granted at this point that all sensitive or personal data is encrypted and/or stored on floppies)  i of course am only concerned with
doing so for accounts that i don't already have su access with.  i have
accounts on various flavors of UNIX, but i am most interested in
tripwires/scripts for Solaris 2.4-6.  so far, the best i have been able to
come up with is a couple of very ineffective tripwires.
1.  a few lines in .Xlogout that write the host/date stamp to a file that
    is hidden a few directories deep.
    - this of course only works if someone logs in to my account using
    my own login/passwd, and it doesn't work over dialup at all.
2.  i have a .environment file that will write all of the relevant user
    info to a file if that user adds my directory with the "add" command
    - this will catch all superuser accesses *if and only if* they add
    my directory.  they could simply cd into my directory to bypass it.
anyone have any ideas for tripwires or any other methods i can use, having
only regular user access, to monitor ANY accesses made to my account,
especially by superusers/sysadmins?
thanks for your consideration of this question,

@_date: 1998-03-09 17:39:30
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: U.S. NATIONAL INFORMATION EMERGENCY DECLARED (Future View) (fwd) 
U.S. NATIONAL INFORMATION EMERGENCY DECLARED (Future View)
Hamilton, Bermuda  -- Radio Free America at 2000 UTC -- (February 24,
FBI director Louis Freeh, Jr. today announced a nationwide crackdown on
Internet abusers as President Clinton invoked  new authorities granted
him under the Information Infrastructure Defense Act (IIDA) of 1998. White
House Press Secretary Monica Lewinsky said the President declared  a
national information emergency at 9:23 last night. The emergency
automatically lasts for 100 days. The President may then seek an extension
after consulting with three members of Congress. The FBI's Indication and
Warning Threat Center in Newington, Virginia first reported an 850 percent
increase in illegal Internet access attempts last Thursday, prompting Mr.
Freeh to ask for the presidential emergency declaration. Among the sites hacked were the White House's Automated Oval Office Visit
Scheduling System; the Democratic National Committee's Insta-Donation
System; the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms Tennessee
Summer Picnic Reservation System; the FBI's Hostage Rescue Team's
Seventh Day Adventist Watch Network (also known as "Deep Six the Sevens
Net"); the Electronic Pearl Harbor Visitors' Center;  the Arkansas
Attorney General's Cases-Disposed -Without-Further- Investigation System;
the Embassy of China's "Rent-a-Prez" system; and the Indonesian Embassy's
Rupiah-to-Dollar Laundromat Net.
The nationwide sting of Internet intruders began at noon yesterday
when the New York field office of the Secret Service arrested 25 members
of the Brooklyn Cyberspace Liberation Front at their regularly scheduled
Tuesday meeting at a Bayside Cyber Café. Secret Service spokesman Biff
"Buck" Arew said, "it took us a while to figure out when they were going
to be in one spot, but after we employed our best investigative
techniques, we had them right where we wanted them. The arresting part was
easy." The Secret Service is a designated  information infrastructure law
enforcement agency under the 1998 legislation. It was joined by elements
of the FBI, the U.S. Marshals' Service, the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, the Postal Inspection Service, the Park Service, the Border
Patrol,  the Enforcement Division of the Federal Communications
Commission, as well as New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, in the coast-to-coast
operation. Meanwhile, special FAA security officers on loan from Microsoft
were busy at the nation's airports searching the notebook and palmtop
computers of air travelers for illegal software programs.  At the
Pentagon, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said, "the military
now reserves the right to move forward on the information super highway."
He said he considers the Internet similar to the nation's interstate
highway system.  "When you have a bunch of stalled cars from a
high-altitude combination electromagnetic and gamma-ray burst littering
all the passing lanes and on- ramps, our armored vehicles just need to
push them aside and move on."
The general, who escaped a recent international war crimes indictment
resulting from his peacekeeping duties in Angola, did not elaborate on the
meaning of his comment.  Other mass arrests of hackers were made in
Chicago; New Orleans; Sunnyvale, California; Tampa; Atlanta, Washington,
D.C.; Los Angeles; and St. Louis.  Some of the arrested individuals are
noted opponents of the government's policies to control the flow of
information on the Internet.  Internet users report that some
controversial web sites are no longer accessible, although the FBI
refused to confirm whether their operators were among those arrested.
The inaccessible sites include those of the Libertarian Alliance, USA;
Cascadia Green Party; Outer Banks Secessionist Party; Ashcroft for
President 2000; Supreme Court, Free Crypto Home Page;  First Amendment
Enforcement Coalition; United We Stand (Marxist-Leninist); SPAM
Prohibition League;  Virtual Zapatista, and the Arizona Naturist Home
Federal officials stated that the number of arrests totaled more than
900. Critics of the government action claim the number is much higher. An
Amnesty International spokesperson in Teheran said she thinks the number
may be well over 15,000 but that it was "difficult to get news from
America under the present circumstances." The National Security Agency's
National Information Warfare Center in Fort Meade, Maryland, reported that
the identities of several overseas hackers had been passed to their
respective governments for possible prosecution under U.S. law under the
mutual law enforcement and extradition provisions of the IIDA. Scotland
Yard said it had arrested 17 intruders in the greater London area while
Europol was preparing to make several arrests in France, Italy, and
Austria.  At a press conference at the U.S. Embassy in London, Prime
Minister Tony Blair, upon leaving a cabinet meeting, said he was in close
communication with President Clinton during "this extraordinary emergency"
and that "he fully understood what the Americans were ordering him to do."
The government of Burma summarily executed 153 members of the Rangoon
Computer Club. In Ottawa, the RCMP said  the FBI's Canada Law Enforcement
Extension Task Force was investigating several groups in Montreal,
Halifax, and Vancouver and expected to make a large number of arrests
"soon." The RCMP official admitted that, "because we do not normally get
involved in FBI matters on Canadian soil, I cannot give you precise
details about the operation."
If convicted, the arrested hackers face a maximum penalty of 25
years in prison and/or a $200,000 fine. Freeh said that he anticipated
further arrests would be made as federal investigators sifted through more
communications records, America On Line profiles, and escrowed encryption
keys. The stored keys are used by federal agents to read scrambled e-mail
messages sent by hackers and the 12 independent special counsels
investigating the administration.
Vice President Gore issued a statement in which he said, "I praise
the valiant efforts of our federal investigators in isolating and
terminating the disruptive actions of individuals and groups who were bent
on interfering with our precious national information thoroughfares." Gore
said he hoped the government's action would "send a clear signal to others
who believe that such activities will go unpunished. The government has a
controlling legal authority to address these threats." Gore, an announced
candidate for president in 2000, said one of his first acts would be to
create a Secretary of Information cabinet post that would regulate the use
of electronic information throughout the country. "Just as we created a
Department of Defense in 1947 to confront the nuclear threat, we must have
a Department of Information in 2001 to face the millennial cyber threat,"
Gore declared.

@_date: 1998-03-12 07:26:23
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Protection Commander 1.0 
Interesting....looks very unsecure though.
Ken Williams
\-| Chief weapons of UNIX:  Fear, surprise and ruthless efficiency. |-/

@_date: 1998-03-12 13:41:06
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: new on Peacefire: TracerLock search monitor service (fwd) 
Ken Williams
\-| Chief weapons of UNIX:  Fear, surprise and ruthless efficiency. |-/
---------- Forwarded message ----------
[You are receiving this after signing up for membership in Peacefire at
  To unsubscribe yourself from this list and
cancel your Peacefire membership, see unsubscription instructions at the
end of this message.]
"They set 'em up. We knock 'em down. And here we are again."
Even though the Communications Decency Act was struck down by the Supreme
Court in the summer of 1997, New Mexico has just passed their own statewide
version of the infamous Internet censorship law.  Senate Bill 127, recently
signed by the governor of New Mexico, makes it illegal to place information
"harmful to minors" on the Internet where a person under 18 would be able
to access it.  The EFF and the ACLU have said they will fight the law in
court; the ACLU has already won lawsuits to overturn similar laws in four
other states.
If you know someone living in New Mexico, or if you live in New Mexico, we
need your help!  Peacefire is creating a "civil disobedience" page for
Internet users to protest the New Mexico law.  By filling out a form on our
Web site, a user will be able to click a button and automatically send a
Bible verse that mentions sex, or an excerpt on birth control from the
plannedparenthood.org Web page, to a Peacefire member under 18 living in
New Mexico.  These are the type of materials that would violate the
Communications Decency Act and New Mexico's S.B. 127.  Although the
volunteer living in New Mexico can simply delete the messages as they
arrive, it will still count as an act of civil disobedience for the user to
fill out the form that causes the message to be transmitted.
Please help us find someone living in New Mexico who could volunteer to
receive the automatic e-mails and delete them.  The number of e-mails
should be small (less than 10 per day), and they will all have the same
identical subject line so they will be easy to recognize and delete.  (If
the number of e-mails grows beyond that, we can have several volunteers.)
More online coverage of the New Mexico law:
To leave Peacefire and unsubscribe yourself from this list, send a message
to "majordomo with the message body:
        unsubscribe peacefire-broadcast
Please note that the only requirement for being a member of Peacefire is to
remain subscribed to peacefire-broadcast, but if you unsubscribe from this
list you will no longer be a member.
bennett   (615) 421 6284

@_date: 1998-03-18 12:52:36
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: interNIC is a bunch of fuckwads... (fwd) 
A friend of mine put in a request to reg "pimpshit.com" the other day but
it was DENIED by interNIC because it was deemed "innapropriate"..
WHAT THE FUCK?  lets see, fucker.com *isn't* innapropriate? assmaster.com
isn't?  what the hell crawled up their asses and died?  why is a
commercial corporation running the internet?  why is free speech being
taken away by these fuckwads? let me guess, they also will support CDA2.
and any other censorship bullshit that our government tries to "protect
us" with?
goddamnit,. people should be able to reg whatever the fuck they want. from
pussy.org, to nigger.com... I don't give a fuck if it's offensive to me or
anybody, people should still have that very simple right.
so, does anyone know what the story is? is interNIC going to refuse
re-registration for such names as fucker.com nigger.com pussy.com etc...?
or are they just refusing new registration with "innapropriate" stuff?
They'd better refuse re-registration, otherwise it's totally unfair to
EVERYBODY... hell, they're already being unfair to everybody..
ICQ: 8141565

@_date: 1998-03-19 02:11:53
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Chicken "anons" and "nobody's" 
Well, Stan, all of the news you read ultimately comes from the one person
selected by Clinton to drive The Propoganda Machine up in Washington, DC.
Ken Williams
ORG: NC State Computer Science Dept     VP of The E.H.A.P. Corp.   EML: jkwilli2          ehap             WWW:       PGP: finger tattooman

@_date: 1998-03-19 02:36:22
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: UPSs 
How many times have you been struck by lightning, Stan?  The effects are
Ken Williams
ORG: NC State Computer Science Dept     VP of The E.H.A.P. Corp.   EML: jkwilli2          ehap             WWW:       PGP: finger tattooman

@_date: 1998-04-02 11:21:01
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: regulating the internet 
Ken Williams
ORG: NC State Computer Science Dept   VP of The E.H.A.P. Corp.   EML: jkwilli2        ehap             WWW:     PGP: finger tattooman

@_date: 1998-04-02 13:21:23
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: regulating the internet -- clarification 
I am serious about my answer too.  My answer is "no".
To clarify:  I do NOT think it is feasible "to regulate the Internet".
The feds don't have enough clueservers to keep up with the technology and
the growth.  Only Fidel Castro could single-handedly regulate the
Internet, but he still doesn't have Internet access (besides that AOL
account), so that's a moot point.  Trying to "regulate the Internet" is
like the government trying to regulate an individual's bowel movements.
Ex-Lax does a better job, but still can't do it right.
Just say no to government sponsored prostate exams and body cavity
Ken

@_date: 1998-04-07 13:06:55
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: Is Privacy-hater Gary Burnore a Sex Offender? 
yes, it is confirmed.  search at the site below.  The North Carolina Sex Offender and Public Protection Registry
i don't read triangle.general though so i don't know if it is the same
person.  the address listed above is just a few blocks from my house
though.  just great.  i'll have to keep my cat and dog inside from now on.
Ken Williams
ORG: VP of The E.H.A.P. Corp.   EML: ehap             WWW:          PGP: finger tattooman

@_date: 1998-04-28 11:46:01
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: hacking smartcards 
nice info, ideas, and website.
Ken Williams
ORG: NC State Computer Science Dept   VP of The E.H.A.P. Corp.   EML: jkwilli2        ehap             WWW:     PGP: finger tattooman

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:19:55
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: US Cyberthreat Policy 
Kenneth A. Minihan and George J. Tenet Elected to America Online, Inc.
Board of Directors
New Board Members Hail From NSA and CIA DULLES, VA /DenounceNewswire/ -- 5 November 1998 -- America Online, Inc. announced today Lieutenant General Kenneth A. Minihan, Director of the National Security Agency and Chief of the Central Security Service, and George J. Tenet, Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, have been elected to its Board of Directors. AOL now boasts a board that includes the former head of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Colin Powell; a former Nixon aide General Alexander Haig; and two distingished leaders of the U.S. intelligence community. "I am proud today to announce the election of Lieutenant General Kenneth Minihan and George Tenet to America Online's Board of Directors. Both of them possess records of proven leadership and commitment to public service that will be invaluable to our company as we work to build our business and the interactive medium into the next millennium," said Steve Case, Chairman and CEO of America Online, Inc. Mr. Case added: "Lieutenant General Minihan's record of service to our country, both in the military and in his current work with the NSA, is without equal in our times. His commitment to America's security and our country's future fits squarely with AOL's determination to build an online medium that dominates people's lives -- helping us to learn, to organize their lives, and even to engage more fully in the political process." Mr. Case continued: "George Tenet is a visionary leader in both the world of intelligence-gathering and the mass marketplace. He has played key roles in landmark achievements for our society. His expertise in the world of cloak and dagger will serve AOL in meeting the critical challenges facing the Company and in fulfilling our commitment to build a medium that threatens society as no other before."
Mr. Case wasn't done yet, adding further: "We look forward to working with the NSA and the CIA as we migrate the AOL network over to complete ECHELON compatibility with the next six months." ECHELON is the government's secret worldwide network that monitors all voice, data, fax, video, satellite, and digital communications in every country, recording, indexing, and collating every utterance made between every man, woman, child, business, or other organization, as well as between any two computer systems anywhere. "The perception that the Internet can change and improve peoples' lives and to reconnect them to their community is powerful and extraordinary," said Lt. General Minihan. "I'm honored to serve on the Board of a company that has been leading the way in creating such a perception in the public's mind, and leading the way to shaping a medium that that will open new doors of opportunity for our national security state." "In the next few years, public policy discussions in Washington and around the world will have as much to do with the development and ultimate impact of the Internet as any technological advance," said Mr. Tenet. "I look forward to serving a Company that is at the center of these policy discussions and is playing a large role in determining the success -- or failure -- of people around the world." source:

@_date: 1998-11-16 21:21:46
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: BEATING THE TEMPEST 
BEATING THE TEMPEST: December 1998
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they aren't out to get you. Most computer users would be startled to realize that somebody parked outside their home with the right kind of (very expensive) receiving equipment can read the data that appear on their computer screens. The receiver uses the monitor's radio emanations to reconstruct the screen's contents. The U.S. Department of State and other organizations spend a fortune buying shielded hardware to defeat these signals, known as Tempest radiation, after the code name for a government program aimed at tackling it.
Now Ross Anderson, a computer scientist at the University of Cambridge, and graduate student Markus G. Kuhn say they have developed methods for controlling Tempest radiation. What's different about their techniques is that they run in software, making them much cheaper and easier to deploy.
The story began, Anderson says, when Microsoft made its $20-million investment in Cambridge's computer science lab and said the company was particularly interested in ways to control software piracy. Most approaches call for some kind of copy protection; Anderson's idea was to design something that would enable detection of offenders rather than prohibit copying, which is a nuisance loathed by consumers. Their concept was to make computer screens broadcast the serial number of the software in use. In principle, properly equipped vans could patrol business districts looking for copyright infringements. In researching the broadcast idea, Anderson and Kuhn came up with fundamental discoveries about Tempest.
In particular, they observed that emissions relating to screen content are mostly found in the higher bands--above 30 megahertz, in the UHF and VHF bands. So altering those frequencies could change the Tempest radiation.
Anderson and his colleagues have fashioned a couple of prototypes that rely on different frequency-alteration methods. One of the lab's prototypes, built using a black-and-white video display capable of monitoring and receiving Tempest radiation, filters the top frequencies. As a result, the fonts become unreadable to the eavesdropping receiver. On-screen, the fonts look comfortably legible and nearly normal. Filtering text requires display software that supports grayscale representation of fonts, but most computers have this ability. Therefore, Anderson believes this technology could be easily built into existing machines, although the fonts' interference with graphics makes it more likely they would be included in a security product than in, say, a general operating system.
The second prototype takes advantage of the display technique known as dithering, a method of mixing extra colors from a limited palette based on the principle that if the dots that make up the display are small enough, the human eye will perceive the mix as a solid color. Given a monitor of today's high resolutions, the human eye cannot distinguish between a solid medium gray and a pattern of black-and-white pixels that adds up to the same gray. But the pattern of black and white is much easier for the snooping receiver to detect, one consequence being that the computer could be programmed to broadcast a different signal from the one that actually appears on the screen. The demonstration on display at Anderson's lab serves as a nice example, in which the word "Oxford" on the display appears as "Cambridge" on the receiver.
Aside from stemming electronic eavesdropping, these prototypes could open the way to new types of security attacks on computers, Anderson and Kuhn suggest. A virus could be designed to find and then broadcast information stored on a machine without a user's knowledge. The game of spy versus spy goes on.
WENDY M. GROSSMAN is a freelance writer based in London.

@_date: 1998-11-19 22:02:47
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
"viciously attacked" ???  He was begging for warez!  Any self-respecting, patriotic Amercian citizen would have reporting him to the IRS for not paying his "Warez Tax".  He should be glad that i'm not that person.
You calling me a "warez pup"?
A "pat on the back" and $500 in e-cash instead?
Are you now complaining about quality free pr0n links???  Where is your Yes, CJ is lucky to have the IRS alright.
Tell me about it!  You need some help with yours?
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          Get Your Private, Free, Encrypted Email at

@_date: 1998-11-25 22:28:35
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You!   (fwd) 
Good thing I keep all my money in a steel case buried somewhere
along the Appalachian trail.  No bank accounts, no credit cards.
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          Get Your Private, Free, Encrypted Email at

@_date: 1998-11-25 23:54:48
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Re: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You!  (fwd) 
(fwd)
Actually, the interest that would be earned through savings accounts
and/or any other bank-related investments is insignificant when compared to returns on business investments that can be made without
the interference of the banks and government agencies. FYI, I was kidding about the money in the steel case on the App Trail, but I really do not have any bank accounts or credit cards.  I have
yet to find an honest banker/bank that can be trusted.

@_date: 1998-11-30 23:40:55
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: F.U.D. ... or "The Webmaster of this site is on more than weed" 
I came across a funny article about a "CIA, DEA, FBI, Lucent Technologies, Replay.com, Seed-bank.com Grand Conspiracy" at
Made for some interesting reading, and certain aspects of the site do merit discussion/investigation.
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          Get Your Private, Free, Encrypted Email at

@_date: 1998-11-30 23:40:56
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: more FUD! 
Interesting FUD-related thread on my message board that is tied in
to the mail i just sent...
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          Get Your Private, Free, Encrypted Email at

@_date: 1998-12-01 09:28:22
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: somebody clue this person in please! 
i'm laughing too damned hard to do it myself.
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          Get Your Private, Free, Encrypted Email at

@_date: 1998-12-12 14:04:49
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: RE: Postcard Debates 
Funny you should mention the USPS and email.  I was browsing through the latest issue of PC WEEK (12-07-98), and noticed the following paragraph in Spencer Katt's column "Rumor Central" on page 178 -      "A self-proclaimed 'project mis-manager' was chatting with a buddy who's done some development work for the U.S. Postal Service.
His pal was talking about a new project in which the USPS will accept electronic documents, merge them with a mailing list, print
them at the post office branch closest to the destination of each
document's recipient and deliver them for less than the price of a snail mail stamp.  The kicker: Microsoft is considering an add-in
that will put a USPS 'Mail' button in Office 2000 for directly
linking to the service."
it's pure evil.
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          ___________________________________________________________________ Get Your Email Sniffed and Decrypted for Free at

@_date: 1998-12-24 00:04:57
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: "U.S. Allows Export Of Crypto Product ... strong-encryption productto 42 countries, without government-backed key-recovery" 
U.S. Allows Export Of Crypto Product
(12/22/98, 5:38 p.m. ET)
George Leopold, EE Times, Network security specialists ODS  Networks has won government approval to export its strong-encryption product to companies in 42 countries, without a  government-backed key-recovery feature.
ODS, in Richardson, Texas, said it is the first U.S. company to receive a blanket export license from the Department of Commerce to ship its encryption product.  The government strictly controls the export of encryption products with a key-recovery feature and key lengths of 112, 128, or 1,024 bits. The ODS products use an alternate "stream recovery" feature that lets users protect encrypted data. The company said its stream-recovery scheme helps resolve conflicting requirements for privacy and monitoring. ODS said its objective was to introduce a monitoring capability that protects the rights of innocent third parties in criminal

@_date: 1998-12-10 06:06:14
@_author: Ken Williams 
@_subject: Global Strike to protest Wassenaar 
Content-Length: 1608
Lines: 49
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
"Strike to protest Wassenaar!"
URL:  "This is a global call for computer professionals to strike on Monday, 14 December, 1998 to protest the signing of the Wassenaar
Arrangement, an international treaty that imposes new restrictions on cryptographic software technology. The strike is meant to raise
awareness about the importance of cryptography, about the U.S. government's wrongheaded attempts to curtail its use, and about the strong-arm tactics used by the United States to pressure other countries into limiting their citizens' rights the way it has limited its own."
Ken Williams
Packet Storm Security        E.H.A.P. Head of Operations     ehap
NC State CS Dept     jkwilli2
PGP DSS/DH/RSA Keys          ___________________________________________________________________ Get Your Email Sniffed and Decrypted for Free at
