
@_date: 1994-11-17 13:31:00
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: Soldiers of God 
I give up; I must really be a persecutor... Say, anyone remember what I
did with my KKK hood?
Now for some content.  I see two very good reasons why Christian fundamentalists (CFs) would be on the side of the cypherpunk ideals:
1.  There is a recurring theme in CF thought that can be summed up in a
quote often heard: "...cross-referencing the Book of Revelation with the
New York Times..."  Many CFs see parallels in the Bible concerning
predictions about the Antichrist and his aims with the power that is
becoming rapidly available through the "Information Superhighway".  For
an example of this, try mentioning "digital cash" to a CF who isn't very
technically hip and see what kind of reaction you get.  Yet their concerns with these things is ultimately rooted in concern that a power structure will be erected that centralizes power; when that center is taken over by the Antichrist (whoever that may be), that's when "no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark" (Revelation 13:17 NIV, if you're interested).  These same people, when they question me (since I'm a computer professional and therefore am "in danger"), are very enthusiastic when I talk to them about public-key crypto, anonymized digital cash, and the like, since these work to decentralize power.  They are also appalled when I describe to them the implications of Clipper and Digital Telephony.  Thinking CFs many times despair because of the inevitability of the "information economy" and the power implications it has; if they were to find out about any technical tools that would ensure decentralization of the NII, I'm sure they would fight hard to ensure their inclusion.  Anybody around here know of any such technical tools? :-)
2.  There are still places in the world where Christians are persecuted;
Tibet comes to mind as one place.  I have already put a copy of PGP into
the hands of someone who wants to communicate with an underground
church, and have also hinted to him about how to use anonymous
remailers, pseudonyms, and the like.  Maintaining communication in many
cases is essential to the survival to a particular cause, and the spread
of the gospel is no different.
I will also add in passing that PGP could possibly be of interest for
use by both moderate and radical pro-life groups, who now both fear
repression as a result of the publicity of the murder of the abortion
doctor in Florida.  (BIG DISCLAIMER: I am pro-life, and am totally
opposed to the killing of abortion doctors.  I am NOT advocating any
position on abortion on the list, however, and will not defend my
position here.  Remember that just because YOU oppose a group does not
mean they don't deserve privacy!)

@_date: 1994-11-29 13:58:59
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: The Market for Crypto--A Curmudgeon's View 
Perhaps something a little more useful would be a little more palatable.  I have a feeling that something like the above would sound gratuitous to many on the list.  A better way would possibly be to have some value-added service offered by the list server which involves encryption or digital signatures.
Here are a few ideas:
1.  What if all messages on the list were themselves signed by "Cypherpunks List "?  (yeah, I'm reaching here; let my brain warm up...)
2.  Encrypted submission to the list.  This could be useful if used in tandem with remailers, perhaps...
3.  Offer anonymization locally.  Messages posted this way could appear as "cypherpunks-reader or something like that.  When combined with remailers and encryption (like  above), this could mix things up with respect to anonymous mail.  As another (possible) option, the remailers could be set to recognize cypherpunks and send in such a way as to use this local anonymizing.
4.  Auto-verify signed messages.  Put a header at the top of signed messages such as:
[Signature verified.  ID: Joe Blow ]
[Bad signature!  ID: Joe Blow ]
for tested signatures.  This would either require a key registry (where you register your public key with the list server) or an interface to the key servers.  This would of course imply quite a few changes to the list server code, as well as possibly non-trivial resources to do the processing, but hey, social imperatives don't have to answer to reality, now, do they?  (At least they never seem to when the government is concerned. :-)
Two variants: Strip the signatures after verifying them, and/or marking unsigned posts in a similar way.
5.  Allow the option to encrypt list messages before sending.  If we used  above, this could encrypt with the public keys; otherwise, it could use conventional encryption.  This could be a great boon to readers whose sysadmins might take a dim view of them reading such an antisocial list. :-)  Corollary: allow the option of sending the list, encrypted, through the remailers as well without requiring a pseudonymous remailer.
I'm sure I could think of more lamebrained ideas given enough time and motivation. :-)
I would agree, though I would suggest that holding out carrots (neat features you can take advantage of if you encrypt) would work better than punishments (your posts won't get through as fast if you don't sign your posts).  Does that make me a Puller?
This post is. :-)  I'm a believer that it serves as effective spoof insurance.  But, then again, I've got a direct Ethernet link to the net on my Windows box at work and Linux at home, so it's easy for me.
Also, I wasn't even a lurker at that time, so my suggestions may be old
hat.  If so, please bonk lightly!

@_date: 1994-11-30 13:40:11
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
It is a LITTLE more secure than trusting the message sender.  After all, the cypherpunks sig checker would be an independent party.  Sure, if Eric decided he didn't like someone, he could hack the sig checker to always reject that person's signatures; on the other hand, he could hack the list server right now to reject people's posts outright.  As long as it were recognized as an "outside authority" (with proper disclaimers), I think it would be useful.  At the very least, one would always have the option of checking the sig also.
The problem is that checking the digsigs of everyone posting to the list is pretty tedious and time-consuming; consequently, the sigs generally go unchecked.  I think they still hold a benefit both as spoof/fraud insurance and as an evangelism tool (a fact I have just today been reminded of).  Another good argument for "automatic" crypto in news/mail

@_date: 1994-11-30 13:59:01
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Auto-Verifying of Sigs 
Thinking about this requiring/checking sigs thing, I thought of Really, the only "unknown" with signed messages is whether they are valid or not; it's pretty easy to distinguish the unsigned posts.  Furthermore, it seems to be my observation with verifying digsigs (as I do in non-crypto groups I subscribe to) that the vast majority of sigs will turn up OK.  It seems, therefore, that expending a lot of effort to change the current list to allow this would be wasteful considering the relatively few times that it would produce any useful information.
May I propose a "better" way (you be the judge here): Proxy the job.
Have a 'bot subscribe to the list (through whatever way), armed with a complete keyserver keyring.  Its only function is to check all signed messages from the list.  Unsigned messages, messages with sigs that checked OK, and messages signed with unknown keys would generate no response from the 'bot.  A failed sig, however, would cause the 'bot to send a (digitally signed, optionally) message to the list to the effect of "This message here didn't check OK" (complete with disclaimers and warnings about trusting authorities blindly).
This would be a totally automated way of checking sigs, and wouldn't involve any new code on the list's part.  Those who didn't want the intruding messages could killfile the 'bot, and the rest of us wouldn't be bothered with redundant information on every post.
What say ye all?  I can tentatively volunteer my business account to do the work (have to talk to my boss about it first, as that account has to pay for volume and phone time).  I'll play with some code in the meantime and see what I can come up with.

@_date: 1994-11-30 14:52:23
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
Uh... don't think your program would have done much good with that sig anyway.  'Twas a spoof by L. Todd Masco to drive home a point (and a well-done spoof, I might add!)
Out of curiosity, exactly what is your program?  What platform does it run on?  It might be interesting as a good solution to the auto-reply proposal, especially if it can be made cross-platform.

@_date: 1994-12-01 08:02:10
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory sig workaround 
Speaking as a "gearhead", I have a few observations...
[Proof of gearhead status: My post is signed.  I'm writing under Windows
with an Ethernet to the world, using Pegasus Mail and PGPClip.  I've got
the mouse movements memorized.  I run Linux at home and administer it at
work, both with their own PGP and other k00l t00lz.  I have encrypted
filesystems on some of my boxes.  I'm working on two personal projects
directly spawned by this debate.  None of my machines are Pentiums,
though; I must only be a junior gearhead. :-]
Considering our wonderful motto, "Cypherpunks write code", I'd say that Tim's assessment of the situation is more an indictment than anything else.  Why the heck CAN'T Tim sign his posts easily despite his limited connectivity?  I grant that it's not anyone's responsibility to take care of him for free; however, I can't see advocating hard-to-use crypto as a solution to any of the problems given here.  I don't know about the rest, but I treat Tim's statement above as a personal challenge.  (Go ahead.  Just TRY to make me a package so easy to use I'll have no excuse.  Just TRY it!)
[Unfortunately, Tim, it's sad that you may not be able to benefit from any of my results.  I'm clueless about Mac code and have no way of rectifying that; thus, my efforts are limited to Windows...]
ObSigs: Perhaps once the tools are written, Eric's proposals won't seem so objectionable.  If signing is just a matter of clicking and typing a pass phrase (no matter what your particular environment is like), then pushing sigs in this way doesn't seem like such a bad thing.  I don't think that encouraging/requiring sigs will encourage net.cops to do anything that probably isn't a bad idea anyway, esp. since we don't have an Official Cypherpunks Certifying Authority(tm).
Well, Tim, I personally don't mind you kicking your responsibility to live up to the ol' motto and waste our time with your illuminating discourse. :-)
[Before you flame me: The fact that you have reacted so angrily to the
above statement indicates your answer to Tim's question.  Believe me,
the above is satire, and I would agree with you.]
I think there's a place both for the gearheads and the visionaries. Sure,
Tim doesn't contribute any code (generally!); on the other hand, I don't
remember contributing too much in the way of vision (or code, for that
matter :-).  Maybe we should both get ourselves kicked off; after all,
some (Eric comes to mind) have done both...
[Eric here]
As an aside, what would be a minimum standard for a usable enough
solution?  [Besides persuading Qualcomm, Microsoft, and the rest to put
a "PGP" button in their mailers.  I'm looking for an incremental step
that can be done without connections.] An example of an idea I've had: Supposedly, Pegasus Mail for Windows (a
SMTP/POP3 and MHS/NetWare mailer) will soon have DDE and OLE support. I'm thinking of a separate "PGP Shell for Pegasus" program that would
load and do its thing by controlling the mailer through DDE (and maybe
OLE).  It would be a separate app (at least the DDE version would), but
it would at least have the "click and go" kind of ease of use that I've
heard people asking for.  I'm working on a prototype that will do the same for Programmer's File Editor, a DDE-aware text editor (its only advantage: it's really here, unlike the DDE-aware mailers...).

@_date: 1994-12-02 13:50:09
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Term Emulators (was Re: public accounts / PGP / passphrases) 
I think you misunderstood.  I took Derek as saying that 'modem programs' (as in the Procomm/Crosstalk kind) should have PGP integration.  If these truly provided a full-featured network, then yes, the focus would need to be on the local editors/viewers we'd all use.  As it is, these programs only provide a narrow window into a far-off environment, with varying degrees of security.
As a positive proposal, I noticed Greg Broiles's posts with the scripts and came up with an idea.  Would it be possibly a step forward to write similar scripts to allow for local agency?  I envision two stages here:
1.  Scripts on the remote end substituting for your editor that actually run your editor, then ask (once you're done with the plaintext) whether you'd like to process the message locally.  If so, it would send the file via sz, wait for a Enter: press, then rz the file back, substituting the rz'd file for the original.  You'd still have to mess with files on the local end, though.
2.  Local control of the term emulator to automate the local agency part of the transaction.
True.  However, the plight of the poor user who must use dial-up to
connect is still one where all the agency must happen on the other end
of the wire.  I don't think these are going to go away any time soon,
and by the time they do, we'll probably all have moved on to some new
GeeWhizBang system developed commercially (my guess is it'll come out
about a year after the RSA patent expires... :-) and integrated via OLE4
into our Windows 5.2 messaging systems (whoops!  sorry, Tim, I meant via
AppleMindMeld into our System 9.3 messaging systems :-).

@_date: 1994-12-06 14:25:05
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: GUCAPI (Grand Unified Crypto API) 
Here's a few random thoughts:
Perhaps we could split the functions into groups according to the purpose of the group.  Thus, key generation protocols would be in one group, encryption in another, decryption in another, file I/O routines in another, and so on.  This would seem to encourage a more modular approach.  It would provide an additional level of abstraction as well; you could implement higher-level actions in terms of lower-level ones.  For example, you could implement "PGP-encrypt" in terms of calls to RSA-specific and IDEA-specific functions; from the point of view of the application, however, raw RSA and "PGP-style" encryption would look like two separate implementations of the same API.  It could also facilitate certain other types of apps; for example, if we had a "key management" API and implementations of the API for PGP keys and PEM keys, we could easily construct an app that could PGP-encrypt with PEM keys and vice Not to be an OO bigot or anything, but I would implement these as object groups, with the parents defining the API and the children implementing it.  As an example, consider this "Key" hierarchy:
                    Key
                   /   \
              PubKey   PrivKey
- ->              /       /   \
            RSAKey  DESKey  IDEAKey
             /  \
        PGPKey  PEMKey
The arrow indicates the drawing line between definition and implementation classes.  Note the common heritage of PGPKey and PEMKey with RSAKey; this could be used as a mechanism for converting between keys if RSAKey were implemented as a "raw" key, while PGPKey and PEMKey could include other key-specific baggage such as userIDs, attached certificates, etc.  Supposedly, then, key management and other stuff could be made specific to the key type, but encrypting and decrypting could consist of a simple:
  Boolean RSAencrypt(char *message, RSAKey &key);
(to use C++ language - substitute your own OOL if desired) and could then use either key format for its dirty work.  Of course, this is simplistic, as the encryption engine itself would probably be an object also, etc., There's some very rough ideas!  They're in bad need of clarification; let 'em have it!

@_date: 1994-12-09 11:34:17
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
This intrigued me, so I checked it out.  I didn't see anything about a threat model, but they did have some extensive discussion about their security, including things I found interesting...
They call their system "Secure Sockets Layer" (SSL), which appears to be a kind of link-level encryption which they layer below HTTP.  This is opposed to SHTTP, which is more MIME-like.  They don't seem to think much of SHTTP; their FAQ answers the question "Are there other secure browsers available?" with "Nope; no one else uses SSL at this time." (paraphrased)
What's interesting is that they're planning to put NNTP, FTP, etc. on top of SSL as well, allowing for "secure FTP" and "secure news", etc.
SSL is supposedly an open standard, and Netscape is pressing for it to become a true standard.  Apparently, they've even issued an RFC for it.  The full text of the SSL protocol is on their Web site.
As for technical issues, they aren't very satisfactory concerning the kind of questions Adam raised; it's mostly about RC4 layered on top of RSA and MD5 hashes sent at this time, etc...  The SSL spec contains a section on attacks which seems elementary even to my novice mind.
Is there interest in posting the spec?  It's in RFC format, but hasn't even been assigned a number yet, so it doesn't appear to be uncopyable, as it were.

@_date: 1994-12-16 07:54:33
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: MIME, VT100, SLIP, TIA, And All That 
Allow me to inject a "phenomenology of access" to the raging blaze...
I am sitting, at the moment, at a 486DX2/66 running Win 3.1 and PC/TCP.  The Ethernet on this thing is connected (somewhere) to a fiber link which is itself connected to some serious bandwidth (I believe multiple T3s are This is an on-site job I'm doing for my company which is in the process of wrapping up, so soon I'll be returning to my regular workplace.  It's running a small net, with a Linux box routing mail via UUCP and SLIP (depending if someone's decided to pull SLIP up).  We have to use net tools directly on the Linux box; our other computers (various types and operating systems, all high-powered) have no ability to access the world except through mail and the limited feed we can afford.
Finally, as this list is high-bandwidth, my boss has told me to use a different account for 'punks.  That is a local freenet account, no shell access, no TIA.  (And before you ask: I do volunteer work for the freenet, and I know that there are *legal*, not technical, reasons why things like TIA will never be allowed.)  I must use this through dialup; I have pine (no elm, no mailx, no mh, no X tools, etc.).  With SLIP, I can POP my mail somewhere else; I'm getting ready to set up so I can do this from work, but it's running into bandwidth problems.  There is no local SLIP provider that provides to home users.  Thus, I am trapped in a VT100 environment, where a shell would be a great luxury.  If and when I get SLIP, I'll have to do it on a 386SX/20 with 4M of RAM, not exactly your speed demon kind of machine.
Many of the people I've talked to, and have convinced that crypto is a Good Thing(tm), are complete newbies.  They might have a Prairienet account, they might not.  Most of them are a bit intimidated by PGP, especially when I start talking to them about the hassles necessary to get PGP to work with dialup mail.  And I can't blame them; I've yet to get a good setup running which will allow me to PGP-ize at home through my dialup, even with Linux running on my poor beast of burden.
My point?  Actually, I've got a few:
1.  While I, too, have experienced the head rush that comes with fully graphical interfaces to high-bandwidth Net, I am also painfully aware of the reality that too many people are stuck with less.  Given a few weeks, I may be one of them, and the prospects of this may be enough to cause me to, regretfully, follow Tim in his exodus from the list.  (Forget the problem of signing!)
2.  MIME (the standard) causes my heart to flutter.  It is a wonderful standard.  The implications are simply staggering, and for more than just crypto.  I yearn for the day when Joe Average User can experience Amanda's MIME utopia in the comforts of his/her own home.  It will, however, be a while before this can become a reality.  Perhaps in California, where there are POPs every few blocks, it seems silly to suggest that we limit ourselves to the failings of the VT100; out here in central Illinois, however, where just establishing a single POP is an exercise in frustration (you don't want to know how I know this), the VT100 is here to stay for a long time.
3.  I note with sadness the loss of one of our top propagandists ;-) over this issue.  I respected his ability to see beyond the glitter of the possible into the cold darkness of the available, especially considering his comparative riches access- and hardware-wise.  The issues he raised about MIME, he did from a personal standpoint, but he also was able to speak for many who don't have such great access.  Noting the treatment he was given ("you don't fuckin' know what you're talking about"), I also wonder about my own fate when I am deprived of my own connectivity riches; considering that technical reasons alone just might necessitate my exit from the list, my resolve to stay might be undermined by the prospect of a list devoted to a technological elitism rather than a practical and grassroots effort to promote cryptography on all fronts, whether "technologically challenged" or not.
Tim, I've CCed this to you, frankly, in the hopes that you'll come back soon.  Not all of us think your middle name is Ludd.  Happy vacation!

@_date: 1994-12-19 10:20:46
@_author: "JEFF LICQUIA (CEI 
@_subject: PGP-MIME spec (No Flames Allowed!) 
Disclaimer: This document assumes that MIME is an OK thing and a possible tool for bringing crypto to the masses.  It does not assume anything about the current state of affairs concerning MIME mailers; rather, it serves as a possible impetus for code.  Critical posts of a non-technical nature ("MIME sucks, you moron!") will be ignored.
Watching the MIME flame wars, I was intrigued by the references quoted concerning PEM-MIME and so on, leading me to a great deal of research with an eye to writing some PGP-MIME kinds of tools.  In doing this, I happened upon a post by Mr. Borenstein in comp.mail.mime stating, in effect, that the previous draft standard of application/pgp was a dead end.  I also noticed that Mr. Borenstein called for volunteers to write a draft standard to integrate PGP into the PEM-MIME scheme developed at the last IETF meeting.  This seems like a golden opportunity to give mail vendors a "push" to integrate PGP with their mailers, so I thought I'd mention it here in case someone was interested who might have missed the comp.mail.mime post.
I've noticed Mr. Borenstein's presence here in cypherpunks; I invite him to clarify or update as needed.
I'd also volunteer to work on the draft, except that my qualifications to do so are about as low as you get on a list like this one, and I'm sure that just about anyone else would probably be more qualified.  However, if no one else is interested, I'll do what I can!
