
@_date: 1998-07-02 11:14:38
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: Re: IE Frees Crypto 
The Guardian article is probably not as good as the real thing :-) and
so I've quoted excerpts from it here. The full document is on:
 (John, it would be better to quote the actual document on your page as
the Guardian article is only a limited view.) Ira Magaziner was in negotiation with the Irish government over this and
some meetings were held in secret. I am still trying to get all the
facts on this one. · Users shall have the right to access strong and secure encryption to
ensure the confidentiality, security and reliability of stored data and
electronic communications.
· Users shall have the right to choose any cryptographic method.
· The production, import and use of encryption technologies in Ireland
shall not be subject to any regulatory controls other than obligations
relating to lawful access.
· The export of cryptographic products is to continue to be regulated in
accordance with the relevant EU Regulations and Decisions and Irish
national legislation which reflect the Wassenaar Arrangement on Export
Controls for Dual-Use Goods and Technologies and Conventional Arms.
This one is worrying as the gobshites in the EC are capable of really
banjaxing the situation. Since EU Directives are law when they are
published, they could well cause a bit of legal conflict. Under EU
legislation, at least one of my books could be banned.
· In order to enable lawful access to encrypted data, legislation will
be enacted to oblige users of encryption products to release, in
response to a lawful authorisation, either plaintext which verifiably
relates to the encrypted data in question or the keys or algorithms
necessary to retrieve the plaintext. Appropriate sanctions will be put
in place in respect of failure to comply.
This seems to be carefully considered in that the user could be asked to
prove the encrypted document contains the encrypted form of the
plaintext. But the most important thing is that a search warrant would
be required to force the user to give up the plaintext or the key.
Surprisingly it could be interpreted so that the user only has to prove
the link rather than giving up his or her key.
2. Electronic Signatures
· Legislation will be enacted to facilitate the use of electronic
signatures through the establishment of a framework for the
authorisation of bodies to act as nationally accredited Certification
This is unusual - could this mean that each Irish citizen would have
their own Cert/sig? Everyone who works in Ireland or avails of any state
services seems to have an RSI number (just like the SS number in the
US). They introduced mag strip cards for unemployment benefits a few
years ago.
I am currently working on an article about this proposal on crypto and
will post it when I finish it.

@_date: 1998-07-02 17:04:24
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: Re: IE Frees Crypto 
Yep Eric,
I think that most people have jumped the gun here on this one. These are
not the actual regulations. They are only part of a framework proposal
so the eventual legislation could be lightyears removed from these
principles. (In fact given that most of the discussions between Ira
Magaziner and the Irish government were carried out in secret, I think
that the eventual legislation will be riddled with loopholes. Guess we
may have become the 51st state and we didn't even know. :-) ) The
problem is that most of the journos who wrote about it are relatively
clueless on the crypto aspect of things. There was some input from
Electronic Frontier Ireland  (Irish version of EFF) on the principles so
that is a good thing.

@_date: 1998-09-12 18:05:11
@_author: John McCormac 
@_subject: Re: Investigating the Suspect Computer 
A few years ago the plaintext attack was implmented. One of the first
tests was on an encrypted file released in Europe that was supposed to
contain the source code and emulation of the Sky 0A smartcard. It
cracked it in about 3 hours I seem to recall.
The implementation worked exceedingly well and ran on Linux. The page
says that the w95 version is also available.
