
@_date: 1997-01-31 11:56:36
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
from Postal Service offers $25,000 reward for stolen . . . something
By ARNOLD MARKOWITZ Herald Staff Writer     U.S. mail carriers carry more than just the U.S. mail.
They carry something else so secret that nobody outside the
Postal Service knows about it -- except four crooks who steal
them from letter carriers on the streets of Miami. There's a
$25,000 reward for tips producing capture and conviction.
Please direct any replies for the list to me also, as I am
still on Ray's FCPUNX, which I suppose makes this list
double-filtered for me now, if a little delayed. :-)
Typically, I now care what the mystery device is, since the
occasionally-disgruntled ones don't want me to know.
Regards, Jim Ray DNRC Minister of Encryption Advocacy
One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
way around. -- me
    PGP id.A7D63DA9 98 1F 39 BA 93 86 B4 F5  57 52 64 0E DA BA 2C 71

@_date: 1997-01-31 08:45:17
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
from Postal Service offers $25,000 reward for stolen . . . something
By ARNOLD MARKOWITZ Herald Staff Writer     U.S. mail carriers carry more than just the U.S. mail.
They carry something else so secret that nobody outside the
Postal Service knows about it -- except four crooks who steal
them from letter carriers on the streets of Miami. There's a
$25,000 reward for tips producing capture and conviction.
Please direct any replies for the list to me also, as I am
still on Ray's FCPUNX, which I suppose makes this list
double-filtered for me now, if a little delayed. :-)
Typically, I now care what the mystery device is, since the
occasionally-disgruntled ones don't want me to know.
Regards, Jim Ray DNRC Minister of Encryption Advocacy
One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
way around. -- me
    PGP id.A7D63DA9 98 1F 39 BA 93 86 B4 F5  57 52 64 0E DA BA 2C 71

@_date: 1997-02-03 15:56:54
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: "Secret" Postal Device -- Update. 
It seems as though it's a keyring(!) with one (some?) of the/those
key(s) they use to unlock all the mailboxes for apartment houses.
I guess it's a keyring too big for a pocket, but I don't know.
Herald reporter revealed this today, but didn't want to. I guessed
right, and he ended up admitting it after I informed him of how I
know various Herald reporters and sorta social engineered him into
saying too much by keeping him talking. :-)
My mail has been acting up all weekend due to something unknown
happening at Sprint.
Regards, Jim Ray DNRC Minister of Encryption Advocacy
One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
way around. -- me
    PGP id.A7D63DA9 98 1F 39 BA 93 86 B4 F5  57 52 64 0E DA BA 2C 71

@_date: 1997-05-16 05:37:13
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Wine Politics Again! 
And he may not. Taxin' Lawton is, if nothing else, a wind-direction
indicator, and this law isn't too popular among the rabble.
Barely, and it's not as good as Tim's merlot. The orange wine for
tourists is truly horrible.
[Comment about credulous media reprints of San Jose Merc/CIA denials
of contra cokesmuggling reluctantly suppressed. Tongue bleeding.]
Yeah, and for stupidity, Tallahassee is hard to beat.
I've met some of these guys -- hell I've run against one of them.
We aren't talking Einstein-level here, or even Forest Gump.
I don't know, but I'm willing to risk getting some Merlot and
finding out as a public service to the cypherpunks list. Y'all
could even try to mail me a bottle anonymously. ;-)
Regards, Jim Ray DNRC Minister of Encryption Advocacy
One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
way around. -- me
    PGP id.A7D63DA9 98 1F 39 BA 93 86 B4 F5  57 52 64 0E DA BA 2C 71

@_date: 1997-06-17 15:38:50
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Flag Burning... 
(I'm on Ray's FCPUNKS, please cc me directly, my replies may be delayed
and this may have already been covered anyway. Probably was.)
1. Burning is a proper way to dispose of old flags, according to my
old boyscout handbook, so I guess this is thoughtcrime.
2. Why not outlaw desecrating the Bill of Rights? (Oh, yeah. Congress
does that daily right now...)
3. Since when was "the flag" sacred, anyway? Doesn't something have
to be sacred for it to be desecrated? Isn't this a secular country?
4. Doesn't this seem like a way _not_ to discuss the sea of red ink
that this country is currently drowning in, and just stir up folks'
emotions instead? Sure does to me...I wish veterans and others who
get hot under the collar about this would get 1/8 as pissed about
the national debt.
5. Burn my flag (or copy of the Bill of Rights) and you'll probably
wind up shot. Burn your own flag/copy and watch me yawn. This law
is a *particularly* stupid one.
Regards, Jim Ray DNRC Minister of Encryption Advocacy
One of the "legitimate concerns of law enforcement" seems to be
that I was born innocent until proven guilty and not the other
way around. -- me
    PGP id.A7D63DA9 98 1F 39 BA 93 86 B4 F5  57 52 64 0E DA BA 2C 71

@_date: 1997-07-11 15:09:36
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
That depends on what constrains people. Those with the capital resources
to place TV ads or sponsor events would likely imagine the investigation
from bureaucrats into their connections with the evil weed. Bureaucrats
tend not to assume that liking the first amendment motivates anyone when
compared to the lure of filthy lucre (ample evidence to the contrary
notwithstanding). I can imagine a conversation something like this:
"Ok, let's look into the stock portfolio of this "Steve Schear" guy who
placed the ad that pissed the FDA commissioner off. Any RJR-Nabisco? What
about his family? Hey, call the IRS and see if he's been audited lately,
and plunk his name into that big FBI database CD-ROM we got from the
Leaving aside regulations governing TV stations and possible pressures
on event promoters by government, I don't think that private citizens
with the means to do this would have the will.
As an increasingly less-partisan-and-more-anarchistic Libertarian, I
must point out a little-noted aspect of the Democrats' scam (there is
no other word).
(from                                Donor guests
        . . . . The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee
        scheduled a small dinner last night at La Brasserie. Among
        the "donor guests" of the anti-smoking party: Philip
        Morris, R.J. Reynolds and the Tobacco Institute.
What still gets me is the shamelessness of it. This is like N.O.R.M.L.
taking money from pee-test manufacturers (they don't, AFAIK). I know,
"strange bedfellows" and all, but you'd think that they'd wait to dine
privately together until their little public tiff is settled. I guess
they figured that they can count on the media (aside from the Washtimes)
not to call them on it.

@_date: 1997-08-17 06:14:26
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Export rules 
I wonder if it's possible/practical to do a FOIA request on Raph's
old permit request and why it didn't merit action. As I recall, he even
sent them a couple of the shirts. Then the export thugs could never-
respond to the FOIA request, I guess.
  Someday, the news media might even notice that it's an interesting
(and humorous) story.

@_date: 1997-08-30 08:21:33
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Feasibility of censoring and jamming pronography and racism in informatics 
At 09:54 PM 8/29/97 +0200, Ulf Möller wrote about:
The perfect kind? (One wonders what sort of humans would be drawn
to such a job, and which humans will choose or be forced to pay
Ahh, the double-negatives of understatement.
Achtung, information-Juden!
How 'bout "tax-and-spend"? That's an assessment.
This kind of monitoring, were it actually possible to implement,
would mean the effective end of anonymity services. Thankfully,
it is presently merely a statist pipe dream.
Translation: "Shut as many of 'em down as possible."
Oh boy - "opportunities for prosecution," WHEEE!
Oh, but "we" can trust Craig Livingstone, Louis Freeh, Aldrich
Ames, and the rest of the spies, can't "we."
Why am I feeling so worried these days, anyway?

@_date: 1997-09-12 07:38:05
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: RE: Hiawatha Bray's column on key-recovery crypto 
Further, he could give pointers to Private Idaho, John Doe, etc.,
and encourage the use of anonymous tips to the newsmedia. Since
I operate a cyberspace parking garage (the WinSock Remailer) and
since the Lippo Administration is the most Nixonian since Tricky
himself, I would think that the major media would be up-in-arms
over threats to anonymous communication over the web. After all,
which reporter-team doesn't want to be the next Woodward and
Bernstein? I can understand (while not agreeing with...) my local
rag's opposition to the second amendment, but the total apathy
shown to dangers faced by the first is hard to fathom. I read the
Herald pretty carefully, yet there has been NOTHING this week on
the crypto-controversy. Nothing. While I often disagree with the
Miami Herald's reporting decisions (both substance and emphasis)
it is rare that I find it this scary. P.S. When *Seth* said, "(and wow, do they like to rant on every
issue)" about Libertarians, my irony-meter broke its needle.

@_date: 1997-10-21 07:30:04
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: A Beehive in their Bonnet, from The Netly News 
Effectively conceding that Mr. Caldeira has more reputation-
capital than they do. Gee, I wonder what an enterprising bee-
keeper would need to do to keep these bureaucrats at bay?
 ;^)
Suppose that instead of "Mavrik" the solution were instead
the regular burning of hemp byproducts nearby? If nothing
else, this would certainly lead to docile bees...

@_date: 1997-11-12 16:14:32
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: 1st Amendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
This is very worrisome to me. Miami author Paul Levine wrote a novel
a while back about using a naturally-occurring chemical available to
the medical profession called succhylcholine (sp?) to commit murder
almost untraceably.
He was inspired by someone trying it, and I think people have tried
it since, and the novel could be said to be a how-to, but nobody has
tried to stop him from making money on the book. This case, by looking
to the content of the how-to, promises to turn poorly-written how-to
books into poorly-written novels, I guess. (Levine's book is well-
written and a fun read, but not every author is Paul Levine.)
[If cypherpunks, please cc me on replies. I'm on a filtered version.]

@_date: 1997-11-25 16:04:12
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity at any cost, from The Netly News 
The conference must have been interesting. I wish I'd been there.
A few random thoughts:
1. The article doesn't bring this out, but Infonex hosts many/most
of the US based remailers, including the one Joey Grasty and I run
(ran, actually, as we are facing a technical problem at the moment
due to an anti-spam measure taken by Infonex). This makes Lance a
"choke point," just as Sameer was when c2 was in the ISP business.
ISPs with that "go get a warrant/court order" attitude aren't too
common. Telecommunications businesses (especially phone companies)
have historically cooperated with law enforcement.
2. I think that the courts will look at paid-for anonymity cases in
a different way from cases where anonymity is "donated" by trouble-
makers like Joey Grasty. I doubt, for example, that the feds learned
nothing in the Zimmermann case about picking defendants. My buddy
Joey - working at Motorola and living with a wife, cute kid, mother
in law, and cat - is fortunately not that defendant, IMO. A nasty-
looking Austrian Nazi, paying a US provider to break Austrian laws,
just might be. [Ironic that the anonymity which protects him would
certainly be outlawed under the very system that he advocates.]
3. I'd be interested to know the make-up of, and arguments put forth
by, the group(s) which decided the government should limit anonymity.
Obviously, they weighed the costs differently than many of us would.
4. No remailer operator that I am aware of would keep logs for Freeh,
we'd all shut down instead. Keeping records, even if not directly for
law enforcement, automatically makes you a target for them, and for
compelled disclosure by civil attorneys in discovery. "Don't do it,
If (when) a law or treaty gets passed with the effect of outlawing
anonymous browsing/remailers, it won't appear with a nice, easy to
understand preface that says: "this is an act to outlaw anonymity,
and/or require anonymous service providers to keep records for law
enforcement." It will probably look more like the recent criminal
copyright bill, and rely on hard-to-interpret words like "willful,"
which morph as they move from a civil to a criminal realm. My old
nemesis, the changing definition of the word "escrow," was merely a
warning. Future definition fudging is unlikely to be as brazen, but
will probably be just as dangerous to freedom and privacy.
[Since I'm not directly on c-punks, please cc any replies to me.]

@_date: 1997-11-26 16:08:08
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft's compelled speech, compelled marketing 
Well, Gates has given bucks to the gungrabbing campaign, one of the
issues Slick has not waffled on...
[I'm not on c-punks, please cc any replies to me.]

@_date: 1997-12-04 20:05:31
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Sabrin in NJ (Was: Re: Censorial leftists ... 
Mr. Sabrin also accepted political welfare (matching funds, a form of
compelled speech if ever I saw one). This annoyed me, since he did it
in a nationwide campaign for contributions claiming that this retreat
from principle would give him a chance to win. As I recall, he got
about 10% of the vote, and IMO didn't even deserve that.
He was, however, another great argument for NOTA's (None Of The Above)
candidacy -- as if another one were needed.

@_date: 1997-12-20 00:07:20
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: White House admits censoring Chinese dissident 
...And people still wonder why us "social Darwinists" oppose
state ownership of "news" media.  I wonder if I should
say "'your taxes' _or_ 'their contributions' at work."

@_date: 1998-02-11 07:43:00
@_author: Jim Ray 
@_subject: Re: "Corporations selling your ass down the road for a dollar" 
In view of his constant spewing of lies to the contrary, I'm beginning
to doubt that (and it isn't just the Republicans voting for corporate
welfare socialism, Democrats do it too).
