
@_date: 1995-09-21 10:23:32
@_author: "Joe Tardo" 
@_subject: Re: netscape bug 
Reply to:   RE>netscape bug
I can't speak for Netscape in particular, but from bitter personal experience (in a previous life) I would  be more willing to bet that bringing such a flaw
to management's attention would raise the priority a bit to perhaps just below
whatever their equivalent of the 'cut line' is.  The rationale: "we are so resource limited;  can't just keep it under wraps and fix it in the next
release?" just rings in my ears.
I can really empathize with what the developers at Netscape must be going
through, but the 'social good' of raising security flaws to the level of the front page of the NYT is hard to deny.  Rather than saying "security through
obscurity is bad" you can point to a precedent of the consequences of being found out.

@_date: 1995-09-21 11:59:48
@_author: "Joe Tardo" 
@_subject: Re: Please send me SSL prob 
Reply to:   RE>>Please send me SSL problems...
The name chosen for SSL was, perhaps, unfortunate and misleading, but should
not get in the way of the kind of service it provides.  I keep combing the
spec looking for socket-like api's, and so far have not found any  :-).
Doesn't HTTP use a new connection for every GET?
The ipsec people are currently debating what it means to do replay detection
on an unreliable datagram service, what it means to authenticate individual users in a layer that only knows how to name host endpoints, how
a protocol specification deals with how policy would be set for mixed encryption service requirements, etc.  This is not the first time these points have been debated in the history of the universe, nor the first attempt at a 'one size fits all' security protocol.
I, personally, would not be too quick to expect IP security to solve all of your problems, but it will do a better job on, say, host-to-host disclosure protection.  It will, however, require new kernel code or low-level driver or hardware hacks,  which simultaneously provide the better protection and a barrier to security deployment for a product like Now, how about fixing SSL's keying so it has perfect forward secrecy?

@_date: 1995-12-05 16:27:56
@_author: "Joe Tardo" 
@_subject: Re: French crypto restricti 
Reply to:   RE>>French crypto restrictions - update ?
Would this imply that Netscape supplied source code to SCSSI?
