
@_date: 1995-01-13 06:12:09
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Windows Eudora PGP/remailer add-on 
I'm working on a pre-mailer/PGP shell that works with Eudora for Windows.
You compose the mail in the shell, encrypt it, specify remailer(s), and it
transfers the message back to Eudora.
It's called Private Idaho.  Anonymous FTP from ftp.eskimo.com
There were some problems with the loading routine in version 1.0, but
hopefully I've fixed them in this version.
Any comments, requests, bug reports appreciated.
Joel McNamara
joelm - finger for PGP key

@_date: 1995-01-18 07:21:06
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: TEMPEST 
I know, it's a little bit outside the normal realm of discussion, but...
The Cyphernomicon talks about a proposed, early Cypherpunk project that
dealt with TEMPEST/VanEck monitoring.  Did anyone carry this out beyond the
idea stage?  All I ever seem to see is "theory" and "hear-say" on this topic
(and the original VanEck article appears dated and incomplete).
I noticed the Consumertronics (John Williams in Alamogordo, New Mexico)
catalog has an assembled device that will work with EGA to SVGA monitors.
$3,995 seems a bit pricey though (or is it).  Has anyone had dealings with
Consumertronics in the past?
Replies directly back to me if this is a waste of bandwidth for the rest of
the list.
Joel McNamara
joelm - finger for PGP key

@_date: 1995-01-18 12:09:51
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST 
If a Cypherpunk goal is to champion electronic privacy, it seems to me that
it is important to fully understand any threats to the methods used to
ensure privacy.  The old Sun Tzu "know your enemy" philosophy.  If I was
running a Data Haven, I'd want to understand how and if my system could be
passively eavesdropped on, and what countermeasures to take to minimize the
risk.  (Second or third down the list from knowing my encryption algorithm
was secure.)
Granted, I'd spend more efforts with firewalls because a hacker/cracker
attack would be a more realistic threat, but if there was even the most
remote chance that a government agency/well-funded concern with TEMPEST
capability was interested in me, I'd sure like to make their job more difficult.
The thing that I find frustrating about TEMPEST, is most informed people say
"yes, it's possible," but I have encountered only breadcrumbs of real-world,
technical information and sources on it (the VanEck article, the BBC tape,
Grady Ward's paper, etc.).  This is what prompted the original message to
the list.  Yes, TEMPEST is real.  But what I'm trying to do is shift out
TEMPEST reality (and capabilities) from the magical black-box in parked vans
Joel McNamara
joelm - finger for PGP key

@_date: 1995-01-21 08:41:38
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Remailer Crisis - Part II 
The "remailer-in-a-box" solution seems to be on its way to solving the
ebbing number of remailers problem.  The next step is to think of remailers
in a supply and demand context.  From a "maximizing your resources"
standpoint, it doesn't make sense to have one hundred remailers available
(aside from the chaining implications), if the usage/demand needs are met by
It's important to create an infrastructure for a large scale remailer
network, but the next step is to actually drive demand (obvious benefits of
increasing privacy levels, blunting traffic analysis, creating a large
enough population that will vocally protest if attempts to restrict
remailers are made, etc.).
I see two ways of doing this.
The first step is education.  Net users, especially the new ones, need to be
educated about the use and benefits/limitations of remailers.  Web pages are
a good start.  The information needs to be easy to understand yet
compelling.  Users need to be shown why remailers are important and be
encouraged to at least try using them once ("want some candy little boy/girl").
The second step is access.  With the advent of commercial Internet
providers, the defacto Net access points are becoming GUI PCs and Macs.  It
is critical that tools be built for these platforms that make using
remailers a transparent and simple task.  (I don't want to belittle GUI
users, I'm using Windows as I write this, but most would rather click a few
buttons and use a list box rather than remember the :: syntax for embedding
remailer commands in their e-mail.)  This was part of my motivation for
writing Private Idaho for Windows Eudora.  I see good GUI premailers or
integrated e-mail scripts as a critical element of remailer success.
Joel McNamara
joelm - finger for PGP key

@_date: 1995-01-26 06:37:47
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi compromise? 
This was in alt.2600.  Comments or verification?
Newsgroups: alt.2600
The penet database was stolen and posted on Unphamaliar Territories.
                                                                Will

@_date: 1995-02-05 17:28:35
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: signature validation on secure edit messages 
Try turning Word Wrap off in Eudora.  I was encountering the same thing in the Windows version of Eudora.  With Word Wrap on, it seems to add CRs (or CR/LFs on a PC) to the end of each line upon sending.  This obviously causes a message not to match the signature, since all of those CRs weren't there when you composed it.  With Word Wrap off, your text still wraps on the screen when you're composing, but those unwanted CRs in the sent mail don't get added.
Joel McNamara
joelm - finger for PGP key

@_date: 1995-07-17 09:39:26
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Windows secret-sharing 
I just uploaded a user-friendly, Windows front-end to Hal Finney's SECSPLIT.EXE (based on Shamir's secret-sharing) called Secret Sharer.  The interface supports splitting and restoring files or passphrases.
Nothing fancy, but a simple solution for Windows users who want to do their own key (or whatever) escrow.
Secret Sharer is freeware, and is available from either:
ftp.eskimo.com /joelm/secshare.zip
I'm probably being over-cautious, but because of ITAR, SECSPLIT.EXE is not included in the ZIP file.  FTP sites for downloading are listed in the docs though.
Comments, bug reports, etc. appreciated before I announce to the relevant newsgroups.
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key

@_date: 1995-08-21 07:24:28
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Legality of suverting computational cycles via Microsoft 
Yes, the whole MSN virus thing is quite interesting from a privacy standpoint.  About 9 months ago (after I'd left Microsoft) I was evaluating the security risks of viruses that could be embedded in Word and Excel documents.  It is actually quite trivial to develop a virus or Trojan-horse with macro BASIC that is completely transparent to the user.  Once the document is opened, the code executes and does its thing. Many organizations use e-mail software that supports attaching a file to an e-mail message.  You double click the file icon, it runs the creator application (i.e. Word, Excel), and loads the document.  Everyone at Microsoft, uses MS Mail.  An interesting scenario I proposed would be to send e-mail to Bill Gates (anonymously or with a spoofed address) with the text body reading something like "Bill, here's a way to get more marketshare away from Novell.  Read the attached document."  He'd obviously double click the file icon, which would have some real data in it to make it look legitimate.  However, when the document opened, he would have unwittingly executed a macro that scanned his hard drive and e-mailed the directory contents or an interesting looking file or two elsewhere.
As e-mail within MSN supports this type of object/file embedding, there are not only risks from destructive viruses but also potential attacks on your privacy (no, not the MSN online registration thing, but a targeted attack by an individual/organization).
Concluding note:  When I was at MS, the saying "Eat your own dog food" was popular (akin to "some things come back to haunt you").  Last week a friend told me the company was being plagued with a non-destructive version of a Word macro-virus.  Let's say in the future someone "get's hurt" because of MSN's embedding feature and decides to sue Microsoft.  It will be interesting to see the company's response when they knew that a security flaw existed internally, but did nothing to resolve it externally.
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-07-29 00:04:05
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: The Net (short movie review) 
Don't bother.  Better to wait until it hits the video shelves then have a party and see who can find the most (of many) technical flaws and gaffs.  Would be much more entertaining in that context.
No crypto or standard Cypherpunk discussion topics (more hacker related with security software trapdoors, cell phone eavesdropping, general hacker mischief, and corporate conspiracies).  Mostly a chase movie with computers and the Internet thrown in to differentiate it from your typical ho-hum flick of this genre.  Poor character development, predictable plot, and hokey effects (my wife kept elbowing me because I was the only one in the theater laughing at certain parts).  Your standard, computer illiterate citizen will further be mislead on the potential evils of computers.  Fortunately, no four horseman stuff.  (Would be interesting to find some willing Hollywood type and script an accurate flick with a crypto good-guy/gal to promote the cause).
Buying a couple of magazines at the Barnes and Noble next to the theater would have definitely been a better entertainment value.
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key

@_date: 1995-08-08 07:35:54
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Announce: Private Idaho 2.5 beta 
The 2.5 beta version of Private Idaho is now available from:
ftp.eskimo.com /u/j/joelm/pidho25b.zip
After I'm satisfied it is relatively bug free, it will be announced to the appropriate newgroups and placed on mirror sites.
Significant enhancements include:
   send SMTP mail directly from Private Idaho
   attach sigs
   conventional PGP encryption option
   anonymous USENET posting through supporting remailers
   improved multi-key interface
The final release will also have full Windows-style help as well as an automated installation program.
This is my first venture into writing TCP/IP - Windows Sockets code.  The SMTP routines seem to work with my ISP, but we'll see what happens on other mail servers.  Coming attractions - once I determine the TCP/IP code is stable, I plan on implementing POP3 background checking for PGP messages.
As usual, comments, questions, and bugs to:
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-08-08 08:13:14
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Announce: Private Idaho 2.5 beta (addendum) 
Sorry, up all night coding, and forgot to briefly describe what Private Idaho is:
Private Idaho is a freeware, Windows frontend to PGP and the anonymous remailers.  It provides a simple, easy to use interface for encrypting and decrypting messages as well as preparing messages to send through remailers.  Although quite usable by crypto-novices, there are a number of advanced features for more experienced users.

@_date: 1995-10-02 12:44:03
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: List latency. 
As a non-crypto, latency-related, aside.  The USENET newsfeed coming out of
uunet to my ISP was non-existent last week.  It's improved somewhat, but is
still lagging behind by 2 or 3 days (never did this in the past).  uunet has
not provided my ISP with an explanation as to what is happening.  Perhaps
it's related to the delay in list messages appearing.  Unfounded speculation
has been the .edu sites are active again after the summer and are swamping
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?
not sure which

@_date: 1995-09-04 14:59:35
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Seattle area Cypherpunks 
With the Labor Day weekend/vacation season almost over and a variety of projects completed, I'm going to attempt to jump-start Cypherpunk activities in the Seattle area (the Seattle Cypherpunks sub-list appears to have withered away, so delete this if you're outside the Pacific Northwest). The first order of business is to get an idea of how many people would be interested in meeting some evening, likely toward the end of September.  Send me e-mail (please don't reply to the list) with a time and geographic preference as to location.  I'm on the Eastside, so will be slightly biased in finding an appropriate meeting place in the Bellevue/Redmond area, unless persuaded otherwise.
Also, let me know if you're interested in discussing (or presenting) any specific crypto/privacy/ecash-related topics in a very informal setting.  Aside from key signing and general face-to-face networking, I would like to have a few set items on the agenda.  Any suggestions welcomed.
Based on your responses, I'll do all of the running around and organizational type activities, and follow-up with e-mail and a general announcement to the main list when arrangements are finalized.
This is an opportunity to get away from your keyboards and meet other folks who share your interests.  Hope to see you later this month.
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-09-07 21:29:12
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: NIST Escrow Papers - Now Web Available 
Several of the scanned hand-outs (courtesy of John Young) for the NIST September 5 workshop on key escrow are now available on my Web page:
Papers include: The outlines of meeting topics of Raymond Kammer of NIST and Michael Nelson of the White House. (KAMMER.TXT - 7kb)
Discussion Paper No. 4, "Example Potential Solutions for the Draft Export Criteria for Software Key Escrow Encryption," which offers example solutions for each of the ten criteria. (CRITERIA.TXT - 7kb)
The Business Software Alliance's dissenting blast at the government's key escrow proposal and export limit. This paper was loudly applauded. (BSA.TXT - 19kb)
Trusted Informations Systems's "Thoughts on the NIST Escrow Issues Meeting Discussion Papers." (TIS.TXT - 27kb)
TECSEC Incorporated's "Private Escrow Key Management: A Method and its Issues." (TECSEC.TXT - 13kb)
Dorothy Denning's "Comments on Draft Criteria for Software Key Escrow Exportability" and "Comments on Issues for Key Escrow Agents." (DENNING.TXT - 8kb)

@_date: 1995-09-20 17:17:59
@_author: Joelm@eskimo.com 
@_subject: NIST ESCROW PAPERS - NOW WEB AVAILABLE 
Several of the scanned hand-outs (courtesy of John Young) for the NIST Septembe
Papers include: The outlines of meeting topics of Raymond Kammer of NIST and Michael Nelson of Discussion Paper No. 4, "Example Potential Solutions for the Draft Export Crite
The Business Software Alliance's dissenting blast at the government's key escro
Trusted Informations Systems's "Thoughts on the NIST Escrow Issues Meeting Disc
TECSEC Incorporated's "Private Escrow Key Management: A Method and its Issues."
Dorothy Denning's "Comments on Draft Criteria for Software Key Escrow Exportabi

@_date: 1995-09-09 22:11:02
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Bizdos citizenship? 
In correspondence with someone outside the US regarding ITAR regulations, the remark was made that Jim Bizdos was Greek and not a U.S. citizen.  Is this statement in the same class as an Elvis sighting?  Or if it is true, what impact would ITAR have on foreign nationals working for a US company involved with export restricted crypto?
Please don't get carried away and turn this into a Net rumor.  I'm just curious if anyone on the list can confirm or deny the citizenship comment.
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-09-20 11:04:34
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Announce: Private Idaho beta release 
I've finally gotten some time to incorporate a few new features/bug fixes
into Private Idaho (Windows remailer/PGP front-end).  The 2.5b4 release now
incorporates an easy interface to the alpha.c2.org nym server.  Also, simple
scripting is available for moving messages to e-mail apps that don't support
sequential header tabbing (Free Agent, Netscape, etc.).
The next available block of time will likely be devoted to incorporating
background POP3 scanning and downloading of PGP messages.
 - for your downloading please...
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-09-21 13:41:50
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Cryptography book source 
Just stumbled on to an online book vendor that advertises over a million
titles available for order, many discounted from list.  Very nice Web
interface.  A quick search for "cryptography" displayed 121 titles.  A wide
range, from Crypto proceedings to technical to historical.
Check out:
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-09-23 11:24:07
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Seattle Cypherpunks 
Seattle-area Cypherpunks Get Together
Thursday, September 28
7:30 PM
Seattle Center House/Food Circus
Entrance opposite the Flag Pavillion
look for a table with a Compaq laptop busily signing keys
This is a very informal, unstructured get together.  More of a chance to
meet other folks with similar interests.  With all of the recent activities
in crypto-land, I'm sure there will be lots to talk about.  Bring a disk
with your key so I can put my ancient 386 laptop to some good use.  I'll
also load up some relatively new Windows crypto software for show and tell.
Eastsiders (Bellevue/Redmond environs) that don't feel like braving the
bridge, let me know.  I've got a van and will be headed west from Carnation
and would be happy to car-pool.
Hope to see you there...
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-10-31 02:08:18
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Pinkerton Risk Assessment & "Security 2000" 
For even more, free information of this type, see the Counter-Terrorism page:
An interesting collection of links and data...

@_date: 1995-11-03 10:25:34
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Win95 password caching 
I was under the impression that MS used some variation of DES for encrypting
the password lists (obviously much more secure than the nonsense XOR
encryption used for the screen savers).

@_date: 1995-11-29 22:57:16
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Microsoft weak encryption 
Peter Gutmann has an interesting article in sci.crypt, demonstrating how
weak Microsoft's encryption is with basic access control in Windows for
Workgroups (I'm assuming Win95 uses the same algorithm).  Essentially, he
shows how a 32-bit key is created to be passed to RC4 for encrypting .PWL
files.  I think a t-shirt is definitely in order for this.
Anyone up for writing some bruting code?

@_date: 1995-11-12 07:59:14
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: SEMPER 
And now for something completely different, a Euro-centric plan for Net
digital commerce.
Haven't had a chance to look at the URL yet, but obviously crypto-relevant...
Development of Electronic Marketplace:
Zürich, November 2nd, 1995:
     Backed by the European Commission, a consortium of 20 partners
from European industry and academia has embarked on a research project
to develop the fundamentals for secure electronic commerce.
     The goal of the 9-million ECU (approx. 14 million CHF) project,
SEMPER (Secure Electronic Marketplace for Europe), is to provide the
first open and comprehensive solutions for secure commerce over the
Internet and other public information networks.
A wide range of businesses are rapidly moving to explore the huge
potential of networked information systems, especially with the
Internet-based WWW (World-wide Web). The Internet, which already
connects more than 3 million computers and a substantially larger
number of users, is growing at a breathtaking pace with thousands of
newcomers every day.
Although the Internet has its roots in academia and is still dominated
by free-of-charge information, dramatic changes are expected in the
near future. For instance, the WWW will be used for a wide variety of
electronic commerce such as on- line trade or delivery of advanced
multimedia information services. The evolution of broadband networks
and "information highways" will intensify this trend.
The need for secure transactions in this new business environment,
which involves networks available to the general public, has triggered
a number of related efforts.  These initial developments are based
almost exclusively in the US and most of them are limited to
proprietary, or otherwise closed solutions, involving only electronic
payment issues. In contrast, SEMPER is directed towards a
comprehensive solution for secure electronic commerce, considering
legal, commercial, social, and technical requirements as well as
different options for an electronic marketplace.
Consistent with its broader goals, the SEMPER project will be managed
by an interdisciplinary team of experts from the academic, industrial
and general business environment in Europe. The team includes
representatives of the social sciences, finance, retail, publishing,
as well as in information and telecommunication technology.
The first of the three one-year phases will address a coherent
security model and a generic, open security architecture for the
electronic marketplace. This architecture will be independent of
specific hardware, software, or network architectures. The most
fundamental electronic commerce services, such as secure offering,
order, payment and information delivery, will also be integrated in
the first phase.
Subsequent phases will concentrate on more advanced services. These
will include fair exchange of documents, credentials, advanced
document processing, notary services and multimedia-specific security
services, such as protection of intellectual property
rights. Multi-party security and protection of user's privacy will
receive prime attention. SEMPER will use and integrate existing
architectures, tools, and services where appropriate.
Early trials will be provided for WWW, and subsequent tests performed
on ATM-based broadband networks to demonstrate the broad applicability
of SEMPER's architecture and services.
The SEMPER project is part of the Advanced Communication Technologies
and Services (ACTS) research program established by the European
Commission Directorate General XIII for 1994-1998. ACTS is the
follow-on program for Research on Advanced Communications in Europe
(RACE) 1987- 1994. The project will establish a Special Interest Group
for Secure Electronic Commerce (SIGSEC) which will make results
available to all interested parties, including standardisation bodies,
and will co-ordinate related projects, in particular those funded by
the European Commission.
IBM's Zurich Research Laboratory will provide the technical leadership
for the SEMPER project, and IBM France will act as co-ordinator. The
other members of the consortium are Cryptomathic (DK), DigiCash (NL),
EUROCOM EXPERTISE (GR), Europay International (B), FOGRA
Forschungsgesellschaft Druck (D), GMD - German National Research
Center for Information Technology (D), IBM European Networking Center
(D), INTRACOM (GR), KPN Research (NL), Otto-Versand (D), r3 security
engineering (CH), SEPT (F), Stichting Mathematisch Centrum / CWI (NL),
University of Freiburg (D), University of Hildesheim (D). Banksys (B),
Banque Generale du Luxembourg (L) and Telekurs (CH) are associated
with SEMPER.
For more information please contact
     Matthias Schunter                    Philippe Delaoutre
     Universitaet Hildesheim              IBM France
     Mail: schunter  Mail: FRIBMSPK
     Tel. + 49 5121 883 788               Tel. + 33 1 49 05 61 12
     Fax  + 49 5121 883 732               Fax  + 33 1 47 68 40 33
or see
or   .

@_date: 1995-11-15 20:29:00
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it! 
Although Private Idaho will always remain free, to encourage Ecash use, my Web page will support "donations."  The initial merchant list sounds like it's going to be a subset of this list.  Time to go add the Mark Twain links to the page.  This is going to be fun...
Joel McNamara
joelm -  for PGP key
Thomas Jefferson used strong crypto, shouldn't you?

@_date: 1995-12-17 00:34:53
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: DEC Alta Vista 
Check out Digital's new Web and newsgroup search engine at:
Makes OpenText, Lycos, etc. look like turtles.
Crypto-relevance: The spider they used appears to have fully indexed the
HTML Cypherpunk list archive.  Extremely fast searches on your favorite

@_date: 1995-12-30 12:33:12
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Internet wiretap? 
This tidbit was posted a few hours ago on c|net (12/29 4:00 PST).
        Thanks to a wiretap on the Internet, three people have been arrested
for illegally         selling and manufacturing cellular phone equipment and electronic
devices over the Internet,         according to Secret Service agent Brian Gimlett. This is the first
time the Secret Service and the
        Drug Enforcement Administration were allowed to wiretap via the
Internet, says Gimlett. The rest of the story talks about an exchange of e-mail discussing the sale
of various nasty
cellular accessories.  There is no information on exactly what "wiretap"
means or any other
technical details.  Interesting to note the DEA was in on it.
Crypto-relevance only if the perps were using a remailer (which I kind of
Full story (quite short), at:

@_date: 1995-12-07 18:04:10
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Micro$oft and Java 
I was at the Microsoft presentation.  Crypto-relevant info:
A patch will be published in the next few days to address the weak .PWL
encryption.  I got a rather lame excuse about how the encryption was first
implemented in 1991, and how it was sufficient then.  They will supposedly
be changing the seed.
I asked about what MS was doing in regard to future strong crypto.  Got an
interesting response in that that "the government was going to let them
implement 768 bit keys."  I later asked an MS person if these were RSA
session keys or what.  He said yes, but I really don't think he knew what he
was talking about based on some of his other comments.
Visual Basic Script will be MS's response to JavaScript.  The interesting
thing here is a plan to use digital signatures on controls and scripts as a
means of authentication.  The comment was made "you'd trust something signed
by Lotus or some other big name, but you probably wouldn't be that trustful
of a piece of shareware."  Hmmm...
MS will be releasing a "safe" runtime version of Visual Basic that will
supposedly prevent nasty virii and trojan horses from being implemented on
Web pages.  IMHO, Perry's previous comments on the security of Java apply.
Servers and some clients will support end-to-end encryption.  No details...
I didn't ask about GAK.  Bill said there was a white paper explaining
Microsoft's position on encryption.  Maybe I'll test the search capabilities
of the MS Web site later tonight.
Overall, the presentation was interesting (but obviously lacking in
technical details as the audience was mostly press).  MS is going to throw a
lot of resources at this in order to maintain its industry dominance.
Thought for the day.  Bill on the relevance of the briefing being held on
Pearl Harbor day quoted Admiral Yamamoto after the 1941 attack, "we have
awoken a sleeping giant."  Draw your own conclusions on that one...

@_date: 1995-12-09 09:14:06
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: .PWL spin 
The Seattle Times has a rather large article this morning (12/9/95) about
Microsoft's .PWL encryption weakness.  Selected quotes are provided for your
entertainment and enlightenment (give yourself one point for each piece of
inaccurate/incomplete  information or spin you can find).
Security flaw in Windows 95 to be fixed
Microsoft got word of the flaw from an Internet e-mail exchange last week
that included a short computer program for "hacking," or decrypting,
passwords contained in .pwl (password list) files.  The company immediately
began working on a fix.
"We wanted to be proactive on this before it became a problem," said Rob
Bennett, Windows 95 product manager.  The company has received no customer
complaints related to the issue and knows of no security breaches, Bennett said.
"There are people out there who will stay up all night cranking out code to
break any encryption," Bennett said.
(This was followed by some good quotes from Frank Stevenson, who wrote the
cracking code, on the seriousness of the weakness.  I was a little surprised
to see the reporter listed Frank's e-mail address in the article.  Frank, if
you're reading this, did you give Paul Andrews permission?  To me, this
seems like listing someone's telephone number and address in the body of an
Microsoft said it plans to strengthen the encryption, Bennett said.
Password data will be stored randomly, making it harder to find on the
computer, he added.
Microsoft recommends that information-systems directors disable password
storage until the fix is released.
One system administrator said the problem would have a greater effect on
less-secure environments, such as universities and other institutions, than
on corporations.

@_date: 1996-01-04 20:38:48
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: New Mitnick Book 
The AT&T 3730 model is identical to the Oki 900 and contains the same rich
set of features.  The key sequences to enter test mode and scan cell
channels are the same.  The commands are relatively well documented in most
cell hacking archive sites.

@_date: 1996-01-26 11:35:04
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Eudora and other mail programs 
I really don't want to blow my own horn, but Private Idaho is much more than
a PGP shell.  It has supported remailer operations since it first appeared
nearly a year ago.  It also started supporting the c2 nym server several
months ago. With no disrespect meant to tallpaul or Steve, I hardly think
John Doe is revolutionary.  I certainly don't consider Private Idaho to be
anything other than an efficient, free shell for Windows users to enhance
their privacy.  And, I have yet to see a crypto/privacy "killer app."
I am glad though, to see that other people are going beyond PGP shells and
starting to write privacy-oriented applications that use the remailers and
nym servers.  Keeps me on my toes with new Private Idaho features.  But more
importantly, the more tools that are out there, the more people will be
using them.
I've always maintained that the interface is the gating factor to the
wide-spread adoption of a technology.

@_date: 1996-03-20 03:17:10
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Commercial crypto in Zurich 
Just got back from doing some consulting in Europe.  In the Zurich airport,
there was a large illuminated sign (near the business class lounges) that
Reliable cipher systems for absolute telecom protection
TST 7790
Secure telephone, sat phone, ISDN
TST 5573 F/U
Fax ciphering
TST 5573C
Data ciphering with 10 EXP 80 Key
TST 4045
HF SSB krypto modem
TST 8010
Spread spectrum transceiver
TeleSecurity Timmann
Timman Gmbh
Lutzing, Germany
Full color photos of all of the above products were displayed.
No technical details on the cryptosystems being used, but quite refreshing,
considering the current state of things in the good old US of A...

@_date: 1996-04-13 04:01:37
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Private Idaho 2.6b3 release 
Private Idaho 2.6b3 (a freeware Windows front-end to PGP, anonymous
remailers, and nym servers) is now available at:
New features include:
licensed IPPort - no more "nag" screen on start-up
support for multiple nym servers and nyms
support for multiple PGP keys for signing
support for printing messages
support for transfer to multiple applications
Questions, comments to joelm

@_date: 1996-05-03 13:41:53
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Announce: Windows PGP QuickStart 
Due to a fair amount of demand from Private Idaho users who had novice
friends that
wanted to use PGP, but were frustrated at the installation and configuration
of the DOS version, I wrote a Windows utility called PGP QuickStart.
This is an extremely simple app that handholds the user from downloading PGP
their Web browser to creating their key rings.  It automatically unzips the
files, creates
the appropriate directory, and modifies the AUTOEXEC.BAT file.  The user
just follows
easy to understand dialog boxes and clicks buttons.
This is not a full-featured front-end.  Its purpose is only to simplify the
PGP installation
process so a user can later use Private Idaho or any of the other Windows
shells that are available.
Obviously, most people on the list aren't going to have much personal use
for this app.
However, it is perfect for recommending to PC users who want to get started with
crypto, but may be a little bit intimidated.
The beta version is located at:
Comments to: joelm
As with Private Idaho, this utility is free...

@_date: 1996-05-06 03:27:54
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Web page for breaking commercial encryption? 
Bokler's Guide to Cracker Software is pretty comprehensive:

@_date: 1996-05-08 11:14:54
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: MS Personal Effects Exchange 
Interesting proposal from Microsoft regarding digital certificates
(containing keys and a variety of other information) that can be moved from
one computer to another.
A typical marketing response viewing Navigator supports certificates and
Explorer doesn't.  If certificates really take off, that 80 to 90% of the
market that currently uses Netscape is going to be hesitant to switch over
to Explorer.
Love the name.  Aren't personal effects what are left over after they
body-bag you or what the the cops call the contents of your pockets after
you're busted...
Details at:

@_date: 1996-06-04 13:38:14
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Why PGP isn't so ubiquitous (was NRC Session Hiss) 
Well for crypto-novices that use Windows, I'm hoping life will get a whole
lot easier.
I'm putting the finishing touches on the next release of Private Idaho
(  Aside from some new "power-user"
options (working with Lance to support a DOS version of Mixmaster), the next
release is going to be targeted at all those folks who are intimidated by
PGP.  This includes features like an auto-install app, expert and novice
modes, and a series of wizards for stepping the user through common tasks
(I'm sure the name "wizards" is trademarked by MS, so they won't be called
that).  Also included will be something called PGP QuickStart.  This utility
will hand-hold a user through the entire process of downloading PGP from the
Net, and installing and configuring it.
I just wrote an essay for one of the on-line magazines on "unintentional
crypto-elitism."  One of my points was that decent crypto technology is now
in place, and one of the next evolutionary steps towards wide-scale
acceptance is implementing simple and easy user interfaces.  Developers of
public domain and commercial crypto apps really need to take this to heart.
BTW - I'm guessing Private Idaho version 2.7 will be available within the
next two weeks.  Send me e-mail (joelm with PI_LIST as the
subject to get on the notification list (people on the list will be able to
download about a week or so before it goes into wide-scale release).

@_date: 1996-07-03 03:48:18
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: hard drive encryption 
Currently, SecureDrive seems to be the most reliable under Win95.
Check out:
I just published a cookbook on how to build a "CryptoBook" (a secure PC
laptop with all sorts of crypto goodies).  Details on SecureDrive are included.

@_date: 1996-07-05 08:53:33
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Announce: Private Idaho 2.7b 
Since I'm in an especially patriotic mood today, I've just uploaded the 2.7b
release of Private Idaho (which started out life as a Windows PGP shell, but is
turning into the "mother of all privacy tools" shell).
Significant new additions include:
Automated install application - no more installing and updating new releases of PI by hand (many thanks to Colin Tan for writing the Setup application). The
install application comes bundled with PGP QuickStart, a utility for helping new users download and install PGP.
Expert and user modes - for new users, user mode provides a limited set of commonly used commands. Expert mode gives you access to all of the commands.
Steps - again, another feature for new users. Step-by-step information on
how to perform common tasks.
Change nym account reply blocks - easy way to change nym reply blocks.
Anonymizer support - support for C2's new anonymous Web browsing server. Select a URL from any text within Private Idaho and your browser will
anonymously access that Web page. Mixmaster support - support for Mixmaster type 2 remailers. Variable word-wrap length - select window size, 65, 70, or 75 character line
length. Revised online help HTML version of help
Get it at: And while you're there, as an added 4th of July bonus, check out:
For the extremely tacky, and offensive to some, "Building a CryptoBook" page.
Comments, questions, etc. as usual to:
Joel McNamara

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:14:53
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Privacy tales 
While most of my crypto-activism efforts have involved writing code like
Private Idaho, I've decided it's time to branch out a little, and play scribe.
I'm going to be actively compiling what I hope will be the definitive source
of worldwide case studies that demonstrate the benefits of Internet privacy
tools.  We've all heard the Burma and Eastern Europe stories from Phil, but
there have to be a whole lot more like them out there.  I'm looking for
stories with a human focus, that clearly show the importance of PGP,
anonymous remailers, and other tools to cultural, economic, and political
The goal is to have a body of evidence that can easily be tossed back at the
anti-crypto folks, when they trot out the Four Horsemen.  It would be great
to have hundreds of examples of crypto et. al. benefitting society, to the
few cases the government pulls out of its hat.
I plan on organizing and publishing selected accounts at my Web site as I
get them (specific details may be altered to protect identities).
I'm going to be cross-posting to a variety of newsgroups and lists to
publicize this.  I'd appreciate your help in spreading the word around.
If you have a story to tell, or know someone who does, I'd like to hear it.
It doesn't have to be an exciting "rebels in the jungle" account either.  In
many ways, the everyday slice of life stories may be more important.
See  for details.  (And yes, I talk
about ways to maintain your privacy and anonymity if you want to contact me.)
Joel McNamara

@_date: 1996-07-19 15:10:27
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: MSNBC and cookies 
In attempting to check out different Net media coverage of TWA 800, it
appears the msnbc.com site won't let you in without a cookie.  Repeated
cookie cancels with Navigator 3.0 drop you into an indigestive loop of the
server continuing to try to force feed you cookies.  When you finally click
OK, you get in.
Am I spacing, or is this the first site anyone's stumbled on that requires a
cookie for access?  I've never been shut out of a site for canceling a
cookie.  The first cookie request does have a user ID field.  If the server
(or client) isn't misbehaving, this seems like a wee bit of a privacy issue.
I tried accessing the page ( on 7/18/96 around 9:15 PM
PDT.  Anyone care to confirm this.

@_date: 1996-07-24 02:23:19
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: RE: Distributed DES crack 
I'd like to see a very general hardware processing power equivalence table.
For example, 1 MasPar equals how many Pentiums.  This would be extremely
useful in figuring out a range of the types of boxes required to do this.

@_date: 1996-08-04 00:53:50
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: FAA to require transponders on all aircraft passengers 
This does seem to be real.  CNet has a few more details:

@_date: 1996-08-07 09:08:05
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Censorship through proxy 
SingNet, one of Singapore's larger ISPs is telling all of their subscribers
they must move to using SingNet's proxy server by September 14, 1996 if they
want to have access to the Web.
If you try to access one of the SBA's banned sites, you'll get a message
that says, "The site you requested is not accessible."
Check out:
It's interesting that in the blurb about the proxy server, they're marketing
it as offering "better and faster performance" than not using it.

@_date: 1996-08-09 03:16:58
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
Not all states (Washington and California, for example) will sell their DMV
There is a gentleman that goes by the handle of Bootleg, that does sell
CD-ROM versions of said listings (my guess where the Web site got the data
from).  Last heard, he had Oregon, Texas, and Florida.  Oregon was the
bargain around $220, Florida and Texas were about $500.
Try 503-325-0861 for voice (don't know if that's still current).  He may be
on the Net, but I don't have an address.

@_date: 1996-08-19 03:56:23
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
Well the DOJ site still is down, but here's some details I pulled out of a
USENET newsgroup this morning (hopefully L.G. Shirley won't mind the
forward).  All in all, it sounds like a fairly childish stunt...
Newsgroups: rec.radio.scanner
Organization: AT&T WorldNet Services
Lines: 49
About 10PM last night I clicked on my bookmark for the Federal Gov't and then selected, by random, the Dept of Justice.
                      SURPRISE!!!!!!!!!! Someone had made a few changes, For one it is now called the Department of Injustice. You are immediately greeted by the Nazi swastika all over your screen's background.
A flag w/the symbol is apparent. George Washington's picture is captioned with his words, "Move my grave to a free country! This rolling is making me an insomniac".
Janet Reno's portrait has been replaced by Hitler's. And a flag now bears the Nazi symbol. She is now called Attorney General Furher.
There is plenty of nudity and the many links will take you to places you may never have been before. I don't think we're in Kansas anymore Toto!
I have no clues how it was done or when. My guess is someone changed all the links to the DOJ page to another one, the one you see when you click on the DOJ's homepage.
I worked today and when I came home and tried to get back to the DOJ's page, no luck. Must be a major overload  of people trying to get to the link of women clad in, well, next to nothing and tied with rope!
I don't think the author will make any brownie points w/women. He hacked the homepage they have w/the DOJ on violence against women. I'm not condoning such action and violence is a very serious issue but whoever did the hack was also very serious.
He changed a Clinton speech on affirmative action and insulted blacks with his choice of words. There is a lot of rambling about the internet and the Gov't taking away our rights on it.
The author has a interesting slant on things. This should be enough of a warning if you're easily offended by racism, hate, foul language, porn on the net, and general crudeness. Don't go there.
I would like to know just how this was done, any ideas? Is it that easy to hack someones homepage?
I wonder how long it'll be before this homepage link is removed and can they find who did the evil deed? Two months on the Net and just when I think I'd seen it all, wow.

@_date: 1996-08-28 08:25:59
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft Explorer security hole (fwd) MSoft's reply... 
Displaying warning dialogs in browsers and using default settings so as not
to auto run macros are only bandages to this problem.
Consider the following:
By using API routines to access the Win95 registry, someone writes a macro
virus (or even just a garden variety trojan) that turns off the warning
levels for MSIE which are stored in the registry (I haven't had time to
look, but I'm assuming they're there).
The user has no idea the setting has been changed, and is never warned when
evil, malicious, unsigned code is executed.  Until too late.
The registry, or whatever file you're saving state values to, should have
some form of write authorization associated with it.  Encryption would also
be extremely nice for privacy's sake (check out a Windows .INI file or
registry entry some time, and see what little tidbits of information are
being stored there).
In my experience, one of Microsoft's main problems when it comes to security
has been its developers and program/product managers don't think like "bad
guys" when it comes to design and subsequent exploits and holes.
Unfortunately, the user is the ultimate loser.
BTW - The paranoid side of me wouldn't be surprised to see PC
"espionage-enabled" viruses and trojans within the next few years.  Their
main purpose would be to either disable or patch various security features
for later attacks, or directly snatch information off of hard drives and
send it out over the Net.  I know of a few lab projects of a similar nature,
that were very easy to implement.

@_date: 1996-09-01 02:32:55
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Moscowchannel.com hack 
Not really crypto, but related to the DOJ hack in a way.
Moscow Channel is a pretty slick, Russian news/commentary page.  Their Web
site was hacked and altered by someone who didn't seem to like Russians all
that well.  See:
While not as elaborate as the DOJ hack, it's interesting that Web page
vandalism is starting to turn into a unique form of protest and social
As Web sites with security holes increase, my guess is vandalism will
increase incrementally.  Both in terms of random graffiti, and targeted attacks.
Just a matter of time before some builds a dedicated Satan type tool that
scans for  HTTP server holes or messed up file permissions to make locating
potential victims easy.

@_date: 1996-09-01 09:59:27
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Mail OnNet 
In my never-ending search for the perfect PGP e-mail client, I just stumbled on to a beta of a product put out by FTP Software called Mail OnNet.  Unlike the Pronto Secure and Pegasus, this client actually has PGP code (licensed from PGP Inc.) built directly in.  No shelling out to DOS!
Very nice interface and almost complete idiot-proof encrypting/decrypting/signing.  Extremely powerful rules based processing too.
Check out:
IMHO, this is getting very close to transparent secure e-mail for the masses.
Two notes.  (1) It only runs under Win95 and NT.  (2) It's ITAR restricted.

@_date: 1996-09-13 07:48:34
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: CryptLib CAPI for VB 
Before I do it myself, thought I'd check if anyone has updated Peter
Gutmann's CRYPT.BAS file for CryptLib (if not, I'll forward it to Peter
when I get finished).  The current version is fairly out of date, and I'm
looking for a library to use with Visual Basic to implement some secure
hashing and 3DES.  Thanks in advance...
Joel

@_date: 1996-09-22 02:04:27
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Private Idaho 2.8b beta release 
The beta release of Private Idaho 2.8b is now available at
  (Previous beta testers can get an
updated version of just the executable at
Private Idaho is a freeware PGP, anonymous remailer, and nym server
front-end for Windows (all versions).
Some of the new features in the latest release include:
Automatic encrypt/decrypt of PIDAHO.INI, NYMS.TXT, PUBKEYS.OUT
Automatic encrypt/decrypt of SECRING.PGP and PUBRING.PGP
nym.alias.net support
Generate key pair command
Load passphrase at startup
Submit key to MIT server command
Get key from MIT server command (must have Net connection)
Update remailer info command (must have Net connection)
Get remailer keys command (must be have Net connection)
Remailer newsgroup header command
Delete nym command
Attachment support
Bug reports, comments, and questions, as always to:

@_date: 1996-10-04 19:15:06
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Esther Dyson: Pro-crypto in Poland 
I'm in Warsaw doing some consulting for a local ISP and got invited to an
Internet conference last night  targeted toward government ministry
officials.  Even though I speak no Polish, I decided to go because Esther
Dyson was one of the keynotes.
The three day conference is being held outside of Warsaw.  The location
has to be one of the most unique conference settings I've ever seen.  How
about in a classroom of what appeared to be the government police training
barracks.  Guarded gates, barking German shepherds in kennels, and armed,
marching cops in camo fatigues.  Interesting.  Got to suggest it to the
DefCon folks instead of Vegas.
Anyway, not knowing what Esther was going to talk about, I started to
smile when she launched into a very pro-crypto (as in anti-key escrow)
presentation.  Through a translator, she did a good job of covering most
of the issues near and dear to Cypherpunks's hearts.  She closed with
urging the Polish officials to make their own decisions regarding privacy
and crypto, and not be swayed by the actions of the US government.
Someone in the audience asked what the average American thought of the
ongoing crypto controversy.  Esther answered correctly, that they're
mostly clueless.  Of course I had to stand up and mention the grassroots
Cypherpunk efforts just to let folks know not everyone besides EFF is idly
standing by (I think my host did a pretty good job of translating).
Esther's comment was that Cypherpunks weren't average.  You decide if that
was a compliment or not.
I don't know.  Despite the bashing she got on the list about anonymity, I
was impressed.  Presenting the issues  in a very logical and rational
manner to government officials in "crypto-neutral" territory counts for
something in my book.
Anyway, based on all of the nonsense going on in the US, it's interesting
to be in an environment where there are strong concerns about privacy and
government abuses by the average citizen.  I think Americans have taken
for granted many things, that only living under a repressive regime would
make them appreciate.

@_date: 1996-11-10 11:18:37
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: ideal secure personal computer system 
See the CryptoBook link at While the concepts were originally developed for a laptop, they're easily
applied to a desktop machine running Win95.

@_date: 1996-12-05 14:19:50
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Laptops and TEMPEST 
Thinking that LCD screens reduce the risks of emanation monitoring is a
dangerous misconception (at least under a high threat model).  LCDs'
current requirements are pretty small, and they only emanate a low magentic
and electrical field.  However, the gotcha with current laptops is their
backlighting.  Electric and magnetic fields are considerably higher
compared with a low-res/contrast device.
There are documents that circulate within certain security circles that
list just how noisy (and therefore easy to monitor) various off-the-shelf
machines are.  It would be an interesting project for some ham radio type
Cypherpunks to measure their machines, and publish the results.  Or, for
some well connected person just to scan and anonymously post such a
document to the list.  Of course, I'd never encourage anyone to do
something illegal.

@_date: 1996-12-15 21:19:37
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Van Eck articles 
Looking for:
"Electromagnetic Radiation from Video Display Units: An Eavesdropping
Risk?" by Wim Van Eck, published in "Computers & Security,"  1985, Vol 4
"Protective Measures Against Compromising Electromagnetic Radiation Emitted
by Video Display Terminals" by Professor Erhard Moller, Aachen University,
1990 (no source citation)
Haven't found an electronic version of either of these yet, and will visit
the good old "paper-based" library next week if no pointers show up.
Thanks in advance...

@_date: 1996-12-16 14:32:32
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Army Cryptanalysis manual online 
The US Army's Field Manual on Basic Cryptanalysis (FM 34-40-2), dated
September 1990 is available for downloading as an Acrobat PDF file from:
Fairly classic in nature (substitution, transposition, and code systems).
Huge files (so far, at 28.8, after about an hour and a half, I've only been
able to grab the table of contents and a couple of appendices - some
kind-hearted person with a T1 or greater may want to get everything, then
zip and mirror to save us bandwidth challenged folks the pain).
Also, for the complete listings of almost 300 downloadable FMs through the
Digital Training Library (ATDL), check out:
Have fun!
Note: This site isn't wholly reliable.  It seems to regularly go up and
down, and sometimes the bandwidth is terrible.  Probably worth your
patience though.

@_date: 1996-12-17 11:30:08
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: The Complete, Unofficial TEMPEST Information Page 
Everything (well almost everything) you ever wanted to know about TEMPEST
but were afraid to ask.
Research papers, links to TEMPEST hardware manufacturers and consultants,
military security manuals, monitoring devices, history, and more.
The page is devoted to presenting open-source information about TEMPEST and
related topics.  There is actually quite a large body of unclassified
information available about this subject (much of it on the Net).  My goal
is to provide a useful reference for those interested in emanations
security as it relates to intelligence, computer security, and privacy issues.
Joel McNamara
Disclaimer: I've never been involved with the TEMPEST community, had a
security clearance for TEMPEST, or have access to classified material
relating to TEMPEST. Like most good intelligence gathering, the information
on the above-mentioned page is completely derived from publicly available,
unclassified sources.

@_date: 1997-01-10 07:23:03
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Private Idaho source code now available 
Private Idaho 2.8b3, a bug fix version of the popular Windows freeware PGP
and remailer utility, is now available.  This will be my last official
release of PI for the foreseeable future.
Due to other projects and new directions, I haven't been able to spend as
much time as I'd like coding and supporting Private Idaho.  Instead of
seeing it die on the vine, I've decided to release the source code under
the GNU General Public License (export disclaimer - the sources do not
include, or have ever contained, cryptographic algorithms).
I'm hoping one or more, like-minded, privacy-oriented developer(s) will
step forward to continue with PI's evolution.  There's a lot of
functionality in the application right now, but there are still some
enhancements to be made (localized and 32-bit versions, some more minor bug
fixs, etc.).
I'll still be maintaining the Private Idaho Web page, and if new versions
do appear, they'll be distributed there.
See  for complete details on getting
the sources.
Thanks for all the support and feedback you've provided over the past
several years.

@_date: 1997-01-15 07:30:26
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Re: Airport security [no such thing] 
US airport security is a joke compared to other places in the world.
Contrast Lucky's account with my last trip through Germany.  Carry-ons
x-rayed.  Pat down search by white gloved personnel.  Asked to take photo
with my camera (to demonstrate it was real).  Full power-on of laptop.
Laptop weighed and checked against book containing manufacturer's specs.
And this is standard, not because I was flagged as an evil Cypherpunk or
fit some profile.  Everything done very efficiently, with few delays.
Your mileage may vary.  I've been in other places, where US airport
security looks like Fort Knox.  The main reason (no matter where you go) is
unmotivated, minimum-wage, rent-a-cops placed in a tedious work environment.
Ob-Crypto: During some real serious globe-trotting over the past couple of
years, no one has ever looked at the contents of my hard drive.  Even when
I've been detained by customs (non-US), doing a pretty detailed search of
my luggage.

@_date: 1997-02-04 10:05:29
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: DES keyspace 
Is anyone coordinating (formally or informally) which chunks of the
keyspace has been searched for the DES challenge?  Yes, I know all the
arguments about potential fraud and verification, but it would be nice to
have a Web site that informally listed what had been scanned so far
(verified or not).
Did I perhaps miss something and this is already out there?  URLs
appreciated if so.  If it doesn't exist, I'd be willing to host a site and
play coordinator...

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:26:26
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Unofficial DES Challenge Clearinghouse 
Until someone comes up with an automated method of keyspace allocation for
the DES challenge (and maybe even after), I've decided to run the
Unofficial DES Challenge Clearinghouse.
This Web page will list keyspace that's already been searched (or is
planned to be searched) with links to any brute force utilities.
If you clear part of the keyspace, e-mail me the range, and I'll update the
Yes, I agree that a trusted, verifiable method of keyspace allocation and
reporting needs to be put in place, but in the meantime, this rather simple
page will hopefully reduce some duplication of effort.

@_date: 1997-02-04 09:41:36
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: DES keyspace 
Is anyone coordinating (formally or informally) which chunks of the
keyspace has been searched for the DES challenge?  Yes, I know all the
arguments about potential fraud and verification, but it would be nice to
have a Web site that informally listed what had been scanned so far
(verified or not).
Did I perhaps miss something and this is already out there?  URLs
appreciated if so.  If it doesn't exist, I'd be willing to host a site and
play coordinator...

@_date: 1997-02-04 20:10:05
@_author: Joel McNamara 
@_subject: Unofficial DES Challenge Clearinghouse 
Until someone comes up with an automated method of keyspace allocation for
the DES challenge (and maybe even after), I've decided to run the
Unofficial DES Challenge Clearinghouse.
This Web page will list keyspace that's already been searched (or is
planned to be searched) with links to any brute force utilities.
If you clear part of the keyspace, e-mail me the range, and I'll update the
Yes, I agree that a trusted, verifiable method of keyspace allocation and
reporting needs to be put in place, but in the meantime, this rather simple
page will hopefully reduce some duplication of effort.
