
@_date: 1998-04-13 21:34:21
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: $ THIS REALLY WORKS !!! -AFOI 
This is it !
DO YOU WONDER IF SOME OF THESE THINGS WORK??
You see it again and again because it WORKS!!  See the message at the bottom!
     This is the letter you've been reading about in the news lately.  Due to the popularity of this letter on the internet, a major nightly news program recently devoted an entire show to the  investigation of the program described below  to see if it really can make people money.  If you saw it, you know that their conclusion was that, while most people did not make the $50,000 discussed in the plan, most people were able to double and triple their money at the very least, in a short amount of time.  The show also investigated whether or not the program was legal.  Their findings proved once and for all that there are absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program.  This has helped to show people that this is a simple, harmless and fun way to make some extra money at home.  This is for real.
        The result of this show has been truly remarkable.  So many people are participating that those involved are doing much better than ever before.  Since everyone makes more as more people try it out, its been very exciting to be a part of lately.  You will understand once you experience it.
         You may have thought this is a chain letter or a pyramid scheme (it's not).  You may have thought this is illegal  (it's not).  You may have just decided its not worth your time  (it is).   Whatever the reason you decided not to try it in the past, I ask you to reconsider.
        After reading the simple instructions below, you will be ready to start.   I think that once you begin to see your first orders in the mail, you will be surprised to learn just how many people are participating in this program.   I have been involved in the program for a long time but I have never seen so many people trying this out as I have recently.   This is good news because the more people that do it, the more everyone benefits.  If you ever thought of giving this a shot, now's the time to do it.          There's very little to lose, but alot to gain.  Besides making alittle extra cash each week, its fun to wonder how much money will be in your mailbox each day.  I wish all of you could know the feeling I get each day after work as I go to my p.o. box.  Its exhilerating!
        Just read over the letter below.  It will make starting a breeze.  Hope to hear from you soon.
                                                                                                     Jenny C.   Grand Junction, CO
