
@_date: 1995-08-28 17:48:03
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits and a Hello 
What is the capacity of the mag strips. Do they carry much more than some
ID code for computer reference? It seems unlikely that there is enough
for a thumbprint. Some vitals perhaps, but again it would most likely simply
be a speedier way of referencing the card holder's supposed True Name. (After
all they'd have to be checking driving record information as well.) Still
decrypting the cards would be amusing, just to aggravate those who become to
used to the convienience. 'Oh.. sorry Governor Wilson... my but you look
different up close'.
Being in California, I've avoided getting a Cali license due in large part
to the use of thumbprints. Perhaps I'm being silly, but I find it difficult
to give up such vitals. Its the sheeplike way the majority of the
population happily gives up its remnants and shreds of privacy which makes
this such an
important area.
As for the Hello mentioned in the subject line... A few of you may know me
already. I work for Consensus Development. We're going to be able to
license out RSARef commercial use quite soon. Some of the people I've
talked to have asked me to jump on Cypherpunks, so I've been going over the
archives on the Cypherpunk list, and while rather large, I'm quite pleased
to see the high content/noise ratio here. Anyway, my task is to get in gear
as the Knowledge Officer for RSARef, and I am currently putting together
the new RSARef discussion lists. Since I don't have the constitution (or
obligation) to be
a salesperson I'll leave the RSARef stuff at that. If you do have questions,
or want to be put on the RSARef announcement list, drop me an email.
Jonathan Zamick
(Off to play with PGPFone.... how happy am I? :)

@_date: 1995-08-29 17:46:25
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits and a Hello 
My only question though is why help them create more records about the
average citizen?

@_date: 1995-08-30 11:32:59
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: CIA & Espionage 
Perhaps if economic espionage is such a high priority, then we'll have
to start using more secure keys in the future. After all, any international
corporation limited to using limited bit encryption schemes is just asking
for its rivals to start grabbing the traffic and stealing their information.

@_date: 1995-09-11 12:36:58
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: question about reputation 
Actually about a year ago I was working on a project to help merge
electronic tokens and 'reputation'. The idea was to reinforce contributions
to the net and acknowledge them in a tangible manner The classic
method of gauging respect has become more difficult as the growth of the net
has resutlted in a surfeit of citizens who simply haven't learned the idea
of contribution and net community, nor how to judge the level of respect
that others have.
We'd seed a certain # of tokens amongst FAQ maintainers, moderators, and
those who are active in helping on lists and forums. A group would be
chosen to help decide how to split up the seed tokens. This group would not
be eligible for any tokens themselves (they'd be selected from those we
felt were the most active, oddly they'd be earning old style respect, that
is contributing their time in distributing tokens without being able to
earn any.)
Still under discussion was how to bring more tokens into the system. One
was to continue to distribute tokens based on a standard for certain
actions and further nominations as judged by the council (which would
change membership itself over time.) The second was to have an actual
foundation set up to accept contributions to be distributed to other net
related non-profits. Thus for those who don't have the time or knowledge
base to contribute to the net, they can actually contribute money to aid
net-related groups.
The tokens could be exchanged when people answer questions, as favors. Part
of the money from the foundation would be to have gatherings which would
'cost' tokens, so those who have put in their time and labor could mix and
listen to speakers, enjoy a nice dinner, etc.
Anyway, just interesting to see the topic come up now in the Cypherpunk
community. At the time, there were still some barriers between the
we were given by different people paying our own checks on the matter.
Perhaps the idea of 'Friends of the Net' is now more pertinent.
Feel free to drop me some email or cc back to the list. If enough people
are interested, I'll look into the subject again.

@_date: 1995-09-18 13:07:16
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: RSAREF Commercial Licensing 
Well I've vaccilated between making a formal, dry announcement or
letting you all know my way. Given the general tenor (and individual
spirit) of many on Toad it is pretty easy to guess which path I chose.
So, first of all, here is to a productive future for encryption and
encryption technologies. Consensus Development and RSA Data Security,
have finalized the contract for Consensus to license and support
RSAREF(tm) for commercial use.
This isn't an advertisement for RSAREF -- as we are seeking to first
present our license to those who have already expressed interest in
the product to 'beta-test' our standard agreement. Meanwhile, we would
like to gather some information from the net community.
Our foremost concern is for those who have been using RSAREF in
the past. If you have discovered any bugs which have either gone
unreported or unfixed, we need to know ASAP. No bugs have been
officially reported in version 2.0, however we have heard in the
past that some may have been found. If a report has gotten lost
during this period of transition, we'd like to know. Consensus'
first priority is to make sure RSAREF is bug free.
Secondly, for those who have contributed code to RSAREF in the
past, or have code they'd like to submit, send email to me at the
address below. Our hope is that RSAREF will continue to improve
and meet the needs of its users through the co-support of both
Consensus Development and our commercial and non-commercial
RSAREF developers.
Lastly, we would like to hear suggestions and ideas on how to
improve RSAREF. We intend to remain responsive to requests, and
welcome ideas for the evolution of the RSAREF toolkit.
Anyway, again, have a good day. For those who would like to be
on our RSAREF announcement list, send mail to
 with 'Subscribe' in the Subject
Note: RSAREF is a trademarked term by RSA Data Security
Thank you all for your patience, I'm sure many will be as excited
as I am.
Jonathan Zamick
Knowledge Officer

@_date: 1995-09-26 06:17:53
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: RSA/Cylink arbitration agreement on-line 
As far as I can tell, that seems to sum it up. In addition, RSA agrees
in all their contracts to indemnify the licensee regarding RSA's rights to
assign the various technologies. When I called to speak to them, they
reiterated their stance. Since, we are going to be handling RSAREF, the
validity of RSAREF licenses was of some importance. Having gone through
the arbitration ruling things seem to be on track.
I'll post more of this to the RSAREF Announce list for folk.

@_date: 1995-10-12 10:59:12
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: IDEA algorithm 
This may be an odd question, but who is it that owns the IDEA algorithm?
We've had a number of requests regarding licensing RSAREF tying into
legitmizing PGP products. Part of that includes IDEA obviously.
Anyway, take care.

@_date: 1995-10-12 18:40:15
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: IDEA algorithm 
I know.. I blush. I've become such a netjunkie that not being able to find
any of the answers on web pages, or Cypherpunk logs I just panicked.
Thank you everyone who sent me a message with the reference.
I'd say more, but I have to run and get my fix in.
(Btw... what would be the absolute coolest thing folk would like to see
added to RSAREF? That is, other than code that we will need to negotiate
for. What new thing, speed upgrade, enhancement, etc would just tickle?)

@_date: 1995-10-13 10:19:01
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: IDEA algorithm 
To some degree that is already true. There is no upfront cost for the
licensing, so it is straight royalty based. Right now its 5-4% declining
with gross sales.
I'll look into this one. We have the ability to add more entry points. Thanks.
That is exactly the kind of thing I was hoping to get.

@_date: 1995-10-16 11:19:57
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
I have to admit I'm a little surprised. I think there are a couple conflicting
dynamics here.
On the one hand, many people here see strengthening security and encryption
in use as a no-holds benefit. The more that is out there, the better it is,
and the more its in use, the better off things will be.
On the other hand, Netscape is a hot stock company. Its ok to work for
recognition, and to donate time for the betterment of the community even if
it profits others. (Eventually such things come around, which is the
classic value of a net reputation.) However, when sudden, large profits
hinge on your work, it is harder to take the philosophical route.
Its a tough thing. I can certainly see both sides.

@_date: 1995-10-20 14:21:44
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Job Openings at Consensus (Mostly RSAREF related) 
Heya all, thanks for the suggestions regarding 'dream features' for RSAREF.
The best thing is, we can actually do some of them, and have some
compromises for others. (We can't allow unlimited calls for instance, but
we do have a process for setting up new APIs so people can tie in to other
algorithms officially.) For those who are expecting mail from me regarding
licensing, hold in there. we had to clear up a couple misphrasings that
hadn't been caught. That's dealt with, and the contact looks clean... now
to just get the license up and ready. (Sorry, I really had thought it would
have been out to you all already.)
After all the discussion recently about rewards for crypto work, and such,
I thought this might interest some people. Between RSAREF and some other
projects it seems we can hire some more folk. This went out on the RSAREF
Announcement list, but I thought some of the people on Cpunk might be
interested. (Be warned though, we aren't a hard core development house, the
focus is on human focused electronic technologies, for which privacy, trust
and encryption are neccessary. Its why I enjoy the place, but it might not
be for everyone.) Anyway, if you have questions send them to me. If you
actually want to apply, send them to ChristopherA
Consensus Development Corporation is a rapidly growing software development
and consulting firm in the privacy and security field. We are the exclusive
commercial licensor of the RSAREF toolkit and offer consulting and
development services to companies including Apple Computer, RSA Data
Security, VeriSign, Visa International, etc.
We need people for the following:
Lead Engineer
Candidate will lead a team of staff and outside contractors to develop
digital signature software. Candidate is expected to have experience with
encryption and privacy software. Experience in Windows and/or Mac
application and GUI design is required. General experience with BSAFE,
TIPEM, RSAREF, C++, cross-platform development, internet standards and
TCP/IP coding desirable.
Support Engineer
Candidate will be providing front-line technical support to our RSAREF
commercial licensees, integrating C code submitted by outside contributers
into RSAREF, as well as writing new technical documentation and FAQs for
new versions of RSAREF. This can be an entry-level position with only C
experience required, however, individuals with more experience is
We have several 2 to 3 month intern positions for work in the encryption
and internet standards areas, including porting of code supporting internet
standards across platforms, preparing internet-drafts of new standards, and
supporting our full-time engineering staff.

@_date: 1995-11-28 05:20:26
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
.. stuff..
.. stuff..
.. stuff..
This is a very important period. The technology is young enough that a
window is open for a non-giant to produce a dominant product.
On the other hand, it takes actual coordination of resources. I'm not sure
that it is within the range of Cypherpunks to take advantage of this
window. There is still no agreement whether the group can be said to have a
single vision, nor whether people within it want to be bounded by another's
If people really wish to take advantage of this and really push things, it
means forming a group, made up of Cypherpunk members perhaps, but much
smaller, and capable of working together. Also capable of handling not only
the theory, but good solid code, GUI, PR, meetings, talking to the
government, etc.
It is an open window yes, but not a simple one. I'd love to see widespread
use of secure encryption, however I don't think the potential exists within
the Cypherpunk framework to reach it as 'Cypherpunks'. The question then
is, whether Cypherpunks should change, or whether a smaller group will be

@_date: 1995-11-28 06:02:34
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
It is also a matter of funding of course. While development can be donated
time, the rest often takes money. Still, its something to look into.
Handling RSAREF is sapping much of my time, otherwise I'd jump right in,
however I like to always pause before committing my time to endeavors. I
wouldn't mind helping out though. Certainly Consensus probably has some
resources with its own contacts to contribute.
I agree with your points though. Another thing to consider, are some
alternate methods of enterprise design that involve better communication,
iteration of goals vs product, etc. (Actually I need to work on a speech
about this that is coming up soon. Yet another project. :)

@_date: 1995-11-29 01:52:33
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
I can't agree. The model of a successful enterprise includes feedback from
different levels of participants. Regardless, the government will be taking
a role in encryption. Thus even if they aren't a defining part of the
development, bringing them to a limited extent into the loop, and finding
even small areas which the government would support, helps provide better
buy-in by the government officials who participate, helping the momentum.
The point isn't to bring them into the design, but simply to use their
feedback to optimize our PR approach.

@_date: 1995-11-29 02:41:26
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
This discussion was based on a group of people getting together to create
a new easy to use package for handling keys and such. The government is
going to try to take a dominant stance, and mandate elements of it. That
has to be assumed. Those elements we don't agree with will be ignored or
worked around (depending if its government opinion or government law.)
However, it is possible, even in an antagonistic relationship, to develop
positive feedback. I may be cracked, but I'd like to think that it would
be an advantage to find some area where the government and the Cypherpunk
members do agree, to minimize the conflict over the areas where we don't.
Still, this is getting past the original topic, and gets more into the
religious level of whether there can be any cooperation when the two
sides are Government and Good/Widespread Encryption. My stance is that
currently, no, but that doesn't preclude it in the future. Others don't
see it happening at all, or don't see it worth the investment to achieve.
That is perfectly valid.
Returning to the original topic though, do we want to get a smaller list
together to spec out some ideas for the project that was discussed? A
simple, transparent, tool which would allow people to use strong encryption
without having to think about it?
I don't have much time to contribute right now, but I can at least put
together the list, and some ideas.

@_date: 1995-12-01 08:20:16
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: "Got a subpoena?" 
In fact, most forms of recording need willing participation by at least one
party. Wiretaps are the main method of recording information which doesn't
involve willing participation of one of those communicating. Since there
are no laws regarding participation of service providers assisting the
government at gathering information, there is a great deal of leeway
If they actually pass a law (as in Penn) regarding ISP obligations it'll
probably be fought a bit, but does then put more stress on the situation.

@_date: 1995-12-02 05:18:14
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
Hmm. The key point is that almost no general users will have a clue what
actual security is, and what GAK is. They _might_ understand the risks of
having an explosive in their vehicle (but can just as easily argue it wasn't
properly designed if it went off improperly.) Regardless of what they'd know
about their vehicle, they can easily claim to had the risks associated with
GAK improperly represented, Netscape misleading them with deceptive claims
of security given this potential hole etc.
I'm not saying whether or not this is the case, but we are very much in a
legal period where individuals are in fact expected not to need common sense,
and corporations are responsible for cleaning up after consumer stupidity.
It is certainly true that given the general state of education regarding
crypto, the average consumer can easily say that regardless of warnings about
GAK, that they weren't properly informed of the risk. With all the hype
around security, Netscape and encryption people will be under the
impression regardless
of one little disclaimer tag, that their information is safe. Neither
government nor corporations will disabuse them of this belief. The case
would be strong against them as a consumer.

@_date: 1995-12-02 08:33:58
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
I don't mean to be inflamatory, but it isn't much of a point. They aren't
going to put such a banner up because that would limit their business. The
goal of Netscape (though I don't single them out), any corporation that would
profit from business of those who seek encryption while still allowing GAK,
and the government, is to limit the public's awareness of the size of the
hole. If they let people know the extent of the hole, then they'll use
products w/out it which blows profits from companies involved, and doesn't
benefit the government who want it in common use.
The question is whether there was false representation of the security of
the product.
1. The general knowledge of encryption and secure electronic financial
transactions is significantly lower than that of more standard
2. Applying for a loan or buying a car involve actively going out, negotiating,
signing contracts, etc. It will be much simpler to simply stick your vital
info into a 'secure' browser.
3. The choice of browser to use will be done, based on representations by
companies about the security of their product. If Netscape doesn't
state in direct terms when accessing the browser that the GAK is a
potential security risk, then they will be sued. Simply because someone
will get blamed.
Since they (or again any company that incorporates GAK.. I really don't
want to target Netscape in specific) will make the threat sound as
insignificant as possible, and not bring it to people's attention (and they
can't afford to do so) when (not if) it is breached they will be taken to
court repeatedly.

@_date: 1995-12-05 12:56:20
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: ANNOUNCE: December 9th: Bay Area Cypherpunks Meeting and Party 
Heh. I'm still sorry I'll be missing this. I'm sadly going to be up in
Chicago that weekend getting ready for an internet security conference.
Since, I'm CC:ing this to the list, is anyone else going to be at 'Securing
Electronic Commerce on the Internet?' Thought it might be interesting to
dive out for dinner some evening with a few other Cpunk.

@_date: 1996-01-05 10:43:33
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Apologies for my absense 
Sorry I've been so absent from the list recently.
I've been variously flying back and forth to different conferences,
working on putting new things together for RSAREF, and finally going
on a much needed vacation (I'm feeling much better now.) Actually, after
recovering from blood loss from the hoards of mosquitos which greeted me
at the airport, I've finally gotten ready to wade through my Cpunk backlogs.
Some news:
1. Come to the RSAREF conference, and say hi at the Consensus booth. Its
rumored I'll be wearing a white shirt 2 of the 3 days and maybe a jacket,
while wearing a tie and boxers one one of the days. (The tie is a bit
unusual I have to admit.)
You all gave me a number of nifty wishlists when I stuck the option out
there before and I think life is good. I can't tell you about it now, or
at least I'm not going to because suspense is fun. However, in seriousness
stop by. We'll have at least 3 major announcements to make which will be
of moderate interest to y'all. Besides, I'm spending the next two weeks
panicking about the booth and will need some peer support once I collapse.
(We just wanted a room for an hour to get a little roundtable.)
2. Please give some comment on our RSAREF web pages. I've just started pouring
some info into them to answer questions people have about the licensing and
such. If there are questions you have that aren't answered, let me know. (If
the question is, where do I send my flame... you don't really need me to answer
do you? :)
Anyway, who else is going to be at the conference? (Also who is going to be
at MacWorld?)
Lastly, I'd like to plan a Cpunk party. I'm thinking about March 15th perhaps
in the Berkeley area. Its going to be a Sake party, in the Takara Sake
factory, so we can be really droll and mix the Cyber/Cypher punk motif. :)
That sound like a good night? Any major conferences causing a problem?

@_date: 1996-01-15 08:22:28
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION REFUSES TO CENSOR INTERNET SERVICES 
Ok, I know better than to get into:
a) Totally off topic discussions on lists
and even worse
b) Political, off topic discussions.
However, I really do feel its my obligation to offer a counterpoint to
Attila here. (Not a sanction of his own discussion, but a little debate.)
I do this because I had a long talk with someone who liked to use weighted
terms to speak against jews and jewish organizations, and am still a wee
bit sensitive.
What the SWC asked was idiotic. However, they are in no way guilty of the
same 'mind-control tactics as the core Nazi party.' That is exibitionism,
and is dangerous. They sent out a request asking ISPs to take an action.
They did not demand it, imply any sort of economic response, or direct
physical response. As for Germany, a number of different cultures were
attacked in WWII. On the one hand Jews are most often discussed, because
they were the most openly herded and vilified at the time. However, Russians,
Poles, Gypsies, Gays and many others were also sent to camps. Germany is
a very multicultural nation. The tensions, and issues of keeping a cap on
racism are very important. When neonazis killed the turkish family, thousands
of Germans turned out to show that they won't stand for such again. If that
is the result of actions taken by the SWC in the media, and in politics then
I'd say they have done a wonderful job overall.
As for attempts of revision. What sort of revision? If you mean historical
revision, like the groups which claim the Holocaust (again something which
affected many different groups) never happened, or was a Jewish conspiracy,
then I'm glad that sort of revision is seen as a hate crime.
The reason I'm so sensitive about these things is that the person I had a
debate with over this area before could see nothing done by Jews in a positive
light. Use of the media was whining, use of the law was sneaky, actual action
was nazism. Thus I'll stop now. I don't condone what the SWC asked for in this
case, and those who know my postings should know I strongly support privacy
and freedom of expression. I just equally feel that its my obligation when
certain things are posted, to not let little loaded comments go unrebutted.
(See whoever is there at the RSA conference this week.)
Sorry again for taking up the list's time.

@_date: 1996-01-26 13:33:50
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: Etch-a-sketch 
Ok.. I'm still getting mail regarding the etch-a-sketch keychain. Thus
I'm going to look at how to get em for everyone. :)
Just letting you all know. Don't bury me in 'I want one mail.' As soon as
I have the info I'll get it out to the hungry crowd. Heh. At that point
you can bury me happily.

@_date: 1996-01-22 09:40:05
@_author: Jonathan Zamick 
@_subject: An IDEA whose time has come (Notes from the RSA Conference) 
Well the RSA Security Conference is over, and I finally had time to sleep.
Thus, I'll give you all a bit of my impressions.
First, there were a heck of a lot more merchants this year. Last year, there
were about 400 people. This year it was 1100, with a couple hundred waiting.
Thus the conferences were a bit more mixed in level of topic. (As one
person put it, the more interesting the title, the more likely it is a
blatant plug for a product.) On the other hand there were a number of great
conferences too. Sadly, I was busy at the Consensus booth and didn't have
time for many of them.
Last year Clipper was the big issue, but export controls were predicted to
be the big issue this year.
This year export controls were the big issue, but certificates were
predicted to be the big issue next year.
Lotus got low marks in everyone's book for setting the precedent of giving
the government 24 bits of their key. (As if France is going to be satisfied
with that solution.)
I didn't meet many Cypherpunks at this conference. Partially it may have
been because I was dirt tired after planning the booth in only two weeks,
and running it.
They had a lot of nice giveaways. I have a metal backed dayrunner which is
cute, an etch-a-sketch keychain which is causing rabid jealousy in the
office, and a nifty t-shirt with the logo 'A good marketing organization
listens to its customers'... then the picture of a woman on the phone w/
two spooks listening in.. finally 'We Hear You... Your NSA'.
Needless to say, I like it.
Anyway here is the point of the subject from this message. A while back I
asked for all your wish lists. One of the big issues was making IDEA
available w/ RSAREF. Well, I did even better, you can now license IDEA from
Consensus whether you use RSAREF or not. This was the biggest hit at our
booth. A number of groups saw a very strong, fast, Swiss block cypher as a
nifty thing. Imagine, you can use 128 bits in Europe. Right now I'm trying
to convince Ascom to develop a
crippled version of IDEA to simply give away if anyone wants it for export.
(Like most of the folk here, I don't see a 40 bit key as very valuable, but
is useful for companies which don't have contacts in Europe.)
As a little promo, Ascom, the company which developed IDEA, and will be
licensing it in Europe, announced a challenge. If you can break one
message in the next year, they'll send you on a vacation to the Matterhorn,
give you a nice dinner w/ the creators of IDEA, and be really impressed. :)
Anyway, I'll be putting more information up on our web pages about IDEA.
If anyone wants info on my Etch-A-Sketch keychain, feel free to send me some
mail. If you want info on anything else, you can send email for that too.
Take care all.
