
@_date: 1997-05-20 23:39:48
@_author: Jack Oswald 
@_subject: Swiss Consortium Chooses RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem for Next Generation Wireless Electronic Transactions 
Also see recent press coverage in Infoworld:
RPK announces deal for fast crypto with Swiss consortium
 SET 2.0 on the way
 PRESS RELEASE
For Release May 19, 1997
RPK, Inc.: 	Jack Oswald, +1 408.479.7874, joswald  ADESA, Inc.: 	Maurice Jaccard,+41 22.910.29.14, maujacca
Swiss Consortium Chooses RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem for Next Generation Wireless Electronic Transactions
Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and ADESA, Inc. introduce HAWK VLSI cryptography-enhanced processor
San Francisco, CA - RPK, Inc. announced today that a consortium of the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and ADESA, Inc., a Swiss application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) design firm have chosen the RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem to provide strong cryptographic security in a next generation wireless electronic transactions application.  At the same time, EPFL and ADESA unveiled HAWK a new generation cryptography-enhanced microprocessor specifically designed for use in high speed/low power embedded applications.
"The RPK encryption technology won the design review after an extensive evaluation of all existing cryptosystems based on well known and understood cryptographic techniques," said Maurice Jaccard, Managing Director of ADESA, Inc. "With RPK there are no compromises. We get uncompromised security, high speed and low cost of implementation."
"RPK is a strong encryption technology based on well know and trusted cryptographic techniques," said Jack Oswald, President and CEO of RPK Inc. "Having RPK chosen by the Swiss for this breakthrough electronic-commerce application is the strongest endorsement we could possibly achieve for the RPK technology."
Wireless Electronic Transactions Application
The collaboration of RPK, EPFL and ADESA has resulted in a prototype application that promises to become the "wallet of the future".  This new wireless electronic transaction application may take the form of a credit card, a watch or a key chain and will sport features analogous to the leather wallets used today by billions of people worldwide.  Early designs of the system allow the user to withdraw and hold cash in multiple currencies, as well as, purchase and hold vouchers for hotels, planes and car rentals all through the use of wireless communications technology.  Officials in charge of the project envision that such devices could also become a personal key chain for gaining access to motor vehicles, offices and dwellings, in addition to traditional credit card uses.
ADESA concluded that performance of the RPK implementation in the prototype far exceeded existing smart card implementations based on the RSA and other algorithms.  The RPK technology performs the necessary encryption functions in less than 10 milliseconds using an 823-bit key compared to the best performing RSA-based equivalents that require greater than 100 milliseconds to perform the same type of function using a much weaker 512-bit key.  The application is not limited to 823-bit keys.  The design of the system, based on the new HAWK processor is flexible and can accommodate and process various sized keys, smaller or larger than 823 bits based on downloadable parameters.  ADESA officials explained that the simplicity of the RPK algorithm makes it much simpler to implement than the popular RSA approach.  It was RPK's simplicity, offering a much faster and cheaper solution while providing even higher security, that drove the choice over RSA for this application.  About the RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem
RPK is a relatively new public key cryptosystem  that is based on mathematics widely used in cryptography today.  It was designed to be immediately commercially viable without the years of study that a new area of mathematics normally requires, such as the Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem (ECC).  The source of the security for RPK is the same as that of Diffie-Hellman key exchange, a widely used and well studied cryptographic technique. RPK offers real advantages for high speed networking, SmartCard, wireless communication applications as well as high volume software processes such as credit card transactions. RPK has at its core an invention called a Mixture Generator.  In the preferred implementation, three fairly long linear feedback shift registers are used.  This state machine has two modes of operation.  One that uses the shift registers for exponentiation and the other as a generator of a random stream of bits used in a combining phase for the actual encryption.  Effectively, RPK allows for the amortization of two "costly" exponentiations over the entire length of a message because the core engine is used to initially establish a secure state of the machine and then switches modes to perform very high speed encryption.  This has been referred to as a paradigm shift where the operation of encryption does not require the costly calculations that an RSA or even an ECC implementation would require for each block of data that is about the size of the key.  This mechanism can also be implemented in silicon quite efficiently such that at high strength it is much cheaper to produce than alternative technologies.  Finally, it is also possible to create a Mixture Generator that is made up of Elliptic Curve groups which would provide a similarly speedy and efficient initialization mode that could still produce high speed encryption as noted above.
About the HAWK VLSI Crypto Processor
The HAWK VLSI cryptography-enhanced processor is the result of more than three years of research and development conducted at the EPFL in Lausanne, Switzerland in the area of high speed compression and encryption.  The HAWK processor will benefit most cryptography implementations but is particularly well suited for use with RPK.
"The HAWK processor is the most innovative approach that we have seen yet for implementing cryptographic processes in silicon," said Bill Raike, Chief Technology Officer for RPK Inc. and inventor of the RPK fast public key cryptosystem.  "HAWK breaks the barrier for high speed, low cost, low power and high strength encryption for embedded systems."
RPK, Inc. is a supplier of next generation fast public key encryption technology.  RPK was invented and originally patented in New Zealand.  The company is therefore unaffected by restrictive U.S. export rules.  RPK has been successfully exported to virtually all countries of the world at high strength.  The company's headquarters are based in San Francisco, California, USA, with an offshore research and development center located outside of Auckland, New Zealand.  ADESA, Inc. is a leading ASIC design firm based in Geneva, Switzerland with expertise in embedded and cryptographic applications.
EPFL is a leading teaching and research technical institute in Lausanne, Switzerland.  The school is known for its work in advanced processor design.

@_date: 1997-11-19 08:46:24
@_author: Jack Oswald 
@_subject: RE: export restictions and investments 
I am also aware of a company called VASCO that bought a crypto chip maker in Belgium which was apparently OK too.
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Tuesday, November 18, 1997 4:45 AM
How do the US export restrictions affect investments into non-US crypto
companies? Is it legal for US private persons or companies to invest money
into companies developing strong crypto applications for example in
Europe? Since Sun bought the Russian Elvis+ company it seems to be Ok, just wanted
to check if there are any other opinions. Does anyone know of any other
non-US companies that have received US investments, or venture capital or
Jyri Kaljundi
AS Stallion Ltd

@_date: 1998-01-27 09:17:06
@_author: Jack Oswald 
@_subject: RE: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
Bill - The technology that we export as part of RPK InvisiMail, is world-class strong crypto.  Key size options are 607 bits and 1279.  The math behind the system is based on the same as that of D-H.  There is no snake oil.  There was no intentional or unintentional attempt to mislead any government authority.  We also did not request an export license, because there is no need to do so in New Zealand as long as the export is by means of the Internet.  Peter G. knows this as well.  The story may be different for physical export on disk, disc or tape, although we cannot concur with Peter's personal experience.  Our experience is that we get pretty good treatment from the NZ authorities.  We also may use a different approach.  I have often heard that you can often get a better response when using honey than vinegar.  Therein may explain differences in our respective experiences.  I have personally met with the Minister of Trade for New Zealand.  His views and those of his staff seemed to be acceptable to us and have not imposed any undue restrictions of our business or our ability to operate.
Jack Oswald
President and CEO
RPK Fast Public Key Encryption
RPK New Zealand Ltd.
4750 Capitola Road
Capitola, CA 95010
+1 408.479.7874 phone
+1 408.479.1409 fax
+1 800.475.4509 pager
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Sunday, January 25, 1998 5:44 PM
I was amused to receive two mail messages back-to-back,
one from Peter Gutmann talking about New Zealand having one of the
strictest formal export controls in the world, and one from
RPK New Zealand talking about how their encryption product is
not export-controlled because it's from NZ, not the US,
and how their RPK Fast Public Key Encryptonite(tm) Engine
is the strongest crypto in the world.  Either they haven't
bothered asking for export permission, or they asked in such a way
that the export bureaucrats didn't notice it was crypto and
regulated by their crypto export preventers, or their crypto
somehow falls through the cracks, e.g. by using an algorithm with
public keys shorter than 512 bits (works for ECC, not RSA)
and private keys shorter than 40 bits (or 41 on a good day),
or perhaps passes the "snake oil test" for export permission.
I suppose it's possible that the NZ Export Bureaucrats have
lightened up since Peter's last dealings with them,
but it's not likely.
========= From Peter Gutmann's web page
This policy has resulted in New
Zealand enjoying the dubious distinction of having the strictest export
controls on earth, with everything ranging from crypto hardware down to
software, library books, computer magazines, and journals being restricted
from export.  It's not even possible for a university to publish academic
research without prior permission from a government agency, and the
requirements for obtaining this permission are structured to ensure that can never be fulfilled.  You can find the information on:
  Bill Stewart, bill.stewart
PGP Fingerprint D454 E202 CBC8 40BF  3C85 B884 0ABE 4639

@_date: 1998-01-29 03:21:04
@_author: Jack Oswald 
@_subject: RE: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
It seems that there is some confusion WRT to the origin  of this product.  The encryption technology was developed in New Zealand.  The application itself was developed on the Isle of Man (British Isles).  As a result, the US gov't has had nothing to do with the product and therefore none of the "concerns" represented in the previous message have any merit.  What was meant by use of "honey" is that if you pick a fight with a government official, they will be happy to fight back.  If you complement them on their farsighted visionary non-meddling approach you get a very different response.  Our experience has been that we get a reasonable response from the NZ government that does not restrict the security that our products offer nor in the way that we choose to do business.
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Tuesday, January 27, 1998 4:02 PM
On "using honey not vinegar" rationale of RPK InvisiMail for
obtaining crypto export licenses:
Applied Cryptography, Bruce Schneier, 2nd Edition, pp. 215-16
Algorithms for Export
Algorithms for export out of the United States must be approved
by the U.S. government (actually, by the NSA--see Section 25.1)
It is widely believed that these export-approved algorithms can
be broken by the NSA. Although no one has admitted this on the
record, these are some of the things the NSA is rumored to privately
suggest to companies wishing to export their cryptographic products:
  - Leak a key bit once in a while, embedded in the ciphertext.
  - "Dumb down" the effective key to something in the 30-bit range.
  For example, while the algorithm might accept a 100-bit key, most
  of those keys might be equivalent.
  - Use a fixed IV, or encrypt a fixed header at the beginning of
  each encrypted message. This facilitates a known-plaintext attack.
  - Generate a few random bytes, encrypt them with the key, and then
  put both the plaintext and the ciphertext of those random bytes at
  the beginning of the encrypted message. This also facilitates a
  known-plaintext attack.
NSA gets a copy of the source code, but the algorithm's details remain
secret from everyone else. Certainly no one advertises any of these
deliberate weaknesses, but beware if you buy a U.S. encryption product
that has been approved for export.
Bruce added the last "beware" phrase to the 2nd edition.

@_date: 1998-07-27 18:35:04
@_author: Jack Oswald / CEO / RPK Security Inc 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK Encryptonite Software Toolkit Version 3.0 
You have received this message because at some time in the past your name was submitted to our e-mail mailing list database.  If you do not wish (or no longer wish) to receive announcements, updates and news concerning the RPK Encryptonite Engine or the RPK InvisiMail e-mail security products, please forward this message to remove

@_date: 1998-08-18 18:14:15
@_author: "Jack Oswald / CEO / RPK Security" 
@_subject: Announcement: INVISIMAIL INTERNATIONAL LTD. ANNOUNCES  RPK InvisiMail ENTERPRISE EDITION 
You have received this message because at some time in the past your name was submitted to our e-mail mailing list database.  If you do not wish (or no longer wish) to receive announcements, updates and news concerning the RPK Encryptonite Engine or the RPK InvisiMail e-mail security products, please forward this message to remove

@_date: 1998-08-20 23:18:44
@_author: "Jack Oswald / CEO / RPK Security" 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: RPK ENCRYPTONITE SOFTWARE TOOLKIT NOW AVAILABLE IN ACTIVEX 
You have received this message because at some time in the past your name was submitted to our e-mail mailing list database.  If you do not wish (or no longer wish) to receive announcements, updates and news concerning the RPK Encryptonite Engine or the RPK InvisiMail e-mail security products, please forward this message to remove

@_date: 1998-09-14 04:31:09
@_author: "Jack Oswald / CEO / RPK Security" 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: RPK InvisiMail NOW DISTRIBUTED THROUGH ONLINE RESELLERS 
You have received this message because at some time in the past your name was submitted to our e-mail mailing list database.  If you do not wish (or no longer wish) to receive announcements, updates and news concerning the RPK Encryptonite Engine or the RPK InvisiMail e-mail security products, please forward this message to remove

@_date: 1998-09-30 18:48:42
@_author: "Jack Oswald / CEO / RPK Security" 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: RPK SECURITY AWARDED PATENTS FOR ENCRYPTONITE ENGINE IN U.S. AND NEW ZEALAND 
You have received this message because at some time in the past your name was submitted to our e-mail mailing list database.  If you do not wish (or no longer wish) to receive announcements, updates and news concerning the RPK Encryptonite Engine or the RPK InvisiMail e-mail security products, please forward this message to remove
