
@_date: 1993-12-10 14:45:49
@_author: Jeffrey Wayne Porter 
@_subject: LPC for speech 
X-Mailer: ELM [version 2.4 PL22]
Content-Length: 948       Did you know that using LPC (linear predictive coding) on speech can
near-telephone quality at only 8 k BITs/second?  With a signficant
decrease in quality (but still very understandable... probably better
than radio) you can get the rate down to 2kbps.  If you don't mind
sounding like a speak&spell, you can go to 600bps or less.
Using LPC, you could send real-time voice over the
internet.  It would even work (maybe just barely) over a SLIP
connection.  According to my professor, LPC can be implemented
in a simple DSP chip, so I figure a 486 ought to be able to
handle it, too.  Sound like an interesting (granted maybe not
too useful) project?  It would be a way of providing secure
voice communications -- LPC code the speech, encrypt the data
stream, transmit via v.32bis modem, etc.

@_date: 1993-12-10 17:24:38
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: LPC for speech (fwd) 
haha...  Geez oh man I just had to laugh at that speak&spell comment... Yeah, those things had funky voices, but it was pretty darn good speech
synthesis for the time. (around 1982-3? I guess)  (It could say alot
more than my Apple IIe :)  But those things had software with little
bugs (or undocumented features) if you pressed combinations of keys at
the same time it would do weird things.  I kinda wish I still had some
of those things, so I could try reprogramming it to do interesting
stuff.  (Imagines scene in US customs office: "Crypto exports?  No, sir,
this isn't a secret cipher machine, just an old speak&spell!  Honest! You didn't think I was going to try to phone home with it or something
did you?" ;)  but I digress...
600bps is not realistic.  Most people can READ text faster than 600 bps
(okay it's a little above average, but not if you were skimming; to give
you a rough estimate, it's a little slower than reading one line per
second)  You just can't expect to cram all the intricacies and
inflections of speech into a 600bps channel and be understood.  But why
sacrifice quality when you can use a 14400bps modem?  They aren't all
too expensive these days.
Not too useful???  Sounds very useful to me.  If someone got this
working, it would be all we'd need to kill the clipper chip completely. Who would spend several hundred dollars for a "secure" phone when you
can do the same (or better) with a $50 sound card for your computer? (Well, some might need to upgrade their modems too, but it would be a
good idea to do that anyway.)  Home (or office) computer cryptophone =
no need for clipper.
loki wrote in response:
What kind of hardware will you be using?  486?  DSP?  or something 68xxx-based?
What additional hardware (sound cards) will be supported/required?
Will source be availiable?
