
@_date: 1995-12-01 17:52:33
@_author: and still are 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
With regard to all this waving about Netscape giving in to key scrow...
First one question, and then some considerations. The question:
- How much of Netscape stock is in the hands of Netscape? I mean in the hands
of the people that work in/for the Company? And how much is in outsiders whose
only interest is earning as much as possible?
That is, my friends, the key point. When Netscape began selling shares, and
before and after that, they were (and still are) widely criticized in this
I assume most cypherpunks didn't buy. I'd also bet many oportunists, did. And
I'd bet many activists thougth this was their chance to get a hold on the
development of Internet...
So, now we have that most of Netscape is owned by people that either don't
care but for money, or fundamental activists. And then, those people have to
take decisions.
And then they are faced with confronting their government who tells them what
to do if they don't want to have problems. And who probably offers some hidden
compensations to get their support (maybe tax reliefs?). And who menaces with
countermeasures if they don't agree.
Oh, they are also faced with lots of fundamentalistic priests who tell them
they'll go to hell if they don't give in. Or engage in a crusade against the
"evil" net.
What did you expect Netscape to do? The guys with the money and the control
won't face all the small shareholders and tell them they are going to be
"evil" against the gov. and the priests and the religious organizations,
and that they will face gov. restrictions, give up political and economic
advantages, etc.. to satisfy a bunch of cypher
punks that are continuously
complaining publicly against the company and don't even buy shares.
That's what I think that has happened. And I may be wrong. But there's a
lesson to learn: there is a lot of anti-crypto guys out there. Unknowledgeable
people, gul
lible persons, and fanatics who won't doubt doing anything to
get a total control of things. Either we try to educate them, make them
more knowledgeable and less gullible, or we fight back with our own companies
or buying more shares than them. Or both.
Sitting back and complaining won't help crypto, freedom or anything for that
matter at all.
That said, before blaming more on Netscape and asking a starting company
whose major aset is still shareholders instead of sales, we should think
better about the correct strategy.
Now, who's gonna offer some constructive ideas for a change?

@_date: 1996-01-21 04:36:05
@_author: mean? 
@_subject: Re: Win95 Registration Wizard info 
... reason one deleted ...
... rest of message deleted ...
I also found interesting the use of a debugger to break Microsoft's crypto.
When we speak about crypto, we do not only refer to algorithms, we must also
consider insiders, eavesdroppers, etc...
Well, this is a good example of a technique to break encrypted messages that
has proven useful and, what's more, has the support of the operating system.
A big mistake from Microsoft. And also in many other vendors. While not
interesting in many protocols, it is worthy in those where one of the parts
doesn't trust the other.
The point is that any non-trusted party can try a similar approach -using a
debugger- to gather information from within their computer (passwords, keys,
data...) unless there is some way to prevent it (like using a better approach
or protocol).
It's silly to send text in the clear through an insecure channel. So it is
to store passwords in the clear in world-readable files. Or to keep data in
memory which can be paged to disk...
The article comes to point out that it is also as silly to store cleartext
in any program memory that can be accessed/traced/dissected by an untrusted
user. And that Microsoft obviously choose again a too weak (mean?) approach to
secure their data.
I wonder now wether one could still rely on Microsoft to provide a reasonable
Crypto API as they are bragging lately...

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:36:10
@_author: fromn German Banking 
@_subject: Re: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
speed of light is 300.000 Km/s. That means that light takes around
1 ms. to cover 300 Km. If you use a satellite, antenna, whatever
to broadcast a timing signal, the accuracy will depend on when
do you receive it, and that in turn on your distance from the
old (and thousands of microsenconds and millions of nanoseconds). We are
so used to think of TV, whatever as an instantaneous broadcast medium
that we forget that there are speed limits in the Universe. And you
can't exceed them by just paying a ticket.
light to transfer the information and using the shortest path. In
reality most waves won't travel as fast in the air, and will depend
on atmospheric circumstances.
you're in a 300 meter radius, or milliseconds on a 300 Km. And possibly
nanoseconds at 0.3 m.
between centimeters to a few Km depending on the timing you want) your
position. And depending on the media you use, possibly the atmospheric
conditions in between the emisor and your receptor.
trust the *signal* your receptor receives? How do you know no one is
interferring it or sending an inaccurate or false one?
You'd wantthe signal not to be tamperable or at least to be able to
detect when it has been tampered.
you may not trust (say a private TV channel, radio or satellite). So
you may want to have several sources, and to be able to verify that
the signals you receive all come from their respective sources.
wouldn't expect changes in public sources used by sensible systems
since those could not pass unnoticed and might raise big protests.
But you still have the MITM attack to consider...

@_date: 1996-03-21 01:39:06
@_author: not much needed 
@_subject: Re: Keep the pressure! Cryptographers Against Cryptography EXPOSED! 
seriously, that paranoia of yours may get worst and now it may still
be time to cure it.
a President or something similar. Or at least, use your scarce brains
to think a bit (not much needed) to realize that even if these people
were of such conspiratorial taste they do have the same right to
express their opinions and wants as you do.
denying others any right to express themselves? Aren't you stablishing
as "me/us" vs. "THEM" where you mistify that "THEM"? Shouldn't you
consider if you're not going too far and really need medical assistance?
to follow advice of a possibly paranoid, ill, mental patient, consider
seriously if you are not really hurting yourselves.
dementia and begin pursuing the very people that is actually supporting
cryptography, developing the crypto field and fighting for crypto rights.
and don't let anyone tell you what to do. Least of all "anonymous"

@_date: 1996-03-30 19:53:06
@_author: and debugged 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD UpDate 
use is not just having access to the latest executables, but to have access
to trusted source code. Just as it is nice to have Appl. Crypt. disk, it
is -for me- to have sources for many interesting things around. I can then
study any of them, pick a piece, get whatever at any moment without having
to surf the net.
the 1st Ed. and the code I had in my CDs I could very well manage with
most things, protocols, algorithms... Of course, the version of Crypto++
I have there is outdated now, but the algorithms are still valid, and
I still have much more algorithms there than the current version has, and
I can always plug in or adapt a new one should I need to.
need them, but when I don't, it's easier for me to go to my CD (but I
have it always at hand over my desk).
the authors of such CD. Of course I trust myself and I had already reviewed
most of the code I stored -or verified it somehow- and so my CD is good
for me. But a good crypto "aficionado" should seriously consider whether
to trust any executables (hell, any net-aficionado should think the same
about Java applets, but that's another story).
code to work with or to analyze. Or at least those savvy enough to use
a compiler and possibly study source code. Unless someone stands behind
the CD to assert its truthfulness.
a lot of intermediate people putting up together a CD-ROM? For that sake,
and considering the costs of storage and removable storage media, I'd
bet many people would find more useful to download their copies from
the net (even once a year only) as I did.
help raise concern and access to cryptography to the average user. In this
case, many crypto programs, shells and so would be bundled with samples and
say, exercises, for average people to play with. Well done, many teens
would play with it, and possibly many serious users. A good documentation
set explaining in plain terms what each package does, its good and bad
points, and comparing it with similar packages both for the savvy and
the merely curious would round up the bundle.
(PCworld for example)and many kids playing "spy vs. spy" with their
friends, trying simple algorithms and corresponding cracking programs,
discovering which are best and which ar not... And possibly serious
adults studying the reports and playing too, cracking their WP files,
discovering how good PKZIP crypto is, and moving on to PGP and other
systems... Descriptive plays for mimicking simple protocols and attacks
with real world roll games and then with the computer. All guided by a nice tutorial with references to more technical reports for the interested. Maybe with several levels of explanations up to real crypto stuff and source code.
the additional stuff, together with compiling for several platforms, and
rearranging information for a rational organization (not just a mirror)
is quite a *lot* of work.

@_date: 1996-03-29 20:29:38
@_author: if I hadn't it already 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD 
publishing, although I thought of that at the time. It was mainly to
be able to move with me all my data when I switched positions.
FTP crypto sites in full (ya know, the italian, australian, english, pgp,
etc... places). It was well over your "50 megs". And I would find that pretty more useful (if I hadn't it already). :-)
packages first, when I didn't know if I would have enough sapce in the
few CDs I had to burn in the few days I had left. I seem to remember that
wasn't as big and maybe in the range that you mentioned. But it was compressed, and hence its usefulnes now is somewhat less since I have to
expand everything if I want to get it. I was filling the CDs with other
"important to me" stuff, and wanted to save space, but having the space
available I don't see any reason not to expand the material.
from duplications, rearranged rationally (I have it just in the original
hierarchies) and all expanded for direct access.
few popular platforms (Mac, PC, Linux and FreeBSD come to mind), I'd bet
that you'd get a far greater amount of space.
It might do for a very nice cypherpunk project. Although, there still
remains the "trustfulness" of the product: how can the final user know
that the sources, executables, key databases, etc... have not been
tampered with? From the original archives one has the truth one poses on them, but from a copy, one needs to trust the copier. And if it became
a multi-person project, all the people involved...
probing now invaluable to me.

@_date: 1996-04-01 06:23:17
@_author: they are already doing so when downloading java applets 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD UpDate 
can put PGP digitally signed by prz, but not all packages will be
available signed from their authours, especially compiled for various
(they are already doing so when downloading java applets). And it would
do a great work to spread knowledge about cryptography. Which is a
Good Thing.
general public will require quite some work, and the 'connoisseurs'
might either do as Tim (only use the net) or just make their own
mass-store, removable, thingies. Stil I'd bet many people will be
eager to get a mirror of the major sites on CD.

@_date: 1996-04-01 06:00:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Crypto CD UpDate 
current needs. And it's a great work you've done.
want or expect in a "good" library: simple, extraneous, old, maybe
breakable algorithms, things no longer useful... they make a great
material for studying and learning, and sometimes to demonstrate
some colleagues how simple some approaches are. These materials,
that I wouldn't use in a decent application are still usefull for
me from time to time, and are nice to have at hand.
Crypto++ less someone use them confident that if they are there,
they must necessarily be good, although they might be useful for
learning purposes.
to add, I'll let you know, or even contribute it myself.

@_date: 1996-07-09 20:25:56
@_author: a single mother, as this is California 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
"Perry E. Metzger"  says:
 >> >>
 >> >> When the mother (a single mother, as this is California) drops her son off
 >> >> with my friend (also single, of course), she includes several "Ritalin"
 >> >> capsules with instructions on how to dose her son with this
 >> >> depressant/behavior modification drug.
 >> >
 >> >Er... Tim... Ritalin is an amphetamine.
 >>  >> Whatever. It acts as a calmant/tranquilizer/depressant on many.
 >
 >Only those who have ADD, which you claim doesn't exist.
 >
 >> (As with many drugs, there are apparently paradoxical effects. Alcohol is a
 >> downer for some, and upper for others.)
 >
 >Alcohol is a CNS depressant for all. Lowering inhibitions tends to
 >make people relax and "party", but it doesn't have particularly
 >paradoxical effects.
 >
 >.pm
 >
 	Sorry, but that's wrong. There must be some understanding of what's
 actually going on. Brain is not just a simple linear device. It's complex.
 And that goes to Tim's original point:
 	Society is made by humans with brains that are complex but which
 try to use simple models to understand reality. Let me show with
 your own example.  	Alcohol *is* a depressant. But it doesn't act equally on all the
 CNS. It acts faster on one part of it whose role is to depress all the
 rest of the CNS. So, first alcohol depresses a depressor and therefore
 acts as a stimulant. If you maintain your levels of alcohol there the
 rest of your brain will be above its threshold and keep stimulated. Only
 if you pass that threshold the rest of the brain will be depressed.
 	That's what alcohol drinking cultures like mine call "knowing how to
 drink". But then we don't know about taking cocaine (like some centroamerican
 cultures do) for instance.
 	Same happens when you take other drugs (in their own context). It's
 only when you simplify or make a generalization that it gets dangerous. And
 same goes for society.
 	If you have a society that teachs people how to drink you'll have
 less problems than one that doesn't. Or that teachs how to eat coca leaves
 avoiding the pure drug. Or that teaches you that curare is OK eaten -as it
 is- but letal in the blood (which allows survival for many tribes).
 	That's were Tim's argument comes into cypherpunkish arena. If you
 teach people that it is easier to calm down hyperactive people, or solve
 all problems by increasing mind control and surveillance you can't
 complain of a police state. OTOH if you can teach people were to stop
 (as with alcohol) and that simple models just don't work you'll be on
 the road to a better system.
 	I agree there is people that can benefit from drugs. But being a
 MD PhD myself too, I also know that the amount that really needs them is
 a minuscule proportion. Most times it is just a convenience for doctors,
 family, fathers or society. Though good doctors agree it would be better
 if they could avoid the drugs at all in most cases of mental disease.
 	Same happens with surveillance: we benefit from some control to
 stop those few, exceptional, deep criminals that are better stopped in advance,
 but we don't really need as much as we have. There are better solutions,
 but it's far more convenient for power-holders to increase surveillance
 than to really address the underlying problems.
 	But, IMHO, as long as we keep allowing many people to use simple
 and "convenience" models to quickly fix symptomps instead of addressing
 the real problem (like, e.g. making a greater effort in the education of
 their children), we are stating the basis for a future, more restrictive,
 controlling and "convenience" system.
 	We need both, to educate people on a more responsible course of
 action, and develop tools to stop or make more difficult or less
 convenient the easy and fast solution of increasing surveillance instead
 of addressing the underlying problem. And that's where cryptography comes
 to help equate the balance and increases presure on power-holders into
 worrying more by decreasing the convenience of surveillance.
 	That is, all in my most very humble opinion.
 				jr

@_date: 1996-07-09 21:38:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
hell do you think we need doctors? And antibiotics beyond penicillin?
Just because too many damn schmuck take it for almost anything, and
have been creating resistences giving the rest of us worst, resisting
diseases that were originally easy to treat and are now letal.
under the sun, but that one shouldn't allow it to extend beyond reasonable
ground or look upon it as some magic solution to everything.
used it because only a few guys needed it. But when we talk about allowing
the government to impose a crypto policy that will allow them to have
more power than needed, we are stating the basis for future, worst
diet. Even insulin dependant ones can make dietary excesses from time to
time if they know how to. Giving those who don't need it insulin or
forbidding the occasional party to those who depend on insulin -as has
been done by doctor for years- is teaching people to depend on "doctor's
control magic" or "drug control magic".
encouraging people to believe doctors won't make mistakes. It's as bad to
let people believe that strong crypto for them will solve their problems
as encouraging them to believe that they should leave all crypto control
on the government's hands because they won't make mistakes or abuses.
we also need to teach people when and how to use it, what its pros and
cons are, and form people into a more conscious use of technology and
not to believe in crypto- drug- or technology-magic at all.

@_date: 1996-07-09 21:26:56
@_author: indirectly 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
"Perry E. Metzger"  says:
 ...   ... 'fraid not. ADD has an organic cause, and can be detected
with reproduceable biological tests.
do actually need it, and that it is worst for them as well as for the
rest of us (indirectly). And I don't think there's any point in
denying there is a strong and widespread abuse of "easy solutions"
(like government mandated key scrow for instance).
it is worst for the vast majority of them. A cold is produced by viruses
on which no antibiotic is effective. But they kill their natural baterial
barrier, making them more prone to a serious disease. And they select
AB-resistant bacteria which will spread to other innocent people later.
*I* am ENTITLED to tell them not to kill *ME* by selecting resistant
microorganisms when they take antibiotics they shouldn't. For *I* will
have to stand those myself later. I don't tell them what's good for them.
I do tell them what's BAD for ME.
I am to expect they not to in my presence and to respect my health if I
politely ask them so.
am entitled to expect no one will force me into using one that will be
worst for me in the long run. And would rather prefer if people knew what they do and the extent on which they can rely on crypto when they
use it.

@_date: 1996-07-09 21:34:55
@_author: there are always some exceptions 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Hey Perry,
(there are always some exceptions) will deny the existence of disease. And
while Tim may not be a great doctor and even totally wrong in the case he
stated, the original point was not to discuss a specific medical case.
esceptical on the statistics. But there is no point in denying that it
is far easier in most cases to fix the symptoms than actually solve the
problem. Not that I say doctors do. God forbids.
a mental control society. And there's no point in denying that it is far
easier for most societies to have full mental control of their subjects
(to which technology aids) than to fix the big social problems.
Not to consult him, but to stay with her or him for a while and see what
patients demand and how well educated is our society into looking deep to
the problems instead of taking shortcuts. My experience as MD before I
switched to computing was very illustrating. Long ago, granted, but
interesting indeed.

@_date: 1996-07-10 01:45:01
@_author: whateverI don't like 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
anything at all. Second, there's no way to know what would have happened.
Third, there's what they themselves said.
*my* office. And you should have seen it when I could devote myself to
interesting things instead of XXXX(whateverI don't like) crap.
couldn't stand half of my professors in class, though I would perfectly
listen to the same subject with other people. I don't know about you and
don't pretend to tell you anything. But there are lots of cases in which
the problem is *on the other side* (society, teachers, work, parents,
priests, erroneous expectatives). I wonder how can we know from the
external manifestations that those people were ADD and not just brilliant
guys with dull teachers.
would have been perfect, quiet and compliant citizens, concentrated on
what the power-that-be asked them to do. Think of Einstein happily working
for Hitler, not worried about other themes (like ethical implications for
giving equal opportunities to less-good workers or allowing one to attempt
many projects lest one succeeds and changes the stablishment! Let's make
everyone into a uniform clone, and those who can't be made -say Down
syndrome people- be exterminated. Let's enterprising people be forced
into non-creative jobs, and if they don't like, be given drugs.
spend too much time at work reading cypherpunks or worrying about politics
(which is not their job) and control them. Let's tap all their conversa-
tions and force them to fit our idea of a uniform world of mediocre wits
who just work perfectly in what we tell them and never question anything.
allowed to do such great discoveries and destroy the grounds of their
societies under the society we are heading to.
flat and the Center of the Universe. That Galileo guy is obviously sick. Let's calm him down with some drugs so he can concentrate on Theology as it should well be"...
society to make it evolve.

@_date: 1996-07-10 09:31:26
@_author: or what crypto we use 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
has right over his/her own life up to decide to suicide. And so it is not
ilegal here.
lifes. I do care though, and if I can help I'll do my best. That's why I
studied Medicine in the first place. awareness, overcome their limitations and get better. That's why I defend
defensive use of crypto against technological mind-control. I still won't
force anyone into using this or that algorithm or taking this or that
not able to decide by him/herself. If I were to make a blood transfusion
to someone refusing it on religious grounds I wouldn't be much different
from the gov't imposing some crypto scheme on the basis of its own moral
grounds. Is it that what you are proposing?
who can't tell me at all his/her religious beliefs. Not to say I wouldn't
'cos I'd. But I don't think goverments can say we are not able to express
our preferences, do they?
suicide, even do my best. But in the end it's their choice. Just the same
I believe the gov't can try to convince us, but it should be in the end
our choice to chose how we live (or what crypto we use).
terrorism and go to its suicide we should give the government total

@_date: 1996-07-10 20:39:34
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
it doesn't affect mine. When someone smokes besides me and I have to breath
the smoke, s/he's affecting my health. When someone takes antibiotics s/he
doesn't need and selects resistant bacteria, that affects me. When someone
forces me into doing something, that affects me.
being a busybody, I guess I am. Sorry if that upsets you.

@_date: 1996-07-10 21:25:41
@_author: we 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
alienates them than contributing to support it? Seems to me that's
shooting their own foot.
motivations, personalities, pressures, etc... and thet it's perfectly
natural that one prefers to integrate in the whole than to be an alienate.
system that the powers-that-be are imposing? Why do we not give up at all
and let others make the system? I'd say that some level of inconformism
still remains, from which I congratule.
tomorrow's (and this one too). I agree with Perry, it's each one's choice
how to live his/her life, but we all are contributing to how every other
will be able to live, and we shouldn't forget that.

@_date: 1996-07-29 20:50:15
@_author: in from highest to lowest priority 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- CLARIFICATION 
cases, when there are rounds left, it may be worth playing against your
interests if that will yield later a higher benefit.
else as long as goal stands over goal and there is enough people to
stablish uncertainty of behaviour.
things being equal,  should theoretically vote for him since
they know they can't win as long as there's a in his interest to vote 'no'. If  dies, then he may get a chance, because
 is in his same position and might do the same in the other rounds. Yes,
you can follow it backwards and discover that goal  above then should
take precedence. Should it?
among them then that's the end of it.  gets all. But if they can, there's another side:
proposals, then you can always play 'unfair' or 'against you' until the
proposal that's better for you comes. Say  speaks to  and agrees to
propose that he'll get some money too. Restriction  above takes
precedence and proposer  knows he'll get  vote as long as he makes
that proposal. It is in  interest to vote against  "all for me" in the first round since that way he'll get some money on  proposal.
can provide a proposal making happier most of the people will win...
If they can't cheat their vote that's the end of it. Then comes another
point in place. Can they cheat?
money, other than  risks his life for others can agree into a better
split. But OTOH,  and  know that they can agree on something better
than  proposal of he getting all. If  cheats,  can agree with
 to split even and  is dead. If  doesn't cheat. then  has
two chices:
all for  so he shoudl vote for  proposal.
 can also cheat and ask for all money. But then he risks  and  agreeing on voting against him. So  must offer something to  and it
must be enough for  not wanting to take the risk of  cheating too.
interested in everybody else being dead, and  in anyone giving him
anything. Anyone who gives anything to  will get his vote. Anyone not
giving anything to  risks  voting for someone else on the hope he'll
get something on the next proposal. And everyone needs an agreement with
 to keep his life.
ensure  and  won't agree because his offer is safer than the risks
involved for  Work backwards.
every point you are interested in not dying. As you reach the end if you
make an agreement and cheat you have less risk (there are less possibilities
for new agreements), but if you have gone to that, it's because more and
more people have cheated before, and confidence will be low. So you are
more interested in not cheating to keep your life.
even splits to ensure a maximum of votes. As people makes arrangements and
c'punks dies, confidence and credibility on agreements in advance will
fail, so the risk for the latests increases too...
assume they are not gullible, you'll vote for the first proposal of an
even split to save your life. If they are, then you can play against
while there remains gullible people, but then you know your cheating is
your dead (except for  and  and you risk less by going even.
against himself if that will yield later a higher benefit. But that
comes at a cost in credibility, and the more you use it, the less useful
it becomes.
reputation breaks and it is in everyone else's interest to play against
you. That's the ancient concept of honor. On a less-exceptic or more
tolerant environment you may have a few goes before getting people
absolutely exceptical again. The number of goes will depend on their
tolerance level.
After that everyone will know that a non-even split proposal will take out your life. Where the border comes is a matter of circumstances.
