
@_date: 1995-12-01 03:59:20
@_author: anY 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
"public" interest, specially where "public" is a local (as big as local
to US may be) interest in a global economy.
reflects on further reticences by crypto-interested people to get involved
and opens more field to crypto-unaware or uninterested people to gain
control of the company.
offered. Tax reliefs was just a suggestion. What about saying "hey
guys, if you comply with our demands we'll set Netscape as the standard
browser for the administration. If you don't you won't sell a copy".
In any case, the point is that a Government (anY) can make strong pressure,
specially one as big as USA's Gov. And facing it is a risky position.
pushes hard, and it is an important customer, it is in their interest
to satisfy them. As long as anyone else wants to follow the Gov. it is
also good for them to follow those lines, and to be the firsts ones.
your technologies, they'll move to other providers. It is better for
you to pay hommage to the Gov. requests and get to overseas markets
faster and sooner than anyone else.
"to XXX". It could work if it is only Netscape... But as soon as anyone
else gives in (e.g. Microsoft) it will become a burden. It's much better
IMHO to ask "say yes to privacy". It's much better to say "this page is
optimized for good safety and may not be reliable under non-crypto
browsers -e.g. Netscape-" than saying "your browser is bad". Which
BTW, may be OK in the USA, but is not in other places. Belgium comes
to mind for forbidding negative advertising. And surely others. denying access to Netscape users), or unpracticable (like saying "Mozilla
is not the best thing" in some places), or unrealistic (like saying "quit
your job"), or plain silly.
angry with Netscape. They'll be angry with you. We need people on our
side. That's basic psicology. I'd go for more pages explaining what
crypto is and can do for Joe Random.
whatever". How many people is offering an alternate safe crypto service and making it interesting and desirable for Joe Random? And making it well known? I'd say that not enough. crypto method, and make it popular, people will demand it. If you just
add a note saying you use that crypto 'cos Government-enforced crypto is
not good enough, people will feel happy and will learn.
or problems. Have a look at TV ads. How many of them say "Don't use
that stuff, it's shit" instead of "Use my stuff, it's better".
a better alternative. Not just a storm of complains or "bad karma".
I have found lots of people saying "I won't support Netscape", "I will
say no", "I will deny access to Netscape", "I'll add a complain to my
page", "Jim should retract", "Netscape should go back", "Netscape better
changes its money-making policy and becomes a political activist", "This or that guy must quit job"...
that the main goal of a company is to make money instead of defending public
freedom (which indeed is bad for business), and start promoting better (or
not) alternatives.
on which I don't coment since I agree and have little to add to.

@_date: 1995-12-04 07:21:26
@_author: sic 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
Black Unicorn  wrote
about how nice pages look than their security. Mostly because there is
comparatively little interest yet. That's the whole issue: a company that
is aware of that and wants to be the first at occupying the market will
give security a second priority level -as most users do-. Look e.g. at
any OS and how secure it is...
the market and most companies -Netscape among them-.
this broohaha about whether this or that guy is evil because s/he does/
doesn't hold with some principles/ends.
side's point of view, so as to be able to develop coherent strategies that
have never stated-, you can't forget that not everybody holds to your
same ethics or needs to.
Random doesn't care, then it doesn't matter too much what you or me
can say. Nor would it be correct that we imposed our view to the
majority of Joes.
the position of anyone, I'm sorry. It may sicken me too, but I don't
think that only will change how things are (sic).
that's how humans are.
countries you could sue them, but you could not *say* they are bad.
Odd, isn't it? But so it is.
there are some, then market forces will drive everything to our side.
Just by making people angry we won't gain much.
you assume any company has to be bounded by any cypherpunkish ideas,
which in addition hurt their business, then you are not addressing the
real problem.
window. It's the domain of the common man. If the common man doesn't hold
with the opinions of the educated man, then the educated man has nothing
to do.
express my opinion that educating the common man is more effective.
Netscape. All I want is energies derived into effective courses.
tell anybody to take his/her opinions anywhere else. I'm only exposing what
my opinion is on how cryptography should be promoted and what is the
-in my humble opinion- best course of action.
respect for those "Joe Random"s than you do. And even if they are so, I
prefer to take them into adulthood rather than keeping crypto priesthood
to myself and pontificing them what they should do relying on me.

@_date: 1995-12-05 06:04:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
SMTP%"unicorn  4-DEC-1995 23:35:15.06 writes
... many cuts all along to save bandwidth ...
stop making silly associations. What I do to defend my opinions it to try
and get more people involved in the subject, explain the problems in terms
they can understand, discuss with them about possible solutions (sometimes
they have better ideas than me) and try to promote an effective course of
action. And in any case that's *my* business.
be of any direct consequence to you. And since I have nothing to do with
any commercial company -hey I don't even use Netscape- it has no relationship
whatsoever with Netscape or any other company.
experience people is more cooperative when they see better solutions than
just making a boicott and renouncing to use things they like. So, I'll keep on explaining what crypto can do for them and how easy it is to be
taken advantage of. And how easy it is for them to press and get what they
our your privy. It's sad you don't know better, but if you look around
carefully you'll discover that many of the proposed actions are not feasible
in many places. Just go out of your shell.

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:45:16
@_author: Volt Comp 
@_subject: RE: Random Number Generators 
The main problem I see on these sources is not their ramdomness, which, in
some instances may be not so good as one would expect, but their subscep-
tibility to tampering.
First, randomness: for radiactivity counters, decay is a log function of
time. This could be used to reduce keyspace search. Second, radiactivity
can be quenched. If you are measuring background levels, then you are
exposed to external influences too: to be extreme, one can expect your
counter to go mad after an atomic explosion in the neighborhood. This
reduces randomness and keyspace.
Second, tampering: the atomic bomb explosion is a good example: it is
possible to produce an external source of radiactivity and influence
your detector. Unless you measure alpha particles from a radioactive
source of yours... And even then, you'll have to buy your source...
From whom? Just imagine a spy porting a radiating gun and pointing it
to your detector.
Also, the technology used is normally electromagnetical. One could think
of a method to storm a detector with a em field... thus reducing randomness.
The point is: since you don't notice these fields or radiations, you are
prone to fall in the trap: one gets used to rely on the technology 'cos
it always works, and when the day comes since you don't notice anything unusual
you don't suspect anything wrong. Your detector may be overloaded and only
outputs zeros for a while and you won't notice anything wrong.
something of which you have full control. Either a RNG function or something
that can not be tampered without you noticing. It would be very difficult
to produce big changes in temperature without you noticing... Though still
you are left with electromagnetic interferences on the detector.
control or b) nobody can control/interfere/mimic in any way.
from the outside is not reliable. This means you need something that's
totally inside and controlable. It should be fairly random, and not able to
be influenced from the outside. And possibly originate its own electrical
current which is not dependable on external influences of any type. Specially
electrical/radiation influences. It should be easy to monitor and difficult
to tamper with temporarily (so that tampering could pass unnoticed).
chemical products into random electrical data. Biological sources are
very difficult to influence rapidly (other than by death which is
irreversible), they can't be switched on/off, their range of values is
always bounded to physiological limits (i.e. the only way to "overload"
them is by killing them or some other drastical and evident measure), have
normally a strong resilience to external influences, and as long as you
can keep an eye on them, you can remain sure they are alive and not horribly sick. And finally, if you are the source, then you have the highest availability possible and the fullest control.
fish as it swims. Or changes in conductivity of some plant/animal tissues. Or
have a culture of electrical microorganisms. Or just use your own
electroencephalogram with the appropriate corrections to remove waves.
There are also some biological processes whose production is intrinsically
random. Things like some biochemical cycles, or some muscle movements.
It's all a matter of finding the best one(s) according to randomness and
ease of measure. And you can always combine several sources.
of different biological processes, their predictability and to which
extent they can be influenced. The technology to measure most of them
is already well developed and highly reliable. It's all a matter of
adapting it to a new use.

@_date: 1996-10-09 01:45:45
@_author: 32+32 
@_subject: RE: crypto cd once more 
names. If you couple it with ISO9660 youget both worlds.
I created my personal Crypto-CD a year ago. You tell the program to use
Rock Ridge and convert all names to 8+3. That gives you a double directory
hierarchy, one that's compatible with everything (8+3) plus one that
allows long names (RR).
the disk with random noise from a good source? Some people could find it useful
even if it is only for trial/test purposes.
