
@_date: 1994-06-18 10:43:10
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  totally secure email? 
Get teh unix program "procmail", source available on any comp.sources.misc archive, or, probably, at ftp.informatik.rwth-aachen.de /pub/unix/procmail.tar.Z.
This program lets you do things like sort your mail into different mailboxes
as soon as it comes in. It's also really easy to use it as a hook for
other programs or shell scripts to operate on mail as soon as it comes
in. It shouldn't be very hard to do what you want, but there are a couple
of things to be aware of here:
1) Your sysadmin can assuredly get around this too if he wants, and get
at your mail even before procmail does. As a general rule of thumb, the
sysadmin can do anything. But getting aroudn this would definitely be more
dificult then simply reading your /spool/mail file. 2) You obviously don't want to leave your private key in your unix
account, as the sysadmin could just use it to decrypt all your mail
and read it. Obvious of course, but sometimes it's easy to overlook the
Of course the best solution would be to have your correspondents send you
PGP encrypted mail, but I guess the best solution isn't always available.

@_date: 1994-06-18 11:04:50
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  O(f(x)) 
Well, close anyway. Okay, here's straight out of my Discrete math textbook:
"A useful way to check whether f [is a member of] O(g), is to look
at the limit:
Lim(as n->infinity)  (f(n)/g(n))
In other words, we look at the _asymptotic_ behavior of f and g. If this
limit exists (in practice it usually does) and is a finite number (possibly
0), we can conclude taht f [is a member of] O(g). If this limit is
infinity, then f [is not a member of] O9g). For example,
7n**3 + 100n -3 [is a member of] O(n**3), because the limit of the
ratio of these functions, as n->infinity, is the finite number 7. In fact,
if the limit is a _nonzero_ number, as in this case, then O(f)=O(g).
Okay, end of the quote. What all this stuff is used for is just comparing
the running time of different algorithms. If you've got an algorithm whose
running time varies with size of input n, according to the function
7n**3 + 100n -3, then this is _basically_ the same as if it varied according to n**3. Now, according to the definition of "big -oh notation
", which is what this is called, we could also say that function
was an element of O(n**4), or O(n**20), or even O(3**n). So what
big-oh notation really means is that function f is basically the same
as, or better then, function g. But in practice we pick the "quickest"
simple function g. So we call the functions (5n**4 + 4) (32n**4 +43n)
and (n**4 +n**3 +n**2) elements of O(n**4). Which means that algorithms
whose running times were described by those functions are all
about the same speed, and are all about the same speed as n**4 too.
Furthermore, any function which is O(n**k) for any k, is called _polynomial_.
A polynomial algorithm is slow. Better is one which is an element of
O(n log(n)), or even O(n), which is called _linear_.
There ends the lesson. :)

@_date: 1994-06-19 00:09:13
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Having your own computer means never having.... 
If the bozo has write-priveledges to everything in the office, sounds
like a problem with or without encryption. Or were you just suggesting
that he was going to encrypt it all and mail it to a competitor?
This too seems to be a problem with or without encryption; he can just copy
to floppy and snailmail to a competitor. Same with industrial espionage of
just about any kind; sure it makes it _easier_ for the hypothetical
spy to do his dirty work, but it doesn't actually enable him to do anything
fundamentally different then he could before.
I can't think of any real security risks introduced by allowing employees
the use of encryption, that weren't present already. Certainly none
mentioned thus far fit the bill. Obviously properly used encryption can enable the corporation to keep
info in the "hands", of only those people who are supposed to have it, actually. Although of course I'm not accusing you of suggesting that corporations
shouldn't have access to good cryptology; you probably wouldn't be on the list if you thought that. I'm not completely sure how different it is
to say that individuals give up their right to good cryptology upon
being employed by a corporation, however.

@_date: 1994-06-19 12:56:36
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Anonymous Mailing list? 
Has anyone tried to write some mailing list software that uses
PGP-anon-remailers to implement a double-blind anon system?
It wouldn't be very dificult to have a mailing list people contributed
to using a remailer with a encryted address-block, so no one knew
the actual address of the mailing list. Or more significantly, the
mailing list, instead of keeping a list of addresses, could keep a list
of encrypted address-blocks, and the proper remailer to send them to, so
the list maintainer doesn't know the real address of anyone on the list.
This is intriguing to me because it seems to solve the problem of a "secret" organization's security. The members of this mailing list don't
need to trust anyone else on the list not to reveal their identity; no
one can reveal anyone elses identity even if they wanted to. Assuming
the security of the encryption (which of course can't be assumed; anyone
with a sufficiently powerful comptuer and sufficient time to spend can
surely break PGP, but anyway...), this mailing list would seem to be
pretty much 100% secure. It would also seem desirable to have the mailing list software keep a record
of all it's members public keys as well, and send out posts encrypted. As well as perhaps check signatures of incoming messages so that only
legitimate list-members could contribute to it. I've been thinking of trying to write such software, perhaps by working with
the procmail program from comp.sources.misc, whcih can be used to implement
a standard mailing list. But has this already been done? It seems like such
an obvious idea, that it's hard to believe no one has thought of it first,
but I haven't heard of anything so far. Comments?

@_date: 1994-06-20 08:14:05
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  MAIL: anon mailing list 
Hmm. I'd think that if the list address were an encrypted remailer
path with several hops, it would be non-trivial to find the contact
point by external observation. Would it even be possible?
Regretably, probably so.
An additional layer of security could be having the list address underneath
all of the encrypted remailer stuff be an anon address at the server
in Finland.  Although it's probably quite easy to to determine your
true address by external observation of anon.penet.fi, unfortunately.
Still, the combination of chained encrypted remailer paths, and the
finnish anon server would definitely make it dificult to determine
the contact point. But I guess not as dificult as I had hoped.
Yeah, quite true. It would be impractical for a very large list. At least, if you wanted a list with more then maybe 70 members, you'd
need to dedicate some machine to it, probably. Although maybe not; I don't
want to concede that until it's actually tried to see how much proccesing
power is required in practice. :)
And yeah, it would take users who were actually committed to doing it,
as most users of _this_ list (including me), don't even sign their messages, as you point out. If we won't even sign our messages, then I don't
know who is going to be willing to sign, encrypt, append remailer path, to it. Although I guess if the list required it, as it would, then people
might join the list and do the stuff, just for the principle of it. And automated shell scripts certainly help. You could have an automated shell
script particularly for the mailing list that took cleartext, encrypted it
to the list, signed it, appended the remailer stuff to the front, and sent
it off to the proper remailer.

@_date: 1994-06-23 18:33:31
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Get U.S. Representatives to use PGP? 
I just saw a press release somewhere or other on the net which stated
that a number of U.S. Representatives now have email addresses Among other things, the release stated:
What if we could get the Reps to use PGP to solve this problem?
Sure, they _should_ be using clipper chip, to respect the Administration
and all. But the fact is, they couldn't realistically use clipper now,
even if they wanted to. No one else uses it. On the other hand, lots
of people use PGP. PGP is fully legal now, so the Reps can use it if they want to. Maybe we should write up some form letter proseletyzing PGP and send it
to all online Representatives? If we could get even one or two to use it,
it would be major major pro-PGP publicity. It would also be a major
embaressment to Clipper-supporters (ie. the Administration), but we definitely
don't want to mention this in our form letter, as I doubt few Reps want
to blatantly embaress the administration like that. But the fact is, PGP
really _is_ a de facto standard, which is why teh Reps would use it instead
of clipper, and furthermore if we can "trick" (maybe too harsh a word)
a Rep or two into using it, it will just prove the standardness of PGP.
What do you think?
It looks like we'd have to snailmail the form letter to them all if we did
it, as their email will only accept stuff from constituents who have
pre-registered their email address by snailmail so as to prove their

@_date: 1994-06-28 12:53:23
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: NSA and competence 
What big mistakes? The Clipper error is a relatively small mistake.
Sure, there's a loophole that allows someone with the neccesary
will and knowledge to clipper-encrypt things in such a way that the
government can't decrypt them. But I believe the NSA when they say they
knew about this, but didn't care. Because it makes sense. The NSA
knows that anyone with the neccesary knowledge to exercise this loophole
_surely_ knows about other non-clipper encryption methods too. Any terrorist who knows enough about encryption to know how to exercise the
loophole (which will be any terrorist at all pretty soon) will surely know
enough to encrypt with PGP underneath clipper anyway. So what difference
does it make to the NSA? Sure, clipper might be a bit harder for the NSA
to crack then RSA/IDEA, but appearantly not enough to justify NSA-concern.
This just re-emphasizes that the NSA isn't _really_ worried about terrorists
and drug dealers and such. I mean, they're worried, but that's not the
worry that motivates clipper. Because clipper wont' be any good against terrorists and drug dealers as long as alternate encryption is legal.
They are worried about non-escrowed encryption becoming a _standard_, for
the Average Joe. The Average Joe, while he might use PGP in a clipper-free
world, proably isnt' going to use it if his mail is protected by clipper already. And he sure isn't going to exercise the clipper
loophole. IMHO, the NSA obviously spends enough effort spying on the
Average Joe to justify clipper for these reasons. Because they can't
be blind enough to think that Clipper is going to be any use at all
against those who care.  The fact that they are unconcerned about this loophole seems to justify that.
As for "not seeing the economic relationships", they just don't care.
The export restrictions have one purpose only: to hinder cryptology
R&D in America. Yeah, anyone who thinks about it realizes that this means
hurting american software companies ability to compete, but the NSA
doesn't care about ability to compete. They care about National Security.
And they think that National Security will be compromised if American firms
engage in lots of crypto-R&D.  So they are doing anything in their power
to prevent that. Export-restrictions are really the only thing they have the
power to do in this regard, but they should work perfectly sufficiently
for their purposes.
They dont' seem to be making too many mistakes to me.

@_date: 1994-07-06 10:21:46
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: stream ciphers and realtime communications? 
Well, I finally did my duty and picked up a copy of Applied Cryptography. :)
I've only given it a cursory browing so far, but I have a question.
When I first saw reference to stream ciphers in the book, I imagined that they would be ideal for realtime encrypted communications, like voice (in cellular phones, perhaps).
But after reading further, it appears that stream ciphers aren't being used much
in this manner, or much at all.
Is this correct? I know that there are plenty of encryption protocols and methods for
realtime communications (clipper chip, for one), but do they just use block
ciphers with relatively small blocks? (Is the security of such things as RSA
and IDEA effected by size of block? There's got to be a minimum block that works;
you can't do IDEA on a single byte, or can you?)
Can anyone outline what kinds of methods are used for voice encryption and other realtime
methods, as contrasted with email and delayed transfer methods?

@_date: 1994-07-07 18:32:45
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Question: Key Distr. in realtimeo applications? 
Well, I've gotten a few hundred pages into Applied Crypoto, and am now
educated enough to realize what the things are that I don't know.
One question I have is regarding how protocols for realtime
communications work, like say a encrypted voice conversation.
I know there are such things,such as Clipper, but I assume
Clipper/skipjack is atypical in many ways. But maybe I'm wrong. Anyhow, I'd guess that in such applications, a random one-time session
key is generated for a symmetric encryption method. Is this correct?
If so, how is this key distributed to both participants? You could use
public-key cryptography in some way to distribute the session key,
similar to what DES does, but then how do you distribute the public
keys so as to avoid a man in the middle attack?
Ideally, you want to pick up your crypto-phone, initiate a call to
another crypto-phone which you've never called before, and which was
possibly manufactured yesterday, and be able to exchange keys with it
in a secure fashion.  But I can't think of any way to do this, without
opening yourself up to a man in the middle attack.
How does clipper solve this problem? How do other potential realtime
protocols? Or do they just ignore it, and assume that it's going to be
too hard to do a succesful man-in-the-middle attack quickly enough for
a realtime conversation? That would seem to me to be a dangerous
assumption. I'd appreciate it if anyone could help me out.

@_date: 1994-07-09 13:28:18
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: All the free energy in the universe 
Actually, I _think_ I've read an article in a pop-science magazine about some work of Hawking's that indicated there was a minimum amount of energy neccesary to do some sort of quanta of computation. (is there such a thing
? I don't know enough about the math, I'm afraid. INformation theory?)
If my memory serves, he used this to hint at a solution to the "why does time only flow in one direction, when the mathematics are perfectly
symmetrical both ways?" question. But I could be wrong. Sorry I don't have any better info then you.

@_date: 1994-07-10 14:13:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Anon Mailing List 
I'm in the process of working on some perl scripts to implement a fully anonmous
 mailing list. I mentioned interest in this a month or so ago on cypherpunks, but i think it might have been during some of the list troubles, so many might have missed it. At any rate, I have very little unix programming experience, but since no one else seemed to be working on an anon mailing list, although sev eral people said they had given it some thought, I figured I might as well give it a try.
The basic idea is simply that anon-remailers will be used, so that the mailing list doesn't need anyone's real address; it can send list mail to them through the anon remailers using encrypted re-send to blocks. Additionally, the list would send out all mail pgp-encrypted with the individual keys of list members. (yes, this could be proccesor-time-consuming). And incoming mail would be required to be encrypted to the list, and signed by a list member.  And PGP-signature-checking would be used for authentication of unsubcribe commands, and such. Possibly, remote list maintanance with  signature-checking for authentication might be coded. Anyhow, I'm not sure whether I should attempt to modify some existing mailing list code, or just write my own from scratch (which seems like it actually might
 be easier). But I could try to modify majordomo, or more likely SmartList. SmartList is some scripts and recipe files for procmail to implement a mailing list. procmail is a incoming mail proccessing program. I want to make sure this stuff can be run from inside a normal user account, if neccesary, which is easy to do with SmartList. I'm not familiar with the inner workings of majordomo. The
 reason I'd modify preexisting stuff is because they are already set up to deal with rather obscure possible errors in rather complicated ways that I might not want to duplicate myself. But I'm not sure how significant this is, and I'd really rather write it from scratch myself, and not have to deal with puzzling through someone elses code. (Yeah, I'm lazy).  What do you all think?
I've put in a little bit of meta-level effort in writing it from scratch.  I've come accross DMB databases as a way of keeping the records of members pseudonyms, anon-remailer address blocks, and anon-remailer addresses.  Is this a good idea? The documentation I saw on DBM databases suggested that there might
 be a unpredicable size limitaton of 1000 bytes or so, which could conceivably become prohibitive with especially long encrypted remailer address blocks. But I
 don't know of any other easy way to maintain such a database. I'm _not_ going to write my own database maintanance code; I wouldn't know where to begin. Any I'd appreciate any input people have for me.

@_date: 1994-07-13 18:02:57
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  FW: Ordering White House docs via email 
Speaking of which, does anyone doubt that the point of this is to completely
eliminate human beings from the loop? You'll write a letter to president and some kind of AI will process it and
determine the proper form letter to be sent back to you. Heck, they'll
probably borrow that groovy semantic-parsing spy thingamobob software
from the NSA.  Actually, even though my knee jerk reaction is to be bothered by this,
I'm not sure there's cause. It's not as if the president actually sees
the letter you write to him snaimail anyhow. What difference does it make
if some minimum-wage secretary picks the proper form letter to send back to
you, or if a computer program does?

@_date: 1994-07-18 11:13:23
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: pseudonyms and such 
I think it's rather odd to find cypherpunks basically flaming someone because they choose to use a pseudonym instead of their real name. Or presuming guilt of being Detweiler because of the choice to use the
pseudonym.  Isn't the right to hide one's official on-your-passport
identity something that we all supposedly support?  Seems kind of contrary
to this goal to go making anyone who exercises this right feel unwelcome
on the list.  I'm sure if someone had mailed this sue person, and politey explained why they
felt her posts to be inappropriate, she would have changed her behavior.
And if she didn't, _then_ you could try to make her feel as unwelcome as
possible. Sure, this plan of action means that Detweiler-spoofs are
a bit more effective, and detweiler identities will take a bit longer to
be "outed".  And preventing the clipper chip from becoming a standard means that
drug dealers will have a bit of an easier time, especially if we succeed
in making PGP standard. Or terrorists. Such is the cost of being fair. I think it's awfully hypocritical to judge this pseudonomous person
harshly merely because of her pseudonimity, or because that pseudonimity makes you suspect she's really detweiler.

@_date: 1994-07-21 11:54:45
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Clipper Chip Retreat 
This was an incredibly wise move on their part. We who still find the kindler gentler Clipper unacceptable are going to have a much harder
time convincing the public at large of our case. Before Clipper was such
a completley idiotic idea that almost anyone who wasn't on the NSA-s payrole
would automatically oppose it. It's still a bad idea, but a public-domain
algorithm clipper with non-governmental escrow agents isn't quite as obvously insane and inane as the previous clipper. On the other hand, we already have "clipper is bad", implanted in a lot of
people's minds. I don't think the administration is going to be able
to shake that loose quite so easily. And I do think we can convince many
people that new improved clipper is bad because of the escrow agency alone.
But it's not so easy. If the administation had come out with a version of this
kinder gentler clipper from the start, it might actually have been succesful.

@_date: 1994-07-22 11:32:01
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: clipper and export 
Is anyone else distrubed by the way that encryption export policy and the
clipper chip seem to be linked {in administration policy, and in the
The letter from Gore to Cantwell certainly indicates this. He got her
to refrain from trying to liberalize export by saying that he'd look
into relaxing clipper. This seems awfully insidious, for a variety of reasons. I think everyone
has got to make greater efforts to seperate these two issues in the public
s mind. If we need to prevent encryption export for national security
reasons, as the administration alleges, then that doesn't neccesarily
have any relation on whether we need to adopt key escrow too.And if key escrow is neccesary for law enforcement, as they allege, that doesn't
say _anything_ about whether encryption export should be liberalized
or not. Of course, scrutinizing administration policy revelas the link without
too much dificulty. They want to make clipper a de facto standard, and
the only way they're going to be able to accomplish this is by refusing to allow exportation of anything _but_ clipper. But the administration isn't publically giving this line of reasoning, because
it makes them look bad, and shows that they are mis-using the legislation
that allows them to ban exportation of encryption for their own pro-Clipper
strategies. But they still manage to link the two issues, as in the "compromise" with Ms. Cantwell, without giving any good reason
for the two issues to be related!
I don't think we should let them get away with this. If the two
issues are going to be linked like this, we the public have got to demand
and explanation or rational for doing this. Why did the administration
basically offer to re-think clipper _if_ Cantwell didn't try to liberalize export? And when they can't give a good answer, we the cypherpunks
have got to offer our explanation.
As it is, they're getting a tactical olitical freebie. They've managed to link the issues of export restrictions and clipper such that Joe Public
sees how the policies are linked, _without_ giving any actual reasons
for the link, because those reasons would make them look so bad.

@_date: 1994-07-22 13:06:18
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: clipper and export 
WEell, sure. And we all know that there _is_ actually a connection; liberalized
export policies will make it hard for them to impose clipper as a standard
without prohibiting other crypto. And I would assume they know this, and that's why {they wont' do it. And I would assume the privacy-freaks
know this too, and that's why they support liberalizing export. But my concern is that no one seems to bring up the point that this is really _bad_ reasons for determining national policy regarding encryption
export. The legislation that allows them to restrict export only does so on
the basis of national security. _Not_ on the basis of "it'll make it
easier to implement our domestic encryption policy". Everyone involved
with the debate extensively realizes that this _is_ the basis on
which the administration is determining export policy. But there seems
to be no outcry abou{t it. I haven't even seen it brought up in any media, digital or print. And this is what I see is a problem. {Not
only is {the government messing around with us here, but we seem to expect it so much that we dont' even bother to point it out or complain
about it. I think we should be doing that. The public debate about export restriction should center on "is it actually
a national security risk, and if it isn't, why not liberalize things?"   Instead, there really is no debate, it's ob{vious that actual         national security isn't even an issue in the Administration decision
to {keep encryption export restrictions tight, and no one seems to think
this is a problem! That's what I find disturbing.

@_date: 1994-07-23 09:01:07
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: leahy and the eff on clipper "reversal" 
I am amused to see that Senator Leahy's press release was in fact more
"radical", and closer to the typical position of a cypherpunk then the
EFF press release was. An actual politician simply read the Gore letter
for what it was: no significant change in their policy whatsoever. While the "public interest" or "advocacy" group that the EFF is supposed
to be appearantly decided it would be more politic to make friends
with the administration by pretending they've made some progress. I'm sure Leahy (or one of his aides) assumed the EFF would be saying
the same thing as Leahy was. He's probably berating one of his aides right
now for releasing a statement that was more radical and likely to anger
the administration then even the EFF statement.

@_date: 1994-07-25 19:53:37
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
That makes sense, and I don't see it as being too much of a problem either. Physical cash works that way too; if I write down the serial numbers of all
money that goes through my hands, then if it ever comes back into my hands
I'm going to recognize it. It would be nice if ecash could not have this
"flaw", but it doesn't seem vital, or even particularly important, to me.

@_date: 1994-07-28 14:20:58
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
Very good point. Still, I wish there was a way for my local software to     automatically make this chain based on some sort of knowledge of what
remailers are currently up. Ideally, my local software could figure
out all this info without manual intervention on my part; it would maintain
it's own list of remailers, and keep track of when they go down.
I'm not sure it's possible to set up a system like this, but it
would be enormously helpful.
One naive solution would be for remailers to have a "ping" function. I could
send a remailer a "ping" message, and it would just bounce some acknowledgement
back. More likely, my software could do this periodically, and keep track
of which remailers are down, or non existent, and not use those. The problem here is that an eavesdropper could get knowledge of which remailers
I am planning on using, which could help traffic analysis enormously. The "ping" function could support anon encryption block, so that I can
ping a remailer through several other remailers anonymously. This is an
improvement, but the traffic generated by lots of people periodically doing
this is going to be enormous. As it is in any implementation of this sort. [If you wanted to, you could make the remailers "ping" now by yourslef, just have a message resent to yourself. But we can't all do this automatically often,
simply because of the traffic it woudl generate. I think.]
The next idea I had involves a usenet newsgroup. Bear in mind I don't really
know how this sort of thing works, so tell me when I've said something    nit-witted. Anyhow, there could be an alt.remailer.net newsgroup. All participating remailers would post an "i'm here" message on it
periodically, say once every 24 hours. This message would include the remailers public key as well. My local software could scan this newsgroup.
If a remailer hadn't posted a "i'm here" message in 30 hours or so, my
local software wouldn't include it in any chains. If it's been several
weeks, my local software will drop it from my database of remailer's
altogether. If a "i'm here" from a previously unknown remailer is found,
my software adds it to the database. Or, if I'm worried about abuse, I only
add it to the database if it's public key is singed by someone I trust.  Okay, now everyone try to rip this plan apart. :) I'm sure I haven't arrived
at the idea solution, but there's got to be some way to create a remailer-net
that will allow my local software to generate long remailer chains to remailers
that are all still existent (now, if one of the remailers included in my
6 remailer chain goes down, it's a major pain to figure out which one it was,
and why my mail never arrived there), all automatically. Until we can  arrive at such a system, remailers are never going to be really useful
to a large number of people; it's just too generate secure remaielr    ^?chains that are trustable.

@_date: 1994-07-29 16:11:09
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  Just say NYET to kneejerking 
2- The censorship that I advance is censorship _by parents_ _for their own
   children_.  Only.     People have talked about cable boxxes and telephones.  Are you not aware
   that many cable companies offer boxes with a (physical) key that must be
   present in order for certain channels to come through?  That the phone
   companies currently allow customers to disallow outgoing 900 calls?  My
   idea is to implement a net-equivalent system--household by household
   determination of what will be allowed into their homes.
 *****
There is a difference between mandating and offering. Between allowing and requring. If there were cable companies which _forced_ people to use
boxes of that sort, and phone companies which _required_ customers
to disallow 900 calls, your analogy might be closer. And most of us would
probably be in fierce opposition to those systems too.
I'll echo what other people have said: you are perfectly free to set up
a system which only gives accounts to children if their parents get a
"overseeing" account too. No one here will mind at all, I dont' think.
People will mind if you require all systems to behave that way.
It's the difference between offering a service and requiring people
to be censors. I'm not sure why you don't see the distinction here.

@_date: 1994-08-01 09:47:58
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  Labeling Usenet articles. 
How is crypto involved? You want to have everything arrive at your site
encrypted, and only be able to decrypt the stuff that you are permitted
by the censor to read? Why bother, why not just only send stuff to your site
that the censor permits you to read? If you don't want your entire site censored, but just want particular readers at your site to be censored, then the sysadmin should just set something up so users are only allowed to read
what the censor has allowed that user to read. I dont' see how crypto
comes into it at all.
I think you are going to have a lot of trouble getting any help with this
plan from this list. For one thing, it doesn't seem to require crypto
to implement, and for another, very few people on this list are going to
be interested in developing a censorship system. I don't think anyone
thinks you should be disallowed from doing so either, but people put their
time and energy into developing software that interests them and excites them,
and for most cypherpunks I don't think a censorship system does either.

@_date: 1994-08-01 11:39:59
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Labeling Usenet articles. 
Ah, now I understand, thanks. Actually, now that I see what you're getting
at, this _does_ seem like a good idea. I think moderated newsgroups can
be useful in some circumstances (sure, including a fundie newsgroup), and
it would be nice to have a cryptographically secure system of doing this,
that cant' be easily circumvented like the present one. And I agree that scripts using PGP do seem capable of doing this, rather then
writing some new software. This actually is quite a good idea.

@_date: 1994-08-03 09:13:53
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: encryption and Ham Radio 
A while ago I thought about getting a Ham Radio license for doing TCP/IP over the airwaves. I never got around to learning the details, but I know that it is
possible, and that many Hams in big cities have detailed digital nets running
over the airwaves, using TCP/IP, or other protocols. There are even some
gateways onto the internet. When I was investigating getting a license, it came to my attention that FCC
rules prohibit encrypting any digital data you send over the airwaves in this
way. I don't know exactly how far this prohibition reaches, but I know
you can lose your ham license for sending encrypted data over the digital
ham network. I haven't actually seen any mention of this by the EFF and other groups like
that, where I'd expect it. Or on cypherpunks, for that matter. Maybe it's
because no one knows about it. So I'm telling you. I think that this is a pretty terrible state of affairs, because ham radio TCP/IP provides a low
cost (if really low bandwith) permanent connection to the internet, and
currently anyone who accesses the internet this way is _prohibited_ from using
encryption. Bad. [Oh, they are also prohibited form broadcasting "bad" words in digital form.
Which causes endless problems for people with usenet gateways onto these digital ham nets. They need automated software robots searching out all posts
for Carlins 7 bad words, and deleting them.]

@_date: 1994-08-03 14:55:22
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: broadcast encryption 
That kind of explains why encryption is not allowed on ham bands, but it doesn't satisfy me. The difference between ham and other bands, is to use
other frequencies I've got to pay the FCC major money for a license, or
pay some commercial service provider who payed the FCC major money. With ham, I don't have to pay no one nothing, except maybe $10 for a ham
license. ham, or some other frequency reserved to work like ham, could easily
serve as a poor man's connection to the internet. Anyone with a desktop
PC can invest another hundred dollars or so, and have a really low
bandwith (2400bps) direct connection to the internet. You can do IP
over ham, although it's really dificult to do so currently without breaking
the law and losing your license. A public ham or ham-like radio band would seem to be something the cypherpunks
would really like. It would definitely facillitate the creation of a sort
of blacknet type thing. The government has given the public citizens band, and
ham radio, if they're not going to open up ham so it can be used in the ways
I'm thinking of, why not take another hunk of spectrum and give it to the
public, specifically intended for digital transmissions (IP or otherwise). This seems to be something we should be campaigning for, and the EFF
should be lobbying for.
Of course, the reason "why not" is because the government can make tons of
money by selling the spectrum to Microsoft instead.

@_date: 1994-08-03 15:10:59
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer traffic analysis foiling 
Part of the problem with any scheme that involves remailers automatically
sending traffic onward to other remailers (whether a plan like yours,
or just adding links to the remailer chain automagically), is that there
seem to be only a few stable and reliable remailers. The rest come and go
periodically. To get the best use of a plan like this, you've got to keep
track of which remailers are up right now, so as to have the most remailers
to use for this purpose. Or, really, you've got to have a way for your remailer
to do this automatically without your intervention.
Most people seem to think this problem will go away eventually, and remailers
will become more stable and reliable.  I dont' think this is neccesarily true.
It's true that remailers which charge money for the service will probably be
more secure and reliable (because they need to be to get business), but I think
we should work to develop a sort of "remailer net" that doesn't need reliability
to operate, that can operate in more dificult circumstances.
One idea I came up with to achieve this goal is a sort of remailer
control newsgroup, call it alt.anonremailer.net.  Every participating
remailer would periodically post an "I am here" message to the newsgroup.
Say, once every 24 hours. The message could include the anon remailers
address, and public key. A participating anon remailer would periodically
scan this newsgroup, and keep track of remailers which are verified
to have been working properly sometime in the last 24 hours. The remailers
could check signatures on the message to be sure that it's signed by the
real mccoy, and when a new remailer is encountered on alt.anonremailer.net, signatures on it's public key could be checked, and the remailer
wont' be used unless it's signed by trusted people. The old web
of trust. The more I think about this, the better an idea it seems to me.
It seems a way of creating a remailer net that is reliable even in unreliable
circumstances, and also makes using remailers more automized then it is now.
Every use who uses anon mailers could have a daemon running to keep
track of this newsgroup, and auto-generate remailer-chains that are composed
of guaranteed-working remailers. It seems like a spiffy idea. But last time
I posted it, no one responded. Maybe I'm overlooking something, and it's actually
a really stupid idea. If that's the case, can someone say so and explain why?

@_date: 1994-08-03 20:15:54
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: anonymous anonymous remailers? 
Why? Which part, the whole idea of a remailer control newsgroup, or just
the idea of remailers with unknown locations? I'm not sure how reliable
remailers with unknown locatoins would be (one remailer in the chain
goes down, your unknown remailer can't be contacted, and there's no easy
way to verify whether the chain is still intact any more), but I'm not
sure I actually see anything non-scalable about it. Nor about the
"alt.anonremailer" concept. If you've got 500 remailers posting once
a day, your still not the largest newsgroup out there. And when combined
with a realtime verification system (you get the address of the remailer
from the newsgroup, and _then_ you connect to a certain port and get an acknowledgement message, to make sure the remailer is up), you could
lower traffic yet further. Maybe you only need to post once every ten
days with the "my remailer is here" message. This could then accomodate some
3000 remailers and still not be as high traffic as comp.sys.mac.hardware.
And I think by the time there are 3000 remailers to be accomodated, the net
will be easily handling full motion video, and people will be exchanging
20 minute long quicktime movies in the newsgroups, and we wont' have a bandwith problem at all.
But maybe I'm missing something obvious. Enlighten me.

@_date: 1994-08-04 08:54:45
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  Remailer stuff 
I'm not sure that they are. The idea is, that some people might want
to philanthropically provide a remailing service without revealing their
identity. (or, heck, do it for a profit with anonymous ecash). This is currently pretty much unworkable. If a system that provided a reliable
decentralized remailer infrastructure (like I _think_ the one I've
proposed does), then it might become more workable, but I'm not certain
if it would cross the boundry into something actually practical. But
it's an interesting idea. This is a valid point, but it exists in _any_ remailer system or
infrastructure. It's safest to assume that some cypherpunks list
members who set up remailers are actually NSA agents. If you chain
your message through 15 or 20 remailers, as long as 3 or 4 of them
are not "evil", you are probably in good shape. But there's certainly
a chance that all 20 are evil; I don't see how the "alt.anonremailer.net"
concept changes the odds of getting a chain of all evil remailers.
And, yes, I agree that the wise person wouldn't indiscriminately use
remailers from this newsgroup, but only use those whose keys are signed
by someone he trusts. It's obviously up to the user _how_ to use this hypothetical infrastructure, and there are ways that it could be used
that wouldn't give you very much security. But I'm confident that if
used properly it wouldn't give you any _less_ security then the current
system, which is basically people telling each other about new remailers,
and manualy adding them to their PGP rings and such.

@_date: 1994-08-04 15:01:12
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
I'm not sure I like being credited with the "stability from being paid"
notion. I think there _is_ stability from being paid, but I think
if the infrastructure depends on it, it's not a good infrastructure. The system should be able to create a stable top-level infrastructure
on top of an inherently instable environment, with remailers
going up and down, and popping into existence, and dying. It should
route around dead remailers, like the internet itself.  of the headers would simplify the remailer software at little cost
 to the user.
It _would_ make it easier to spoof the system, but I think it does add
several very important things:
1) New remailers can easily announce themselves to the remailernet.
[Whether they are to be trusted or not should depend on pgp-signed keys
and web of trust, but the newsgroup provides an way to announce yourself
to the system, and have that announcment by automatically dealt with
by all participating parties]
2) Users (not people operating remailers, people using them) could make
use of the newsgroup, to compile a database of remailers, and make long
remailer chains. Users could have automated software doing this. [again, taking account of web-of-trust through signatures].  Messages posted
to the newsgroup could include information on whether the remailer is
free, or whether ecash is charged, and the user's software could automatically
take account of this, enclosing ecash certificates in the proper encryption
blocks for for-profit remailers. (and reporting costs to user for approval,
of course).  These are really two facets of the one problem, of allowing a user
or remailer who has just arrived on the seen to quickly get a list
of remailers, and make use of them, all automatically. That's sort of the
super-set problem which encompasses the other two, and whose solution solves
the other two.
I don't think it's a coincidence that the newsgroup system solves these
two problems at the expense of security (the newsgroup makes it easier
to spoof).  I have a gut feeling that any solution which solves these problems
is going to be at the expense of security. But I think these two problems
need to be solved if we want to create an easy to use, low-human-maintance,
infrastructure in a universe of hundreds of remailers.  The fact is, that even remailers exchanging mail _can_ be spoofed, if not
quite as easily as the newsgroup idea. It seems to be a premise of cryptographic
protocols and schemes, that you've got to assume a worst case and get a system
working where even under the worst case, everything works. I think this
is a good way to work, and that's why you've got to assume that if it can
be spoofed, it will be spoofed. And you've got to build in a web of trust
relying on cryptographically secure signatures, instead of relying on false
security you get from thinking that it hasn't been spoofed just because
it would be a little bit dificult to do so. Once you adopt this frame of mind,
the newsgroup method is just as secure as the mail method (both can be spoofed,
but you rely on web-of-trust to prevent spoofing from doing any harm), but
the newsgroup method solves the two problems I brought up.
I agree that it seems a good idea for the SMTP RFCs to be used to exchnage
info, and we could post to the alt.remailernet newsgroup with articles
that adhere to the SMTP RFCs, even though that isn't exactly what the
those RFCs are intended for. Although we almost certainly need some agreed upon standards in addition to the SMTP RFCs, because there
is additional information we want to exchange.

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:44:36
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re:  RemailerNet 
Part of our disagreement/misunderstanding might be in differing      conceptions of the form the remailer net should take.
You seem to be talking about a Julf-style anon system, where the system
knows who you really are. If the system is corrupt, if Julf were an NSA agent, then the entire system is compromised and useless. I like the cypherpunks remailer concept better, where each link in the chain
only knows the next link in the chain, and security is achieved by
multiple links. If several of the links are actually NSA agents, your security
is reduced, but not compromised completely. If you've got a chain of, say
10 links, even if 7 of them are evil NSA agents, you still can probably retain
your anonymity. Return addresses are accomplished by encrypted  "resend-to:" blocks. It seems much preferable to have a system where it
isn't neccesary to trust any one net entity completely, as it is in a Julf-style anon-ID system. [Of course one could use a combination of both
in communications too, but I wouldn't feel safe unless my anonimity was
safe even if the Finish FBI raided Julf's site.]
When looked at with this goal in mind, I think maybe the newsgroup as a method
of passing remailer net information makes a bit more sense. I don't think the possibility of the newsgroup being spoofed is actually
fatal to the system. Let's examine ways in which it could be attacked:
1)  The Enemy could introduce completely made-up "i'm here" messages, pointing
to non-existent remailers. This doesn't harm anything at all when combined with
a "ping"ing of remailer sites, as I've suggested. (One idea would be just to
periodically mail all your remailers with the resend-to: being yourself, to
make sure they exist, and are forwarding mail at least some of the time).
2) The Enemy could announce his own Evil-remailers to the net. These remailers
would in fact exist, but would do evil things designed to compromise the net.
What could they do? They could publicize all messages they get. Again, as long as
you have 3 or 4 non-evil remailers in your chain, this doesn't really
compromise your anonymity. You can decrease the risk further by only using
remailers whose announced keys were signed by a trusted source. The evil-remailer
could also just drop all communications in the bit bucket. This doesn't
compromise security, but does make the remailer net unusable. By periodically
pinging the remailer sites as I've suggested above, this risk can be minimized.
If you've pinged the site 25 times, and all 25 times the remailer has forwarded
your ping back to you, then odds are that it isn't dropping any messages in the
bitbucket. (remember, the evil-remailer can't tell the difference between your
ping a a normal remailer message, if done correctly.)
3) The Enemy could intercept announcement messages from good remailers, and
replace their public key with his own. He could then intercept all mail to this
good remailer, and read it, and forward it on, or drop it in the bitbucket.
Using web-of-trust for signed remailer keys should help minimize this risk.
4) Denial of service: The enemy could intercept the announcement messages, and
keep them from getting to the newsgroup. This doesn't compromise the security
of the net at all, but is annoying. I can't think of any way to avoid this risk,
but I think it might be acceptable, because it doesn't actually compromise any
security, and would be fairly dificult for the enemy to do for long without
being detected.
5) The enemy could intercept announcement messages from good remailers, and
replace both the public key and address with his own. This is really just a
combination of several of the previous attacks, nothing new.

@_date: 1994-08-07 11:47:10
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer ideas (Was: Re: Latency vs. Reordering) 
This does seem like a better idea, except for one thing:
Everybody has got to trust the Keeper of the Aliveness Info. I'm not sure how much of a problem this is, nor am I sure that
the newsgroup method neccesitates any less trust. But I do think that a system where all trust doesn't lie in any
one entity is desirable, and I think that such a system is going
to have to be decentralized like netnews, rather then centralized
.  The other problem that a centralized system imposes is that if the Keeper Of Aliveness Info goes down, everyone is scrambling to
find a new one. This doesn't seem like a major problem, but again, an
ideal system wouldn't have this flaw.

@_date: 1994-08-07 18:02:49
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: remailer ideas 
My newsgroup-RemailerNet ideas seem to be getting mixed reviews, but I
think that part of the p
roblem is that some people don't understand what
I'm trying to accomplish. There are several features I think are extremely
desirable in a remailernet infrastructure, which our current
infrastructure doesn't accomplish, and which no proposed infrastructure
that I've seen accomplishes either. I'm not certain my newsgroup/pinging
idea addresses these concerns, either, but I'm going to lay them all out,
and y'all can see what you think.
These points aren't distinct, I realize. They're all interrelated
1) New remailers should be able to enter the "remailernet" easily, and
with a minimum of human intervention. If I decide to run a remailer, the
infrastructure should provide a way to make it visible to all other
particpants in the remailer net, other remailers and users. Whether the
other participants make use of it or not, is another question, and would
presumably depend on a web-of-trust kind of situation. But currently,
someone who wants to stay current with this kind of info basically has to
read cypherpunks, and take notes when people announce new remailers. Better, would be if this sort of "new remailer" info could be distributed
automatically, to both users and other remailers.
2)  Remailers should be able to leave the remailernet without devestating
If my remailer is temporarily, or permanently,  down, the remailernet
should route around it.  Again, the current way for operators to announce
this would basically be to post to cypherpunks list, and maybe
alt.security.pgp too. If other remailernet particpants miss the
announcement, havok can ensue. If a middle link of your remailer chain is
down, all you know is your messages aren't getting to their destination,
you won't know which link is down. We shouldn't require all particpants to
read cypherpunks religiously, and if an operator isnt' conscientious
enough to post to the expected places, it shouldn't be fatal. Both users
and remailers should have an automatic way of finding out about down
remailers. 3) Remailers themselves should have a way of automatically learning the
topography of the remailernet. If we want to form a cohesive black-box
remailernet, remailers are going to need this info. Maybe they're sending
fake padding between themselves to thwart traffic analysis. Maybe they're
encrypting with the key of the next remailer down the line automatically
for you. I don't know enough about it to know what methods are best, but
it seems probable from discussion that remailers are going to need to do
something that requires knowing about all the other remailers, and their
PGP keys and such.
4) Users should have a way of learning the topography of the remailernet
too. A way which doesn't require so much human intervention. I should be
able to tell my software "send an anon message to X, put 10 links in the
remailer chain," and it will do it. To use the remailer net, I shouldn't
need to read cypherpunks in order to keep track of all various remailers,
and which are up, and which are down. My software should do that for me.
And again, your software  doesn't need to use all the remailers that it
knows about, it can rely on web-of-trust based on PGP signatures and such.
[Although I'm not certain this is neccesary, as I've come to the same
conclusion as Hal Finney: as long as you've got one (or maybe two)
trustworthy remailers in the chain, you are pretty much okay. Although Jim
Dixon points out that a concerted effort by the TLAs could make even
finding one trustworthy remailer a serious chore. But this is an
implementation problem; we're talking theory here at the moment.]
5) No one entity participating in the remailer net structure should be
able to compromise the security of the net acting alone. For example, An
"evil remai
ler" operating solely for the purpose of compromising the
remailernet shouldn't be fatal. This is a matter of degree to some extent:
if everyone but you is "evil", you're going to be out of luck in just
about any system. But the more robust the infrastructure is, the more evil
participants it can handle before it cracks, the better. The current
remailer net actually fulfills this requirement fairly well, but it's an
important one, and worth noting anyhow. Now I think the infrastructure I've proposed that uses a newsgroup, as
well as a pinging mechanism, fulfills all these requirements. But I'm not
going to try to defend it now, instead, what do you all think about those
requirements? Are they all in fact neccesary? Or desirable? Are there any
more that should be added? Can you think of any infrastructure systems
that might fill some or all of them?

@_date: 1994-08-10 11:19:37
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: future existence of free remailers? 
People often like to postulate on the list that eventually there won't
be any more of these philantropic free remailers, and people will be charging
small amounts for every remailed message, to make some money off it.
I've thought of a pretty good reason why this might not ever happen. Hal Finney (or maybe it was Jim Dixon. Probably both) recently realizd
and revealed to us that if one operates a remailer oneself, you effectively
hide your identity from even the _first_ remailer on your chain, because
it doesn't know if the mesage is in fact from _you_, or from someone using
your remailer. In practice, simply having some remailer software running
that no one other then you uses wont' work. You've got to have a busy remailer running with lots of traffic coming in as well as going out.
This means that if someone wants to send secure anonymous mail using remailers,
it's in his best interest to operate a remailer himself, and to try
and get as many people to use it as possible. So philanthropy or profit
aren' the only reasons to run a remailer; one's primary reason might be
to ensure oneself anonymity. You could try to get some profit out of it too,
but the more people who use your remailer, the better for you, so it's in your
interest to make it free so many people will use it. This motivation could
provide us with lots of free remailers for years to come. Maybe. It's
an interesting thing to think about, anyhow.

@_date: 1994-08-21 11:05:25
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: e$ as "travellers check? 
There has been all this talk about potential legal problems with banks
issuing ecash. Lots of terms have been tossed around which I only
bearly understand like "bearer bonds" and such. And some things I
understand more, like the prohibition on private scrip. But someone a long time ago brought up traveller's checks, and the similarity
between them and ecash. The similarity seems pretty darn close to me. You pay some money to American Express, you get a note issued by them, you
give it to a merchant, he redeems in with AE for money. There's a fee charged
somewhere along the line. Well, you pay some money to First Digital Bank, you
basically get an electronic promissary note, you give it to a merchant for
a service or product, and he redeems it with First Digital for US dollars. I dont' know much about economics, but as far as I can tell this seems a pretty
solid analogy. If I'm missing something, can someone try to explain to me
using small words what it is I'm missing. Otherwise, what regulation is there
of people who issue traveller's checks? It's clearly not _illegal_ to issue
travellers checks, so I dont' see why it would be illegal under current laws
to issue ecash, despite all the interesting talk about bearer bonds and
private issued scrip. But perhaps there is strict regulation or something?

@_date: 1994-09-13 16:58:38
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
There is no requirement to identity yourself, but the police will regularly
lock you up in jail until you do identify yourself. They can't _force_
you to identify youself, and you can't go to trial for not doing so
(partially because they dont' know who you are, but even if they later
find out for other means), but nevertheless police departments everywhere
will lock you up until you provide ID if you are stopped for a traffic
There is a guy around here-abouts who will routinely gets stopped for
speeding and refuses to show ID out of principal. They put him in jail.
He's tried to sue them, and lost. If it made it all the way to the supreme court, I'm not sure what they would
decide. But the point remains, in real life, they put you in jail. Just
be aware of it.

@_date: 1994-11-18 22:35:45
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Actually, I see the benefit of html to be that you really _don't_ spend
time on pretty visual effects like kerning, fonts, leading, whitespace,
gutter widths, etc.  You don't deal with any of those things, or anything
like it, in a html document.  Yes, you spend more time doing formatting
then with straight ascii, but the structure you put in is content based
structure, rather then pretty-but-useless display based structure.  The
type that you were doing with outliners and such, although for the goal of
making them more readable rather then of helping to organize ideas.  But I
think html, once you've gotten the hang of it, gives you a pretty good
return to the amount of work you put in.  A well done html document is, in
my opinion, actually much easier to read then a straight ascii document,
and the amount of effort neccesary to turn ascii to html is relatively
Just my opinion, of course. I agree with you that there is a problem when
too much time and energy is spent on prettifying trimming rather then on
content, but I'm not sure that html is really representative of this.
Have you tried using MacWeb with the auto-loading of images turned off?
Like I said, I find it easier to extract the relevant information quickly
out of a html-formatted text then a straight ascii text.  And we all know
that when you are on the net, being able to extract relevant information
quickly is vital.  (There's a whole nother treatise waiting to be written

@_date: 1994-11-18 22:47:59
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: usenet-to-mail 
My first impression was that that was just a joke. Then I thought it might
be a very good idea after all. Then I thought it surely wasn't a joke, but
also wasn't a very good idea. Now I'm not sure. :)
It seems like it might be a good idea. All the anon remailers could watch a
certain newsgroup, alt.remailer.submit perhaps, and take messages with a
"anon-remailer-attn: specific and deal with them just like
normal mail input.
Would there by any benefit to doing this at all over the present system?
Why would someone submit a message to the remailer "bramble" via newsgroup
instead of just mailing it?  Unless you find an anonymous way to post to
the newsgroup in the first place, your security seems to be seriously
compromised. Even if everything is encrypted, you've made traffic analysis
a huge amount easier.  And if you are finding a way to post the a newsgroup
anonymously in the first place, odds are you have some other entry point to
the remailer bramble, so why make a stop on the newsgroup opening yourself
up to traffic analysis?
Now that I think about it, it seems that there isn't really any reason for
such a thing.

@_date: 1994-11-18 23:41:25
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
I think I might not have made my point clear enough.  I meant to say that
an html document, viewed with a program that displays different headings in
different fonts and sizes and stuff (note that the writer doesn't have to
deal with font and size issues herself) are much easier to read. Meaning,
"an html document viewed on anything but lynx". In my opinion. An html
document viewed with lynx _is_ pretty much straight text, isn't it? So it's
not going to be much easier to read then straight text, obviously.
[various problems]
I agree there are problems like that. Much of the problem is due to lack of
tools on the user-end of it. Which is a completely different thing from the
issue of the author spending too much time on inane prettifying, form over
content, etc.  Still an important issue. Until nearly everyone _is_ able to
use a graphical web browser, html isn't going to be as useful as it could
be. Until there are easy or automatic ways to use PGP, it's not going to be
as easy to send and receive PGP mail as it could be. Until everyone has a
MIME-compatible mailer that behaves reasonably and can be configured to do
whatever one wants it to do... etc.  This is a legitimate issue, but not
the same one as the form over content thing you were foaming about earlier.
All due to lack of proper tools to deal with this stuff, I'd argue. If you
had a MIME compatible mailer that displayed Amanda's GIF inline, or did
something logical with it, or just tossed it in the bit bucket cause you
told it to, it wouldn't be so much of a problem. Yes, not everyone (or
possibly anyone) has that capability at the moment, and that's a good
point.  [I know you asked not to have advice, but I'll quickly say that
I've found that using the Eudora-compatible PGP-related applescripts makes
it _immeasurably_ easier to deal with PGP stuff. Decrypting a PGP-encrypted
note is a single mouse click.  Lack of tools is what makes it a problem]
I agree that it's important _not_ to get bogged down in banal details, or
platform idiosyncracies.
The point of such things as MIME and HTML are to avoid both of these
things. The MIME and HTML specifications are completely
platform-independent, and their whole purpose is basically to take care of
the banal details so humans don't have to. Whether theory matches practice
is another issue.
The net is evolving. I _like_ the fact that I can option-click on a ftp URL
in my newsreading software, and have that URL automatically fetched. I
don't like the fact that Eudora _automatically_ fetched the documents
referenced by the MIME voodoo in that recent contribution to the list, but
if it had merely shown "referenced document: 1994.Standards", and allowed
me to option-click on that (or ignore it) to download it if I wished, I
would have liked that too.
At one point ASCII _wasn't_ a standard.  It was never quite such a problem
as we have now, admittedly, but it's not as powerful as what we are on the
verge of having now either. Once MIME compatible mailers work right, and
the user interaction issues are taken care of the right way, and everyone
has a direct high-bandwith net connection, I firmly believe that MIME and
html will be of enormous utility. No, I'm not holding my breath for that to
happen, but technology has a way of moving faster then you would expect
(and at times slower then you would expect too. but unpredictable nearly
Or maybe I'm just a hopeless techno-phile.

@_date: 1994-11-27 19:01:53
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: A possible solution 
Something better?  I guess most of us think that "something better" would
be _not_ having increased penalties for criminals who use cryptography in
their crimes.
I'm certain that this was the "something better" Mike was suggesting.
What rationale is there to have increased penalties for using cryptography
to commit a crime, any more then there should be increased penalties for
using computers at all?  (or do you think there should be?)  What reason is
there to have increased penalties for using modern technology over using
older technology to commit a crime? Using modern technology is somehow
"worse" then using older technology?
Should we have harsher penalties for someone that uses a getaway automobile
after a bank robbery, instead of trying to get away on foot? That might be
a better analogy to what's being proposed then Mike's sarcastic ones, if
you really want a good analogy. Automobile technology surely makes it
easier for a bank robber to escape from the crime scene and not be caught,
just as cryptography surely makes it easier for someone selling drugs to
close a deal without being caught. So if that somehow justifies harsher
penalties for crimes committed with the help of cryptography, does it also
justify harsher penalties for crimes committed with automobiles? Why not?

@_date: 1994-11-28 15:52:30
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: A possible solution 
That depends on what you mean by "anarchy." I'm sure there are a few
anarchists on the list, but they probably don't mean the same thing as you
do by "anarchy".
Many of us already are.  Except the kind of rules you are describing would
increase our paranoia, not lessen it. The people we're already looking over
our shoulder for are the people who would be enforcing the rules you are
I still don't understand what "that problem" is. How does the existence of
cryptography (which is of course what started this discussion. fittingly,
since we're on cypherpunks here) make anyone live in total isolation, or be
completely paranoid, or be always looking over his shoulder?  I don't
understand how strong cryptography does any of those things.  What exactly
is this "problem" that you see, and how is it related to cryptography?
About half the people I talk to think we're already "touching" _1984_
territory, and about the other half think we're already living in an
"anarchy", so appearantly it's in the eye of the beholder. They mean
"anarchy" in a negative sense of course, the same as you. I wouldn't mind
living in an anarchy if it's the kind Mikhail Bakunin or Emma Goldman or
Alexander Berkman or Petr Kropotkin advocated.   You might pick up a book
by any of those authors at your local public library, you might be

@_date: 1994-11-29 10:52:48
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: "You aren't following the _rules_!" 
Have you used premail?  It pretty much does all of that.
People still aren't using premail, either because they can't figure out how
to install it (doubtful, it's not hard to install), or because they don't
have a need for it that's great enough to justify the (minimal) time
neccesary to ftp it and install it, or wait the (sometimes more painful)
time neccesary for the computer to encrypt and/or sign your outgoing
Which was admitteedlyu your main point; until there is a _need_ for crypto,
it's not going to be used.
Because premail makes it incredibly easy to use PGP on a unix box. And, for
that matter, the Eudora/PGP applescritps make it incredibly easy to use PGP
on a mac.  And there are some people working on an applescript that will
automate using remailers on a mac too.    But ease of use appearantly isn't
enough; no matter how easy it gets to use, it's still going to have some
cost to the user over not using it. Even if the cost is only having to wait
the 1.5 seconds it takes your machine to decrypt/encrypt a message.  Unless
there's a use for it, people won't be willing to spend that 1.5 seconds per

@_date: 1994-11-29 14:28:19
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: whats all this nonsense 
Of course we all agree with you there, but as someone else mentioned, users
would be perfectly free to sign with a _pseudonymous_ key.  My key wouldn't
have to be in the name of "Jonathan Rochkind," it could be "Dirk the
Destroyer", or whatever else I wanted it to be.
I'm not sure if Eric is suggesting that everyone submit their public key to
the list or not. If he is, then things would be made a bit dificult, as you
would have to make your one-time-only anonymous key, send it to toad.com,
wait for it to be recognized, and _then_ send your message to the list.
Assuming that not only do I not want your messages traceable to Jonathan
Rochkind, but I also don't want them traceable to _each other_, then I'd
have to make a new key before sending each message, and go through that
whole rigamarole each time. I'm not how often people actually _would_
desire to do such a thing (generally, it's important to most people to
build up a good reputation, pseudonymous or otherwise), but....
I agree you have a good point that it's important the list be set up so
it's possible to contribute to it anonymously/pseudonomously.  And that
_some_ implementations of what Eric is suggesting might make that either
impossible or just a pain in the ass (and we probably dont' want to do
either). There are probably other implementations that wouldn't have this
problem.  Although I would still oppose them, pretty much on the grounds
Tim May has been ranting about.  (and I do mean ranting in the best way. :)
).  People should pretty much be able to do what they want, and I don't
see any compelling reason to force people to sign their messages whether
they like it or not.

@_date: 1994-11-29 19:51:08
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory message signing 
I believe it varies from state to state, but this is indeed the norm.
Why stop at authenticating signed messages?  I'd like to see some mailing
list software that would send mail out to you encrypted if you want (sure,
the list is probably public, but you might not want people knowing you
subscribe. If list traffic was encrypted, and you routed it through Ghio's
remailer-alias doohickey, the fact that you subscribe could be kept
completely hidden), and would require authentication on a message to change
your address, or to change your public key (which would also be possible).
And would have config parameters such that the list operator could make it
only accept signed submissions, or even only accept submissions encrypted
to the list.  [not that I'm advocating this on the cypherpunks list, but it
might be good on other lists, especially private ones].  And Ideally, I'd
even like the list to be able to mail to you through the remailer-net, by
prepending your encrypted address block, and sending to a remailer.
Although the existence of Ghio's forementioned doohickey (what is that
service being called?) makes that somewhat superflous.
I was planning on writing such a beast myself, and might still get around
to it eventually. The problem is that I'm unlikely to write something from
scratch as robust as the current list server software (I'm not interested
in writing good list software, just in implementing the crypto), and I'm
not really skilled enough to understand the majordomo code enough to modify
it.  But I might try, one of these days.

@_date: 1994-11-30 08:03:09
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: PGP hook for Eudora? 
There is a bunch of applescript PGP stuff, in various states of done-ness,
at ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/xenon.
I'm not quite sure what the status of this stuff is, or if it's actually
final release software, or just betas and such, because xenon seems to have
disappeared for an indefinite period of time and isn't answering email.
You want the MacPGPKit Installer, and the Eudora/PGP scripts (I'm not sure
about the exact name for the Eudora scripts). In my own experience, the
Eudora scripts work really well and are quite stable, but the more general
purpose MacPGPKit has some problems and isn't so stable.

@_date: 1994-11-30 16:43:32
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
If my and my friends don't like coke, we can't copy their secret formula
and sell something in a red can with a white curve down the side and
"Coca-cola" written on it in cursive lettering. We'll be in court in about
four minutes.
If me and my friends don't like the cypherpunks list, we can start our own
list called "cypherpunks."  We can even get the list of subscribers from
toad (it's public information), and subscribe them all to our list,
although they might not appreciate it so much.
Or, if we really had a problem with the signature-requirement, we could
start up our own list and actually subscribe our list to cypherpunks, and
cypherpunks to our list.  Everyone on our list would get all cypherpunks
mail, and as well as mail sent to our list specifically. And cypherpunks
would get our list.  So if you didn't want to sign, you could join our
RebelCypherpunks list which would be identical to cypherpunks except you
could contribute to it without signing, and others on our list would get
your posts.  If you did want to sign, joining our list would be identical
to joining cypherpunks, since all mail from our list gets forwarded to
cypherpunks anyhow.
"Ownership" of a mailing list isn't a simple thing. The exact instance of
majordomo running on toad and administered by Eric is not "the cypherpunks

@_date: 1994-12-01 08:07:04
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
I think it does change the situation.  I'm not even sure if Eric _could_
trademark the name "cypherpunks". Isn't there a requirement that it not be
"common usage" or something at the time your copyright it?
Assuming Eric could trademark the list, but just chooses not to, then
what's to stop _me_ from getting a trademark on the name "cypherpunks" when
I start my own competing list?
If I started a competing list, named it cypherpunks (or better-cypherpunks,
or whatever), and trademarked the name "cypherpunks", would that mean that
I owned the cypherpunks list? Or would Eric still own it?  Or would nobody
own it?
Intellectural property is a tricky business, whether you are just looking
at it from the legal perspective, or whether you are looking at it from an
ethical or pragmatic perspective.  And the issue of "ownership" of the
cypherpunks list seems a particular tricky instance of intellectual
property, from a legal, ethical, or pragmatic point of view.
It really doesn't seem to me  that Eric "owns" cypherpunks in the same way
I own my car, or even in the same way that Coca-cola "owns" the coke
trademark, and the formula used to make coke beverage.  There are some
fundamental differences in what's going on. Cypherpunks isn't so much a
service being provided by Eric as it is a group undertaking by all of it's
participants.  If Eric were to suddenly decide to become a buddhist monk
and not have anything to do with cypherpunks anymore, and if John Gilmore
were suddenly to decide not to allow the cypherpunks list on his machine,
the list wouldn't cease to exist.  It wouldn't even be hurt much at all.
It would just move to a different machine, and get a new list

@_date: 1994-12-01 08:56:17
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Mandatory sig workaround 
Not only does MacPGP allow you to sign the clipboard, but there are
applescripts available so you can sign the clipboard without even switching to
MacPGP and doing it manually. Just choose the script from a pulldown menu, and
everything happens automatically (you have to type in your passphrase, of
Additionally, there are scripts for Eudora such that you dont' even need to
mess with the clipboard. You choose one script from a menu, click on the
"sign" button, and your outgoing mail is signed. It would be trivial to
convert the script to sign automatically instead of asking you whether you
want to sign, encrypt or both.
For whatever reasons, the tools that are there aren't good enough for Tim.
Which is fine, I admit they still aren't perfect, and Tim, from what I
understand, has a complicated situation wherein mac tools aren't good enough,
he needs unix tools too.  Personally, I've found unix and mac tools that are
easy enough for me to use, but maybe I'm just a gearhead. Eventually easy-to-
use-by-Tim's-standards tools will come around, and he'll use them. Or they'll
never come around, and he won't.
But I think many of his posts are really misleading in implying that there
aren't any relatively easy-to-use tools out there. Maybe they're not easy
enough for Tim (and I'm not being at all disparaging here. I am perfectly
willing to admit that there is quite a bit of room for improvement with the
existing tools), but I think the existing tools are orders of magnitude better
then what existed, say, 8 months ago.  I use premail on the unix, and the
formentioned applescripts on my mac, and I am finally using PGP relatively
reguarly, whereas 8 months ago the tools just weren't available that were
simple enough for me to use.
Again, I don't mean to be knocking Tim here.  If the tools still aren't easy
enough to install/use for Tim, I respect that. I just don't want people to get
the wrong idea, and think that there aren't _any_ tools out there, or that the
cypherpunks haven't been doing anything and there hasn't been any improvement
in tools. I see incredible improvement in ease-of-use of available tools in
the past 8 months to a year.

@_date: 1994-12-01 09:23:29
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: We are ALL guests (except Eric) 
Well yeah. That was my point. Whatever "ownership" Eric has of the list
isn't dependent on trademarks, or on the fact that he was one of the
"originators" of the list. It's dependent on the fact that we all use the
cypherpunks that Eric administrates.  Of course there is nothing to
directly stop Eric from doing whatever he wants to configure the particular
software currently running cypherpunks to do whatever he wants.  But some
of us, or most of us, or all of us, could just move to another list. Nearly
painlessly, if the new list we moved to were set up to mirror the "real"
cypherpunks, but without whatever rules we don't like.
"The cypherpunks list" isn't the particular process that happens to be
running on toad.com right now. It's not even the address
"cypherpunks  Eric has control over one of those, and John
Gilmore has control over the other one, but "the cypherpunks list" isn't
either of those, it's the group of subscribers and the articles they write,
and no one "owns" that.

@_date: 1994-12-01 13:56:06
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: "Cyherpunks Named Official Signing Authority" 
I echo Eric's warning, that I also don't mean this to have anything to do
with the current thread.
The benefit of having the list sign the entire message, is that even if
people _don't_ sign the message themselves (assuming they aren't being
requried to ;)  ), there's still something left to sign. The list would be
signing to indicate that, yes, this message did pass through
cypherpunks  Regardless of whether the author signed the message
himself or not, completely different issue.

@_date: 1994-12-01 14:04:57
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: FYI: Eudora and PGP 
I have heard from the (one of the?) author(s) of Mac Eudora, on another
list, that full support for ViaCrypt PGP will be added to the commercial
version of Eudora in the spring.  And probably PEM support too. It's
unclear to me when (if ever :(  ) this will be added to the free version of
Eudora, or if 2.6ui (the only free (although semi-legal) version of Eudora
to support applescript) will be supported to.  I still haven't figured out
if ViaCrypt MacPGP uses the same applescript suite as MacPGP 2.6ui, which
is the neccesary detail there.
I found that exciting, and thought others might be interested in hearing
it. Or at least consider this post a welcome reprive from the Mandatory
Signature Wars.

@_date: 1994-12-01 18:54:37
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
Theoretically, your sysadmin could quite easily get ahold of your
passphrase, through a number of means, including logging all of your
keystrokes.   As a general rule of thumb, the sysadmin can do anything.
I'm also don't have the crypto-math knowledge to know whether it's easier
to crack your IDEA-encrypted passphrase then it would be to crack your
private key only having some ciphertext and perhaps some corresponding
plaintext in your possession. It certainly would be easier to crack your
passphrase if you use a bad passphrase, like an english word. Generally, I
think you don't want your private key falling into the wrong hands,
passphrase encrypted or not.
So if your sysadmin actually wanted to, your sysadmin could get at your
key. Now, obviously this doesn't mean that your passphrase might as well be
null.  Nor does it mean there's no reason to use PGP at all if your only
option is using it on a time-shared machine.  I have a feeling that many
people who don't know better think one of these two things after seeing all
of the messages on this list that say "Don't use PGP on a time-shared
machine! It's useless!"  It's not useless, although you are losing some
security by doing so. It's only a false sense of security if you don't
understand exactly how much security you are losing. [and admittedly, I
don't understand _exactly_ how much, myself. But then, I'm not using PGP on
a timeshared system at the moment.]

@_date: 1994-12-03 15:39:49
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
Huh?  Beta testing occurs after significant functionality in the _software_
is present.  The current digi-cash software, as I understand it, would work
find in a real-cash situation.  You would just need to pay for your ecash.
Yeah, a system would need to be set up to deal with fraud and such, that
might not be there right now. But that system is at an entirely different
level then the digicash software, neither vendors nor buyers would have to
deal with it.  The fact that real money isn't being moved isn't a
significant functional deficit in the digicash software, it's got nothing
to do with the digicash software.
It would be stupid to beta the software with real money, because then if it
something doesn't work right, people will lose real money. You want to make
sure that the software works pretty much flawlessly, so people don't lose
real money once the system is being used for real money. And to do that,
you release the beta software without real money.  That makes perfect sense
to me. Later, I'm sure, there will be a beta test using real money, once
the software is completely finished.

@_date: 1994-12-05 13:26:02
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Remailers and "##" 
I know there's some kind of a syntax you can use involving " with
some of the remailers, and the remailer will insert a header line
into the message.  But I'm having trouble figuring out what syntax this is. Can anyone help me out?

@_date: 1994-12-06 20:17:13
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: backing ecash 
Diffie-Hellman would seem appropriate here. Look it up in Schneier.
Vending machines seem a good idea too, but one unlikely to develop any time
soon. Or possibly ever, if the net becomes so prevalent that no one would
think of doing anything offline that could just as well be done online.

@_date: 1994-12-07 16:02:42
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Breaking the NSA 
Nah, no possible result would tell you this. Perhaps PGP is "breakable", in
that it takes something like 30 seconds of their computer time to break,
say.  But even 30 seconds would probably be too much time to spend on
_every_ single piece of email that crosses national borders.

@_date: 1994-12-11 16:16:05
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Broadcasts and the Rendezvous Problem 
I tried to discuss a very similar plan several months ago (maybe as long
ago as a year, I don't remember). No one seemed interested in it.  Many
people seemed to think that a newsgroup for this sort of a thing was a
waste of bandwith.  I don't really agree, and think that the bandwith is
neccesary for a distributed method of making the remailer net more robust
to remailers popping into and out of existence.
I still think it's a good idea though. shrug. maybe people will like it
better this time around.

@_date: 1994-12-11 16:51:50
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Articles on RC5 and GOST in January 95 Dr Dobbs Journal 
Well, it might actually say quite a bit about such laws, namely that they
scare people into _not_ remailing Bruce's code.  As is the point of such
laws, obviously. So they appear to be working, right?  People don't want to
do something that is illegal, even if it would be easy to do so.
But I had actually kind of assumed that this sort of thing _had_ happened.
If anyone in some other country wanted to get a hold of Bruce's code, it
would not be dificult to do so.  And I figure someone probably has wanted
to do such a thing, and probably has done it.
If anyone out in non-U.S. land wants Bruce's code, and has been unable to
get a hold of it, I bet a posting to alt.privacy.anon-server, or to the
cypherpunks list, would result in people volunteering (via anon remailers,
of course) to break the export laws.  The non-U.S. citizens asking for the
code wouldn't be breaking any laws, so they don't even need to use an
encrypted address block, they can just ask publically. A U.S. citizen using
PGP and going through a chain of 8 or 10 remailers (including non-U.S.
ones) is not likely to be caught.
Of course I'd never do such a thing, especially after talking about it
publically on cypherpunks.

@_date: 1994-12-11 21:03:12
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: RE:  Real-time surveillance of the police 
I'm not sure if you are being sarcastic here, although I don't think you
are. That seems like a slippery slope all it's own, there.  I don't like it
when someone tells me "what do you have to worry about if you aren't
breaking any laws," and I don't like it when someone says that about the
cops too.    That argument is awfully scary.
Yeah, if the cops didn't want to accept such a thing, it might be worth
calling them on their hypocrisy for applying that argument to citizens and
not to police.  But I don't think it would be wise to use the "what do you
have to worry about if you aren't breaking any laws," argument too often.

@_date: 1994-12-12 10:56:08
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Misunderstanding of Remail Headers 
Maybe the remailers should put bogus "From:" lines in, to avoid this?  Make
it "From: nobody", or "From: Anonymous", or even something odd like "From:
AnonUser!hfinney  Put in some other lines telling the
actual address of the remailer, as well as a complaints-to: address. Maybe
"Sender: hfinney or "Remailer:hfinney
The "From:" line seems to be confusing people.  The author of the article
quoted from the Globe & Mail appearantly didn't even understand the
disclaimer. The article was worded in such a way to make it seem the
disclaimer was saying that Bob Rae didn't really write the message, as
opposed to saying that Hal Finney didn't really write the message!
Something needs to be done so that even the most internet clueless will
understand that the message _isn't_ from Finney or McCarthy or Joe Random
RemailerOp, which appearantly isn't clear to many people currently.

@_date: 1994-12-12 11:02:04
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
When people have been posting their public keys, or encrypted address
blocks, to various lists I'm on, all of the "-----BEGIN whatever..." lines
seem to have a "- " preppended to them. So, for instance, they look like:

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:15:08
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: extra dashes in PGP-related blocks? 
Well, no, not really.
My problem was that a user would send me their public key, inside of a
signed message, and the "BEGIN PUBLIC KEY" stuff would have the "- " on it.
Which means that before I can add it to my keyring, I've got to edit out
the extra "- "s, and then save it in a file, and then pass it through PGP,
instead of just passing the original message though PGP, or using the Mac
"copy" command on a part of the message and sending that through PGP.
Or someone sends me an encrypted address block inside a signed message, and
I've got to do the same before I can use it.
I now understand why PGP does what it does, but it's still a pain. Perhaps
the ideal mail reading program would run my incoming mail through PGP
before I even saw it, so I wouldn't have this problem. Well, actually not.
My ideal mail reader would check the signatures before I saw them, but
would also leave them intact on the message, so I could re-check them
myself manually if I wanted.  Oh well.  It's not a limitation on
functionality of any kind, just on convenience.

@_date: 1994-12-13 13:42:11
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: bashing mcom 
Can we maybe discuss other things then how Mcom fucked up?  They've said
specifically that they plan to support IPSP as soon as it is viable to do
so. They've said they plan to support whatever MIME encryption thingamajigs
exist, as soon as they are standardized.  [And don't get mad at them for
waiting for it to become standardized when their own protocol isn't. I have
talked with someone developing commercial software who spent some serious
time writing stuff to handle MIME encryption, only to have the specs change
on him significantly.]
Now, maybe they are lying about this.  But you aren't going to get anything
else out of them on this list.  They've come as close as they are going to
to admitting they made a mistake with SSL.  I believe a good paraphrase of
what wa said (I didnt' keep a copy of the message) was that "however it
looks now, SSL made sense at the time, and it's a done thing now."  Maybe
they are only saying this much to appease the list, but again, that's all
you are going to get out of them.   It seems like it would be an
impossibility economically and public-relations-ly for them to just abandom
SSL, and they probably dont' want to either.
But they've said that they plan on supporting IPSP, MIME encryption stuff,
and anything else out there that will do the job.  I'm not sure what else
you want to drag out of them.  Can we maybe stop this flame fest and let
the list return to it's normal traffic levels?

@_date: 1994-12-15 12:36:14
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
HTTP and email, serve different transport purposes.  I don't think I really
need to explain in what ways they are different, because we all know.
Suffice it to say that mailing lists work better as a mailing list then it
ever could as a web page, even with forms and all that stuff.  A mailing
list is a different transport-method choice then HTTP is.
But there's no reason why you couldn't mail html documents.  html isn't a
"transport" choice, but a "content" choice. Maybe in the future all of our
mail readers will be able to render html, and people will send html mail,
with anchors and ordered lists and whatever else.  That's something I think
is likely to happen, eventually.  Email and HTTP are transport mechanisms,
whereas html and ascii text (which of course is a subset of html) are
content formats. And MIME is a mechanism for describing what types of
content formats are contained in the message, whether the message is a
usenet article, a piece of email, or a web page.   A given "transmission"
of course can't be both email and HTTP, but it could be email and use MIME
and be html.  Or be http and mime and html.
I don't think we'll ever stop using email in favor of the web and HTTP,
because they serve different purposes.  I don't think Tim really does
thinks we'll stop using email either, since I've heard him deprecate the
web several times.  He is just trying to convince us not to use MIME (or
html for that matter) in email we send to the list, and thinks maybe this
argument will convince us and not result in us calling him a technophobe.

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:54:56
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Well, I certainly agree with you, and I expect most everyone else does too.
No one expects anyone to spend lots of time with minimal returns on that
But the reason I think you are meeting so much animosity is because there
are lots of people here who think MIME is the solution to making encryption
easier to use.  Whether or not Joe Random User switches to a MIME compliant
app so he can see italicized words is irrelevant. But what _is_ relevant is
whether Joe Programmer writes his mail reader to be MIME compliant, and
specifically, writes it to appropriately deal with the
about-to-be-standardized PGP types.
We all agree that it's currently much too hard to deal with PGP on a
regular basis, for most people. Some people are satisfied with the tools
they have, but the vast majority of people either don't have access to
those tools, or dont' think the available tools are sufficient. It's not
currently easy to use PGP on a regular basis, and this is a big problem. A
lot of people are convinced that MIME is the solution to this problem, and
rightly so in my opinion.  And they take many of your comments to be
counter productive, in that we "should" be encouraging MIME, and we
"should" be excited about MIMEs possibilities in this area.
And of course people like MIME for other reasons too. But I don't think
anyone is trying to blame Tim C. May, or anyone else, for thinking the
current tools suck, and for not wanting to deal with MIME with the current
tools.  Everything is a cost benefit equation, and it's up to you to weigh
the costs and benefits.  But people see MIME as exciting technology, which
if properly implemented, can do lots of really cool things. Not the least
of which is make it easy/possible for mailers to deal with PGP correctly.
Steve Dorner, who writes Eudora, is working on a new version that will
interact with PGP transparently. He's been talking about it a bit on the
MCIP list, and I'm very excited about it. It should make using PGP with
Eudora incredibly easy.  And he's relying on MIME, and the incipient PGP
and encryption MIME standards, to make it work.

@_date: 1994-12-15 21:41:54
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Can someone (Tim maybe?) clearly delimit exactly what the issues Tim has
been raising _are_?
As far as I can tell, the issue is simply that current tools out there to
deal with enhanced mail features (like PGP encryption) just aren't easy
enough to use yet.
There seem to be two simple ways to deal with this:
1) Try to develop easier to use tools
2) Try to convince people that the current tools aren't as hard to use as
they think.
I am absolutely convinced that mailers supporting MIME in a rational way,
along with the new PGP MIME specifications, are the answer to number 1.  I
feel confident that anyone who examines the MIME specs will agree that if
mailers supported it reasonably, dealing with PGP would be easy.  I'm not
sure everyone here who is deprecating MIME understands what it really is.
MIME has nothing to do with annoying messages on your screen, and a
reasonable mailer wouldn't give you those messages.
But I think people on the list are doing both of those two things.  People
who know how to code, and who think that current tools _aren't_ easy enough
to use, are putting more emphasis on  (whether they're solution involves
MIME or not).  People who don't have the coding skills or inclination, or
who think the current tools are significantly easier to use then most
people realize, are putting more emphais on Those are the real issues here I think.  The convincing people part is
really secondary, in my opinion, because the current tools are nowhere near
good enough.  The developing easier tools is important, and if anyone wants
to discuss how to do this, I'm certainly interested in it. Like I said, I'm
convinced MIME is the answer, but a lot more needs to be said then "MIME is
the answer" (like what is meant by my phrase "supporting MIME in a rational
way"), and I'm also certainly willing to consider the idea that MIME isn't
the answer after all.
But comments like "well, MIME is completely irrelevant, email will
eventually disappear in favor the web," or similar stuff, just leaves me
confused, and seems completely irrelevant to me.  The issue is making PGP
easier to use.  If anyone really thinks that the way to do this somehow
involves HTTP, then I'd be glad to listen to an explanation of that.  But
as far as I can tell, whether you are talking about email or ftp or HTTP,
the answer is about MIME, and not about those transport protocols.

@_date: 1994-12-17 13:26:30
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Hmm. Does everyone that previously flamed the hell out of First Virtual
feel kind of stupid now?
Dont' get me wrong, I don't have anything wrong with discussing the
limitations of First Virtuals protocols or software on the list, that's
what the list is for.  But it seems kind of counter productive to be
viciously flaming people like First Virtual and Mosaic, especially when
both have said that they remain committed to cryptography. Heck, if they
hadn't said this, it would probably be even more important not to flame
them, cause we'd want to convince them to change they're minds. And being
rude rarely convinced anyone of anything.
I'm just issuing a plea that people try to be a bit less rude on the list
in the future, especially with Real Live Commercial Developers. Not that
commercial developers are better then the rest of us, but I'm sure we all
agree that it would be really nice if commercial software supported strong
crypto, and it's really important to get commercial developers to do so.
If some of them are listening in on the list, it seems a good opportunity
to try to rationally and reasonably explain why crypto is good (if not
neccesary, as FV claims), and what sorts of crypto are strong enough and
well suited for their applications.  Without calling them names.

@_date: 1994-12-18 23:46:03
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Name that phone (fwd) 
Um, could they maybe not follow to the cypherpunks list?  Phil asked people
to send suggestions to him with a particular subject. He didn't ask people
to send them to the cypherpunks list.   I hope I'm not being overly annoyed
here, but I just don't particulary relish the thought of 10 posts a day for
the next two weeks composed of suggestions for what to call Phil's crypto
Then again, I guess they aren't too much worse then 50 posts a day about
the merits of MIME, or whether Mosaic Communications is Evil Incarnate or
Just Good Capitalists.  But best of all would be to have neither those
posts nor posts saying "Hey Phil, how about 'Phil's Sooper Kean-o  War3z
D00d Ph0n3'? (PSKWDP) Cool, right?"

@_date: 1994-12-19 10:39:28
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: cypherpunks mentioned in Z Magazine 
There was an article in Z Magazine about the RC4 disclosure, and IP and
information in general on the internet, in which the cypherpunks were
mentioned.  They got a lot of information confused about cypherpunks, but
over all it was an interesting article.  Here's the first portion of the
article, in which cypherpunks were given prominence.
If anyone wants to write them and clear up their confusion between
anonymous remailers and mailing lists, or other errors about the 'punks
(which generally cast us in a worse light then we should be), their address
Z Magazine
18 Millfield St
Woods Hole, MA 02543
Pandora's Mailbox;
RC4 a secret no longer
by Mark Chen
On September 9 there appeared on the Cypherpunk's Internet mailing list a
short piece of computer code purporting to be RSA Data Security's secret
RC4 cipher algorithm.  RC4 is one of the most widely used commercial
ciphers, but its internals have for years been a guarded trade secret--a
status that changes within hours, as the program fragment, which simple
tests revealed to be the genuine article, traversed the the farthest
corners of the Net via e-mail, bulletin boards, and file transfer. State
Department export regulations, as well as intellectual property laws, were
smoothly rendered moot. As Cypherpunks founder Tim May says, "National
Borders are just speed bumps on the information superhighway."
        Soon after RC4 hit the Net, RSA Data Security (RSADSI) issued a
statement that read in part: "It has come to RSA Data Security's attention
that certain RSA trade secrets, in the form of confidential and propietary
source code, have been misappropriated and disclosed..."
        "...Not only is this act a violation of law, but it's publication
is a gross abuse of the Internet. RSA has begun an investigation and will
proceed with legal action against anyone found to have violated its
intellectual property rights."
        Setting aside the questionable legal basis of these threats, why
doesn't RSADSI bring charges against the person who originally released the
code?  The answer is that they don't know who did it. The code was
distributed through a mechanism called a "mailing list," a system that
distributes e-mail to people who have signed up to receive messages on a
given topic. For example, if you were interested in fish, you might sign up
for an aquarium hobbyists' list. People could then send email to the list
server, and the e-mail would be forwarded to everyone on the list. RC4 was
posted to the Cyperpunks "anonymous remailers" list. When an anonymous
remailer receives a message, it strips off all of the sender information
and remails the message under an anonymous pseudonym. Thsi effectively
breaks the link between sender and recipients, and makes tracing
        The intended purpose of these remailers is to allow free
distribution of various intellectual "commodities" whose distribution is
ordinarily discouraged by law or custom. A Cypherpunk faction called the
Information Liberation Front has long used anonymous remailing to
distribute inaccessible, expensive, copyrighted literature. Moreover, the
remailers serve as technological guarantee of the right to free speech.
They allow unpopular opinions to be voiced, while protecting the authors of
those opinions from retribution.
        Far from being a "gross abuse of the Internet," as RSADSI
maintains, the distribution of RC4 was a case of the Internet doing what it
does best--propogating ideas. While this act may or may not have been a
violation of human-made laws, it was a faithful exercise of the natural
laws of information flow... [etc etc]

@_date: 1994-12-19 12:04:46
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: List of reliable remailers 
Are there in fact any remailers out there that _don't_ take
Request-Remailing-To:, but only Anon-Send-To:? That is, are there in fact
any "eric" remailers, according to Raph's criteria?
I've used at least one of the remailers that's labled as "eric" on Raph's
list, and used "Request-Remailing-To:" with it, and been succesful.  I'm
wondering if this is the case for all of them.

@_date: 1994-12-19 18:26:28
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Newt says Clipper Chip is Dead 
Eh? What condition is that? I don't understand.
What condition used to exist that required the deployment of the Clipper
Chip, that no longer exists?
What was he talking about?

@_date: 1994-12-20 13:10:33
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: c'punks top 5 
Yeah, and ideally the software would allow "chaining" through several
anon-proxy-servers, similar to what you can do with the remailers.  I think
that would give you just about the most security you could expect from such
a set-up.

@_date: 1995-01-04 13:45:21
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: San Francisco Editorial 
I too have mixed feelings about CancelMoose.  But it must be noted, that
while it's possible for CancelMoose to be used for Evil Purposes, it
hasn't.  This isn't a trivial point.  The net collectively (well, it wasn't
really collective, but I suggest if this individual anonymous CancelMoose
hadn't existed, someone else would have done it) responded to something
that it's nearly universally agreed upon is bad; C&S-style spamming.  That
is an example of an anarchist non-hierchical system _working_, despite the
lack of rules.  And the widespread cancelling of anonymous posts, or posts
from communists or whatever, _hasn't_ happened.  And if someone tried it, I
bet it wouldn't work for long, something would be done to stop it.  An
anti-cancelbot that reposts anything cancelled by the Evil Censoring
Cancelbots, or something.  (Why haven't C&S thought of this themselves?
Would really create havok with all the cancels and anti-cancels and
re-cancels, etc.)
I dont' think Martha Siegel really understands what's going on (not a
surprise).  She is speaking out against a lawless anarchist net, and saying
we need more rules.  Because she's mad at people cancelling her posts,
mainly.  But it seems completely obvious that if we _did_ have rules, they
would prohibit the kind of really horrible spams she and her husband have
been undertaken.  Because 99.99% of the net agrees that those spams are
really bad.
But, like I said, such rules aren't even neccesary.  The net collectively
reacts. And there will be a counter reaction, C&S will figure out how to
get around the cancelbots, or the cancelbots will be used for Evil, or
whatever. But I believe firmly that that would cause yet another counter
reaction of some kind. And so on and so on. The net will stay at

@_date: 1995-01-04 13:46:49
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Siegel and Lewis 
Yeah, I encourage everyone to actually _finish_ reading that article before
putting Lewis on your permanent hate list.  I almost put it down in
disgust, from the stuff on page 1, but if you turn to where the article is
continued, it becomes quite a bit more balanced and less fear-mongering.
In a rather disjointed sort of way, that makes it easy to beleive the
article was mangled somewhat in editing. Perhaps they rearanged it to put
the "sensational" fear-mongering stuff first.  Which is unfortunate, and
perhaps intentional, because most people probably won't make it to the end
of the article, and if they do, will have been pre-biased by the initial
paragraphs, especially if this is the first they've heard of the subject.
But I don't have too much trouble believing that all blame belongs on the
editors, and not Lewis. :)

@_date: 1995-01-04 17:37:07
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: good news about the EFF... 
The more the merrier, in my opinion. As long as they can all get funding,
which admittedly could be a problem, but presumably if it is then some of
the organizations will just drop out. *shrug*  But in general,
decentralization is good, right?  I'd rather have 5 organizations defending
electronic rights then just one, when we know all too well how possible it
is for that just one to negotiate a compromise that seems more like a
betrayal.  The more active, funded organizations, the more it appears to
legislators like people are really concerned about this stuff, and the
safer we are against point-failure.  Decentralize, distribute, good.  :)
[Of course it remains to be seen if so many organizations at once can
remain active and well funded.]

@_date: 1995-01-06 11:16:09
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
While this might be secure enough for some people, it is important to note
that it definitely is less secure then the current free remailer net.
Currently, if I send my message through 10 remailers, many more then just
two of the operators need to cooperate in order to get my true identity.  I
think that at least 8 or 9 of them do, actually.
In a First Virtual payment-scheme remailernet, no matter how many remailers
I send my message through, any _one_ operator, together with First Virtual,
can burst my anon bubble.
I suppose this still might be enough security for some people.  After all,
penet is enough security for some people.  But I'd guess that most people
using cypherpunks remailers instead of Julf's penet remailer aren't going
to be willing to settle for it, because it doesn't give you very much more
security then penet.  My trust of Julf, who has an amazingly good
reputation on the net and furthermore isn't in the U.S. (and presumably
isn't subject to U.S. government coercion), certainly isn't any less then
my trust of First Virtual. And if I'm still sending through 10 remailers,
which I'd be doing for traffic analysis reasons, any _one_ of them,
together with FV, can compromise me.  Weakest link in the chain.  Which
means my risk _rises_ with increased remailer chain length. If I was
willing to accept that level of risk, I'd just use penet which is much more
The First Virtual method does seem possible for Julf's remailer, since
users are pretty much already trust Julf completely, so the Julf+FV system
isn't any less secure then the just Julf system.   But it's just not
anonymous enough for cypherpunks-style remailers.

@_date: 1995-01-06 12:39:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
Oh, you're suggesting that I'd only actually pay the first remailer on my
chain, and at the end of the month he'd pay some of the money I (and
others) paid him to all of the other remailers his transacted with over the
month?  I hadn't thought of that, but now that I do, I can see several
problems arising.
1) The initial remailer has no way of knowing how many subsequent links
there are in the chain, and so doesn't know if I've paid him enough to
reimburse everyone else.  I can easily cheat. He also doesn't know _who_
the subsequent chains are. He can deduct one "stamp" from the amount, and
forward the rest on to the next remailer, and trust them to do the same,
but if I'm cheating there won't be enough to make it to the end of the
chain.  Both of these facts (initial op doens't know how long the chain
will be, or who will be on it) are essential to the security I get from
using anon remailers, so even if they could be "fixed", it would be bad to.
2) This system requies a good deal of cooperation and organization among
remailer operators. They've got to agree to send each other the proper
amount of money, they've got to set up policies for what the proper amount
of money is, they've got to stay in relatively constant contact to keep
everything running smoothly.   In effect, a remailers trade association is
created, and if I want to use any of the remailers in that group, I've got
to use _only_ remailers in that group in my chain.  I'd rather use a chain
of remailers which aren't associated that closely, hopefully don't even
know each other, and possibly some of which only exist for a short period
of time (guerilla remailers, a risk if I'm paying, in that I can't
neccesarily trust them not to steal my money, but if the money I'm paying
is something like $.05 to each remailer, not a real serious risk).
Assuming that there will be some free as well as some charging remailers,
I'd also like to use some of each in my chain.  I see some problems with
the Remailer Trade Association allowing those transactions to happen.
(will they accept incoming mail from a non-affilated remailer, which surely
won't be paying them at the end of the month?  Surely not, which means if I
use any affilated remailers in my chain, no affilated remailers can come
afterwords. So all affilated remailers I'm using have to come before all
non-affiliated remailers, which is an undesirable restriction which could
aid traffic analsysis. If there are several affiliations, things get even
more complicated.)
There are probably other problems too, that I haven't thought of yet.  An
FV-style system doesn't seem to do the trick.  And it isn't an issue of
certain sacrifices you have to make in order to set up for-pay remailers,
as a Chaum digicash based for-pay remailer system would work admirably, and
none of my objections would apply to it.

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:30:13
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: for-pay remailers and FV (Was Re: Remailer Abuse) 
Hmm. Maybe I don't completely understand how this is going to work, but
won't _every_ remailer in the chain need to know your FV billing account?
How would the rest of them charge via FV without knowing your billing
account?  What Russell was suggesting (I think), was that only the first
would bill via FV directly, so only the first would need to know your
billing account, and then he'd settle up with the others at the end of the
month. (A particular variation of that scheme is what you mentioned later
in your message, and I'll get to that).
But assuming that every remailer along the chain _was_ charging via FV, I
fail to see how only the last one would need your billing account; seems to
me they all would, and thus any one could collude with FV to violate your
Yeah,  that's a specific instance of the type of thing Russel was proposing
in the message you were replying to. An instance which avoids many of the
critisisms I made directly after Russell's message, but not all. The
remailer operators still have to have an organization and remain in close
contact, which I am uncomfortable with because it seems to make collusion
more likely. And it's still dificult to intermix for-pay and free remailers
within your chain, or even just for-pay remailers from several different
consortiums. And there are a variety of problems in that inability.   [The
consortium, as far as I can tell, would also find it rather dificult to
charge more for a longer chain, I can't think of any way for them to charge
anything excpet a uniform amount regardless of length of chain, unless you
give the first remailer a way to tell the length of your chain, which is
undesirable. I'm not sure if this is a problem.]
And this level of paranoia would be perfectly well surved by a Julf/penet
style remailer, which _would_ work well with an FV-payment system, as I
agreed before.  The cypherpunks chained remailernet system as a whole is
overkill for your paranoia needs, but appearantly not for the needs of
those who use it over Julf's.  It appears to me, that an FV-style payment
scheme can't be added to the cypherpunks chained remailer system without
dropping it's security to the level of Julf's.  Which might be good enough
for you, but not good enough for me, or presumably for anyone else that
uses cypherpunks remailers.
[Do you understand how cypherpunks remailers work, and the difference
between them and a julf/penet style remailer?   Do you understand how
encryption is used in a cypherpunks-style remailer chain to make it so each
individual remailer only knows the next remailer along the chain, and not
the entire rest of the chain?]

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:44:48
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
Try to bring up objections to a digicash-style system that are applicable
to remailers.   I agree that they are different technologies that fill
different requirements, but it seems to me that the particular requirements
of a remailer system are only met by a digicash/magic money style
 I think  an electronic cash system that will work with remailers, must
satisfy these things:
1) You need to be able to enclose the "signifyer" of the transaction inside
encryption.  Whether the "signifyer" is the cash itself, or an agreement to
make a transaction together with a billing number, or whatever, you need to
be able to enclose it in a PGP (or other arbitrary PKE protocol) encrypted
2) The "signifyer" of the transaction (which again might theoretically be
the cash itself, or some kind of billing number) alone shouldn't be enough
to reveal the identity of the anonymous user.
Number two up there is what most of us _mean_ by "anonymous digital cash",
and FV simply doesn't meet it. FV might be perfectly adequate in some
circumstances, but it doesn't meet that requirement, and many of us aren't
going to feel comfortable using a system to pay for remailer access (among
other things, certainly, but remailer access is something that is worthless
without anonymity) that doesn't fulfill that requirement.  If the
"signifyer" alone can be used to determine who I am, even if it takes the
collusion of FV and a remailer op, I'm not comfortable with that.  Number
One is neccesary for the ecash protocol to work within the remailer
framework effectively; I've got to send each remailer it's payment within
an "envelope" that no one else can penetrate.
The use of an ecash payment system which doesn't meet these two
requirements can't help but _lessen_ the security of the current
conglomeration of remailers. Which is unacceptable to me.  Remailers should
be trying to approach the goal of ensured secure anonymity, and requiring
payment by an ecash system which doesn't meet those two requirements would
seem to be retreating from that goal, in a rather dificult to reverse

@_date: 1995-01-06 14:40:13
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
[suggestion that only the first remailer would get payed, with
justification for that.]
Yeah, that does seem possible.
One thing to keep in mind, though, is that it's really the _last_ remailer
in the chain that's taking the most heat, and it would be nice if they got
payed.  There's also an issue of some remailers refusing to be last in the
chain, so they dont' expose themselves so much. So the remailers which
_did_ agree to be last in the chain would obviously get used for this
purpose, while the others wouldn't, but they wouldn't get any more money
for it. They might even get less, since most people probably don't use the
same remailer twice in a chain, so the ones agreeing to be last are hardly
ever going to be first.   That seems undesirable.
Ideally, the forces of capitalism would work on the last remailer on the
chain, rather then (or in addition to) the first, to increase the number of
remailers willing to do this.  All this goes triple for mail-to-news
remailers, since that poses even more exposure to heat, and it would be
nice if ops were conpensated for.

@_date: 1995-01-06 20:13:43
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Carol Anne Whoever 
I don't care very much about Carol Anne whoever.  I don't care very much
about her plight.
I have received just enough information about her plight (via this list,
oddly enough), to know that I don't have enough information to tell who I
agree with in this dispute.  I don't particularly want to get enough
information to do that, because I don't care.  If I did care, I would get
the information through some other method then this list, because it seems
completely inappropriate.
The merits of netcom vs. smaller services seem irrelevant to this list,
too, in my mind, and I don't care to see those either.  If you were
I also don't care to see 10 or 20 posts a day by Carol Anne Whoever which
are resposes to random crypto-related posts wherein the whole post is
quoted, and then Carol Anne adds "me too!", or "Does that remind you of a
certain sysadmin? giggle, giggle.", or "Good point!"  I am at a loss as to
why Carol Anne thinks the details of her life, and her inane "me too"s are
of interest to the cypherpunks list.  I guess we can't stop Carol Anne from
sending this stuff to the list anyways (but I can killfile her), but it
would be nice if people would stop responding to her stuff.  Obviously if
you really feel it's an appropriate use of the list to do so anyway, I
can't stop you.  I'm just asking you to for purely selfish reasons, so I
don't feel the need to killfile people who make otherwise intelligent
posts, and miss those posts.
[I'm beginning to suspect that Carol Anne, and her sysadmin too, are just
tentacles of Detweiler.]

@_date: 1995-01-09 17:37:08
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: revoked transactions/guerrilla fee remailers 
Well, that's certainly true, for the reasons you gave.  Right now, it's
enough of a chore just to get non-anonymously run remailers charging for
operation.  And it's not easy to set up an effective guerilla remailer
I think the set of tools and environments that make it possible to run a
remailer anonymously and charge for it certainly aren't going to exist
until the component problems of charging for a remailer at all and running
a guerilla remailer at all are made easy.  I think once both of those
problems are dealt with, it won't be too dificult to deal with the combined
problem of guerilla for-pay remailers.  Or at least, exactly what things
are neccesary to solve that combined problem will be obvious.

@_date: 1995-01-11 22:00:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: How do I know if its encrypted? 
The context this was being discussed in, was trying to make _plaintext_
look like _ciphertext_. The operator of a data haven or remailer might
hypothetically want to ensure that all text he dealt with was encrypted.
So your method wouldn't do anything in that area.  Unless you can think of
a way to embed plaintext in ciphertext in such a  way that it looks like
ciphertext, and my guess is that any method that did that well would be
sufficiently obscure as to be analagous to encryption for our purposes.
Really bad encryption, with very little point, but still hidden text. Which
is the real point, the operator doesn't want to deal with any text  that
isn't "hidden" in some way.
Of course, we're not just dealing with text.  So the scheme has got to be
changed a bit so as to be able to detect unencrypted GIFs, and mu-law
files, and as yet to be determined unknown files.  I don't know enough
about what's being talked about to know if this entropy detecting stuff
will generalize to non text files. Cause we want to catch unencrypted GIFs
too.  [And doesn't compression alone do similar things to the entropy as
encryption does, anyhow? If someone compresses their file with a good
compression algorithm, as I understand it the non-randomness left will be
pretty low. But it won't meet the needs we're discussing, I don't think.]

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:01:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: analysis of RemailerNet 
Yeah, I think it made sense. Let me try to rephrase what you are saying in
English rather then math, to see if it's still what you are saying.
1) Attacker Eve wants to figure out who Alice is sending mail to.
2) She can weed people out by noting 'collection periods' where Alice sends
mail, but certain people don't receive any mail, and eventually arrive at
3) If Alice sends mail out in _ever_ collection period, perhaps just to the
bit bucket, this method won't work, because there won't be any periods
where Alice doesn't send mail out.
Hmmm. The basic idea here is simply that you should send out lots of cover
mail, at least one piece in every collection period, to prevent this kind
of attack. Best, a random number of cover pieces, but at least one every
collection period.  Several thoughts:
1) If Alice and Bob are both corresponding with many people, things get
more complicated.  I tried to model it similarly to the way you modeled
your simpler situation, but got confused quickly.  This would be a good
thing to look at.  Alice sends and receives mail to several people other
then Bob, and same with Bob.  I'm not sure how this changes things, if at
2) In real life, it's more likely for an attacker to want to discover Alice
knowing Bob then it is for him to want to discover Bob knowning Alice.
It's Alice who is being anonymous here by using the anonymous RemailerNet,
of course. I don't think this changes things either, but it's something to
keep in mind.

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:05:56
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Reefer madness 
I dont' find that particularly reassuring. "being able to punish people who
do it," is ultimately going to have to consist of preventing non-GAK
encryption, in the minds of the Gubmint.  You can't punish them if you
can't catch them, and you can't catch them if they use strong encryption.
Well, in reality you still can catch them,  after all no one can sexually
assault anyone over the internet (yet, anyway).  Sometime they've got to do
something in person, and there's no encryption in a physical meeting, where
everyone sees your TrueFace.  But I'm not sure how much I trust the gubmint
types to take this all into account, instead of just abolishing crypto on
the typical four horsemen platform.

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:13:52
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Data Havens..A consumer perspective 
You shouldn't ever give the operator the info in plaintext. Encrypt it,
public or otherwise, and distribute the key to your Band of Merry Men.
Then it doesn't matter even it's sitting on a public access Unix system, no
one can read it anyhow.  The main point of this kind of data haven seems to
be providing you a remote location to store your data, in an anonymous way,
so even if it does end up being found out, you can't be linked to it.  I
wouldn't trust the operator to do anything particular with the data other
then keep it safe enough so I can retrieve it later, and I'd take the
neccesary precautions to account for that lack of trust. The only reason
I'd trust him to even keep it safe for me, is because of reputation market.
If he routinely loses people's data, word is going to get around. On the
other hand, if he routinely shows people's data to the FBI, no one is even
going to know about it. I don't trust him not to routinely show the data to
the FBI, or store it in public.  Use encryption.
Of course there are different purposes for data havens, which would require
more trust of the operator.  But I'm not sure how well those are ever going
to work, because I'd much rather trust my encryption then trust the

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:19:31
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: How do I know if its encrypted? 
Hmm. I post through a long anonymous remailer chain to an appropriate newsgroup:
"I have made an archive of state secrets (or trade secrets, for that
matter, or pornography), available on data haven Wherever. Ask to receieve
the following file for a list of contents."
Seems it could be useful. Especially if you had some way of extracting
digicash payment from it, in an anonymous way.  But even if you didn't,
perhaps you want to make this info available as a public service. I sure as
heck wouldn't want it sitting on a hard drive in my bedroom.

@_date: 1995-01-16 16:09:41
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Announce: ChainMail 0.6b applescript for using anon remailers 
I've written an applescript for using the cypherpunks-style anon remailers
with Eudora for the macintosh.
It will take a message in Eudora, and construct a chain with MacPGP for
encryption, through remailers you've specified, and then deposit it back in
Eudora for sending.
There are still several features I'd like to add to it, but it's quite
useable in it's present incarnation.
You need a scriptable version of MacPGP, scriptable version of Eudora, and
some sundry scripting additions which are listed (with URLs) in the docs.
Send email if you'd like a copy, and I'll mail you a binhex'd copy. I don't
want it on any archive sites yet, because it's not really done, or fully
beta tested for bugs.  (so let that be a warning to you, too.)

@_date: 1995-01-16 19:25:58
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
I agree  with all of that.  Somewhat conditionally with what you say about
newsgroups, because while it sounds nice, it would be hard to implement.
I'm tempted to say that a newsgroup, by it's nature, doesn't have any
mechanism for control/government, once created.  And as such, doesn't have
any way to "decide" not to accept anonymous posts, or posts from a specific
user or remailer.  So I'm tempted to say "tough luck" to newsgroups that
don't like receiving anonymous posts. The alternative is for people
interested to create a moderated newsgroup, where of course the moderator
could refuse to allow anonymosu posts with or without the remailer
operators cooperation.
Yes, I think that is an excellent course of action.
I'm not so sure about that.   It might become neccesary, but blocking
remailer delivery to a particular address is a _much_ more desirable
solution, in my opinion.  If a particular person doesn't want to receive
anonymous mail, fine.  And it might be good to have a mechanism by which he
could make those desires known to all remailers, so he doesn't have to do
it individually.  But if he does want to receive mail from the remailers, I
think he's got to receive all mail from the remailers, and not count on the
remailer operators to play Identity Detective and try to screen out people
he doesn't like.  Same with a listserv and the requests of the listserv
operator.  A newsgroup is, of course, more touchy, because there really
_isn't_ a way for "the newsgroup" to decide not to accept anonymous posts.
And I'm not really sure there should be.
Part of the answer relies on how "independent" your remailer is.  If you
_were_ to take no action at all to people who complain about "abuse", would
you get in trouble? (from school, company, service provider, country). If
you would, then you've got to decide if you are willing to take the heat.
And your probably not willing to take the heat for Cantor & Siegel to spam
the net.  So you've got to do what you've got to do.  But, personally, if I
ran a remailer on a machine that wasn't subject to political pressure (from
school, service provider, whatever), I would never make any effort to
cooperate with other operators to track down "offenders", and I'd never
exclude any newsgroups from delivery.   Because I wouldn't want to play
censor and decide what "offense" is worth tracking down, and what isn't.
And because even having the _capability_ to track down people is really
dangerous, when you get pressure to track down someone you _don't_ want to
track down.  Much better to say "Can't be done, don't have logs, can't
figure out who it was," then to have to admit "well, I've tracked down 5
people in the past month cause someone complained about them."  Kind of
ruins the point of anon remailers. Best would be to have tracking down be
impossible, and it would be close to, if not entirely, impossible if the
user took the proper precauations.  But even if it's possible, it's
probably best not to develop a mechanism to do it.

@_date: 1995-01-17 10:48:34
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Abuse and Remailer Ethics 
If you chain it through 3 or 4 remailers with PGP, then pretty much all 3
or 4 of them have got to decide to sell you out.  I trust Julf a lot, but
I'm not sure I trust him four times as much as much as every other remailer
operator.  Or something like that.
You can also probably use penet as a link on your larger chain, although
I've never tried this to see how it works.
And I would note that the "subtle ethical discussion" seemed to consist of
the operator trying to figure out what he should do in the future about
this sort of thing, and he never even seemed to consider turning over the
name of the anon user.  Although he did acknowledge that in the future he
might, or might work with other operators to try and discover a True Name.

@_date: 1995-01-19 14:54:52
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
I was thinking of this same thing.  I'm hopefully going to have a unix box
on the net in my college dorm room soon, but I'm a bit hesitant to run a
remailer on it.   I'm a bit scared to ask whether it would be allowed, on
the "it's better to get forgiveness then permission" line of thought.  But
I'd rather avoid the potential of having to get forgiveness either.  If my
site had a "machine.remailer.net" address, there would be many benefits.
For one, I don't have to worry about some administrator coming accross a
list of anon remailers (in a Time magazine scare-tactic article, eek!), and
noticing that one of them appears to be operating from some student's dorm
room, and secondly, as Jeff says, people who complain are just going to
complain to admin They aren't going to take the time to try
to figure out that my IP address is really in oberlin.edu, and complain to
postmaster  So administration would never even realize
I was running a remailer, and since they haven't yet made any indication
that that would be against the rules, I would be in a good position.
Maybe it's time for Eric to figure out what he's going to do with remailer.net.

@_date: 1995-01-20 16:32:04
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Why emoney?  Why not a web of debt? 
Certainly, that's what money is after all. Pretty much.  But how are you
going to transfer these IOUs electronically in a way that is relatively
fraud-proof?  Digital money.  Ecash.  When we say "ecash", we're talking
about what Chaum was writing about in whatever paper, what Schneier
describes protocols for in AC.
Maybe the ecash is redeemable in US dollars, or maybe it's redeemable for
10 units of service from Jon Smith, but an ecash protocol is what you are
going to use to transfer and issue those digital certificates of value,
whatever the value represents.
And of course, if you want to use these certificates of value anonymously,
which is what is required to pay for an anon remailer, there are some
slightly more stringent requirements. The right kind of ecash protocol can
still handle it.  But Carol probably shouldn't be paying for a remailer in
CarolBucks (or CarolIOUs, whatever), at least not unless Carol is such a
big spender that CarolBucks are in wide circulation and used by lots of
people other then Carol.  Which I guess is possible in your system.
A pseudo-anarchist non-state-supported debt system would work fine, but you
still need a mechanism to transfer your certificates of value, whether they
stand for ten U.S. dollars, or 10 hours that Jon Smith will work mowing
your lawn.  And another way to look at it is that you are just proposing an
ecash system where every person issues their own ecash, instead of just a
few central banks doing it.  There are advantages and disadvantages to that
sort of thing, and it might be something interesting to think about, but
you ultimately aren't going to be able to do it over a computer network
without ecash.  Ecash is the way you represent value certificates in
digital form, pretty much.

@_date: 1995-01-21 15:41:17
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
If you are talking about remailer code, rather, I think.  The mac doesn't
have a built in mail system, like unix systems generally do, which you kind
of need.    First you've got to get a hold of a mail system for the MacOS,
ideally not POPMail like Eudora, but actual receiving mail directly to your
mac, and then you've got to modify it to do remailing.  And that
modification isn't going to be nearly as easy as in the world of unix with
it's .forward files and /etc configuration files that let you pretty much
direct output wherever you want.    Basically, the amount of code you are
going to have to be writing from scratch is going to outweigh any "porting"
you are able to do with salvagable code.
On the other hand, you could base a remailer on Eudora.  Which means that
people would right to your normal mail account with mail-to-be-remailed,
and by means of some header lines distinguish the mail to be remailed.
Eudora can filter mail according to header lines.  And Eudora is
applescriptable, and can call an external applescript (or actual binary
executable program, if it does apple events. Which isn't trivial), and tell
it new mail has arrived to be dealt with.  Theoretically the external
program could even check the body of the message for a
Request Remailing-To:
So they wouldn't need to put anything special in the header, like they
don't need to with current remailers, even ones that run out of people's
normal shell accounts.
Theoretically, you could do that. But it would be rather unreliable, and
slow.  And if there was a lot of remailer traffic, it would get in the way
of your normal email.  I'm not sure it's worth putting in the amount of
effort neccesary for what you are going to get.  On the other hand, the
amount of effort neccesary would be much much less then writing remailer
code which worked with a mac mail system instead of POP mail, as discussed
above. I dunno.

@_date: 1995-01-22 19:06:55
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: T.A.Z. on Disk 
Hm. Can we maybe head off the Ideology War before it becomes unstoppable?
Cypherpunks write code, and do lots of other stuff too, but I'm hoping that
endless political wars is something cypherpunks don't do, or at least try
not to do on the cypherpunks list.
[It's possible that the ideology of the list is as homogenously
anarcho-capitalist as it seems, but I'd bet there's enough anarcho-others
to sustain several never-ending political 'discussions' of the sort that
will make the list even less useful then when we spent dozens of messages a
day talking about logos.]

@_date: 1995-01-24 15:31:16
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Shell's authentication needs 
Well, it clearly can't be done over the internet.   But it's really just a
matter of putting a "place" field within the signature, in addition to the
"time" one.   And you'd have to trust the "stamper" to only stamp stuff as
"Cleveland" that he had a way of knowing was in Cleveland. It's really up
to him to figure out a way of verifying that. Maybe American Express
offices will start place/time stamping, and you have to physically go to
the AE office in Cleveland OH where someone takes your file and place/time
stamps it.
It's not as elegant as time stamping, because you really need face-to-face
contact. And you need to trust the stamper not to lie about his location (I
can't remember how much you need to trust a time-stamper, but I think it's

@_date: 1995-01-31 16:39:37
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Frothing remailers - an immodest proposal 
Yeah, this is really an excellent idea, that I don't see happening any time
soon. Although of course if anyone wants to write code for such a beast,
that would be really excellent.  If someone gets around to writing it,
it'll happen, but it would be a fairly big project, so I wouldn't hold my
break.  Safe TCL, anyone?

@_date: 1995-01-31 19:25:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: remailers and multiple recipients 
Can the remailers handle multiple recipients?  If I list several addresses
in the "Request-Remailing-To:" line, seperated by commas, will the remailer
do what I would think, and send off to all of them?
Anyone who knows the answer (either from experience, or because they run a
remailer, or wrote the software), please tell me. I've been trying
experimentally, unsuccesfully so far, but I'm not sure if that's just
because I'm using the wrong syntax, or the wrong remailers.

@_date: 1995-02-01 18:19:09
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Frothing remailers, the advertising and pinging problems 
I tried to discuss this very issue a few months ago, with little interest.
But I'm glad there's someone to discuss it with now. (read, someone who
will listen when I spout volumes to the list :)   )
Here follows my treatise. :)
We already have a solution, actually.  Raph's remailer list.  If you know
your remailer is going down, tell Raph about it, and he'll remove you from
the list.  [Better would be an automatic way of removing remailers from the
list upon receiving a PGP-signed message from the op, without Raph's
intervention].  Presumably, if your remailer never returns his ping, it
will move to the bottom of his list.  So applications like his "premail",
which use this list, won't send to those remailers.
This is really an excellent solution, and what it doesn't do, could easily
be added to it.  The problem is that it's too centralized. We like
decentralized things hereabouts, and Raph's list requires you to trust Raph
not to lie to you, or withhold information to you. And of course a
centralized solution is more subject to attack too; if someone mangaged to
subvert Raph's list (either by subverting his data collection methods, or
the report he generates), then an increasingly large portion of the
remailer-using-public is up shit creek.   Single point of failure.
A partial solution is for lots of people to run remailer pinging and
reporting services like Raph's.  Then you could use which ever one you
want, or even write a script to get info from them all and average em
together (throwing out extremely oddball scores, using some sort of
statistical method).  A better solution to the centralization problem would
be for _everyone_ to run their own remailer pinging service.  This solves
the centralization problem, but now when a remailer op knows his remailer
is going down, he can't simply tell Raph, he's got to tell _everyone_,
which is the same problem he had originally.  Also, this is somewhat
realistic.  People have been saying for ages that the remailer net is much
more secure when every user runs their own remailer, but it still hasn't
happened. For obvious reasons.
So we've still got the problem of how users are to tell when remailers go
down.  That's what I see as the basic problem here.   It really divides
into two problems: the "advertising" problem, and the "pinging" problem.
Which actually aren't at all completely seperate.
*THE ADVERTISING PROBLEM*
The advertising problem consists of how remailers are to get info out to
the Remailer-Net-At-Large.  I run a remailer, and I know my remailer is
going out of business soon (temporarily, or permanently), and I want to
tell people.  Or, my remailer has returned (or just started started
business for the first time), and I want to tell people.
        ++Usenet. Non-IP, but slow. ++
Usenet is an obvious solution, but the latency is too low.   But usenet
does work really nicely, aside from the latency problem. Remailers post
messages to alt.remailer.auto-announce, giving one of a number of
standardized machine-readable messages.  For instance FriendlyRemailer
might post that it's going down, and expects to be down for about 24 hours.
Clients, which could be other remailers, or chaining applications like
premail, would periodically check this newsgroup and keep track of info.
My client software might decide to stop routing through FriendlyRemailer,
and completely ignore the "for 24 hours" thing, and start sending through
there again when it gets an "I'm back" message over the usenet.  Or it
might decide to record the "for 24 hours" thing somewhere for human
reading.  If a new remailer appears and broadcasts "I'm here", it might add
it to the list of useable remailers, or it might ignore it, or it might ask
for human approval of adding it to the list. Whatever the user wants it to
        ++Direct TCP.  IP-required, complicated, but fast.++
But there's still a latency problem.  The only way I can think of to solve
that is with direct TCP connections of some kind.  IRC would be one way.
Remailers could broadcast "I'm here" every 20 seconds on an IRC channel,
and clients could keep an eye on this IRC channel to see what's up.  Of
course, then a client would need to wait up to 20 seconds before sending a
piece of mail, which is kind of a pain. So, instead, you might have a
background program running always, and tabulating data, so it's got data
stored and doesn't need to wait at all. (If the remailer said "I'm here" a
minute ago, that's good enough, dont' need to wait another minute for the
next "I'm here").  And then remailers wouldn't need to broadcast as often
as 20 seconds; something like 5 minutes would probably do.  So bandwith is
more reasonable.  If a remailer goes down, and you send a message to it
within 5 minutes, you are shit out of luck, unfortuantely.   The problem
with this solution is that everyone using it needs to be on the internet.
People haven't wanted to exclude UUCP connections and such from
participating in the remailernet (as remailer or client) in the past, and I
think they're probably right.  And IRC might not be that reliable, I don't
know.  And it requires a lot of proccessing power; remailers have got to be
constantly sending out "I'm here", client programs have to be constantly
running and scanning for this info.  Might not be that scalable either,
when you have 100 remailers broadcasting, and 20,000 users listening. Or
*THE PINGING PROBLEM*
The pinging problem consists of how clients (which could be other
remailers) can querry remailers about whether they are up or not. (and what
features the particular remailers support, which is also something that
might be advertised above, incidentally.)  The user is taking the
initiative, as opposed to the remailer.  Because maybe someone subverted
your usenet or IRC or other broadcasting medium, so you don't want to place
too much trust on it, and you want to check it yourself.   And maybe the
"advertising" medium is slow usenet, so you the last "I'm here" you got
from a remailer was a dated day ago. Is it still there? You'd like a quick
way of pinging it to see.
Again, we have two solutions: Slower simpler, being-on-the-net unneccesary,
pinging with mail; and Faster, More Complicated, need-to-be-on-the-net TCP.
        ++Mail ping. Non-IP, simple, slow. ++
 A mail ping simply consists of sending a message to a remailer with a
Request-Resending-To: yourself.  When you get it back, you know the
remailer is alive.  This has the advantage that it's hard for the remailer
to trick you, even if it is an evil NSA remailer that wants you to believe
it is alive, even though it really throws messages in the trash.   It can't
differentuate between your "ping" (to be returned), and a normal message
(to be thrown in the trash).  And you can do it with a UUCP connection, or
some other kind of store-and-forward non-IP connection.  The problem is
that it's slow.  Especially with the latency that secure remailers have to
put into the mix.  This could be solved if you could tell the remailer
somehow that this is a ping message which should be sent relatively quickly
and not re-ordered and latency-added like a normal message. Of course, then
you lose the advantage that the remailer can't tell the difference between
a ping and a normal message.
The way to deal with the high latency, would again be to have each client
have a background process running and pinging periodically, and storing
data.  Again, if it's gone down since your last ping, you are out of luck.
And this is kind of complicated, and high-bandwith.
        ++TCP transaction ping. IP required, complicated, but fast.++
Again, the other alternative is a direct TCP connection. Connect to a
certain port, say "are you there", get an answer.  I believe mixmaster will
soon support direct TCP traffic transactions, it would probably be trivial
to add a "pinging" feature too. Although really unneccesary. If you contact
the host directly, and it answers, you know it's there, you don't need to
ping.  The disadvantage is again that IP is required.
Advertising and pinging methods are needed.   There should be a way for a
new remailer to announce itself to the net (might not be trusted or used by
software, but it's up to the user), and a way for existing remailers to
announce that they are going down (and announce when they come back up).
There also needs to be a way for a user to "querry" a remailer
individually, instead of relying on advertising, _especially_ if the
advertising method is high-latency.
Both the slower store-and-forward (mail, news) techniques, and the faster
direct-socket-connection techniques both have advantages and disadvantages.
Ideally, _all_ of them would be exist.  Some remailers might only support
or deal with some of them (out of choice or lack of IP connectivity or
bandwith), but client software could gather info from all or some of the
pinging and advertising mediums, and make choices about whether to use
remailers, based on how much info it has, and what the info says.
And the issue not even discussed here, is that of having a succesful way to
bounce messages.  If all of your advertisment-gathering and pinging fail
anyhow, you should be notified that your message didn't make it through. It
actually seems possible that a succesful bounce method would remove the
need for advertising and/or pinging completely.  But a succesful bounce
method seems even more remote then succesful pinging/advertising methods.

@_date: 1995-02-03 11:42:44
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Compromising the first remailer 
Yes, but as long as _one_ remailer in your chain is not compromised by the
NSA, and if that one remailer has high enough traffic going through it and
does the proper things with reordering and latency and such (a big "if",
currently), you're still safe.
That turns out to be the whole purpose of chaining, since it has been shown
that it doesn't neccesarily make traffic analysis any harder.  The purpose
is to hope that at least one link on your chain is both honest and properly
working.  Yeah, if all the links on your chain are NSA-sponsored, your in
trouble.  Nothing that can be done about that.

@_date: 1995-02-06 14:08:37
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Cooperation 
Well... perhaps for a future remailer standard.  I think the purpose of an
RFC at this point is to clearly outline how it is that present remailers
work, and standardize the working somewhat, and provide a document for
people writing new remailers to look at to make sure their remailers work
like everyone elses (or are a superset of the "Standard Type 1 Remailer"
functions, a superset which certainly could include MIME or anything else).
The point is to accurately describe how most remailers work now, rather
then propose a major change in the way most remailers work.  The latter has
a place, but the former seems more pressing, as well as easier to do, and
perhaps a first step to the latter.
Changing "Request-Remailing-To:" to "Anon-Send-To:" is trivial, in that it
would be an incredibly minor code change, and in that some remailers
already implement "Anon-Send-To:".  But changing everything to MIME would
not be so trivial, and if we published a "standard" that said to do it with
MIME, we'd end up with a standard that in fact no one follows, that doesn't
accurately describe the way things are.  The remailers are definitely
evolving,  and it's been mentioned that it might be a good idea to have a
Type 1 Remailer standards document, and a Type 2 Remailer standards
document, etc.  But it seems of primary importance to first publish a
standard of how the remailers _are_ (Type 1 remailer), instead of how we
might wish they could be.   (Type 1 remailer with MIME, Type 2 remailer,
As for the idea of using MIME headers in itself, I'm a bit concerned that
it might make it overly complicated to put together a to-be-remailed
message by hand.  I'm not entirely familiar with MIME and recursive
encapsulation of MIME, so my concern might be ungrounded.  But I think it
might be a Good Thing that it's easy to remail a message by hand by adding
a simple "::\nAnon-Send-To:" at the top, and it would be a mistake to make
it more complicated or dificult to do this by hand, unless it's really
neccesary for some reason.

@_date: 1995-02-06 20:08:28
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: dna ink 
Something I've been is: Why can't one of your enemies just get a piece of
your hair or fingernails or something, and make their own DNA ink our of
your DNA?  They could probably even send it to this DNA ink company, and
they'd make your enemy ink out of your own DNA without even noticing.
Doesn't seem very secure to me.
[Yeah, it's not crypto related, but I've been wondering about this since
the topic was first brought up, and am somewhat surprised that of the few
messages there were making fun of the DNA ink,  none mentioned this fact.
Is that because it's too obvious to mention, or is there something I'm not
thinking about which makes DNA ink useful after all?]

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:45:17
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Judges-L FAQ 
Huh?  What kind of an FAQ is it, that can't be freely distributed?  If you
don't expect people to redistribute the text, don't call it an "FAQ".  The
phrase "FAQ list" is understood internet-wide (or at least usenet-wide) to
mean a freely distributable list of information someone might want on a
certain topic.  (It doesn't neccesarily mean "Frequenty Asked Questions",
literally, these days.  Cause there are often FAQs distributed that just
contain general information on a certain topic, but not actually questions
that have ever been asked before.  The Judges FAQ might be a good example.)
If you don't want people to redistribute the thing, the really should
change it's name.  And write very explicitly at the top of the document
that no one should copy it without permission of the author.   These things
just aren't generally supposed to be true of FAQs.

@_date: 1995-02-08 19:40:30
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
Right, just what we want to do. Encourage police officers to remain as
ignorant as humanly possible about constitutional law and citizens' rights.
If the police officers can manage to remain so ignorant of con law that
they have absolutely no idea that sometimes they aren't supposed to search
citizens' property, appearantly all the evidence they aquire will be
admissible in court.
Well, I feel safer knowing that we encourage a police force that won't let
a little knowledge of the bill of rights interfere with there ability to
apprehend drug dealers, terrorists, and pedophiles.
But if it's already current practice, it's already current practice.  Of
course, it would be nice if our legislators took time to write law which
_increased_ our rights, or which more strictly defined rights that previous
legislation and constitution as interpreted by the courts defined loosely.
Instead, we seem to to expect congress to constantly try to get laws by the
supreme court that are completely totalitarian, and feel lucky when they
merely reinforce preexisting undesirable court decisions. sigh.  Jefferson
_and_ Hamilton are both spinning in their graves.

@_date: 1995-02-09 18:48:28
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: RE: a new way to do anonymity 
Ay, what a good point.  I know this connection is incredibly obvious, but
just in case no one has yet made it, I will.  A "pipe-net" host running
Wei's L- modification to Matt's ESM, which was also running a remailer,
would provide pretty much untraceable entrance to the remailer net.  The
remailer software wouldn't even need to be integrated with the pipe
software in any way, as long as the user had a secure connection to the
host, he could just connect to the SMTP port and send the message to the
remailer that way.
I would guess that the attack Wei described, as well as almost every other,
if not every other, traffic analysis attack would fail if users were
utilizing this.  You could trace the message to a given "pipe net" host
using traffic analysis, but you wouldn't be able to trace it to a user, if
he was using the pipe net appropriately.  Obviously, this also requires a
sufficient number of people to be using the pipe net host, so that no real
information is gained just by tracing the connection to a given pipenet
host.  And of course non-pipe-net users are using the remailer on the
machine to, which makes things a tiny bit more complicated for the traffic
Note also that the bandwith could be kept extremely low.  Even something
like 10cps.  So, maybe it takes you up to a couple hours to actually
transit your message to the pipe-net host remailer,  but we currently dont'
expect instantaneous remailernet transmission anyway.  We've learned to
live with latency on the order of hours, as opposed to seconds, so adding
several more hours onto the chain isn't a problem.  And with a bandwith
maintained that low, the pipenet host could theoretically host many many
"pipe net remailer" client users, without causing a serious problem.
This seems like a really exciting thing to me.  That we already have the
tools available for, right now at this very second, now that Wei has done
the link encryption mod to ESM.

@_date: 1995-02-11 14:26:05
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Does PGP scale well? 
It seems like it might be important to note, however, that the government
identification systems are definitely _centrazilized_ modes of information
storage and distribution.  Credit buearues are less obviously centralized,
but still perhaps centralized.  And it could be argued that credit bureaus
would never have used a system like social security numbers for
identification if it hadn't already been in widespread use in the
centralized governmental systems which created it.
This is in sharp contrast to the decentralized mode that we want our
encryption and authorization to function in.  This is for
anti-authoritarian reasons, as well as simply practical reasons.  When the
government is involved, it can mandate that everyone use the system they
are in control of, and they can get the neccesary manpower to actually
implement a centralized system too.  But we don't want to have to trust any
one authority, and we also want a system where everyone does their own work
(like DNS, where every domain has it's own server), if possible.
Conventional wisdom is that PGP is inherently decentralized, and it is, in
a sense, and in it's current web-of-trust model.  But a
social-security-number model of key distribution would definitely _not_ be
centralized.  You are assigned your social security number by a central
authority, and others can look up your social security number by consulting
with that central authority, or with other authorities that have themselves
consulted with the central authority.  That's not a model most of us think
desirable for PGP key distribution.
[It also could be noted that a SSN has some contained meaning, where a PGP
keyid doesn't.  The prefixes on your SSN say what state (and maybe even
what county, I'm not sure) you were born in.  But generally this isn't very
useful information, so this probably isn't an important point.]

@_date: 1995-02-12 16:53:30
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
Keep in mind that it's been mathematically proven that factoring is
NP-complete.  That is, it's in the set of problems including such things as
discrete logs and the travelling salesman problem, such that if a
polynomial time solution is found to _any_ of these problems, one can be
found for all of them.  Of course it hasn't been proven that none of the
problems in NP can be solved in polynomial time, so it hasn't been proven
that these are "hard problems".  But I suspect that most problems suspected
to be Hard Problems that one could base a crypto system off of, are also
NP-complete, so it wouldn't be any better to use them then to use
factoring.   Logarithms, for instance, are used in some crypto systems, and
are another suspected Hard Problem, but are also NP complete.  So if
factoring is solved,  discrete logarithms will be solved too.
At least that's how I understand it.

@_date: 1995-02-12 17:26:36
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions 
Woops.  Thanks for the correction, and thanks to everyone else who managed
to correct me within only minutes after I made the mistake.  :)  You can
all stop sending me mail now.
[Moral of the story: don't make a math error on the cypherpunks list.]

@_date: 1996-01-08 06:27:59
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: "Re: NSA says strong crypto to china?? 
The Kurds in Iraw during the Persina Gulf war is an analagous situation.
The Kurds supported and assisted the U.S. government during the war.
Really pro-U.S..
At some point near the end of the war, though, the U.S. just started
ignoring them, and Hussein
started bombing them and killing huge numbers of them.

@_date: 1996-01-21 04:47:20
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Respect for privacy != Re: exposure=deterence? 
Nah, many conspiracies.  Lots of government folks doing their own secret,
non-secret, and semi-secret stuff in cooperation with other government
folks and non-government folks.  Adam Smith either said, or is frequently
misquoted as saying, that whenever two business people of the same
profession meet, it's a conspiracy.  That goes double for two government
agents.  [What's a double conspiracy?  You'd know if you were in on it.]
Or as everyone quotes Publius?  Who is Publius anyway?  Alexander Hamilton
or Tom Jefferson, or someone like that, I forget.   Would they quote
Publius if they never figured out who "really" wrote Publius' stuff?  I
dunno. Maybe eventually we'll know who We Jurgar Din "really" is.  But
probably not, becuase we won't even remember what he wrote, let alone be
interested in who he "really" is.
And I guess everyone doesn't quote Publius anyway.  But every American
Constitutional Law textbook probably does, and most American History
textbooks.  Maybe future American Bar Code textbooks will quote We Jurgar
Din.  Somehow I doubt it, though.

@_date: 1996-01-25 03:49:14
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: re: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
I don't understand--what would signatures on a nym's key be good for?  If I
sign your key named "Bruce Baugh", I'm basically saying that I feel
confident that this key really _does_ belong to Bruce Baugh.  Others see my
signature, and say "Jonathan, he's a groovy guy, if he feels confident that
this belons to Bruce, well, he's probably gotten the fingerprint directly
from Bruce in person, and I'm happy to use this key to send mail to Bruce."
If, on the other hand, I sign "Toxic Avenger"'s key, then what benefit is
this for third parties?  Since Toxic Avenger is, by intention, _not_ linked
to a real person, I'm not saying that I feel confident that this key really
belongs to any particular real person.  What am I saying?

@_date: 1996-01-29 08:59:23
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Opinion piece in NYT; responses needed 
This op-ed starts out by portraying the two 'sides' as 'lawmakers
safeguarding from crime", and "citizens bent on protecting privacy"--which
I'd say is fairly accurate.  The next paragraph, however, discusses the
fact that almost everyone agrees that 'better internet security ' is
neccesary is support for the lawmakers side of things. It goes on to say:
The rest of the opinion piece only gets worse--the author thinks that,
while privacy is a good goal,  "in no way should [privacy] distract
regulators from maintaining order and decency on this new frontier, nor
should it be allowed to defeat the progress of commercial ventures. "
Now, first of all, the cypherpunks are clearly an entity that values _both_
privacy and security, and doesn't see them as at all contradictory.
They're two sides of the crypto coin.  The very same encryption that can
make it possible to set up secure credit card transactions also makes it
possible to use anonymous remailers--and the security isn't harmed by
people with anonymous shell accounts or access to the net.  Chaum's
digicash could theoretically provide security _and_ anonymity, without any
Now, Walter Smith probably wouldn't be satisified with cypherpunkian
solutions--he doesn't want anonymous communications _regardless_ of whether
we also get secure credit card transactions, and would be perfeclty happy
with crypto available to everyone, and a law against anonymous
communications on the net.  But, regardless of his own opinion of
privacy/anonymity and security individually, in this piece he portrays them
as linked, and in fact mutually damaging.  There is a danger of this view
becomming commonplace--whenever we encounter it, we should take pains to
argue that privacy/anonymity and security _aren't_ mutually exclusive, are
sometimes mutually _enhancing_  (ITAR restrictions make anon remailers and
secure financial transactions a pain in the ass to set up legally).  And we
should make it clear that there are a lot of people out there who value
both extremely highly, and don't see any need to sacrifice one for the
other.  [I'm not sure of the proper email address to send a response to
this viewpoint, but you might try "viewpts which is the
proper place to submit "viewpoints", ie op-ed pieces in Business section of
the NYT].
Very interesting also, is that Smith explicitly says that privacy concerns
shouldn't be allowed to "defeat the progress of commercial ventures".
It's unclear exactly what the 'progress' that Smith is talking about is,
that would be defeated by putting too much emphasis on privacy.  But the
previous paragraph mentions "users will find it in their self-interest to
reveal more and more about themselves so the interactive system can cater
easily to their needs and preferences.... 71 percent of respondents found
it highly desirable to be able to receive customized information, while
only 35 percent felt the same about a guarantee of anonymity."  Smith
appears to be saying that the interests of commercial ventures in ammassing
data about what consumers visited what web sites, and what consumers are
likely targets of customized marketting (customized information?), should
take precedence over the interests of citizens in keeping their information
Many on cypherpunks are used to thinking of business interests as if they
match cypherpunks interests, I think--certainly they seem to where ITAR is
concerned, at the moment.  But it's good to remember that
'business interests', at least as interpreted by some businesses, are going
to contradict cypherpunks interets.  Unfortunately, business interests
often seem to have the advantage in the U.S. legislative process--with this
in mind, lobbying action from 'public interest' groups like the EFF, and us
as individuals, is more important when it doesn't line up with business
interests (protecting anonymity) then when it does (getting rid of ITAR).
Large corporations are lobbying for loosening ITAR, and we can help them,
but when lobbying for allowing anonmity, if it comes down to that, we'll
have fewer/less powerful allies.
Also, clearly in this survey, they asked two independent questions "Do you
find it desirable to be able to receieve customized information" (71% said
yes), "do you find it desirable to be able to guarantee anonymity" (35%
yes, which is actually enhearteningly higher then I would have thought).
In the context of his opinion piece, though, he clearly sets them up
against each other--what if the surveyed had been asked "When guaranteeing
anonymity comes into conflict with allowing commercial ventures to send you
customized adverts, which is more important"?  Obviously, that question is
biased also, but my point is that it's important to make this connection in
people's minds.      Here, there might _be_ a tradeoff--and consumers
frequently get up in arms about how anyone can get their credit report, or
their driving record, or whatever.  It's important that we create a
connection between anonmity on the net, and empowerment to keep personal
information personal--we need to link the "customized information" which
Smith's surveyees were so enamored of, to the privacy invasions posed by
credit reports and such, that consumers already know about and know they
don't like.
[I'm going to try to make myself write a letter to the NYT in response to
that viewpoint, making some of these points I'm saying it's important to
make, but you should too. :)  ]

@_date: 1996-01-29 13:16:33
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
If you violate customs regulations on the receiving end, all that's going
to happen is the book you sent gets confiscated.    Which is only bad for
the receiving party (in Germany), since you already have the money, which
is fine since it's reasonable to expect the receiving party in Germany to
know German customs regulations.  You, as shipper, certainly won't get
extradicted to Germany from Denmark or anywhere else.
Trying to ship smallpox to Germany might be another matter, of course.

@_date: 1996-01-30 11:31:21
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Congratulations to FirstVirtual for having taken key-capture techniqures
that everyone has known about forever, and skillfully propagandizing it as
a 'fatal flaw in software encryption' playing on the technophobia of the
masses, who are afraid of computers already ("INFORMATION IS INSECURE THE
MOMENT YOU TOUCH A KEY". snork), to engeder widespread fear in encryption
("ENCRYPTING CREDIT CARDS ON THE DESKTOP IS NOT ONE OF THE SAFE
MECHANISMS"), thereby (hopefully) enhancing market share of FV, which
doesn't use encryption.
1) I remember Mr. Borenstein saying a year or two ago, something like "We
have nothing against encryption; we're just using a non-encrypting
technique for the moment, becuase it can be quickly, easily, and safely
deployed by us. Eventually,  we'll probably use encryption."    Apparently,
this propaganda piece marks a change of strategy.
2)  This is the first net distributed "security alert" distributed that
I've noticed, with almost no real content.  No one who knows a bit about
computer security learned anything they didn't already know from that
"alert".  Rather, it was distributed in the _form_ of a CERT-like alert,
but with the purpose and effect that is almost solely marketting of FV.
I'm sure we can expect many more now that FV has pioneered the
propaganda-as-alert technique--people are really scared about virus and
security risks, since they know nothing about them, and will pay a lot of
attention to them (witness "Good Times")--much more attention then they'd
normally pay an advertisement.  This masquerading advertisement is akin to
the advertisements masquerading as editorial content that you see in many
magazines not respectable enough to prohibit such things.
3)  I believe that FV works by assigning the user some sort of id number.
They send the id accross the net, FV has a database with "FV-ID" <->
credit-card-number correspondences, the merchant sends FV the id, FV bills
your card and pays the merchant.  Now, if I'm correct about how FV works,
we could clearly write a program that searches your HD for FVs data files,
extracts your FV-ID from it, and steals it.  It could be a virus, it could
send the FV accross the net, whatever.  We could then use your FV-ID to
make fraudulently make purchases through the FV system that would be billed
to you.  This is essentially the same attack as FV "demonstrates" against
software encrypted credit cards over the net: that is, the "You have an
insecure system and if we can put evil software on it, we can get you."
True, we wouldn't have your credit card number, and we couldn't order stuff
from LL Bean billed to you.  We could just order stuff from FV merchants.
So maybe it's marginally better.  Maybe.  But I can't see any way FV could
be immune to an attack of this sort.  I believe that all they do is give
you a first virtual ID number sent accross the net (in the clear!) in lieu
of your card number.      With an insecure PC as an assuption (and it is
probably a good one, actually), I can't see how FV could be immune from an
attack of this sort.   If Mr. Borenstein or anyone else thinks it is,
please explain how.

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:59:01
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
At first I was going to say there was no way to do this--a program can't be
written to look at an arbitrary program as intput and determine if it does
a certain semantic action (steals your key strokes).    And I think this is
However, on the MacOS at least, I believe that a key-capturing program
would have probably have to patch a particular point (or one of a set of
particular points) in the OS, and a program could probbably look at the OS
in RAM (or wherever patches happen; in RAM I think) and make sure it hasn't
been patched--it's the way MacOS 7.5.X looks straight out of the
shrinkwrap, nothings been done to it.  Or report that, indeed, that portion
of the OS has been patched, and some program might be logging your keys.
[Of course, some legitimate programs might patch these portions of the OS
too--so you'd have to be careful not to have a hacked version of those
legitimate programs that also captured your keys.  zinc's next point is
relevant here, of course.]
Can anyone tell me for sure if this would indeed be feasible?
True.  But, remember, you've still got to trust the _author_ of the
program. Commercial programs generally dont' have source available, so I'm
basically trusting Steve Dorner not to have Eudora send a copy of all my
messages to the NSA.  Even if the sources were available, most people
aren't going to want to (or be capable of) going through the source, so
they're trusting other third parties who have said "yep, I looked at the
source, and it's okay."  And, while there are plenty of third party types
to look at a program like PGP (although, actually, I can't identify any
reliable third party crypto type, not on the PGP developement team, who I
know has looked at the PGP source and pronounced it okay. Doesn't mean it
hasn't happened, but it means realistically, users _don't_ rely on third
party guarantees of security in the source. Or at least I don't, but how
many of you out there know a reliable third party source that has given a
seal of approval to PGP, and specifically rely on that knowledge to give
you confidence in using PGP?)... umm, while there are plenty of third party
types to look at PGP, there are surely millions of lines of commercial
software produced every year,  and I'm not sure where all these reliable
third party types to look at the code are going to come from.  In theory,
having source available is good.  In practice, you still end up trusting
the designer not to do anything bad to you.

@_date: 1996-01-31 05:55:00
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: The FV Problem = A Press Problem 
I'd say _all_ news, not just software news, is P.R. controlled, these days.
You can largely hold Edward L. Bernays, the "father of public relations"
(who just died last year) responsible for that--or the societal conditions
that allowed Bernays to do his thing.  Bernays developed expertise in
"engineering of consent" turned the news into a commercialized and
manufactured commodity.  As the NYT magazine "people who died last year"
blurb on him said, maybe once you could trust that the news you read was
something that a reporter or editor independently decided was newsworthy.
Now, the news you read is manufactured in press releases to sell a product,
and is there because a well written press release convinced a reporter or
editor that a marketting ploy was actually a newsworthy event (or, perhaps,
because the advertising dollars that went along with the press release
convinced him).  Witness FVs demonstration of key capture becoming a
newsworthy event.
If you want to effect what's in the media, maybe you should learn how to
issue press releases.
Yup.   Throw the government into the mix too, and I think you've got a
pretty good model of the media.
"The conscious and intelligent manipulation of the organized habits and
opinions of the masses is an
important element in a democratic society. . . Those who manipulate this
unseen mechanism of
society constitute an invisible government which is the true ruling power
of our country."

@_date: 1996-01-31 11:23:04
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: The FV Problem = A Press Problem 
Chomsky generally takes those terms like that from the (often truly scary)
writings of others. "Manufacturing Consent", "Deterring Democracy," etc.  I
bet Bernays said 'manufacturing consent' at some point too, and this is
where Chomsky got it.
One _should_ be, but the question is whether that's the way the media
actually works.   Now, clearly, with thousands of journalists all doing
their own thing, no one model of the media is going to be all encompassing.
Journalists all believe they are looking for real news, of course--but when
it's so much (much, much) easier (and, equally importantly, less
time-consuming) to get leads from press releases then from investigation...
the key, of course, is for the press releases to convince the journalist
that what they're talking about _is_ real news, and not just hype.
I'm sure Garfinkel thinks that the FV story is "real news", and is grateful
for the "alert" alerting him to it.  Although,  Borenstein says that the
Garfinkel article came first in this case--but he probably just means
before the FV 'alert', not before FV 'demonstrated' the issue with a
program of their own, which was probably Garfinkel's lead.
It will undermine their credibility among cypherpunks for a long time,
certainly.  Maybe even among the net--but among the vast majority of the
public?  It's possible that as "among the net" grows to include
increasingly more of the 'the public',  things will change.  But at
present, I don't think things will have changed yet.  The FV propaganda
will probably net good results for FV,  although not among cypherpunks.
Most people aren't equipped with the knowledge to tell that this was a
'fluff' piece, not meriting a full page story.  In fact,  most people rely
on newspapers themselves to make these sorts of determinations for
them--what topics are seriously important and newsworthy, and what topics
aren't.  Which is why companies can be so succesful when they can use press
releases to influences what shows up in the news.   Generally, press
releases aren't seen by the majority of the public, so they don't realize
that a story is taken directly from a press release.  Most papers use
press releases to write stories--maybe not the NYT, but most local papers.
And most people either don't realize it, or don't care.
It's a poor model in the sense that it makes us cringe with their tackiness
and phoniness, you're right.  But the question is whether it _works_, and I
suggest it does.  The tacky and phony press releases get just enough
editing from journalists to appear to be 'real' articles (although if one
practices... I think I can spot the articles in the paper written more or
less directly from P.R. with reasonable accuracy. )  The fact that there
are lots of people payed a lot to do "public relations" is evidence of
this,  I think,  as this is pretty much what 'public relations' is.
As tacky and phony as press releases are, I'm glad Sameer writes them,
because it's the way to get your issues (and often opinions) covered by the
press.  It's the way you play the system, unless the system changes.  Maybe
the system will change because of the Net--I hope so.  But, as the net
becomes huger and huger, most people will still have to pay others to
filter out the good information for them (only the truly diehard can still
read most usenet groups--or cypherpunks for that matter.)  And odds are,
it's newspaper-like organizations we'll be paying (many current newspapers
are revisioning themselves in just such a role).  And, as you identified in
your first post, it's in the interests of both newspapers and commercial
interests to continue the P.R. relationship.   Whether it's in the
intersets of the consuming public (or more importantly, I think, the
polity--Bernays wasn't talking about what you buy at the supermarket when
he discussed the engineering of consent) is more debatable.

@_date: 1996-02-02 19:02:12
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: RC2 Source Code - Legal Warning from RSADSI 
Well, now we know it really was RC2.
Is there a law-knowing type out there who can tell us what's going on
legally?  As I understand things, RSA is just bullshitting here.  When
something has 'trade secret' status, the only people with legal obligations
toward it are those with contractual obligations to RSA--you can only
enforce 'trade secrets' through contractual obligations, non-disclosure and
confidentiality agreements, etc.  Once something has been disclosed, as I
understand it,  people without contractual obligations in regards to it are
free to do whatever they want to it--trade secret status of RC2 has nothing
to do with me, who has no contractual obligations to RSA regarding RC2.
(Unless the license agreement for RSAref could be stretched to apply
somehow, but I don't think so).
Now, copyright might be another matter.    But you can't copyright an
algorithm, only specific text in fixed form (ie, the source code).  So this
would mean you couldn't use the particular code posted to sci.crypt, but
wouldn't stop anyone from using the algorithm, if they wrote their own code
(to be safe, without having seen the RSA-copyrighted code, only having the
algorithm described to them by someone else).   You can _patent_ an
algorithm, but as I understand it, something can't be patented and a trade
secret--you have to disclose it in full to the patent office to get a
patent, at which point it's no longer a trade secret.  And the legalese
from RSA doesn't even mention patents anyway (because they dont' have one,
of course), only copyright and 'trade secret'.
I'm not a lawyer of course.  Information from someone more sure of their
knowledge then I am would be appreciated.  But, as I understand it, they're
basically making stuff up, and there is nothing stopping any of us, who
haven't signed any non-disclosure agreements with RSA, from using the RC2

@_date: 1996-02-03 06:18:26
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: cypherpunks press 
The 29 January New Yorker has an article "Hackworm" that discusses the
Mitnick-Shimomura-Markoff echoing cypherpunks lack of sympathy for the
Markoff-Shimomura P.R. extravaganza.  Article ends mentioning cypherpunks
and John Gilmore specifically, discussion of crypto politics, while not
entirely toe-ing the cypherpunks party line, an enhearteningly informed and
rational treatement.
[An altavista search reveals the New Yorker is at
 but they don't seem to put the
entire issue online, and parts of the 15 January issue is what you get when
you click on "current issue"]

@_date: 1996-02-03 07:49:01
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks press 
The article mentions the cypherpunks, and spends a couple pages discusing
crypto politics and internet security issues.  Like I said, I found it an
unusually well-informed article for the conventional press.  I thought
other cypherpunks list members would be interested in a pointer to it, both
because it discusses the cypherpunks list and because it discusses crypto
politics in a fairly intelligent manner.  And, yes, because it was also
about Mitnick-Markoff-Shimomura, and despite your constant protests that it
isn't a cypherpunks issue, I know that many on the list disagree and are
interested in the issue (and have opinions about it, individually; of
course there is no group mind 'cypherpunks opinion'.)  And, also, because I
think media analysis and issues of what the media is doing and how it works
are 'cypherpunks issues'--that is, issues with a direct relationship to the
crypto issues often discussed here, and which a large proportion of list
members are interested in discussing and hearing about.
I don't see why you, Perry, are the arbiter of what is and is not a
'cypherpunk issue'--if there are lots of people interested in discussing a
certain issue or type of issue on the list, it's going to be discussed.
All you can do is increase the noise on the list even futher by constantly
complaining about it.   Which you seem to enjoy, so go ahead, I guess.

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:19:16
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Futplex makes the news! 
The AP article on the net that someone referenced for us before
g%2Fag052102), fortunately portrays Futplex M accurately as a principled
free speech crusador, rather then a Nazi, with a few good quotes from F
(nice job Futplex!).     [And Rich Graves should be pleased to see his name
gets mentioned _before_ Declan's.  snork.]   I hope he doesn't get into too
much trouble with UMASS, but I suspect he won't--after he gets called a
"free speech activist" on the AP wire, umass is going to look really bad
punishing him for his activism.   [I guess they've already told him he has
to take it down, but it served it's purpose anyway].
I think the whole endeavor was a resounding success, and I wish I had been
on the ball enough to participate in it.  So, nazi wierdos even worse then
Zundel have appropriated his views--only goes to show that when you try to
censor something (on the net especially--but this has always been true to
some extent, and you can frequently hear ACLU types worthily propagandizing
it), all you do is end up giving it free publicity.  So what if the
'holocost nostra' is delighting in calling Zundel "nazi scum", or whatever.
I haven't read his stuff, so I don't know if I think him deserving of that
title or not, but they can certainly exercise their freedom of speech in
saying so. (Although if they're not careful I suppose Zundel could exercise
his freedom of filing a libel lawsuit against them).
The important thing is that Rich, Declan, Futplex, and anyone else
participating showed the world that censorship on the internet, if not
impossible, is at least a good deal more dificult then people thought.
And,  just as importantly, that they defeated this individual act of
censorship thoroughly.  (Yes, I think participating in the defeat of
censorship is worthy even when it's nazi stuff you're protecting.  A
'banned sites' page on the WWW would be a great thing, even if it contained
a majority of links to neo-nazi propaganda.  If censorship attempts
continue, one of us ought to make such a site--and, of course, mirror it
throughout the universe).
[ Thought--if Germany was blocking sites that contained pornography
instead, not only would Rich/Declan/Futplex probably have been more
reluctant to mirror it, but they probably would have gotten in legal
trouble for doing so, even in the U.S.  And, of course, would have brought
their web servers to a standstill as the entire world tried to get erotic
pictures from their sites.  And the AP article probably wouldn't have been
so kind.   It's ironic and sad that in 1996 America, pictures of people
having sex are more dangerous contraband then is anti-semetic propaganda.]

@_date: 1996-02-29 17:25:49
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Remember, RC4 is now PC1 
Umm, if the _algorithm_ is different enough, it's a different algorithm and
it's not even an issue.   I guess you mean if the algorithm is the
substantially the same, but the code implementing it is substantially
But I'm not sure that matters anyway.  The way I understand it with trade
secrets is:  If I'm an employee of PKP (let's pretend they have employees
who actually look at code), and they want to keep something a trade secret,
they make me sign a non-disclosure agreement.  If I break it, and they can
prove I broke it, I am in big trouble for breach of contract.   I guess if
I can make up a convincing enough lie about inventing it from scratch, I
can get off.  But if I work for PKP, I don't think I'm going to have too
much luck convincing a jury that I just coincidentally stumbled on the same
If I, who has signed a non-disclosure agreement with PKP, takes the trade
secret code and sends it to Mutant Rob, and Mutant Rob posts it near and
far, Mutant Rob hasn't done anything illegal, and hasn't broken any
contractual obligations, and is basically doing fine.  As I understand it.
So it doens't matter if he pretends he invented it himself or not.  Of
course, if they take him in the back room and introduce him to "Mr. Thingy"
(or make him testify in court, if you prefer), and they find out it was me
who sent it to him, I'm still in Big Trouble.
Trade secrets don't really have any legal standing or protection, for the
most part.  They're just things a company is trying to keep secret, for the
most part.  Generally by using non-disclosure agreements.

@_date: 1996-03-05 12:10:10
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: art-stego 
The way I understand steganography working, you would use it to hide
mathematically random data.  Mainly encrypted data.  Like a PGP encrypted
message, but with all PGP headers and other non-random data removed.
Photos are a great medium for steganography, since they already contain
noise of various sorts.  So a good steganography algorithm (which I
understand exists) merely changes the values of the noise so that it now
encodes your (random) message.  So there's no way to look for "suspicious
bit patterns", and even if you use a publically available stego program to
encode your data, and they use the same program to unstego your data, all
they wind up with is a random bit stream, and they have no way of telling
if it's just noise in the picture or your PGP encrypted message.   So you
already have all the plausible deniability you need, and I don't see how
Jim's method is an improvement.
Of course, if they have methods to crack PGP encrypted messages, and they
use it on yours even without being sure it is an encyrypted message, and
eventually wind up with a clear text message, well, then they've got your
clear text message.  And you are unlikely to be able to claim that it's
just a coincidence they managed to extract several paragraphs about
laundering money in bermuda from the GIF or orca the killer whale.  But
this is true of any stego method--if they can manage to get a cleartext
message out of it, plausible deniability is unlikely to get you far.
Am I wrong about any of the above?

@_date: 1996-03-09 13:13:27
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Remailer Security 
Um, there's no reason why your remailer's account needs to be logged into
interactively, is there?  Seems like remailer ops should disable login to
remailer accounts, putting '*' into the password field in /etc/passwd, or
however unix lets you disable login (I know it does).
Obviously, the general security risk of someone gaining unauthorized access
to the remailer executable or data files is still there, and important to
keep in mind.  But this would seem to be a fairly logical security measure.

@_date: 1996-03-08 19:26:57
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous remailers and Leahy bill 
How is this differnet then me calling up AOL and saying "Using a friend's
account whose password I have, I'm going to send child pornography out to
many people sometime tommorow"?
I don't know if it is or not, but hopefully it's the same.  As long as
anonymous remailers are legally identical to ISPs, I think we don't have to
worry too much becuase ISPs are now serious money-making businesses with
lots to spend on lobbying and legal fees, and will fight any laws that
effect them such.   Whether this Leahy bill is passed or not, clearly AOL
is not going to quietly shut down their entire company after receiving such
a phone call.  And they can't really do anything to stop the theoretical
next-day child porn mailing either.  [If you like, have the phone caller
threaten to send out encrypted child porn, just to make it more perfect an
So it would be beneficial to present anonymous remailers as just another
sort of internet service provider.  And we only really have to worry when
there are laws that seem to apply to anon remailers but not AOL.

@_date: 1996-03-20 13:27:41
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Re: The return of the IPG Unbreakable System (fwd) 
You used to claim "our system is absolutely safe, we're sure of it, but we
can't tell you the algorithm cause it's secret."  People said that was
stupid, so you finally agreed to show people the algorithm (apparently
sending it to them unsolicited, and then expecting them to be bound to some
sort of non-disclosure agreement?  You might want to hire a lawyer to
familiarize you with how trade secrets work legally, cause they don't work
like you think they work).  The people you showed the algorithm to pointed
out flaws in it.
Now you say "Yeah, okay so there were flaws, but we'll fix them and then it
will be perfect, except you can't see the code or algorithm cause it's
secret."  Sounds like we're back where we started, eh?   No one was willing
to trust the algorithm before without it being reviewed publically.  No one
will be willing to trust it now either, _especially_ after the previous
concerns that the algorithm wasn't secure were _confirmed_.
The cypherpunks list doesn't have to provide free cryptanalysis to you.  I
doubt anyone will want to waste their time looking at  future iterations of
your algorithm, if you deign to show it to them.  The fact that people on
the cypherpunks list don't want to waste their time doing free
cryptanalysis for you doesn't mean that your code is secure, or endorsed by
anyone.  It means that even those who may have thought it possible that
your algorithm was secure after all have given up on that thought, or at
least decided that it's unlikely enough not to be worth much further
consideration, at least until you start behaving reasonably.

@_date: 1996-04-21 12:27:14
@_author: Jonathan Rochkind 
@_subject: Congress puts bomb-making material on internet 
Or access the congressional record on thomas, as Rich gives earlier gives
us a URL to.  Go to  choose the
second TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT--CONFERENCE REPORT link, choose the first
BIDEN link.
Congress is putting information on how to build babyfood bombs on the
internet!   Clearly, the first thing the FBI would do under the law Biden
wants is wiretap congress to see who is accessing the congressional record.
Wonder what the congressional librarians who run thomas think of that.
