
@_date: 1996-09-02 09:21:59
@_author: James Seng 
@_subject: Re: DON'T Nuke Singapore Back into the Stone Age 
Just let to add my comment in regard to this unforuntate discusssion.
To understand the sitution better, you should not impose America idealogy and perspection on how things to be done to Singapore. Singapore maybe young but there are certain culture too.
Most importantly, the move to censor certain WWW site actually comes as a relieve to many people, especially parents who worried about the bad influence of it. We can go into the same discussion about whose responsibilty it is but before you do that, please bear in mind that this is Singapore. As an example of what i mean, few years back, when they introduced R rating movies uncensored in Singapore for people above 18, it cause a surge in soft-porn movie to be screened. There is a general dissatifaction among the people and the government was force to shift the age limit to 21. And then later revised the R rating to R(A), where A stands for artistic which rules out soft-porn. It may be surprising but many
people (in Singapore) do welcome censorship sad to say.
In addition, you need to see the method of censorship deployed in
Singapore. For press media like papers and magazine, it is done in a
passive manner. They _do not_ read every issue of every magazine available
in Singapore. They only do so when there is enough complains. For example,
the incident of "Wired" banning due to the article "Disney with a Death
Penalty" was prompted by complains by the public before action is done. (This is related to me by some frens of mine working in the ministry who
is directly involved in the incident). Similarly, they are deploying the
same method to WWW. One more point. They know it is impossible to censor everything. It is
possible for me to order Wired directly from US. But still they do it. To
quote, "We are doing it for the sake of doing it. The intention is to make
it difficult to access to such information although we know it is
impossible to prevent all." (I may missed some words but the idea is
that). I have a long argument with this person, telling him that despite
what they have done, i could still access to those stuff which they ban.
his reasoning is "how many people can do it? 10%? 5%? That's fine with us.
If the people really wans it, they can get it". In actual fact, the move to put all people on proxy was not a surprise to many of us. The first time i know of such an intention was in Aug 95, which is one year back. They _have_ been doing studies and testing since then. The ISPs have been well informed and have been doing their own testing too since then.
I am writting this based on an experience in Singapore for more than 12 yrs (Yes, i am not a Singaporean). if you wish to rebuke the points which i mention above, please feel free to do so but do so in the context wrt Singapore culture. Do not impose the general idealogy and culture within your country into your argument. (Oh yea, dont give me the "Bull shit! This fren of mine so-and-so have said that ....". We talking about general idealogy of the people, not of a single person)
Lastly, do _not_ misunderstood that i support the censorship. I never do and never will. Nor do i really feels that what they doing are right.  There are some people like me who disapproved the moves but the voice is really too small to make a difference...yet.
Now, what makes you think that citizen of Country A has the power or rights to tell politicians of Country B what to do and what they cannot do?
Just wondering.
ps: Sorry for the off-topic discussion.
-James Seng

@_date: 1996-09-02 19:56:36
@_author: James Seng 
@_subject: Re: Encourage Singapore To Come Out Of the Stone Age 
I think you have misunderstood my posting. I never say Singapore ideas are
better than American ideas. What i am saying is that Asian (Singapore)
values are _DIFFERENT_ from western (America) values. [i know i am generalising]
When you look at the laws and regulation. You cannot just look at what you
think is best. You have to look at other things. Culture, social and
economical structure, religion and history. In every aspect, Singapore (or
most Asian for that matter) are different. Thus, you cannot judge a
Singapore government action based on your social background.
My purpose of posting is to hope to bring some light to the people here
about some social norm in Singapore, hopefully to explain why the government
choose to block certain WWW and yet was not strongly opposited here.
Secondly, you do not need to convience me. I agree with you totally. What
you have to convience is the general population here, against the culture,
the society and everything.
Nope. I am open to ideas which is why i been watching to this thread. I find
it is rather constructive to see how people think about Singapore and then
compare it with my own ideas. However, i also know it is useless to have
continue discussion with fanatic as they have a tendancy to distored what
you say to suit their argument. Nor are they particular open minded to
listen to others like our dear Tim has clearly shown us. This is why i am
responsing to your article and not his.
Sad to say, Singapore government does have a lot of power. But i am glad
what you mention isnt happening in Singapore. I havent heard of any serious
corruption cases or people accepting bribes etc. Nor does the people here
feel a suppressed nor are there general disatifaction. I think you are too
influenced with the persepection from 1984. *8)
All things works both ways. Power is no otherwise.
You dont go to jail for writing articles. You might be sue for deframation
if you published something untrue (similar to your civil lawsuit i guess?)
and have to pay large sum of money to the person but you dont go to jail.
And yes, they are telling the people what _are_ the things now so you know
what to avoid.
I am not interested in politics so i didnt really know what is happening in
that case. for that, i have no comment.
Very true. So does the First Amendment said. Singapore does have such
similar law as First Amendment which is slight "modified". You have freedom
of speech as long as your comments does not endanger religious/racist
harmony and national security. (I do not know the exact term..need a lawyer
for that..). The reasons for this are for historical reasons which trace back.
Fair enough. Point taken and you are right. I was able to say that you are
not the one who are going to vote for/against them in the next election. *8)
Perhaps but not to the other thousand of other cypherpunk subscribers. With
this, i hope i have explained any misunderstanding with the previous
posting. If you wish to carried on with this discussion, please feel feel to
email me directly.
-James Seng
