
@_date: 1996-06-15 11:13:30
@_author: "Josh Sled" 
@_subject: Re: PBS show 
Though I agree with you, and I think OS/2's WorkPlace Shell and
Presentation Manager is about 10 times better than MacOS, this isn't
the place for GUI or OS holy wars...
ObCrypto: Incorporating crpyto into a GUI : strong crypto (RSA, 3DES)
represented as strong locking devices (safe, vault, etc), weak crypto
represented as weak devices (padlock, chain-link)... what do you think?

@_date: 1996-06-25 14:15:44
@_author: "Josh Sled" 
@_subject: Re: info assembly line, "flits" (long) 
But I don't think that it's feasible at ANY point in the near future...
in fact, I think a better question is WHY?  What would we use this
newfound ability for?  Ok... maybe practical to store the data... but I don't think sensible. Think: if we had this ability with atoms, what would we use it for? Maybe tracking crimes... or political prisoners (where have the atoms
in this anonymous leaflet spelling out steps for rebellion come from?)
or just curiousity... sure, there are justifable uses, but does the
"savings outweigh the cost", so to speak?
I think we're too far from the limit to even begin to guess about how
information would be stored in such a medium.    But that's just my
thought.  For the sake of argument: why would we want to have this
level of complexity in a simulated world.  There is so much that can be
assumed that is repetative and wasteful in the real world, why would we
want a computer-generated system that must keep track of all this
That's why it's so easy to make a copy...  that's why we can have
backups and the cypherpunks list and almost everything on the Net.  If
we had to keep track of flits and update them constantly, things would
slow down a lot... but you're compensating for that by having
arbritarbily advanced computer technology.
Ok... in a far advanced level of technology, this and more would be
possible... but, the question is: do we need it?
For some reason, distributed objects come to mind... though I'm not
knowledgeable enough on the subject to know why...
But I think that this is the best system available for today's or the
future's needs... if we extended this concept to document fragments
(ie, if you use a quote from a document, that section of your document
has the same revision history, changed as necessary), then we have a
system that could be in use for a long time.
Again, I think a document system is the best suited for information
storage... the flit concept seems to be a great overkill.
Hmm... the only problem is that the "context" would be completely
machine enforced... you can't actually MOVE or COPY the bits off a
computer onto another computer... each side just would have to
intrepret the bits as being moved or copied... and unless you propose
storing flits in something other than bits, the disconnected chaos you
refer to is nothing other than software understanding bit patterns...
same as ASCII or a word processor file or an OpenDoc document.
And if the old document moved?  How would the new document continue to
know where the old document is?
*nod*  You're right... I don't understand your shift in thinking... it
doesn't make sense to me.  I think that conventional systems are very
well suited to information creation, retrieval and transport, and that
virtual reality, though still in development, wouldn't benefit from the
flit concept.
I sure hope not... why do you think so many people escape to muds...
real space is bad... virtual space has the potential to become so much
Perhaps... I hope not, because I don't think that it's a reasonable
concept for working with data in an on-line or even mostly digital
environment, but perhaps...
well... I'll continue to think about the present, and you can continue
to dream about the future....
Take care,
PS I wonder: do you envision flits being able to be created out of thin
(virtual) air?
