
@_date: 1997-06-15 09:00:40
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: IBM sues critics? 
Can someone explain the difference between key recovery and key
escrow?  The IBM white paper describes it at
 in terms of
giving a keys or a combination to your neighbors, but the
analogy was hard to follow.

@_date: 1997-06-20 06:13:04
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Senate panel nixes ProCODE II, approves McCain-Kerrey bill 
Will this narrow the bill so it no longer applies to researchers,
students and others who happen to use subsidized networks?  If so,
that would take out the worst part of it.  Key escrow when you're
sending to the government isn't so bad, since the government can
read your message anyway.

@_date: 1997-06-21 05:00:47
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Getting Back to our Radical Roots 
There were messages here some time back about systems like anonymizer
but chainable and using cryptography.  Did anything come of that?
Efficient anonymous web browsing could be a killer app for crypto.
Use anonymous web access to get to hotmail accounts like this one
and you have anonymous email, easy to use.

@_date: 1997-07-23 07:09:02
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: CDT's Berman Opposes Online Anonymity 
There is a project on anonymous communications by the
AAAS, very respected scientific organization.  You can take
a survey about it at Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:47:09
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Exit Remailer Suggestion 
Maybe your remailing software could connect to a URL like this and
imitate the action of typing in mail.  But it might have to login
first.  Hotmail asks you to log out if you don't plan to use the
system any more for a while.  So it seems like it keeps some kind of
record of who is logged in.
A good project would be to make an exit remailer whose only job was
to choose from a random list of hotmail accounts and redirect mail.
It wouldn't have to have a lot of complicated cryptography, it would
just be for the last step.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-08 15:34:55
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: "Voluntary Censorship" vs. Govt Legislation 
You can't make the web search engines do that.  It's a free country.
What you can do is to avoid the ones which have policies you don't
like.  If Altavista starts listing only rated sites, you can use a
different search engine.
Realistically, the percentage of rated sites is probably going to
stay low for some time.  The big ones will rate, though.  So the
question will be whether most people are happy with the "top 1%"
sites, or whether they want access to the whole web.
It seems to me that if you are using a search engine, you probably
need access to more than just the big commercial sites.  Rogue
indexes which don't block unrated sites may have an advantage just
in terms of usefulness, even aside from the politics.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-23 06:40:46
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Shooting the taggers 
No, the idea is that the taggers do their thing in order to see
the results of their work on display.  Paint over the results
promptly, and there is no point to tagging.
A punishment far out of proportion to the crime.
It is a mistake to think that all crimes should be punished by the
most violent means possible.  Notice that most proponents have
never raised children.  They need to learn the importance of
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-23 13:23:00
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Shooting the taggers 
You agree that the solution for taggers is snipers?  You agree that
children who paint graffiti should be shot, perhaps killed?
Your own child gets a ride home with a crowd of high-spirited
troublemakers, and on the way home they bash in J. Cypherpunk's
mailbox with a baseball bat.  JC appears on his porch and rakes
the car with his AK-47, killing all on board.  Is this justified?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-26 00:39:03
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: PGP5i supports RSA keys? 
bit key
TWOK!  Au contraire, mon ami...
Breaking a 2048 bit key is approximately 1E16 (10 to the 16th power)
harder than breaking a 512 bit key.  The RSA-129 factoring effort
broke a key of approximately 430 bits using about 6,000 MIPS years.
That is about 2E17 instructions.  Some estimates are that with
current algorithms, a 512 bit key could be broken with not too much
more work.
If so, the total work to factor a 2048 bit key would be roughly
1E33 instructions.
Eric Drexler estimates that with nanotech, it should be possible
to create a 1 GHz processer that fits in 1/8 of a cubic micron.
It would take 1E24 such processors to factor a 2048 bit number.
If we wanted to factor that 2048 bit key in 1E6 seconds, a couple
of weeks, we would need 1E18 processors, which would fit in a cube
100,000 microns on a side.  This is 10 cm on a side, about the
volume of a soccer ball.  A far cry from the whole earth, no?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-26 03:17:50
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: PGP5i supports RSA keys? 
GURK!  I meant that it would take 1E24 seconds for one such
processor to factor a 2048 bit number.  The rest is right.
Use an 8K bit key and it will be 1E30 times harder than a 2K key.
Now your soccer ball is comfortably bigger than the earth.  You
will have to convert the sun into a CPU to break it with nanotech.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-27 03:45:37
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
"William H. Geiger III" :
Well, I can't.  It's very confusing.  Are there judges in your
philosophy, or do you just decide for yourself who to shoot?
"You walked on my property."  BANG.
"Your music kept me awake all night."  BANG.
"I warned you to cut that tree down, and now it fell on my house."
Or how about escalation:
"You raped my daughter"
"No way, she wanted it as much as I did"
"That's not what she tells me.  You die."  BANG.
"You shot my son"
"Bullshit, he had it coming after what he did to my daughter."
"Bullshit yourself."  BANG.
"You shot my pa"
"He shot my son"
"You're gonna die."  "I'm taking you with me then."  BANG.  BANG.
BANG.  BANG.  BANG.  BANG.  BANG.  BANG.  BANG.
You know, there's a reason people started using judges to help
settle disputes.  There's a reason the common law evolved with the
idea of proportionate response and restitution.  This kind of
shoot-everybody-I-think-harmed-me approach just doesn't work.
Nobody knows what someone else will consider harm worth shooting
over.  If somebody disagrees that a shooting was justified, they'll
shoot back, and feuds begin.
The current system stinks, but your idea is no better.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-28 09:18:04
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
William H. Geiger III:
And how about our gun-crazy friend, who'd shoot anybody who messed
with him, his family, or his property.  What do you think he's going
to do when that witch down the street puts a hex on his cow and it
dies?  Sounds to me like we've got another shooting coming.  Is that
the kind of world you want to live in?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-29 02:19:57
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
Jonathan Wienke:
Maybe not, but how about the suggestion earlier to shoot people who
are painting graffiti on your property?  What happens if someone gets
shot in that situation, or in some other gray area?  How would you
propose to handle claims that a shooting was unjustified.  Mob
justice?  Get enough people in the streets to storm the house of the
Keep in mind that the majority of people may have views about the
proper use of force which differ from yours and mine.  Consider the
roundup of Japanese Americans during WWII.  Yes, a government action,
but one with popular support.
A Japanese man holes up in his house and shoots at those who try to
take him away.  A Caucasian man outside shoots back, fearing that the
Japanese is a spy, whose information will lead to Japanese victory in
the war.  Both men are shooting, both fear for their lives.  And in
each case, the fear could arguably be justified, based on the
information available to each man at the time.
How does your simple rule solve this case?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-08-29 06:45:11
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Socio-Economic Cults (Re: Cypherpunk Cults) 
Good description of the problem.  Nicely drawn.
dilemma. The real ethical dilemma was with the principle that you are
ethically justified in shooting if you think your life is threatened.
I chose this example as one in which both sides feel that way.
There are many other cases I could have chosen.  Between the two
examples given earlier, the armed prowler and the rude jerk in the
next car, there are a whole range of difficult cases.
In the case at hand, you seem to be saying that it is unwise for the
Japanese man to shoot, especially if he has family.  But is it
wrong?  Suppose he has no family, and he chooses to shoot, then gets
killed himself for his troubles.  Can you say who is at fault?  There
is something wrong with an ethical system which says both sides were
justified in shooting.  Yet both sides feared for their lives, and
that was what was suggested as a justification.
Keep in mind too that we should try not to rely too much on
hindsight.  Camps like Manzanar were relatively benign.  But
instead of a Japanese American, consider a Jew in Poland.  He's in
the same situation.  Hindsight tells us that maybe he'd do better
to drive off the cops and then try to escape before they come back.
Few Jews anticipated that the internment they were sent to was going
to be any worse than how it turned out for the Japanese Americans.
So if you want to say that the Japanese was not justified in shooting
because the camps were likely to be safe, the same would apply to
the Jew.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-13 01:27:28
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: unSAFE won't pass? 
So, does anybody besides me think these crypto bills aren't going
anywhere?  I still think it's just a trick to get the original bill
killed.  No way are most congresscritters going to vote for this
with all the opposition that's coming out.  Just my opinion...
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-13 03:20:34
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional    rights 
thousands of
Why do you say that?  Clipper was defeated.  People all over the net
united and opposed it.  Now there is this new threat, but at least
defeating Clipper bought some time.  There is no reason the same
thing can't happen again.
Sometimes I think cypherpunks *want* crypto to be outlawed.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-15 11:13:11
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: unSAFE won't pass? 
Declan McCullagh :
The thing I still don't understand is why anyone thinks the house
will support the new bill.  There were hundreds of co-sponsors for
SAFE in its original form.  The modified version is exactly the
opposite of the original SAFE.  So it seems like a majority of house
members should oppose the bill.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-26 04:04:58
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Exports and criminalizing crypto 
Without the export restrictions we would see much more crypto sold
and used inside the US.  I'll bet there are lots of cypherpunks who
are holding off releasing crypto tools because of these laws.  Look
at the guy who said he had to go to Canada to release his crypto.
And he had to stop thinking about it when he was in the US.  This
is crazy.
Yes, it is stupid to have a law that using crypto makes a crime worse.
But this is not that bad compared to some laws.  It won't affect most
people.  With the export restrictions gone, the green light will be
given to make crypto available everywhere.  Every data transmission
will be encrypted, and people will be protected.
It might even be that the criminal part will be shut down by the
courts.  Once crypto is everywhere, it will be impossible to do
anything without using crypto.  The law would then be like a law
which said that breathing air while committing a crime will be
illegal.  I'm sure the lawyers could come up with a reason why this
kind of a law will be unconstitutional.
At this point the SAFE law looks like a good one.  Everyone said that
there was no way to stop the FBI from putting in the restrictions,
but they were stopped.  Now everyone says there is no way to get a
good bill out of the Senate, or past the president.  People are
missing one point.  We are right.  Stopping people from using crypto
is completely the opposite of the basic principles of this country.
Look at all the groups which came out against the amendment to SAFE.
The ACLU, the religious right, the NRA (how often do you see them
working together?).  Business executives, law professors, technical
experts.  If this coalition can hang together and support the bill
in its current form, the SAFE law still has a chance at success.
Probably not this year because there is not time, but next year they
should try again.  Getting rid of these export restrictions would
produce an explosion of Cypherpunk style crypto software.  It is a
big win.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-26 06:21:53
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Exports and criminalizing crypto 
That's easy for you to say, there in England.  You don't have these
export controls, right?  How can you say what Ian Goldberg should
do.  I think he was not just making a political point.  From what he
said, he really does not release crypto from inside the US.  Only
when he goes to Canada, which isn't that often.  I'll bet he could
be releasing 3x more crypto if we didn't have the export laws.
Is he on this list?  Let's hear what he has to say.
PGP is a special case because it is already out there everywhere.
Still the example of Phil Zimmerman is a good one.  Even though he
got away with it eventually, they showed how they can make your life
hard.  Probably the only reason he didn't get charged was because
they couldn't prove anything.  Not many people are going to be
willing to take that chance.  William Geiger and a few others may
be exceptions, but most people won't openly break a law which has
strong penalties like this.
There is nothing to stop te authorities from prosecuting William
Geiger and even threatening him with jail.  There is no
guarantee that he will become another Zimmerman and get all kinds
of donations and support.  A lot of hackers thought they'd be heros
but ended up doing time.  Read that letter from Jim Bell if you want
to see how different things look once the government comes down on
Yes, I said that.  It probably won't go anywhere this term.  The
big question will be what happens next year.
But after all the opposition which came out, from practically every
interest group there is, I am sure that there is no way domestic
controls on crypto are going to pass.  Even with the CDA there was
not this much united opposition.  Car companies and phone companies
didn't fight the CDA.  Religious right didn't fight the CDA.  CDA
passed, remember?  FBI's bill did not.  And all the opposition
came together in a few days.  Nobody was ready for this.  Next year
there will be more time to organize, and the opposition should be
even stronger.
That depends.  The law may still be good.  Who cares about this
crypto center.  That's just another boondoggle.  The main thing is
getting the export laws changed.
Stupid, yes, but not that big a deal.  Everyone will have crypto
so every crime will use it.  Wouldn't it be better to have a world
where every phone was encrypted?  So what if they add crypto-in-a-
crime to every crime where somebody used a phone to plan it.  It's
not like people aren't going to use phones, or they're going to
turn off the crypto.  It really won't have any effect on anybody,
except maybe make some prison terms longer.  That's not my issue,
how long prison terms should be.  I want to be able to use crypto.
I hope this stupid mailer doesn't chop off my message again.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-26 07:28:43
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Exports and criminalizing crypto 
Well, I read the text of the bill, and here is part of what it says:
`(2) ITEMS NOT REQUIRING LICENSES- No validated license may be required,     pursuant to the Trading With The Enemy Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers
    Act (but only to the extent that the authority of such Act is not exercised to extend controls
    imposed under this Act), for the export or reexport of--
          `(A) any software, including software with encryption                `(i) that is generally available, as is, and is designed for installation by the
               purchaser; or
               `(ii) that is in the public domain for which copyright or other protection is not
               available under title 17, United States Code, or that is available to the public
               because it is generally accessible to the interested public in any form;
This sounds like it should cover the kind of crypto that we
are talking about and that Ian Goldberg does.  It is generally
available and installable by the purchaser (it's free) and
it is in the public domain and generally accessible to the interested
public, etc.  And see, there are no export licenses for this.
There is another part that has the stuff you were talking about
re "diversion" and terrorism, but that is separate.  It
is for software that is not generally accessible and installable
by the purchaser and all that.  More specialized stuff, like custom
packages.  But cypherpunks software is for everybody, and this bill
should make it free to export.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-26 08:21:42
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Why no version of SAFE removes export ctrls, and all are    dangerous 
Declan McCullagh :
            Sure,
            removing export controls completely would benefit
            everyone, but SAFE doesn't go that far: Only software
            "that is generally available" overseas may be exported.
            Which means if I invent a new data-scrambling method
            that nobody overseas has developed, I'm screwed.
This is wrong.  I quoted the part earlier removing restrictions on
generally available software.  Here is what they say about that:
"(A) the term 'generally available' means, in the case of software (including software with
encryption capabilities), software that is offered for sale, license, or transfer to any person without
restriction, whether or not for consideration, including, but not limited to, over-the-counter retail
sales, mail order transactions, phone order transactions, electronic distribution, or sale on approval;
There's nothing about it having to be available overseas.  You are
probably confusing it with the hardware part:
"(4) HARDWARE WITH ENCRYPTION CAPABILITIES. -- The Secretary shall authorize the
export or reexport of computer hardware with encryption capabilities if the Secretary determines
that a product offering comparable security is commercially available outside the United States
from a foreign supplier, without effective restrictions.
But that part is hardware only.  Software just has to be freely
available to anyone who wants it.  It's almost like this was written
just for cypherpunks.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-26 13:18:30
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: Why no version of SAFE removes export ctrls, and all are    dangerous 
Fine, but what I quoted to you was the definition of generally
available, FROM THE TEXT OF THE BILL ITSELF.  It is in paragraph
5B of that part of the bill.  Look yourself, or read it below,
and you will see that it doesn't say anything about the software
having to be available overseas.  That part of your article was
mistaken.  I like your reporting so I don't want to over do this,
but you should know that the bill does not require what you
            Sure,
            removing export controls completely would benefit
            everyone, but SAFE doesn't go that far: Only software
            "that is generally available" overseas may be exported.
            Which means if I invent a new data-scrambling method
            that nobody overseas has developed, I'm screwed.
justified it
want it
Section 5B from the text of the bill, again (formatted better):
  (B) the term `generally available' means, in the case of software
  (including software with encryption capabilities), software that is
  offered for sale, license, or transfer to any person without
  restriction, whether or not for consideration, including, but not
  limited to, over-the-counter retail sales, mail order transactions,
  phone order transactions, electronic distribution, or sale on
  approval;
Nothing about foreign software.
So you agree with his interpretation that software must pass the tests
in both paragraph 2 and paragraph 3?  That doesn't seem right.  Para
2 says that no license is required for the kind of software
it describes.  Para 3 then provides a procedure for authorizing
the export of software which meets a different test (similar to
what is allowed for export to non-US financial institutions).  But
these are different tests and different software.
I say that paragraph 2 applies basically to "off the shelf" software,
commercial or public domain.  No license is required to export that.
That's why there are those definitions of generally available and
as-is.  Software which does not fall into these categories can then
be authorized for export under paragraph 3, except that the
authorization can be cancelled if it is diverted to terrorists.
If they wanted to diversion rules to apply to paragraph 2, they
would have written it that way.  But the way it is written it is
only the paragraph 3 software which can lose its authorization.
This is a very logical interpretation.  There is no point in
restricting the export of paragraph 2 software since it is available
to anyone in the US.  Any terrorist can walk into Egghead and buy
Netscape with strong crypto, or any disk encryption package.
This is an argument which cypherpunks have made for years, and they
are 100% right.  Why is it so hard to believe that the congressman
followed the same logic.
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-09-27 06:12:54
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Technology center 
One of the parts that got added to the SAFE bill is this new
Technology center.  It is supposed to help the FBI when they
run into encryption.
We all know that's not going to work.  Not very well anyway.
Maybe if it's some bogus encryption like the SMIME that has a
new crack program out for it, they'll get through it.  But if it
is real crypto then there's no way the Technology center is going
to be cracking keys.
What I think they'll do is work on virus software.  They can write
something which will hack the crypto on your PC and make it weak.
If they want to wiretap some drug dealer, they get him to download
one of their programs somehow.  Maybe they've got a Java bug which
lets them hack files when he goes to a certain web page.  Or maybe
they get him to download some free demo of a game or interaction
service (hotchicks.com).  Whatever, the program actually looks for
PGP and other crypto software and hacks it.  Now the FBI can read
his stuff.
This is probably even legal.  If they could break into his house and
stick a bug in his computer, why can't they do the same thing
They might even want to set things up ahead of time so that crypto
software gets hacked for everyone.  They won't look, see, unless
they get a judge to OK it.  But they get some utility that everybody
uses like realaudio or winzip, and they convince the author to put
in their hack.  Now everybody who uses this has their crypto broken.
The FBI promises not to do any decryption without a warrant, so they
haven't actually stolen anyone's privacy.
Maybe they could even set it up so that it was only broken for the
FBI, that anybody else wouldn't be able to read it.
Do you think would try this?  What would you do if you were an
a**hole and ran the Technology center?
Get Your Private, Free Email at

@_date: 1997-10-24 10:34:46
@_author: "John Smith" 
@_subject: Re: US Senator Lott Criticizes FBI Crypto Plans (fwd) 
Senator Lott says:
Bravo, Senator Lott!
It is a pleasure to hear a Senator speak out against the FBI's
plans.  Plus he is basing it on the Constitution as well as
practical problems.  So many Senators become mouthpieces for the FBI.
What a pleasant difference.
Senator Lott's words deserve to be widely heard.  Let us remember
that not everyone in the government is in Louis Freeh's pocket.  With
people like Senator Lott we can still be confident that Louis Freeh's
Big Brother plans can be stopped.
Get Your Private, Free Email at
