
@_date: 1992-11-30 18:46:33
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Rumors of your existence 
As a follower of sci.crypt and comp.org.eff.talk, I felt I had to check up
on the owners, if any, of this e-mail mailbox that was listed at the end
of St. Jude's "Cypherpunk Movement" article in Mondo 2000 Issue 8.
How "patently false" are the rumors you can be contacted here?

@_date: 1992-12-05 14:51:18
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Hardware RNGs 
I just joined the list (rather loudly, I'm afraid), but I've already seen
several writers complain about the quality of RNGs and PRNGs for the purposes of cryptography.  PGP stores up keystroke-derived random bits
in a file, which has been pointed out as a possible security hole.  But
requiring random keystrokes every time one wishes to send a message seems
an inconvenient tradeoff, to say the least.
Someone posted a plan for a Zener diode-based hard RNG on sci.crypt a few
weeks ago.  I'm not much of a solderer normally, but this seems like a good idea if anyone out there has tried it out and tested the output for
nonrandomness.  (Of course, ideally we'll have alpha-decay-based RNGs
--guaranteed random by the laws of physics-- but I'll settle for thermal
noise on the cheap for the moment).
Anyone tried these yet?  More to the point, does anyone have some code
patches for PGP to use a hard RNG preferentially over other random
bitstreams?  (Yeah, it would be pretty easy, but there's no sense in
duplicating effort if we could get something standardized, pretty and
portable agreed on.)
P.S. Sorry about the wasted bandwidth last week.  My fingers were moving
faster than my brain, but I should have recognized this address as a
probable mailing list.  Thanks to all who politely directed me to the
-request address.

@_date: 1993-01-21 17:03:28
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Re: public servant privacy 
[Jeez, I feel like taking this to alt.cascade...]
. . . I believe the only way for the autorities to get around that is to grant
you immunity for whatever you reveal (if giving crypto keys is held to be
more like giving testimony against one's self than like opening a car
trunk).  They did it for Ollie North, and he used that to get a later
conviction thrown out.  To bring this back to crypto, the ability of authorities to compel
testimony from people by granting them immunity is a _great_ argument for
remailers not even keeping records.

@_date: 1993-03-21 09:06:16
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Looking for key-signers in DC 
I finally got my act together, and got PGP running on my pseudo-Mac
(actually an Atari with an emulator, but that's another story).  Is anyone
around DC and available to sign it before I send it to the servers, etc.?

@_date: 1993-03-25 09:19:42
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Distributed anonymous posting (was Re: Many Important Items...) 
We may be getting ahead of ourselves here.  Because of design decisions in
the cypherpunk remailers, I think they'd be a poor infrastructure for
anonymous Usenet posting.  Anonymous posting has been around as long as
Usenet, in the form of forged messages.  The most important service Julf's
remailer provided was a _return_path_ for replies, something cypherpunk
remailers take deliberate steps to destroy.  If one of the cypherpunk
remailers suddenly decided to implement anonymous Usenet posting as-is, I
think ARMM II would be the least of its problems.
I have been working through a few ideas for the design of a _distributed_
anonymous posting service, in which the loss of one machine would not
destroy all return addresses at that machine, nor compromise the return-
path database.  A handful of penet-style servers who share their return-
address databases (kept updated through an encrypted e-mail protocol,
perhaps) act as a Usenet "front-end" for posting.  But their databases
contain encrypted SASE paths through several cypherpunk remailers, instead
of normal return addresses.  Messages posted through any of the front
ends could be sent to the same user-name at any of the other front-end
machines, since they keep the same databases.  In order to assure that SASE
return path is robust, despite an environment in which remailers may be
shut down at any time, secret sharing might be used for remailer private
keys.  When a remailer went down, a quorum of the remaining remailer
operators would nominate a site to replace it, and send the "pieces" of the
lost remailer's secret key to the replacement site's administrator.  The
remaining remailers would adjust their "routing tables" so mail whose next
hop should be to the lost remailer is sent to its replacement instead.
The best part is that all of this would be transparent to the Usenet user,
who would just see a penet-style return address, along with a note in the
automatically appended signature that said that "if mail to an1234
bounces, just try an1234 or baz.fi," or whatever.
No doubt there are some problems with this scheme (traffic analysis attacks
on the SASE paths if the front-end database is compromised, etc.) that need
to be addresssed, but I offer it as a preliminary idea for a replacement
service whose stability would not be subject to the whims of any one site
or network connection.
  that only the author can cancel them).
Agreed.  This could even be implemented into today's news structure.  Old
servers would continue to blindly heed all cancel messages, while the new
software would verify PEM-style signatures, possibly as a header field.
And if a cabal of prudish newsadmins wanted to let each other cancel those
offensive anonymous articles at their sites, they could simply tell their
software to accept cancels signed by cabal-members' keys.  I don't see how
anyone could oppose this.
Joe Thomas PGP key available by request or by finger.
PGP key fingerprint:  1E E1 B8 6E 49 67 C4 19  8B F1 E4 9D F0 6D 68 4B

@_date: 1993-03-30 10:49:27
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: FWEE!: Supreme Court news 
In the ÒWhy We Need an Anonymous Whistleblower GroupÓ department, I
quote the last few paragraphs of a story in todayÕs paper (ÒJustices to
Rule on ÔPretty WomanÕ Parody,Ó but thatÕs not what this is about...)
The Washington Post, page A4, Thursday, 30 March 1993, reproduced
without permission:
   Separately yesterday, the justices refused to hear an appeal by two
   former defense contractors who were convicted in 1991 of illegally
   obtaining Pentagon information in the fraud scandal known as
   ÒOperation Ill Wind.Ó
   Thomas D. McAusland and Christopher M. Pafort, former executives at
   Litton Data Systems, which was seeking Navy contracts, were
   prosecuted under federal statutes that bar theft of government
   property.  In their appeal, they argued that government information
   is not ÒpropertyÓ and that no statute or published regulation
   actually barred dissemination of the information.
   Their lawyers said an appeals court ruling in the case, _McAusland v.
   U.S._, could make any leak of government information, even to the
   press, the basis for criminal liability.
[The defendants are apparently typical sleazy contractors who managed to
get some inside information on a contract they were pursuing.  Obtaining
such information was made a crime _after_ they got the information, so
the government charged them with the Òtheft of government propertyÓ
crime -JGT]
And, from an editorial in the Post (Ò. . . Custom and CrimeÓ), page A20:
   It is not necessary to make a judgment on the defendantsÕ conduct to
   be appalled by the use of the theft statute to prosecute them.  There
   should be a presumption that government information belongs to the
   people unless specifically protected by law, as national security
   data have been for some time and as contracting information now is.
   The Washington Post joined other media organizations in filing a
   brief in this case to make exactly that point.  The high courtÕs
   failure to review this case leaves in place a ruling that would make
   it possible to prosecute journalists who receive tips from government
   sources about corruption or public advocacy groups that listen to
   whistleblowersÕ charges about waste and inefficiency.  It is not
   enough to say, as the government does, that this probably wonÕt
   happen.  The court should have reversed these convictions to make
   clear that it cannot happen.
Joe Thomas PGP key available by request or by finger.
PGP key fingerprint:  1E E1 B8 6E 49 67 C4 19  8B F1 E4 9D F0 6D 68 4B

@_date: 1993-04-13 19:18:30
@_author: Joe Thomas 
@_subject: Re: alt.whistleblowers 
Couldn't hurt to mention it in alt.config.  It would probably get a good
response, and get propagated more widely (some newsadmins are a bit
skeptical about newgroups from out of the blue...)
Joe Thomas PGP key available by request or by finger.
PGP key fingerprint:  1E E1 B8 6E 49 67 C4 19  8B F1 E4 9D F0 6D 68 4B
