
@_date: 1992-11-28 23:40:54
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: George Gleason speaks out about cryptography:  Today 2PM Berkeley. 
BMUG, Inc. 	Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
      .     .     .     .     .     .     .    Berkeley Chapter
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Judi Clark, 549-2684 (BMUG), 261-1869 (direct),
fax: 261-4836 (direct), or e-mail judic
November 27, 1992
Special Interest Group on Freedom, Privacy and Technology
A public forum co-sponsored by BMUG and CPSR/Berkeley
For those that need a brief break from Thanksgiving, the CPSR/BMUG Special Interest Group will explore cryptography
with a brief overview and discussion lead by George Gleason.
Gleason is founder of a telecommunications contracting
firm in Berkeley. He is also professionally involved in psychological research on interpersonal communication and state variables (i.e. perception, cognition, etc.).
Gleason's overview will be followed by a video taken from the
Second Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy in Washington DC last March. The video is entitled: "Who Holds the Keys? Cryptography & Control: National Security vs. Personal Privacy."
You are encouraged to join us on November 29, 1992 at 2:00 pm
for a look into cryptography and personal privacy.
The Special Interest Group's next meeting is Sunday, Nov. 29, 1992, at 2:00 pm. The monthly meetings are free and open to the public. The group meets on the last Sunday of the month at the BMUG office, 2055 Center Street, Berkeley -- a half block from the Berkeley Bart station.

@_date: 1993-09-22 18:53:40
@_author: Judi Clark 
@_subject: Re: reporter seeking interview subjects 
Thanks, Stig, for forwarding this for my "more immediate  attention."
Matt, I agree with Stig that it's important not to horrify anyone out of
anything unless you also give them something concrete that they can do
about it. In most cases, invasions of privacy aren't something empowering,
nor can most people do anything about them but know and worry. I don't
find this too constructive.
There are a couple of stories that you might be interested in, in any case.
One is that San Francisco (and other counties across the state) is testing
a plan to fingerprint all General Assistance recipients. You can get
testimony from hearings conducted earlier this year from a friend of mine,
Jim Davis . I know that CPSR in Berkeley is planning on holding a meeting in late October to explore and talk more about this issue.
Fingerprinting will be on the November ballot, btw.
Second, the state has had a database system designed to track all recipients
of state money. That is, if a day care center receives any state aid, all
the kids go into the database. (They can't be removed, once added, until they turn 18 and file a petition with the state.) State aid is another
part of this package, as are jail participants, and other state-oriented program participants. You can see this is just a short step from adding
tax-payers, businesses, and everyone else that has anything to do with
the state...
The scary part of the above story, in case that wasn't enough, is that
state hospitals and medicaid recipients are also in the database. The idea
is that if a patient goes to another county, they can get consistent care,
and not be able to "double-dip" from state agencies. Of course, that also
means that many state agencies have access to confidential medical info
about a lot of people (who, by nature of their being on the state's
systems, are powerless). Furthermore, the designer of this system hasn't
shown any priority or sophistication in creating levels of security
so that people that aren't supposed to have access really don't.
A friend just reminded me that there was a radio program on recently,
This Week in California (KQED) which talked about the Alameda Co. system.
This is an expensive system, and they didn't find any evidence of fraud.
Good luck with your stories. I hope this gives you something to start
  yours in scary things,
  judi
