
@_date: 1995-09-21 06:07:41
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Munitions shirt (again) 
: >So, Dave and I got free munitions shirts (they're different, though;
: >the font is smaller and they have a bunch of X'd out Constitutional
: >Amendments on the back; I think they ere designed by Joel Furr) for
: >our bug find.
: >
: >So I'm wearing it today.  The thing is, I live in International House,
: >a residence that has 50% non-Americans.
: >
: >So, any consensus as to whether it's actually illegal to do so?  I
: >remember some disagreement a few weeks ago that AFAIK wasn't resolved.
: : The _consensus_ here seems to be: "This t-shirt is illegal to wear in front
: of non-Americans," judging by the comments here.
Assuming that the International Traffic in Arms Regulations are the
law (rather than the unconstitutional silliness that they actually
are), this consensus is correct.  The ITAR forbid the ``disclosure''
of cryptographic ``software''--very broadly defined--to ``foreign''
persons ``within or without the United States.''  It says nothing
about the medium of the disclosure: whether it is a T-shirt or
computer screen.
: The _reality_ is quite different, I think, and the "this shirt is illegal"
: hype is, in my opinion, just that, hyperbole. Even hyperbull, too.
: : Books and written articles containing crypto algorithms are _not_ illegal
: for "furriners" to look at. The t-shirt contains at most a fuzzy printing
: of an algorithm that has been widely printed in various books and in
: articles in mailing lists like ours.
The fact that the government does not dare to try to enforce the ITAR
against those who publish cryptographic software without a license (and
the fact that the Office of Defense Trade Controls has waived its jurisdiction
to require a license in one case for a book where it retained
jurisdiction for a CDrom with the same information) does not mean that
it is not a violation of the ITAR to publicly wear a T-shirt with
cryptographic software on it; although it does strongly suggest that
no one will be prosecuted for such violations.
And that is just as well, since the posting on an anonymous FTP server
of the C program that cracks the seed for the Netscape security routines
is also a technical violation of the ITAR, as even Mr. May will
perhaps concede.  The fact that warning the world of this security
breach is a violation of the ITAR simply shows how silly--and how
dangerous--is the ITAR's licensing scheme for the publication
of cryptographic software.
: (I agree that there are some unresolved issues with ostensibly
: machine-readable forms. The t-shirt is not machine-readable by any
: plausible interpretation of machine-readable.)
There is nothing in the ITAR that refers to ``machine-readable'' so
there is no need to interpret that term.

@_date: 1995-09-21 06:13:19
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: FROM A FRIEND . . . 
: In article <43qrhf$gd5
: >  I think that the general opinion of engineers and management here at
: >Netscape is that it would be A Really Good Thing to have our US-only
: >128+ bit version of Netscape Navigator available for download by US
: >citizens and others who are not legally prohibited from using it.
: : Who _is_ legally prohibited from using it?  I think there are some countries
: where the very use of crypto is illegal (could someone please list them?),
: but who else?
: : There are some people that may be legally prohibited from _obtaining_ it
: from a US site (ITAR yadda), but even so, if JRFurriner downloads
: crypto from company C's site in the US, who's guilty of ITAR-violation?
: Company C for making it available, or JRF for initiating the action
: that caused the bits to be send out of the country?
: :    - Ian "my, I seem to be posting a lot tonight"
Probably both have violated the ITAR, but neither will be actually
prosecuted.  On the other hand, Company C will be threatened and
harassed until it stops making the software available.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-09-21 06:46:15
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: FROM A FRIEND . . . 
:   Poor choice of words on my part.  My understanding is that we can not
: export our US-only product, except to canada - for the use of canadian
: citizens.  I also believe that it is illegal for anyone except US citizens,
: permanent residents of the US (green card holders) and Canadian citizens
: to use it, even within the US.  I'm not a lawyer, and I've not read
: all of ITAR myself, so I could be totally wrong...
There is nothing in U.S. law that prohibits anyone from using a
cryptographic product, much to the frustration of the NSA, FBI, etc.
That is why they try to forbid speaking about it by pretending that
communication of information is exporting something.  There is a law
that forbids exporting munitions without a license and that is the
basis for the ITAR regulations.
The funny thing is that a law forbidding the use of cryptography just
might be constitutional--though I, for one, am convinced that it would
not be--while forbidding communication of information about
cryptography without a license is a blatant violation of the First
Amendment of the United States constitution.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-26 19:41:12
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: CJR returned to sender 
: I agree strongly with Tim May that this (fun) little joke has gone far
: enough.  I enjoyed it while it lasted, but the CJR was clearly frivolous,
: the T-Shirt was clearly not a munition, IMHO, and that's that.  Write up
: the experience, post it on the web somewhere (I'll provide a space if you
: need it), and call it a day. I am afraid that I have to disagree with this.  The T-Shirt, or rather
the cryptographic software that is disclosed by the wearing of the
shirt, is just as much an item that falls within the ITAR's definition
of an item on the United States Munitions List as any other
cryptographic software.  The only way that wearing the T-Shirt without
a license from the censors in the Office of Defense Trade Controls
would _not_ be a violation of the ITAR would be if either (i) the
censors, in their totally arbitrary discretion issue a commodity
jurisdiction determination that the T-Shirt is not an item on the
United States Munitions List or (ii) the ITAR are determined to be
There is no exception in the ITAR for printed materials.  The fact
that in one case a book got a favorable commodity jurisdiction
determination and a CDrom did not is not evidence to the contrary, it
just shows how completely arbitrary the the ODTC's commodity
jurisdiction determinations are.  Nor is there an exception in the
ITAR for T-Shirts.
Of course the cryptographic software on the T-Shirt is constitutionally
protected, so it is not, in the constitutional sense, a violation of any
law to wear the shirt in the presence of a foreigner.  But then it
wouldn't be a violation--in the constitutional sense--for me to disclose
that cryptographic program to the foreigner who wrote it in a
communication over the internet.  And I assure you that when I have
discussed their encryption programs with foreign authors by e-mail I
have always been very careful not to disclose their own programs to
It may not have much to do with cryptography, but it has everything to
do with the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, that
speech in any form, even on the backs of T-Shirts, is protected.
Remember there is a leading First Amendment case involving a T-Shirt
inscribed with the immortal words:  ``Fuck the Draft''.
Even if requiring one to obtain a license, or a non-obstat, from the
censors before communicating cryptographic software to foreign persons
by publishing that software were not to be held unconstitutional per
se, a licensing scheme that does provide any way to get a license for a
T-Shirt or a book is clearly unconstitutional.  The government cannot
refuse to license speech simply because the medium on which the speech
is affixed is frivolous.
And the message communicated by the T-Shirt is clearly political, so
arguably that message is _more_ protected by the First Amendment than
the PGP program on a floppy disk.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-27 10:48:39
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: rejection of CJR 
I happened to speak to Mr. Capilino at the Office of Defense Trade
Controls this morning, and mentioned that the Commodity Jurisdiction
Request for the T-Shirt had been returned and read him the message to
that effect.
He told me that that was the wrong address for mail, since it was used
only for currier deliveries, and that they have stopped accepting even
currier deliveries there since the Oklahoma city bombing.
He suggested that those who want to apply for the Commodity
Jurisdiction determination should call him at 703-875-7396.  He will fax the current information on how to submit a CJR to anyone upon request.  He did not say so, but I rather think he looks forward to getting the
T-Shirt request.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-27 10:44:45
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: CJR returned to sender 
:   The ITARs are currently keeping us(Netscape) from distributing
: our US-only products to people within the United States.  We have
: asked for clarification from the government about network distribution,
: such as how much verification of location and citizenship of the
: recipient we must do, and have yet to receive a response.  That
: makes it more than just an export issue, at least for us.
: : 	--Jeff
: : -- : Jeff Weinstein - Electronic Munitions Specialist
: Netscape Communication Corporation
: jsw - : Any opinions expressed above are mine.
Don't hold your breath.  I just had a chat with the NSA person at the
Office of Defense Trade Controls who is supposed to answer all
questions about the export of cryptography and she took the position
that whether posting materials on a server is an export ``is an
interesting question.''  I specifically asked her if her office had
come up with the rigamarole that some servers use to make sure you are
a citizen and then give you an address that expires faster than I can
type where one can get the cryptographic software.  She denied that
that rigamarole was invented or approved by her office; and said that
it was an interesting question, not only for cryptography, whether a
server on the internet was a ``point of export.''  She told me that as
a law professor I would be interested in that question.  (I think that
the implication was that someone really in business would be terribly
Of course, this is just my impression of a conversation that was not
really directed to any specific issues.  She did tell me thoughh that
since cryptographic software does the same thing as cryptographic
hardware, such software was treated as hardware.  I asked where the
regulations said that, and she never was able to give me a direct
citation to anything in the regs.
I am sorry to be the bearer of bad news.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-02 06:48:42
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Restrictions on Munitions _Imports_ 
: I don't expect that any specific _crypto_ import licenses exist, but
: certainly various kinds of _munitions_ import licenses exist (improperly,
: in my opinion, of course).
. . . . : Given that crypto is classified as "munitions" for the purpose of export
: control (including the ITARs), it would not surprise me in the least if the
: same sorts of restrictions on imports of the aforementioned munitions are
: not applied to at least some crypto imports. If not now, soon. (Given that
: many folks are talking about a strategy that has been apparent for many
: years: develop core crypto in less hostile environments than the U.S.)
: : I can't cite a specific law affecting crypto imports at this time--and I
: doubt any crypto products have been affected so far--but clearly there are
: restricitions on imports of ammunition, guns, missiles, jet fighters,
: and--maybe soon--on "crypto munitions."
There is a United States Munitions List for imports that is
administered by the Treasury Department, but cryptographic devices and
software are not included on that list.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-13 08:57:42
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Who is liable under ITAR (was Re: Anguilla Cypherpunks Meeting) 
: [..] : : > If while you are outside the USA you want to write some software that uses
: > encryption and sell it worldwide, let me know.  I could put you up while
: > you wrote it and my company could sell it for share of the selling price. : > Let me know what you are thinking of and how long you think it would take. : : Of course if you are a US person (citizen or green card holder) this is : just as much a violation of the ITAR than if you did it from inside the US...
And of course if you are not a US person this is just as much a
violation of the ITAR as if you were a US person.  The ITAR does not
exempt foreign persons from its requirements, though it does make them
ineligible to get a license permitting them to disclose their software
to other foreigners (or even to themselves).
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-10-25 04:24:39
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: CJR returned to sender 
:    I got the CJR back today, envelope unopened (although the corner was
: torn so you could see there were t-shirts inside). "Returned to sender",
: it said, "Refused___, Unclaimed___".
: :    The address on the envelope reads:
: : ATTN: Samuel L. Capino - 15 day CJR
: Defense Trade Analyst
: U.S. Dept. of State
: Office of Defense Trade Controls
: PM/DTC SA-6 Room 200
: 1701 N. Fort Meyer Drive
: Arlington, CA 22209-3113
: :    Did I do something wrong, or did the Dept. of State decide it
: didn't want to deal with this CJR?
: : Raph
I don't know, but I did speak with Mr. Capino on Monday, Oct. 23,
1995.  He said that they had downsized since he had taken over for
Major Oncale and that he was now responsible for all commodity
jurisdiction requests covering all items on the munitions list.  He
did not seem at all knowledgeable about cryptographic software.  He did say, however, that he had heard that there was going to be (or
had been, I don't remember the exact words) a commodity jurisdiction
request on a T-shirt.  He obviously had not seen the request.  From his
mention of this matter I am quite sure that he had not deliberately
rejected the application.  He seems to be a pleasant person, and
sounded quite helpful, and I am sure that he wasn't being cute.  (On
the other hand the only helpful information that he could give me was
that there is now a NSA representative assigned to the Office of
Defense Trade Controls whose name is Karen Hopkinson and whose job is
to answer all questions relating to cryptography, but so far Ms. Hopkinson
has not responded to repeated phone calls.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-03 21:58:50
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Risks of ``foreign persons'' under the ITAR 
It is usually assumed that a foreign person outside the United States
runs no risks if he posts cryptographic software to the net or
otherwise discloses it to other foreign persons, although technically
that is a violation of the United States International Traffic in Arms
I note, however, that in an article entitled ``Export Controls on
Encryption Software'' by Ira S. Rubenstein, dated October 17, 1994 (which apparently was distributed at some legal conference) the
following passage appears in Section 4(3):
                     ----------------
Finally, foreign employees of those companies or any foreign person
who runs afoul of export controls on technology transfers may face
severe immigration consequencs.[83]  Under the Immigration and
Nationality Act,[84] as revised by the immigration act of 1990,[85] an
alien who seeks entry to the U.S. to engage in activities that violate
or evade export control laws is excludable.[86]  Similarly, an alien
who has engaged, is engaged, or at any time after entry engages in
such activities is deportable.[87]
                           [Notes]
[83] For a detailed discussion see generally Rubinstein, ``Export
Controls and Immigration Law,'' 93-3 Immigration Briefings (Mar.
1993). [84] Immigration and Nationality Act of 1952, Pub. L. No. 82-414, 66
Stat. 163 (codified as amended at 8 USC \S\S 1101-1524) (hereinafter
[85] Immigration Act of 1990, Pub. L. No. 101-649, 104 Stat. 4978
(hereinafter IMMACT 90).
[86] INA \S 212(a)(3)(A)(i)(II), 8 USC \S 1182(a)(3)(A)(i)(II).
[87] OMA \S 21(a)(4)(A)(i), \S 1251(a)(4)(A)(i).
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-05 08:56:59
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: using PGP only for digital signatures 
: It seems that licences allowing foreign nationals access to cryptographic : software within the US are pretty easy to get, and especially for : something like PGP on a central machine. Would you please explain how one can apply for such a license?  To say
nothing about how one can actually get one?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-05 11:46:56
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: To Repeat: Credentials Not Considered Necessary 
: >And here we have the rub. People with permanent residency (i.e. green
: >cards) are fully entitled to access to strong crypto. Most foreign
: >students are on J-1 visas, which do not grant permanent residency.
: : Irrelevant.
: : J-1 persons are still accorded the basic rights of citizens, save for a few
: things like voting, holding certain offices, and perhaps jury duty (not
: sure about this, as my recent jury summons was apparently based on my
: Calif. Driver's License and required no form of identification whatsoever).
It is however a violation of the ITAR to disclose cryptographic
software (including algorithms) to students ona a J-1 visa, but not to someone who has a green card.
: Saying "People with permanent residency (i.e. green cards) are fully
: entitled to access to strong crypto." and--presumably--implying that J-1
: visa holders are _not_ entitled to use strong crypto within the U.S. (or,
: for that matter, in their own countries, but this is another issue), is
: misleading.
It is--if the ITAR is constitutional--a serious felony to give J-1
visa holders access to strong--and to weak--crypto, but no one has
implied that they are not entitled to use it.  Nothing in the law of
the United States says that foreign persons can't get crypto, it is
just a felony to disclose it to them (within or without the United
: The laws about "showing a foreign national" certain items do not
: differentiate, so far as I have seen, between various kinds of visas.
The ITAR distinguishes between foreign persons, who are not U.S.
persons, and U.S. persons who are either United States citizens or
have a visa admitting them to permanent residency in the United
States.  The crime at issue is disclosing cryptographic software to
foreign persons.  And whether one is a foreign person does depend on what type of visa one has (if one is not a U.S. citizen).
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 02:55:18
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: lp ? 
: : > So, if this person was sending cryptographics codes from Switzerland
: > to Israel, the code would have been imported to the US, then exported
: > by UUNET.  They can't do that, can they?  Probably nobody would prosecute,
: > but it might be something to threaten UUNET with if one of their Northern
: > Virginia neighbors ever wanted something the couldn't get otherwise.
: : It isn't clear that telecoms treaties don't implicitly make this legal
: in spite of the export regulations.
Once again, what the ITAR forbid is the disclosure of cryptographic
software to a foreign person within or without the United States, so
it does not make any difference whether the message containing the
code passes through the United States or not.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 12:14:19
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: : > : It isn't clear that telecoms treaties don't implicitly make this legal
: > : in spite of the export regulations.
: > : > Once again, what the ITAR forbid is the disclosure of cryptographic
: > software to a foreign person within or without the United States, so
: > it does not make any difference whether the message containing the
: > code passes through the United States or not.
: : I understand that you are a lawyer and I'm not, but it is my
: understanding that international treaties come in to play on this sort
: of thing. For instance, in international shipments, you can transship
: items and substances that are illegal to possess in a country through
: its ports provided that the materials do not originate or terminate
: their shipment in the country and remain sealed in their containers
: throughout. It is also my understanding that items like mail and phone
: calls that happen to transit a country are not necessarily subject to
: that nations laws provided that the nation is not a terminal point for
: the mail or call or what have you.
The trouble is that the ITAR's definition of export that is relevant
to cryptographic software has nothing to do with exporting in the
normal sense, and therefore it has nothing to do with transhipments.
The definition of export that is relevant simply makes it a felony to
disclose  technical data, which is defined as including cryptographic
software, to a foreign person within or without the United States.
Thus I cannot disclose my materials for my course in Computers and the
Law, which include some cryptographic software, to a Canadian student
in the United States without getting a license, event though there is
an exception which would allow me to export the software to Canada.
It doesn't make any difference whether the disclosure--or the message
that makes the disclosure possible--passes through a foreign
jurisdiction or not.  It is the disclosure, and only the disclosure,
that requires the license.  Not the transmission of the message.
Don't blame this on my being a lawyer; blame it on some very sick
people in the Office of Defense Trade Controls and in the NSA.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 13:37:01
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: I am starting to have trouble believing you are a lawyer. Are you
: actually telling me that treaties which explicitly indemnify
: transshipment customers against local laws are superceeded by lower
: level laws, in spite of the supremecy clause of the constitution? That
: might be what the state department would tell you, but I'd have
: trouble believing even a lobotomized mongoloid judge would let that
: stand. Treaties are treaties, period.
What I am telling you, if you would pay attention, is that there is no
transhipment involved.  The violation of the ITAR consists of
disclosing information, not shipment.
And that is pretty clearly unconstitutional because it violates the
first amendment, but it has nothing whatsoever to do with any
treaties--certainly nothing to do with treaties about transhipment.
If a Frenchman on vacation in the Riviera shows a copy of PGP sourcecode
to a German businessman there, that is literally a violation of the
ITAR.  If the disclosure is made by sending a copy of the software from
one hotel room to another, and if that message happens to get routed
through the United States, that is still a violation.  The fact that the
message went through the United States is irrelevant.
Don't expect the ITAR to make any sense.  And don't think that you can
apply logic to the ITAR and get logical results.  It doesn't work that
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 21:25:25
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: : > If a Frenchman on vacation in the Riviera shows a copy of PGP sourcecode
: > to a German businessman there, that is literally a violation of the
: > ITAR.
: : Where the hell did you get that idea?   _Export_ means:
 . . . .
 (4) Disclosing (including oral or visual disclosure) or transfering
 technical data to a foreign person, whether in the United States or
 abroad . . . .
(And technical data is (baroquely) defined in Section 120.10 as
including certain software, including crytographic software.)
: The ITAR clearly does not apply
: to foreigners disclosing things to each other outside the United
: States. Where the hell did you get that idea?  : I've read it and I can't see how it could possibly be so
: interpreted. I'm not a lawyer, but this interpretation is so bizarre
: as to be almost untenable. I can clearly see that a U.S. person
: talking about DES to a foreign person can be a violation under the
: language in the regulations, but there is no way on earth to interpret
: the regulations as applying to foreigners abroad talking to other
: foreigners outside the U.S.
Go read the section that I quoted again.  Where is there an exception
for foreign persons who happen to be abroad?  : > Don't expect the ITAR to make any sense.  And don't think that you can
: > apply logic to the ITAR and get logical results.  It doesn't work that
: > way.
: I was under the impression, though, that the words meant what they
: said.
When did you change your mind?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 21:19:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: : > : > Don't blame this on my being a lawyer; blame it on some very sick
: > people in the Office of Defense Trade Controls and in the NSA.
: : I think it's unfair to call the people at the ODTC and the NSA sick; : during the cold war, such restrictions did make some sense; in : particular, controlling the export of high-performance encryption : hardware does make it harder for other countries to deploy ubiquitous : strong encryption, particularly in the less developed countries, and : particulalry for chips that required exotic fabrication (the soviet union : never had really good mass-production facilities). The ones I was suggesting are sick are the ones who drafted the
definition of ``export'' and of ``technical data'' in the ITAR.  Would
you consider it more appropriate if I called them perverse?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-07 23:07:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting 
: : : : > >From Section 120.17 of the ITAR which provides:
: > : >  _Export_ means:
: >  . . . .
: >  (4) Disclosing (including oral or visual disclosure) or transfering
: >  technical data to a foreign person, whether in the United States or
: >  abroad . . . .
: : The ITAR is U.S.-Law. This only applies (by definition) to US-citizens
: or persons in the U.S.!
Go tell that to General Noriega.  I don't know what definition you are
talking about, but it is not one recognized by the American Courts.
: I think it's a common mistake of many Americans that they believe
: creating law means creating law for the whole world!
: > Go read the section that I quoted again.  Where is there an exception
: > for foreign persons who happen to be abroad?  : It's inherent. You simply can't apply US-law to non-US-citizens outside
: the U.S.!  The American courts will apply American laws to non-US-citizens who
violate American laws outside the United States, if they can catch
them.  The fact that they may be in the United States because they
were kidnapped or because they were captured outside the United States
in an agressive war that quite clearly violated international law
won't stop them for a moment.  And lord help the foreigner who has violated US law outside the US and then tries to immigrate to the
United States.
And the United States is not alone in this.  Look what Israel did to
And didn't Denmark just allow Germany to extradite an American citizen
for nasty things that he wrote and said in the United States?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-08 01:32:58
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: I am delighted to discover that there is a person in this world who reads : the ITAR more broadly than I do.  I can see how the ITAR could be read to : reach a Frenchman who sends crypto via email to a German that happens, : through no fault of his own, to be routed via New York; we might have to : talk about whether the scienter requirment would mean that M. Frenchman : knew or should have known about the routing.  [NB "could be read" does : not equal "should be read".]
: : Not even I, however, would imagine that any court anywhere, could read : the ITAR or the legislation authorizing it (which is more to the point) : as reaching two foreigners talking abroad, neither of whom is a US person.
I quite agree that no one can read the Arms Control Export Act as
authorizing the definition of export in the ITAR that requires, among
other things, that a foreign person get a license that the ACEA says
that he can't get, before discloing cryptographic software to another
foreign person ``in the United States or abroad''.
The ITAR violates not only the first amendment to the United States
Constitution, it also violates the separation of powers doctrine.  But
it still says what it says.  (And that is why it is unconstitutional.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-08 04:56:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
: : > I quite agree that no one can read the Arms Control Export Act as : >authorizing the definition of export in the ITAR that requires, among : >other things, that a foreign person get a license that the ACEA says : >that he can't get, before discloing cryptographic software to another : >foreign person ``in the United States or abroad''. : > : > The ITAR violates not only the first amendment to the United States : > Constitution, it also violates the separation of powers doctrine.  But : > it still says what it says.  (And that is why it is unconstitutional.) >
: : [Note that this small disagreement between PDJ and me should not obscure : our larger areas of agreement...]
: : To reiterate my point in legalese:  any court construing the ACEA would
: inevitably read the prohibition on "exporting" to a foreign person as not
: applying where the nation lacks jurisdiction.  This is not even a case of
: applying a construction to save the constitutionality of the statute
: (since it could well take a narrower construction to do that).  It's just
: common sense, which courts actually resort to on occasion. I would admit that a court might do this in an effort to hold the
statute constitutional, but a court might also hold the regulations
unconstitutional because they are overbroad.  Remember, the first
amendment is the one area where one has standing to raise facial
constitutonal claims even though one's own constitutional rights are
not infringed.  Consider the case where a foreigner in the United
States discloses to another foreigner, and is then prosecuted.
Couldn't he raise the point in his defense?
(But of course the ITAR as applied to cryptographic software--and that
is all that I am talking about--are so unconstitutional in so many
different ways that nothing is going to turn on that one issue.)
But the real problem--to the extent that there is a real problem--is a
more practical one.  What happens when some foreign person who has set
up a large on-line archive of cryptographic software, in part just to
twit the Americans, tries to immigrate to the United States?  If he is
excluded because he violated the export control laws, is he even going
to get a court hearing?  And if by some miracle he does get a court
hearing, isn't the government going to (i) argue that he was
conspiring with some Americans--which would make him indistinguishable
from Noriega--and (ii) argue that he has to be covered, because one cannot
distinguish his case from that of a foreign person who disclosed
cryptographic software within the United States to another foreign
person.  (Remember, the regulation says ``within the United States or
: In short, in this particular case the ACEA, and by extention the ITAR,
: doesn't "say what it says"  it "says what it must mean".  This is an
: important way in which legal parsing differs from compiling... : ,,,,,
: : I'd be interested in hearing more about why you say the ITAR violates
: separation of powers: because it gives the executive branch too much power
: to define the elements of a criminal offense? Not that.  My point most simply is that the AECA does not say what the
ITAR says, and that that is why the language of the ITAR violates the
doctrine of separation of powers.  Your argument--as I understand
it--is that the courts will not construe the ACEA as authorizing the
weird and unconstitutional definitions in the ITAR.  My point is that the ACEA doesn't authorize the ITAR and that therefore the ITAR is
unenforceable on separation of powers grounds.
I wrote an article about this twenty-five years ago arguing that the
Pentagon Papers case can best be explained as a separation of powers
case.  In the opinions in that case, Near v. Minnesotta was the most
cited case, but Youngstown Sheet and Tube v. Sawyer came in a close
second.  My conclusion was that when a court is confronted with a hard
constitutional issue, the better part of valor is to decide the case on
separation of powers grounds, if possible.  In Pentagon Papers there was
no congressional authority for the injunction sought; in the case of the
ITAR there is no congressional authority for the definition of export as
it applies to software (as opposed to hardware).
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-10 03:43:29
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Pegasus Mail 
: One
: of the elements of the offense of violating the arms export control act
: is that the violation be willful.  The exporter has to violate a known
: legal duty not to export the item.  One of the reasons for this is simply
: that the ITAR list is long and technical and average individuals cannot be
: expected to know all its details.  This is mentioned in the Lizarraga
: case, at approximately 541 F2d 828:
  . . . .
: So in this case I think widespread publicity about the ITARs can be
: considered harmful.  All those helpful people going around warning others
: that they are exporting software are actually removing a defense against
: charges of export.
This is a serious problem.  On the other hand there are civil penalties
for violating the ITAR that can be imposed without any showing of
willfulness.  So the non-willfull exporter is still at risk, even if he
does not know it.  And if people are not informed in general, then the
boys from the Office of Defense Trade Controls and NSA, can selectively
inform only those whom they wish to harass, which is perhaps the
nastiest aspect of the ITAR.
The only long term solution is to establish that the ITAR's provisions
relating to cryptographic software are unconstitutional and void.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-10 07:56:00
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
In our recent correspondence on this list with the heading ``Re:
Exporting software doesn't mean exporting'', Michael Froomkin and I
seem to have two different areas of disagreement:  (i) whether the
ITAR's provisions relating to cryptographic software apply to foreign
persons who disclose (or transmit) cryptographic software to another
foreign person without the United States and (ii) whether there is a
separation of powers (or ultra vires) argument that can be made
against the application of those provisions to anyone, foreign or
estados-unidian, in the United States or abroad.
In this message I will limit myself to the first area of disagreement
and will try to deal with the second area in a later message.
As I tried to say, somewhat clumsily, before, and may have caused some
confusion in doing so, there are so many reasons why the provisions of
the ITAR relating to cryptographic software are unconstitutional and
so even more reasons why those provisions are unenforceable, that I
find it difficult to discuss whether those unenforceable and
unconstitutional provisions can be enforced against a foreign person
who discloses software to another person outside of the United States.
I am, after all, firmly convinced that those provisions cannot be
enforced against him, because I do not believe that those provisions
can be enforced against anyone.  (Though in some ways a foreign person
outside the United States is more vulnerable than a United States
person or a foreign person within the United States, since the outside
foreign person has (arguably) less constitutional protections.)
When I said
  (But of course the ITAR as applied to cryptographic software--and that
  is all that I am talking about--are so unconstitutional in so many
  different ways that nothing is going to turn on that one issue.)
the one issue that I was referring to was the status of outside
foreign persons and, of course, that is not the issue that ``is now in
front of two district judges.''  (I hope that the issue before the two
federal district judges is the issue of the constitutionality of the
ITAR's provisions relating to cryptographic software, but both cases
raise relatively narrow factual issues and may end up being resolved
(if one dares call such a result a resolution) on the grounds that the
issues are not appealable under the Administrative Procedure Act or
that administrative remedies were not exhausted or even that the the
provisions of the ITAR in question are unconstitutional but that that
determination that is good for that day and that train only.)
Now Mr. Froomkin says:
  In short, in this particular case the ACEA, and by extention the
  ITAR, doesn't "say what it says" it "says what it must mean".
(And I dare him to make that assertion in the faculty lounge at Miami
when some of the more critical and analytically inclined members of
the Miami law faculty are present.)  I would take this as an admission
that the ACEA and the ITAR does say what it says (even if it must mean
something else) were it not for the fact that--and this was my ``ultra
vires'' point--that the ACEA doesn't say it.
(In discussing the quoted passage I am assuming that ``extention''
must mean ``extension'' and that it is not used as the opposite of
``intention'', if only because I don't know what the latter would be.
But on the other hand the only dictionaries I have to hand are the COD
and the on-line version of Webster's Collegiate.)
The AECA doesn't contain any definition of ``export'' whatsoever; the
whole issue that we are discussing turns on the interpretation of what
the ITAR says when it defines ``export'' as including:
  Disclosing (including oral or visual disclosure) or transferring
  technical data to a foreign person, whether in the United States or
  abroad ....
Now Mr. Froomkin seems to be contending that this language must be
interpreted as it would be interpreted by some sort of neo-Platonic
court (probably sitting in Rawl's original position by designation),
which he calls ``any court''.  The contention is:
  any court construing the ACEA would inevitably read the prohibition
  on "exporting" to a foreign person as not applying where the nation
  lacks jurisdiction.  Now it was my argument--which Mr. Froomkin helpfully calls an ``ultra
vires'' argument--that any court reading the ACEA would notice (i)
that there is no language in that act defining ``export'' and (ii)
that ``export'' does not mean disclosing, or even transferring,
information (which is what cryptographic software is) and (iii) that,
in consequence, the Office of Defense Trade Controls exceeded its
congressionally granted authority, and therefore its constitutional
authority, when it came up with the perverse provision that is at
issue here.  But that is the subject of my other, as yet unwritten,
Now I take it that Mr. Froomkin's contention turns on the claim that
Congress lacks jurisdiction under international law to pass a
statute--or authorize a regulation--that makes it a crime for a
foreign person to transmit something to another person when both of
them are outside the United States.  So as to avoid the other
constitutional and ultra vires and so on issues, let us assume that
Congress were to amend the ACEA to make it a crime ``to transfer a
cryptographic device to a foreign person within the United States or
abroad without first obtaining a license or a waiver of jurisdiction
from the Office of Defense Trade Controls.''
And now assume that someone, F, who is a foreign person and who has
never been in the United States transfers a cryptographic device that
was not made in the United States or by a United States company to
another foreign person who person who has never been in the United
States.  And now assume that F does come to the United States on a
holiday and that he is arrested and indicted for violating the AECA in
that he did transfer a cryptographic device to a foreign person.
The first thing to notice is that the indictment is not defective.
The only defense--since it is the only one that we are interested in
and we control the hypothetical--is: ``but that was in a foreign
country'' and therefore the United States has no jurisdiction under
international law (or under something) to treat F's actions as a
So the defense moves to dismiss the indict on those grounds.  And the
prosecution stipulates that the acts charged occured in a foreign
country, that F is a foreign person, etc.
On those facts I would hope that the court would construe the statute
as not covering F's actions outside the United States and would dismiss
the indictment, but--considering that the statute specifically says it
applies both within the United States and ``abroad''--I am not nearly
as sanguine as Mr. Froomkin is.  But let us assume that the indictment
is dismissed.
And now the hypothetical provision in the ACEA is again amended by
congress to make it a crime ``for (i) a United States citizen to
transfer a cryptographic device to a foreign person within the United
States or abroad or (ii) a foreign person to transfer a cryptographic
device to a foreign person within the United States or abroad, without
in either case first obtaining a license or a waiver of jurisdiction
from the Office of Defense Trade Controls.''
And now assume that F', who has never been in the United States
transfers a cryptographic device to a foreign person and thereafter
comes to the United States and is arrested indicted for violating the
hypothetical provision of the ACEA.  It would seem to me that there is
no way that any but the most willfully wrong-headed court (and there
are, I admit, such courts) would construe the hypothetical provision
as not covering F's actions, since it does so clearly cover those
actions.  I mean that there is no way that the court can get away with
concluding that it does not mean what it says.
So what can F' do now?  Well, he could try to raise the claim that the
lack of ``jurisdiction''--which is the justification for Mr. Froomkin's
``any court'' construing the ITAR's actual provisions would not apply
to F or F'--is a ground for dismissing the indictment.
But how can he raise that point?  He can't very well deny that the
court has jurisdiction over his person--he's sitting in the court with
shackels on--and he can't get away with claiming that the court
doesn't have jurisdiction to try him for violating the ACEA.
So it would seem that F's only hope would be to move to dismiss the
indictment on the ground that to continue the prosecution would be to
deny him due process because the United States lacks jurisdiction
under international law.
Now I am no expert in this area, but I would be surprised if the
courts would recognize this as costitutional defense.  As I understand
it from talking with somebody here at CWRU who is knowledgeable, the
courts of the United States tend to defer in such cases to Congress
and the executive--when they are in agreement, as they would be in our
hypothetical--and principles of international law count for little.
So F' will ``inevitably''--to use Mr. Froomkin's word--be convicted of
the crime of delivering a cryptographic device to a foreign person
outside of the United States.
Now lets get back to the ITAR as it is actually written.  In an actual
criminal action brought against a foreign person who is accused of
disclosing cryptographic information to a foreigner outside the United
States--not that I think such an action will ever actually be
brought--the government can point out to the court the facts that I
have just discussed, so the court will be aware that there is no
constitutional provision requiring the dismissal the indictment, even
if the indictment is contrary to international law.  And a real court,
as opposed to Mr. Froomkin's ``any court'' might in those
circumstances feel free to determine that the ITAR means what it says.
(That's just common sense.)
And, were the government ever to bring such a case it, it would argue,
and I think that it would convince a lot of real judges, that the
criminal action does not violate international law because the United
States is protecting its own economic interests by prosecuting foreign
persons who disclose cryptographic information to other foreign
persons outside the United States.  The government's lawyer will
  Judge, the United States is in a real bind.  It is absolutely
  necessary for our national security that we forbid the export of
  cryptographic software.  But, on the other hand, as those
  Cryptopunks keep pointing out, we are distroying our computer
  industry by enforcing the ITAR against American companies.  So the
  only solution is to apply the ITAR against foreigners as well so
  that the American computer industry will have a levelled--I mean a
  level--field to play upon.  And the anti-trust cases make it
  absolutely clear that the United States does have jurisdiction to
  enforce its laws against foreign  criminal who break those laws
  outside of the United States when their crimes have a negative
  effect upon the economy of the United States.
I am afraid that most federal district court judges would buy that
argument, and I am not even sure that Mr. Froomkin's ``any court''
wouldn't buy it. And, in any case, if such a criminal case were to be brought, the
government would almost certainly be able to allege additional facts
to help justify the claim that the US does have jurisdiction over the
matter under international law.
For example, the defendant might be French, and the French government
might be cheering the United States government on.  If the crime is a
crime under both French law and the law of the United States then
there is going to be no problem with the United States asserting
jurisdiction.  (That is, if I understand it correctly, Mr. Froomkin's
murder example.)
Or the defendant may have studied cryptography in the United States,
before he returned home and disclosed the information.
Or the information that he disclosed had previously been unlawfully
exported from the United States in violation of the ITAR (PGP, for
Or the foreign person is an employee of a United States company or a
foreign company doing business in the United States.
Or even that the disclosure was done by a message transmitted over the
Internet that happened to be routed through the United States.
But the matter is even more simple than that since the government is
not going to bring those criminal charges against a foreign person or
a United States person or anyone else if they can possibly avoid it.
The ITAR's provisions on cryptographic software are used by the
government to spread fear, uncertainty, and doubt, and to discourage
the spread of strong cryptography.  Since an actual criminal case
would almost certainly result in at least significant parts of those
provisions being held unconstitutional, the government is not going to
bring such a case if it can find any other ways of satisfying its
And looked at that way, our foreign person who discloses cryptographic
software to one or more other foreign persons abroad is going to be
the perfect fall guy.  As I have suggested before, the government will
simply bar him from getting a visa to enter the United States since
violation of United States foreign trade regulations is a ground for
denying a visa--at least an immigrants visa.  And, despite Mr.
Froomkin's claim that our foreign person would have a cause of action
if his ``petition'' were denied, he would probably have no recourse
whatsoever.  Certainly he would have no claim that the United States
has no jurisdiction to exclude him for acts done by him outside the
United States; the United States has jurisdiction to exclude
foreigners for things that the foreigners did outside the United
States, like believing in polygamy.  And a foreign person outside the
United States may not have standing to complain of violations of his
freedom of speech outside the United States in an American court.
But let us assume, contra-factually that Mr. Froomkin is right, and
that the poor, excluded foreign person would have a good cause of
action to force the government to give him a visa.  (Though I really
am curious as to what that action would be.)  That cause of action is
going to cost tens of thousands of dollars to pursue, and it will take
years before it is resolved in favour of our foreign person, who will
be excluded--or sitting in jail with a bunch of Cuban and Chinese
refugees--until the case is resolved in his failure.
I am sorry to have written such a long message, and to have been so
slow in writing it, but I think that part of the problem is that both
Mr. Froomkin and I were shooting from the hip, and that is why our
disagreement grew.
But perhaps it has all been worthwhile, for I do think that there are
a few useful conclusions that can be drawn from this discussion:
  (i) We academic lawyers tend to try to settle real world questions
  as if they were academic questions;
  (ii) It is never safe to assume that any court will construe a
  statute or a regulation as meaning something other than what it
  says;   (iii) One can only construe a legal text in a particular context;
  even if one thinks that one can figure out how any court would
  interpret the text in qustion, one still nees to know how the text
  got before the court; and
  (iv) The fact that you can always sue the police for unconstitutional
  harassment isn't of much help when they reach for the rubber hose.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-11 00:47:04
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
I did say that I would discuss the apparent disagreement between Mr.
Froomkin and myself on the issue of the seperation of powers and the
validity of the ITAR.  But, since I think that we were rather at
cross-purposes and not in any real disagreement--and since the subject
is a fair distance from the core concerns of this list--I will keep
this response short.  The first place where Mr. Froomkin and I got at cross-purposes was
when I said:
  I would admit that a court might do this in an effort to hold the
  statute constitutional, but a court might also hold the regulations
  unconstitutional because they are overbroad.
And Mr. Froomkin replied:
  Technically, this is holding the regulations ultra vires, not
  unconsitutional; the difference matters.
which, at first, rather confused me, until I realized that in my haste
I had been assuming--since I automatically think of constitutional
challenges to the ITAR in terms of the first amendment--that the
``unconstitutionality'' in question was that of violating the first
amendment and was applying the first amendment doctrine of
``overbreadth'' to a constitutional challenge that might have been
based on some other ground, like ``lack of jurisdiction'', and yet Mr.
Froomkin's response seemed to relate to my separation of powers
argument, which can, of course, be quite properly be called an ``ultra
vires'' argument.
I think that it was my failure to keep the different strands of my
various arguments separate that is responsible for our apparent
disagreement here, and for that I apologize.
But I do think that Mr. Froomkin is wrong in claiming that holding the
regulations ultra vires is not the same as holding them
unconstitutional.  (I agree, however, that if one were to challenge
the regulations in a proceeding in the nature of quo warranto brought
under the Administrative Procedure Act, one would probably not talk
about the regulations being ``unconstitutional''; on the other hand, I
also have my doubts about whether one would use the phrase ``ultra
vires'' in such a proceeding.)  When a defendant in a criminal case
raises the defense that the regulations he is charged with violating
are ``ultra vires'' because Congress did not authorize them, that most
certainly is a constitutional issue, involving the supremacy clause,
the due process clause, the ninth-amendment, and the doctrine of
separation of powers.
But perhaps I still misunderstand what argument of mine--or that I
appeared to make--was the one to which Mr. Froomkin attached the
``ultra vires'' label.  In any case, I want to thank him for doing so, because it brought home
to me the important fact that it is possible that the ITAR provisions
relating to cryptographic software could be struck down, not because
they violate the first amendment, or would violate it if passed by
congress, and not because the court is trying to dodge the difficult
first amendment issue, but simply because the provisions are not
authorized by any legislation.
In any case, my separation of powers argument appears in Junger, Down
Memory Lane: The Case of the Pentagon Papers, 23 CWRU L. Rev. 3
After counting noses in the Pentagon Papers case I concluded that the
the only position that arguably was agreed to by a majority of the
justices in the case was that the injunction that the government
sought was not authorized by Congress, and that therefore the
government was not entitled to the relief that it sought.  And I
suggested that this meant that the court never determined whether
Congress could have passed a valid law authorizing the ``prior
restraint'' in such a case.  And finally I suggested that that was not
a bad way of avoiding a difficult constitutional question under the
first amendment.  (Or at least that is a thumb-nail sketch of how I read
the article now.)
With this explanation, I don't know whether Mr. Froomkin would persist
in his statement that:
  It's too far off topic to pursue any further, but I must take
  exception to the suggestion that we are well served by separation of
  powers intruding into other legal domains.  Bowsher tells us that
  causation principles go out the window in SOP cases.  That alone
  makes it radioactive.
I must admit that I don't know what it is that he is refering to.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-11-15 21:04:43
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
:    It kind of sickens us that we had to do it, but so be it. :    :    Patches that re-implement the PEM code may be available at a foreign
:    site soon. If it does show up, we'll point to it - that can't be
:    illegal! I see no reason why they should not be as ``illegal'' as the
crypto-with-a-hole sillyness.  Pointing to software is a pretty
effective way of disclosing it, and disclosing cryptographic
software--apparently including holes--to foreign persons without a
license is a violation of the ITAR.
Of course, the ITAR itself is illegal as it applies to cryptographic
software, but I agree that one does not want to be the defendant in a
criminal case based on those unconstitutional provisions.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-12-30 21:28:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Massey, CEO of Compuserve, on Internet 
: : > Wow! I am watching the CEO of Compuserve being interviewed on CNBC,
: > explaining how his company is "taking the high road by complying with the
: > laws of Germany" in removing access to 200 Usenet groups.
: : A blatant lie.
[Material deleted]
: CompuServe is starting to look worse and worse in this thing.  I'm
: still waiting for the real story.  Here is an excerpt from a story on the
: AP:
:  :        :    Munich prosecutor Manfred Wick confirmed Friday that Bavarian state
: police investigators searched CompuServe's networks and computers last
: month for child pornography, but he would not say what they found.
:    "We didn't threaten them with charges," Wick said.
:    Arno Edelmann, a CompuServe product manager in Unterhaching,
: Germany, said Friday that the company blocked access to 200
: sex-oriented newsgroups in a portion of the Internet called Usenet.
:    "It is perhaps an overreaction but we want to cooperate with the
: Bavarian prosecutor's office," Edelmann said.
:        : [ end ]
: : And herein lie the pitfalls of trying to establish a global ISP
: presence.
: One should also notice that Bavaria is only one state in the German
Federal Republic; this case is more like Texas investigating
Compuserve than the United States federal government investigating
Compuserve.  Bavaria is the stronghold of what can properly be called
the (Catholic) Religious Right in Germany.  It should also be noticed
that in general German publications and television seem to be less
constrained in publishing materials that in the United States would be
called ``indecent'' by some than are United States publications and Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1995-12-22 05:21:52
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Remote use=export? 
: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
: : I apologize if this is a dead horse, but...
: : Is granting use of crypto software running in the US to a remote user
: outside the US considered exportation?  For example, if allow my friend in
: Paris to use a PGP binary residing and running on my PC in Washington, is
: either of us violating any ITAR or similar restrictions?
Nothing about the ITAR is unambiguous, but since what is forbidden is
``exporting'', which includes ``disclosing to foreign persons'', and
since use is not forbidden, it is hard to see how what you suggest
could violate the ITAR.  (And I don't know of any other U.S. law or
regulation that it could violate.)
On the other hand, it may violate French law, which, or so I
understand, does forbid the use of crypto unless the keys are made
available to the French government.  But I really don't know anything
about French law.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-01-25 06:11:47
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
: : >The usual issue: That if a foreign-originated product even appears to be a
: >standard (so far, none have been), and includes strong crypto, then the NSA
: >and other agencies will simply change the rules. Thus, if extremely strong
: >crypto from "Netscape-Zurich" starts to have a significant market presense
: >in the U.S., then some law will be passed to restrict it.
: : I agree. The reason for enforcing ITAR is to keep good crypto of the
: *domestic* market. If ITAR no longer accomplishes that, new laws will be
: passed.
That is not so clear.  The ITAR are regulations, not a law passed by
Congress.  The ITAR regulations relating to the export of cryptography
are probably not authorized by any law (as well as being
unconstitutional).  The reason for all the silly twists and turns
under the ITAR is that the censors never succeeded in getting any law
forbidding the use of cryptography, and it is not at all certain that
they could get such a law passed.
There is very little that can be done under the ITAR to keep
Netscape-Zurich from spreading and it is Congress, not the Office of
Defense Trade Controls or the NSA that passes laws.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-01-28 02:05:21
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
: : >Why not just print out all of the source code to Navigator (crypto and all)
: >in a nice OCR font?  Paper is exportable.  Then you would 'only' have to sca
: n
: >it back in and debug it.
: : That would be giving away the store to the competition.
An there is no assurance that the paper on which the code is printed
would be exportable.  Remember the boyos decide each case on a case by
case basis.  All they would have to do is notify Netscape that it
would be a violation to export the paper without a license, and
Netscape would be forced to stop it.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-01-27 06:38:45
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
: Uhh, I'd like a second opinion please doc.  Are you suggesting that
: whenever anybody with cryptographic expertise (like, maybe, anybody on
: this mailing list) leaves the country we're in violation of munitions
: export laws?
No, but only because there is an express exception in the ITAR:
Section 120.17 of the ITAR provides:
  _Export_ means:
   (1) Sending or taking a defense article out of the United States in
   any manner, except by mere travel outside the United States by a
   person whose personal knowledge includes technical data; . . . .
: Is somebody who knows how to build a rocket in the same boat?
But in one way the case may be worse for you cryptographers if you actually carry source code--or machine code--around inside your head.
For in the _Karn_ case the government has argued that source and
machine code are _not_ technical data, but are defense articles.  So,
unless you first erase that portion of your memory that contains the C
code for implementing the RSA algorithm, you commit a felony--a
million dollar fine and ten years in jail max--if you step outside the
United States without first obtaining a license from the Office of
Defense Trade Controls.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-01-22 03:38:38
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: ITAR and hash functions (Perry's question) 
: : > Perry quoted part of the joint declaration of facts in my case and asked
: > : > >Would this not mean that the government is estopped from ever again
: > >claiming that hash functions are export controlled under the ITAR?
: > : > Not according to them.
: : Yeah, I know not according to them. Thats not what counts. But that is what counts initially
: I'd like to
: know what a lawyer thinks. Once they have declared that something
: doesn't fit the munitions criteria I suspect they are estopped from
: ever claiming again that it is munitions -- basic legal
: principle. Sure, they can claim otherwise, but they aren't forbidden
: by law from asserting their power to make buildings levitate, either.
In general, the doctrine of estoppel is not applied against
governmental agencies.  To the extent that an agency is purportedly
making decisions as to what the law is, it may or may not be bound by
its earlier decisions, but it usually won't be.  And it is not bound
by its factual determinations.
: > Furthermore, they repeatedly assert that under the power delegated to
: > them by the President, they have the absolute power to add and delete
: > items from the Munitions List and to make inexplicable, inconsistent
: > and arbitrary rulings whenever they damn well feel like it, and no
: > court can overrule them.
: : They can claim that they have the right to declare fingernail clippers
: to be munitions, but that certainly couldn't stand up in court.
That would stand up in court and in any case the statute that is the
basis for the ITAR says that the determination that
something--including fingernail clippers--is on the Munitions Lists is
not reviewable by the courts.  (And a court held before that provision
was passed that the question of whether commercial television
descramblers were properly on the munitions list, as cryptographic
devices, was a political question that could not be reviewed by the
court.  And that was, as I recall, a criminal case.)
: > So the bottom line is this: at the moment the ODTC will let you export
: > hash functions as long as they don't encrypt data. They'll probably
: > grant CJ requests to that effect. But they could change their minds at
: > any time if they feel like it.
: > : > Isn't it wonderful to live under a government of laws, not of men?
I am convinced that most, if not all, the restrictions in the ITAR on
disclosing cryptographic software will be struck down by the courts as
being unconstitutional under the first amendment, but it will not be
an easy process.  There are all sorts of constitutional provisions
that are violated every day and though some of these violations will
be overturned by courts, if and only if someone like Phil Karn
challenges them in court, but the wheels of the law grind slowly.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-02-06 08:25:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
:   It was lot worse than that on the Japanese-imperialits occupied islands : of the Pacific when the Nisei troops choosenot to surrender and instead, : mad last-ditch charges against AMerican lines - which killed not a small : number of Americans. And of course, there were the suicide bombers.
Who were those second generation Japanese Americans who ``choosenot to
surrender and instead, mad last-ditch charges against AMerican lines''?
I am afraid that I find this all rather cryptic, which I guess makes
it appropriate.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-03-12 05:13:15
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: A lengthy preliminary analysis of the Leahy bill. 
This is a preliminary draft of my preliminary analysis of the Leahy
bill.  In it I am primarily concerned with the affect---if any---of
that bill on the constitutionally protected freedoms of speech and of
the press.
At times in this submission I may seem overly suspicious of some
agencies of the government.  That may be a consequence of this being
merely a preliminary draft; it is more likely, however, that it is the
result of years of studying the ITAR and the antics of the agents in
the Office of Defense Trade Controls and the NSA as they relate to the
licensing requirements for cryptographic software.
Permission is granted to post this submission to other mailing lists
and news groups, but only if it is posted in its entirety (except for
headers other than the ``To'', ``From'', and ``Subject'' lines).
     -------------------------------------------------
The Leahy Bill known as the Encrypted Communications Privacy Act is
certainly well intentioned and Senator Leahy and the other sponsors
(Senators Burns, Dole, Murray, and  Pressler) should be congratulated
for their efforts.  Those whose major goal is to be able to export mass-marketed
cryptography have good reason to support this bill, even though it has
features---and ambiguities---that they may find undesireable, and even
though the bill may not actually make all mass marketed cryptographic
hardware and software freely exportable.  (There is even the danger
that it might even be interpreted (for reasons that I will explain
hereafter) as not making any change in the requirements for the export
of cryptographic software, whether mass marketed or not).
On the other hand, those like Daniel Bernstein and myself, who want to
publish information---including algorithms and source code---that is
subject to the licensing requirements of the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations (``ITAR'') that apply to cryptographic devices and
software---at least according to the National Security Agency's
representatives and that agency's puppets in the Office of Defense
Trade Controls---may find the bill more of a hindrance than a help in
their efforts to assert the constitutional right of freedom of speech
and of the press.
My concern is not that the bill will somehow lead to mandatory key
escrow.  My concern is that in relaxing the restrictions on the export
of software as a commodity it may actually give support to the efforts
of the censors to keep Daniel Bernstein from publishing his article
about his algorithm for converting a hash function into a
cryptographic program---I hope that is a fair enough description of
his article, an article that the censors have prevented me from ever
seeing---and those censor's efforts to keep me from publishing my
materials---which contain some cryptographic software---for my course
in computers and the law, and to keep foreign students from taking that
course.  The major threat is that, for the first time, there would be
at least colorable Congressional authority for the requirement that
one obtain a license before publishing or otherwise disclosing
information.  And software is, after all, nothing but information.
Let me go through the bill and attempt to explain my concerns. (I hope
that the version of the bill that I am using is correct.)
   A BILL
   To affirm the rights of Americans to use and sell encryption products,
   to establish privacy standards for voluntary escrowed encryption
   systems, and for other purposes.
   Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
   States of America in Congress assembled,
   SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE.
   This Act may be cited as the "Encrypted Communications Privacy Act of
   1996".
   SEC. 2. PURPOSE.
   It is the purpose of this Act-
   (1) to ensure that Americans are able to have the maximum possible
   choice in encryption methods to protect the security, confidentiality,
   and privacy of their lawful wire or electronic communications; and
   (2) to establish privacy standards for key holders who are voluntarily
   entrusted with the means to decrypt such communications, and
   procedures by which investigative or law enforcement officers may
   obtain assistance in decrypting such communications.
I have no objections to the provisions of this section---except
possibly for the reference to procedures by which officers may obtain
assistance in decrypting communications.  But I am not happy that the
purpose does not include protecting the freedoms of speech and of the
press, and particularly the freedom to communicate information about
   SEC. 3. FINDINGS.
     The Congress finds that-
     (1) the digitization of information and the explosion in the growth
     of computing and electronic networking offers tremendous potential
     benefits to the way Americans live, work, and are entertained, but
     also raises new threats to the privacy of American citizens and the
     competitiveness of American businesses;
Notice that there is nothing here---at least not directly---about the
freedom to distribute and to obtain access to information and that,
therefore, there is no mention of the constitutional right to speak
and publish information about cryptography.
     (2) a secure, private, and trusted national and global information
     infrastructure is essential to promote economic growth, protect
     citizens' privacy, and meet the needs of American citizens and
     businesses.
Once again, there is nothing about the freedom to distribute and
obtain access to information.
     (3) the rights of Americans to the privacy and security of their
     communications and in conducting their personal and business affairs
     should be preserved and protected;
I like this one.
     (4) the authority and ability of investigative and law enforcement
     officers to access and decipher, in a timely manner and as provided
     by law, wire and electronic communications necessary to provide for
     public safety and national security should also be preserved;
This is presumably included as a political compromise.  Those whose
concerns are primarily with marketing software can probably live with
it.  Those who are concerned with privacy and liberty and human
decency should, on the other hand, find this finding terrifying.  (Of
course, one can argue that the findings are just window dressing
without any substantive significance; I assure you, however, that they
can be used to interpret the substantive provisions of the statute and
that ultimately the interpretation is more important than the words of
the statute itself.)
     (5) individuals will not entrust their sensitive personal, medical,
     financial, and other information to computers and computer networks
     unless the security and privacy of that information is assured;
I have no problem with this as a finding, though I am not sure that I
want to encourage people to entrust sensitive information to computers
and computer networks, no matter what assurances they may be given.
     (6) business will not entrust their proprietary and sensitive
     corporate information, including information about products,
     processes, customers, finances, and employees, to computers and
     computer networks unless the security and privacy of that
     information is assured;
No problem.
     (7) encryption technology can enhance the privacy, security,
     confidentiality, integrity, and authenticity of wire and electronic
     communications and stored electronic information;
That is correct.
     (8) encryption techniques, technology, programs, and products are
     widely available worldwide;
     (9) Americans should be free lawfully to use whatever particular
     encryption techniques, technologies, programs, or products developed
     in the marketplace they desire in order to interact electronically
     worldwide in a secure, private, and confidential manner;
The clumsiness of the language worries me.  That word ``lawfully'' may
just mean that Congress finds that people should be free to do
whatever the law allows, but that there are no restrictions on what
the law may forbid.
More troublesome is the reference to programs ``developed in the
market place''.  That might be read as suggesting that there is no
freedom to use products that were not developed in the market place.
(The small number of programs that I have written have all been
developed in my head, and in my head's extension, my computer; none of
them had anything to do with the market place.  Are the programs
produced by the Free Software Foundation produced in the market place?)
     (10) American companies should be free to compete and to sell
     encryption technology, programs, and products;
I have no objection to this finding, but notice that it has nothing to
do with the free speech issues that are my concerns.  I want to be
able to give away the programs that I have written, and to give away
encryption technology, programs, and products that are subject to
copylefts or are otherwise available.  And I want to be able to
explain to my law students about how encryption programs work and why
they may be ethically required to use them for electronic
communications with their clients (and where to get them).
     (11) there is a need to develop a national encryption policy that
     advances the development of the national and global information
     infrastructure, and preserves Americans' right to privacy and the
     Nation's public safety and national security;
I don't really object to this, but I suspect that the best policy
would be no policy.  There are powers within the government who would
use the reference to ``the Nation's public safety and national
security'' as a basis for continuing to restrict the export or
publication or other disclosure of any secure cryptographic software
and algorithms.
     (12) there is a need to clarify the legal rights and
     responsibilities of key holders who are voluntarily entrusted with
     the means to decrypt wire or electronic communications;
I am not sure that this would not best be left to private agreements
between the owners of the keys and their holders.  (But this is not in
the area of my concern.)
     (13) the Congress and the American people have recognized the need
     to balance the right to privacy and the protection of the public
     safety and national security;
This is most unfortunate.  In cases of extreem danger the courts may
allow the agents of the state to ignore the constitutional right of
privacy, but it is not a matter of ``balancing'' equally protected
interests.  The agents of the state always claim that they are acting
in order to protect public safety and national security, especially
when they are trying to destroy the safety of the constitution.       (14) the Congress has permitted lawful electronic surveillance by
     investigative or law enforcement officers only upon compliance with
     stringent statutory standards and procedures; and
I guess I don't object to this, except that I am not sure that it is
     (15) there is a need to clarify the standards and procedures by
     which investigative or law enforcement officers obtain assistance
     from key holders who are voluntarily entrusted with the means to
     decrypt wire or electronic communications, including such
     communications in electronic storage.
This seems confused; what about encrypted data that is not a communication?
   SEC. 4. FREEDOM TO USE ENCRYPTION.
   (a) LAWFUL USE OF ENCRYPTION.-It shall be lawful for any person within
   any State of the United States, the District of Columbia, the
   Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the
   United States, and by United States persons in a foreign country to
   use any encryption, regardless of encryption algorithm selected,
   encryption key length chosen, or implementation technique or medium
   used except as provided in this Act and the amendments made by this
   Act or in any other law.
This only says it is lawful to use encryption unless there is a law
forbidding it.  I hardly find that helpful.
   (b) GENERAL CONSTRUCTION.-Nothing in this Act or the amendments made
   by this Act shall be construed to-
     (1) require the use by any person of any form of encryption;
OK, but shouldn't it also cover requiring any person _not_ to use any
form of encryption?
     (2) limit or affect the ability of any person to use encryption
     without a key escrow function; or
OK, though the language is rather clumsy.
     (3) limit or affect the ability of any person who chooses to use
     encryption with a key escrow function not to use a key holder.
   SEC. 5. ENCRYPTED WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.
   (a) IN GENERAL.-Part I of title 18, United States Code, is amended by
   inserting after chapter 121 the following new chapter:
   "CHAPTER 122-ENCRYPTED WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
   "2801. Definitions.
   "2802. Prohibited acts by key holders.
   "2803. Reporting requirements.
   "2804. Unlawful use of encryption to obstruct justice.
   "2805. Freedom to sell encryption products.
These provisions are not my major concern at this time, but note that
``encryption'' by definition only applies to wire and electronic
communications.  It thus seems that these provisions have nothing to
do with data that is encrypted but that is not a communication.
Do you think that this was what was intended?
   "\S 2801. Definitions
     "As used in this chapter-
     "(1) the terms 'person', 'State', 'wire communication', 'electronic
     communication', 'investigative or law enforcement officer', 'judge
     of competent jurisdiction', and 'electronic storage' have the same
     meanings given such terms in section 2510 of this title;
     "(2) the term 'encryption' means the scrambling of wire or
     electronic communications using mathematical formulas or algorithms
     in order to preserve the confidentiality, integrity or authenticity
     and prevent unauthorized recipients from accessing or altering such
     communications;
     "(3) the term 'key holder' means a person located within the United
     States (which may, but is not required to, be a Federal agency) who
     is voluntarily entrusted by another independent person with the
     means to decrypt that person's wire or electronic communications for
     the purpose of subsequent decryption of such communications;
     "(4) the term 'decryption key' means the variable information used
     in a mathematical formula, code, or algorithm, or any component
     thereof, used to decrypt wire or electronic communications that have
     been encrypted; and
     "(5) the term 'decryption assistance' means providing access, to the
     extent possible, to the plain text of encrypted wire or electronic
     communications.
   "\S 2802. Prohibited acts by key holders
   "(a) UNAUTHORIZED RELEASE OF KEY.-Except as provided in subsection
   (b), any key holder who releases a decryption key or provides
   decryption assistance shall be subject to the criminal penalties
   provided in subsection (e) and to civil liability as provided in
   subsection (f).
   "(b) AUTHORIZED RELEASE OF KEY.-A key holder shall only release a
   decryption key in its possession or control or provide decryption
   assistance-
     "(1) with the lawful consent of the person whose key is being held
     or managed by the key holder;
     "(2) as may be necessarily incident to the holding or management of
     the key by the key holder; or
     "(3) to investigative or law enforcement officers authorized by law
     to intercept wire or electronic communications under chapter 119, to
     obtain access to stored wire and electronic communications and
     transactional records under chapter 121, or to conduct electronic
     surveillance, as defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence
     Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801), upon compliance with
     subsection (c) of this section.
Except for subdivision (3) this seems totally unnecessary.  Let the
parties agree to any arrangement they want.  (And anyone who is
seriously going to use an outside key holder is going to want to have
them bonded, and will look to the bonding company for protection.
(Bonding companies are mean.))
    "(c) REQUIREMENTS FOR RELEASE OF DECRYPTION KEY TO INVESTIGATIVE; OR
   LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER.-
     "(1) CONTENTS OF WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.-A key holder is
     authorized to release a decryption key or provide decryption
     assistance to an investigative or law enforcement officer authorized
     by law to conduct electronic surveillance under chapter 119, only
     if-
     "(A) the key holder is given- "(i) a court order signed by a judge
     of competent jurisdiction directing such release or assistance; or
     "(ii) a certification in writing by a person specified in section
     2518(7) or the Attorney General stating that- "(I) no warrant or
     court order is required by law;
     "(II) all requirements under section 2518(7) have been met; and
     "(III) the specified release or assistance is required;
     "(B) the order or certification under paragraph (A)-
     "(i) specifies the decryption key or decryption assistance which is
     being sought; and
     "(ii) identifies the termination date of the period for which
     release or assistance has been authorized; and"(C) in compliance
     with an order or certification under subparagraph (A), the key
     holder shall provide only such key release or decryption assistance
     as is necessary for access to communications covered by subparagraph
     (B). "(2) STORED WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.-(A) A key
     holder is authorized to release a decryption key or provide
     decryption assistance to an investigative or law enforcement officer
     authorized by law to obtain access to stored wire and electronic
     communications and transactional records under chapter 121, only if
     the key holder is directed to give such assistance pursuant to the
     same lawful process (court warrant, order, subpoena, or
     certification) used to obtain access to the stored wire and
     electronic communications and transactional records.
     "(B) The notification required under section 2703(b) shall, in the
     event that encrypted wire or electronic communications were obtained
     from electronic storage, include notice of the fact that a key to
     such communications was or was not released or decryption assistance
     was or was not provided by a key holder.
     "(C) In compliance with the lawful process under subparagraph (A),
     the key holder shall provide only such key release or decryption
     assistance as is necessary for access to the communications covered
     by such lawful process.
Note once again that this applies only to _communications_.
     "(3) USE OF KEY.-(A) An investigative or law enforcement officer to
     whom a key has been released under this subsection may use the key
     only in the manner and for the purpose and duration that is
     expressly provided for in the court order or other provision of law
     authorizing such release and use, not to exceed the duration of the
     electronic surveillance for which the key was released.
     "(B) On or before completion of the authorized release period, the
     investigative or law enforcement officer to whom a key has been
     released shall destroy and not retain the released key.
     "(C) The inventory required to be served pursuant to section
     2518(8)(d) on persons named in the order or the application under
     section 2518(7)(b), and such other parties to intercepted
     communications as the judge may determine, in the interest of
     justice, shall, in the event that encrypted wire or electronic
     communications were intercepted, include notice of the fact that
     during the period of the order or extensions thereof a key to, or
     decryption assistance for, any encrypted wire or electronic
     communications of the person or party intercepted was or was not
     provided by a key holder.
     "(4) NONDISCLOSURE OF RELEASE.-No key holder, officer, employee, or
     agent thereof shall disclose the key release or provision of
     decryption assistance pursuant to subsection (b), except as may
     otherwise be required by legal process and then only after prior
     notification to the Attorney General or to the principal prosecuting
     attorney of a State or any political subdivision of a State, as may
     be appropriate.
   "(d) RECORDS OR OTHER INFORMATION HELD BY KEY HOLDERS.-A key holder,
   shall not disclose a record or other information (not including the
   key) pertaining to any person whose key is being held or managed by
   the key holder, except-
     "(1) with the lawful consent of the person whose key is being held
     or managed by the key holder; or
     "(2) to an investigative or law enforcement officer pursuant to a
     subpoena authorized under Federal or State law, court order, or
     lawful process.
   An investigative or law enforcement officer receiving a record or
   information under paragraph (2) is not required to provide notice to
   the person to whom the record or information pertains. Any disclosure
   in violation of this subsection shall render the person committing the
   violation liable for the civil damages provided for in subsection (f).
   "(e) CRIMINAL PENALTIES.-The punishment for an offense under
   subsection (a) of this section is-
     "(1) if the offense is committed for a tortious, malicious, or
     illegal purpose, or for purposes of direct or indirect commercial
     advantage or private commercial gain- "(A) a fine under this title
     or imprisonment for not more than 1 year, or both, in the case of a
     first offense under this subparagraph; or
     "(B) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than 2
     years, or both, for any second or subsequent offense; and"(2) in any
     other case where the offense is committed recklessly or
     intentionally, a fine of not more than $5,000 or imprisonment for
     not more than 6 months, or both.
   "(f) CIVIL DAMAGES.-
     "(1) IN GENERAL.-Any person aggrieved by any act of a person in
     violation of subsections (a) or (d) may in a civil action recover
     from such person appropriate relief.
     "(2) RELIEF.-In an action under this subsection, appropriate relief
     includes- "(A) such preliminary and other equitable or declaratory
     relief as may be appropriate;
     "(B) damages under paragraph (3) and punitive damages in appropriate
     cases; and
     "(C) a reasonable attorney's fee and other litigation costs
     reasonably incurred."(3) COMPUTATION OF DAMAGES.-The court may
     assess as damages whichever is the greater of-
     "(A) the sum of the actual damages suffered by the plaintiff and any
     profits made by the violator as a result of the violation; or
     "(B) statutory damages in the amount of $5,000."(4) LIMITATION.-A
     civil action under this subsection shall not be commenced later than
     2 years after the date upon which the plaintiff first knew or should
     have known of the violation.
   "(g) DEFENSE.-It shall be a complete defense against any civil or
   criminal action brought under this chapter that the defendant acted in
   good faith reliance upon a court warrant or order, grand jury or trial
   subpoena, or statutory authorization.
   "\S 2803. Reporting requirements
   "(a) IN GENERAL.-In reporting to the Administrative Office of the
   United States Courts as required under section 2519(2) of this title,
   the Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General specially
   designated by the Attorney General, the principal prosecuting attorney
   of a State, or the principal prosecuting attorney of any political sub
   division of a State, shall report on the number of orders and
   extensions served on key holders to obtain access to decryption keys
   or decryption assistance.
   "(b) REQUIREMENTS.-The Director of the Administrative Office of the
   United States Courts shall include as part of the report transmitted
   to the Congress under section 2519(3) of this title, the number of
   orders and extensions served on key holders to obtain access to
   decryption keys or decryption assistance and the offenses for which
   the orders were obtained.
   "\S 2804. Unlawful use of encryption to obstruct justice
   "Whoever willfully endeavors by means of encryption to obstruct,
   impede, or prevent the communication of information in furtherance to
   a felony which may be prosecuted in a court of the United States, to
   an investigative or law enforcement officer shall-
     "(1) in the case of a first conviction, be sentenced to imprisonment
     for not more than 5 years, fined under this title, or both; or
     "(2) in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, be sentenced
     to imprisonment for not more than 10 years, fined under this title,
     or both.
This provision is completely incoherent.  There is no telling how the
government will interpret it, but at a guess they will use it to make
people reveal their keys:  ``if you don't tell us your key, we are
going to charge you with impeding the communication to me of
information about the felony I am investigating.''
   " 2805. Freedom to sell encryption products
   "(a) IN GENERAL.-It shall be lawful for any person within any State of
   the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of
   Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession of the United States, to
   sell in interstate commerce any encryption, regardless of encryption
   algorithm selected, encryption key length chosen, or implementation
   technique or medium used.
This sounds nice, but remember that ``encryption'' is defined as:
``the scrambling of wire or electronic communications using
mathematical formulas or algorithms in order to preserve the
confidentiality, integrity or authenticity and prevent unauthorized
recipients from accessing or altering such communications''. So what
does it mean to sell ``any encryption''?
   "(b) CONTROL OF EXPORTS BY SECRETARY OF COMMERCE.-
     "(1) GENERAL RULE.-Notwithstanding any other law, subject to
     paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), the Secretary of Commerce shall have
     exclusive authority to control exports of all computer hardware,
     software, and technology for information security (including
     encryption), except computer hardware, software, and technology that
     is specifically designed or modified for military use, including
     command, control, and intelligence applications.
OK, here is where the problems that concern me arise.
This provision sounds quite nice, but it covers up several big
In the first place, the delegation to the Secretary of Commerce sounds
like a good idea, because, at the present time the people in the
Commerce department who enforce export controls are very nice and
helpful, and operate reasonably under reasonable regulations, while
the puppets who front for the NSA (or are actually agents of the NSA)
in the Office of Defense Trade Controls are not very nice, are
exceptionally unhelpful, and specialize in unreasonable---and down
right irrational---interpretations of unreasonable regulations.  But
if the jurisdiction is handed over to Commerce, I predict that the the
puppet masters will turn their attention to Commerce, and shortly
thereafter---if only because of Presidential pressure---Commerce will
have its own incoherent regulations and its own unpleasent people and
it won't be as easy to export software as one might hope.  Note that the transfer is to Commerce but there is nothing that
expressly specifies what law is to be applied by Commerce.  Thus in
theory at least there is nothing to stop Commerce from enforcing the
same old provisions of the ITAR
rights rather than selling cryptographic software as a commodity, the
really unfortunate part is that this provision authorizes export
contols on ``software''.  Now the Leahy bill does not define software,
but there is a definition of lying around in the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations (``ITAR'') that I fear Commerce might adopt---it
may even be the language that the draftsmen of the Leahy bill had in
mind.  And this definition of ``software'' includes a great deal of
material that cannot constitutionally be controlled.  Here is that
definition from the ITAR \S 121,8(f): ``Software includes but is not
limited to the system functional design, logic flow, algorithms,
application programs, operating systems and support software for
design, implementation, test, operation, diagnosis and repair.''
Note that what is covered here is nothing but information, and that
that information includes algorithms, _i.e._ recipes.  If the
government can constitutionally ``control'' the ``export'' of
cryptographic algorithms by requiring a license before one can publish
them or otherwise disclose them to a foreign person, then they can
require a license before one publishes Julia Child's recipe for a
_bombe surprise_ or a recipe for winning a Presidential election
without actually committing any felonies.
Even if that definition is adopted, the fact remains that software is
still nothing but information, and that it is the communication of
information that is protectected by the first amendment to the United
States constitution.  (If you aren't convinced that software is
protected by the first amendment, notice that software is
copyrightable as a ``literary work''.)  Note that the paradigmatic
violation of the first amendment is a scheme under which the
government requires publishers to obtain a license before publishing.
Part of what I fear is that, were the Leahy bill to be passed in its
present form is that the President, in conformance with that bill,
would simply transfer the licensing and rule making powers with
respect to cryptographic devices and software to the Department of
Commerce, but would still leave them controlled by the ITAR and the
Arms Export Control Act just as they are now, including all of the
cryptic and unconstitional interpretations of ITAR that up to now have
been imposed upon the Office of Defense Trade Controls by the National
Security Agency.  There is nothing in the Leahy bill that forbids that
sort of shell game.  The trouble is that there is nothing in the bill
that specifies the law under which Commerce is to ``control''
cryptographic devices and software.
The real problem, however, is simply that the Leahy bill appears to
authorize control (including licensing) of cryptographic software and
thus to authorize the imposition of licensing requirements for the
constitutionally protected communication of information.  At the
present time, on the other hand, although the Arms Export Control Act
does, quite constitutionally, require licensing of physical devices,
the provisions in the ITAR requiring licenses for the communication of
information are not authorized by any act of congress.  (The point is
of practical importance because the courts may be willing to strike
down the ITAR's licensing requirements on software on the grounds that
they are _ultra vires_ simply to avoid having to decide the
constitutional issues.)
Thus the major problem with the Leahy bill, from the point of view of
those concerned with the freedoms of speech and of the press, is that
it conflates hardware, which can be regulated constitutionally, with
software, which is text that cannot be constitutionally regulated, and
certainly cannot be subjected to a licensing scheme.  (The agents of
the NSA in the Office of Defense Trade Controls try to confuse this
distinction, claiming that cryptographic software is hardware, not
information that is in the public domain under the provisions of the
The only satisfactory bill, from the point of view of those of us who
are concerned with freedom of speech and of the press would be a bill
that says that export licensing controls do not apply, and recognizes
that export controls cannot be applied constitutionally, to the
publication or other disclosure or communication of software.
Another problem is that the Leahy bill expressly does not apply to
``computer hardware, software, and technology that is _specifically
designed or modified for military use_, including command, control,
and intelligence applications''.  This may sound harmless, but the emphasized language is almost exactly
the language that is used in the ITAR to define what can be included
on the United States Munition List in the ITAR.  The major
prerequisite for the designation of an article or service on the
United States Munitions List, according to ITAR \S 120.3, is that it
is: ``specifically designed, developed, configured, adapted, or
modified for a military application''.  This strongly suggests that, if the Leahy bill were adopted, the NSA
and the Office of Defense Trade Controls would simply take the
position that cryptographic devices and software still are
specifically designed for military use and thus remain on the
Munitions List and under the control of the Office of Defense Trade
Controls in the State Department.  This would seem to inconsistent
with the intent of the Leah bill, but that is hardly going to bother
the rather spooky people in the Office of Defense Trade Controls since
the law expressly provides that the courts may not review the
designation of an item on the United States Munitions List.  (Even
before that provision forbidding judicial review was adopted, one
federal district court held that the defendant in a criminal
case---whose alleged crime was exporting cable or satellite TV
descrambler boxes---could not challenge the inclusion of descramblers
on the Munitions List, because their inclusion was an unreviewable
``political'' determination.)
Thus I predict that the passage of the Leahy amendment would have no
affect whatsoever on the licensing requirements that are presently
applied by the Office of Defense Trade Controls to cryptographic
devices and software.  The people who enforce those requirements are
not now governed by law or logic; the Leahy bill is not likely to
change that, not when it contains such a gaping loophole.
But let us look at the particular provisions of the Leahy bill that
will supposedly ease the burden on both cryptographic hardware and
software:      "(2) ITEMS NOT REQUIRING LICENSES.-No validated license may be
     required, except pursuant to the Trading With The Enemy Act or the
     International Emergency Economic Powers Act (but only to the extent
     that the authority of such Act is not exercised to extend controls
     imposed under this Act), for the export or reexport of- ``Validated license'' is a term that is not used in the Arms Export
Control Act and the ITAR, so to the extent that that act and those
regulations remain applicable to cryptographic devices and
software---and, as has been pointed out, nothing in the Leahy bill
purports to change that---, this provision will have no affect
On the other hand, the term ``validated license'' is used in the
regulations of the Bureau of Export Administration of the Department
of Commerce.  Thus 15 Code of Federal Regulations \S 770.2 defines
``Validated license'' as: ``A document issued by or under the
authority of the Bureau of Export Administration, authorizing
export.''  So perhaps this provision of the Leahy bill does give some
protection, but only if the powers of the Commerce Department to
regulate software are deligated to Commerce's Bureau of Export
Administration and even then only if this definition is not amended.
It would, moreover, have been preferable if the bill had provided that
cryptographic hardware and software are entitled to a ``general
license'', which is defined in 15 CFR \S 770.2 as follows: ``A license
established by the U.S. Department of Commerce for which no
application is required and for which no document is granted or
issued. It is available for use by all persons, except those listed in
and prohibited by the provisions of Supplement No. 1 to part 788, and
permits export within the provisions thereof as prescribed in the
Export Administration Regulations. These general licenses are not
applicable to exports under the licensing jurisdiction of agencies
other than the Department of Commerce.''  (But note the last
     "(A) any software, including software with encryption
     capabilities, that is-
     "(i) generally available, as is, and designed for installation by
     the purchaser; or
     "(ii) in the public domain or publicly available because it is
     generally accessible to the interested public in any form; or
     "(B) any computing device solely because it incorporates or employs in      any form software (including software with encryption capabilities)
     exempted from any requirement for a validated license under
     subparagraph (A). This provision at first glance looks pretty good, but it arguably
offers no protection to people like Daniel Bernstein and myself who
want to publish new (even if, as is ture in my case, also trivial)
software with encryption capabilities.  The ITAR also has a public
domain exemption, but the censors in the Office of Defense Trade
Controls take the position that one would violate the ITAR by the act
of putting matter in the public domain or making it generally
available.  (The Office of Defense Trade Controls also takes the
position that cryptographic software is not information that can fall
within the public domain exception in the ITAR.)
Note that though no validated license can be required for such
software and related hardware under the Leahy bill, there is nothing
that says that such software and hardware is entitled to a general
license.  One may thus find oneself in the situation---that happened
for example to Daniel Bernstein under the ITAR---that one has written
software that cannot be exported without a license, but for which no
possible license is available.
     "(3) SOFTWARE WITH ENCRYPTION CAPABILITIES.-The
     Secretary of Commerce shall authorize the export or reexport of
     software with encryption capabilities for nonmilitary end-uses in
     any country to which exports of software of similar capability are
     permitted for use by financial institutions not controlled in fact
     by United States persons, unless there is substantial evidence that
     such software will be-      "(A) diverted to a military end-use or an end-use supporting      international terrorism;
     "(B) modified for military or terrorist end-use; or
     "(C) reexported without requisite United States authorization.
Here we see what appears to be authority for the Secretary of Commerce
to regulate the export of software, a provision that probably violates
the first amendment of the United States constitution, unless the
definition of ``export or rexport of software'' is limited in a manner
that would make the regulation quite ineffective.  The Leahy bill,
however, makes no effort to define what is an ``export'' of software.
One thus has reason to fear that the Secretary of Commerce will simply
adopt the definitions which have been used to restrain the publication
or other disclosure of cryptographic software under the ITAR.       "(4) HARDWARE WITH ENCRYPTION CAPABILITIES.-The Secretary shall      authorize the export or reexport of computer hardware with encryption
     capabilities if the Secretary determines that a product offering
     comparable security is commercially available from a foreign
     supplier without effective restrictions outside the United States.
This applies only to hardware, and so is not subject to attack on
first amendment grounds.  I am willing to bet, however, that if this
provision is passed, the National Security Agency would be delegated
the job of determing whether products of comparable security are
available outside the United States and that very few products would
be found by the NSA to be comparable (and that it would take years to
get a determination of any sort).
     "(5) DEFINITIONS.-As used in this subsection-      "(A) the term 'generally available' means, in the case of
     software (including software with encryption capabilities),
     software that is widely offered for sale, license, or transfer
     including, but not limited to, over-the-counter retail sales,
     mail order transactions, phone order transactions, electronic
     distribution, or sale on approval;
Notice that this gives no protection to those who do not widely offer
their software for sale, license, or transfer---persons like Daniel
Bernstein and almost all academic cryptographers, for example.  Those
who are interested in mass marketing cryptographic software may be
happy with this provision, but it is no consolation to those of us who
are not mass marketers.  (Note that mass marketed software may be
entitled to less constitutional protection, as commercial speech, than
is the software that academics like Dan Bernstein or myself may desire
to publish as part of our research or educational activities.)
     "(B) the term 'as is' means, in the case of software (including
     software with encryption capabilities), a software program that is
     not designed, developed, or tailored by the software company for
     specific purchasers, except that such purchasers may supply certain
     installation parameters needed by the software program to function
     properly with the purchaser's system and may customize the software
     program by choosing among options contained in the software program;
     "(C) the term 'is designed for installation by the purchaser' means,
     in the case of software (including software with encryption
     capabilities)-      "(i) the software company intends for the purchaser
     (including any licensee or transferee), who may not be the actual
     program user, to install the software program on a computing device
     and has supplied the necessary instructions to do so, except that
     the company may also provide telephone help-line services for
     software installation, electronic transmission, or basic operations;
     and
     "(ii) that the software program is designed for installation by the
     purchaser without further substantial support by the supplier;
Note that those of us who are not a ``software company'' that sells
software to a ``purchaser'' are apparently excluded from the benefits
of this definition.
     "(D) the term 'computing device' means a device which
     incorporates one or more microprocessor-based central processing
     units that can accept, store, process, or provide output of data; and
     "(E) the term 'computer hardware', when used in conjunction with
     information security, includes, but is not limited to, computer
     systems, equipment, application-specific assemblies, modules, and
     integrated circuits.".
I do not have any comments on the remaining portions of the bill, and
so I have deleted them from this already too lengthy submission.
I look forward to your reactions and corrections.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-03-14 08:50:12
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Exposure 
: >- What if the foreigner actually write crypto code while in
: >the US?  Does he (or the Uni/ISP) violate export restrictions each : >time he access the source code or execute his program if they are : >stored on a public (Uni/ISP) machine? : : The foreigner isn't a US person, so he doesn't violate the
: law by reading the code himself.  If the Uni or ISP knows
: that it's providing encryption software to the foreigner,
: it may be liable, but without scienter it's tough to have guilt.
: Probably the foreigner should not keep encryption software on
: University or ISP machines - floppy disks should do just fine :-)
If the foreigner doesn't have a green card he is a foreign person and
allowing himself to read his own code would be disclosing that code to
a foreign person and that is a felony unless he first gets a license
which he can't get because he is a foreign person or a favorable
commodity jurisdiction determination which he can't get without first
reading his code and sending a copy of it to the Office of Defense
Trade Controls.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-04-11 21:28:27
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: questions about bits and bytes 
: . . . .
: >Also, there are machines (mostly old kinky ones) that use bytes of sizes
: >other than 8 bits.
: : No, Bill, a "byte" has ALWAYS been 8-bits.  One of the main reasons : the term "byte" was invented was because the term "word" (as in, "word : length") varied for different computers, especially in the 1960's. (In fact, : many computers of that era used word lengths other than 8, 16, 32, 64 bits, : as surprising as this may sound to the current crop of PC and Mac : afficionados.)  This made it inconvenient to talk about memory capacities : unless you were referring to the same machine.  The solution was to invent a : new term, "byte," which conviently had about the same size as an ASCII : character and was always 8 bits.
One trouble with this statement was that an ASCII character only has 7
bits.  Another is that when I snuck into the IBM Executive Computer
Concepts Course in the mid-sixties, we [a bunch of high-powered
executives and me] were told, as I recall, that originally the term byte
was used by some to represent 7 bits.  IBM took credit for standardizing
the term on 8 bits.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-04-13 21:37:24
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: On computer face recognition: 
: How do _people_ recognize faces?
Some of us don't.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-04-14 21:54:13
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: US crypto laws? Need help! 
: Hi!
: : I was wondering if a foreigner like, with a valid work visa but not a
: permanet green card, is allowed to use crypto in the state.
: : If yes, is there any restriction? Depending on crypto methods?
: : Thank a lot, Jean
In the U.S. there is no restriction on such a foreigner using crypto,
but it is supposedly a serious crime (ten years in jail and a million
dollar fine maximum) for anyone to disclose cryptographic software to
him or explain how it works.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-06-05 20:32:29
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
: >   An executive at NTT America said that although there were : >   no restrictions on the export of cryptographic hardware or : >   software from Japan, his company was still anxious to : >   obtain software from RSA Data to use in its chips. That : >   software is still controlled by United States export law, : >   he said. : : : Maybe it's just me, but the solution to NTT's problem is obvious.  Even : assuming that the export of this software would be against the law, why : doesn't somebody simply violate that law?  RSA would publish that software, : possibly encrypted with NTT's public key, on a public system protected : against direct export.  "Somebody" would download it, write it to a floppy : (taking care not to leave any fingerprints, and wetting both the stamp and : the envelope with tap water, rather than licking them) and mail that floppy : off to NTT in Japan.  (Naturally, you don't put a return address on that : envelope.   The truly paranoid would first take that floppy to some store's : PC section, and cross-load the data onto a floppy written by some other : floppy drive.)
: : NTT finds that envelope in their mail, opens it, reads the floppy, decrypts : the data, and say, "Wow!  It's the data we wanted to get!"  It verifies that : the data is valid by emailing a copy back to RSA in America, who say, : "Amazing!  Somebody has illegally exported our software!"
: : As far as I know, there is nothing wrong with NTT using this software even : if it is assumed to have been exported illegally.  Obviously, NTT won't : _ask_ for somebody to do this, because then the government will claim it was : all a conspiracy, but that doesn't prevent NTT from being the beneficiary of : somebody else's activities.
I am afraid that that is the solution to the wrong problem.  NTT's
problem is that they cannot sell the RSA chip in the United States
without a license from RSA Data under the RSA patent.  So the deal is
for RSA Data to be NTT's agent in the U.S.  But Bidzos was complaining
bitterly at the EPIC conference that the export regulations on crypto
had cost RSA Data the international market.  The software for both DES and RSA are publically available so it would
not have solved any previously unsolved problem for someone to have
mailed the code--or the algorithms--to NTT.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-11 00:30:36
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: [Poster] Add Uncle Sam to Your Circle of Friends and Family 
: A most useful gif!  Thanks.
What is the copyright status?  I can think of some good uses for it.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-13 05:06:30
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Another bad idea 
: As  I see it, the Chinese communist government will not live to see more
: than a few years (if any) of the 21st Century. We are all aware of the
: devastating impact of telecommunications, TV and computers on  authoritarian
: regimes.  E.g. in the fall of the Berlin Wall, the Easterners watching West
: German TV was a significant contributory factor.
: : Satellite TV is available all over China.The government may, for a while, be
: able to ban satellite dishes, but soon their size will reduce to that of a
: wok (might even double as one). The Internet will soon be widespread. The
: real crunch will come when Hongkong becomes part of China. Inevitably, other
: parts of the country will want to know why the special status of Hongkong
: cannot be extended to them. There is a chance that instead of China taking
: over Hongkong, the reverse might happen.
: : In cyberspace, the students have the more powerful tanks. Can you imagine
: how different a massacre a la Tiananmen Square would look in a couple of
: years? Images captured on camcorders would be beamed back to the Chinese via
: satellite, all the information would flow both ways on the net, the Hongkong
: stock market would take a dive, ... I would suggest that tacitly or at least
: implicitly, the Chinese goverment has conceded that it will never try a
: major violent suppression of political unrest again. That, or it will decide
: that the Internet is a bad influence, and should be abolished.
: : What that does is give us a window of opportunity. Hongkong has one
: remaining  year of guaranteed unfettered flow of information. China still
: has the Internet. What can we do?
: : 1) Collect the e-mail addresses as Allen suggested (including those in
: Hongkong), and send them a single, short message offering to teach them free
: of cost how to use pgp and all the goodies at
: Unfortunately for those of us in the United States or who are
otherwise subject to its jurisdiction such an offer would require a
license or a waiver of jurisdiction under the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations before it could safely be carried out.  That
particular highly worthwhile project would seem to fall under the
definition of performing defense services as well as involving the
disclosure of technical data relating to an item on the United States
Munitions List.
: . . . . : Thoughts?
Obscene isn't it?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-14 07:27:07
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to defeat the ITAR? 
: : Hey folks, let's be real clear about this
: : : The ITAR do NOT apply to books.
: : Repeat
: : : The ITAR do NOT apply to books.
The only trouble with this claim is that it does not conform to the
language of the ITAR or with the whimsical practices of the Office of
Defense Trade Controls.  There is no exception for books, except for
those that are in the public domain because they are sold in book stores
and at newstands or are found in libraries, and the ODT insists that one
cannot put a book into the public domain by putting it into the public
domain or by selling it in a bookstore.
: State told Karn that it did not have jurisdiction over books.
Not quite.  They decided in their unreviewable discretion that they
would not exercise jurisdiction over a particular book, but such
decisions are made on a case by case basis, based on no established
criteria, and are without any precedental value.  In fact, in some of
the material filed in the Karn case the representative of the ODT said
that waiving jurisdiction over that book of software may have been a
mistake, and that in the future they might have to come to a different
In the Karn case the ODT did make a distinction between a book and a
CDrom; but that it what makes their decision nonsensical.  The only
problem was that the decision was held to be unreviewable.
: "The ITAR do not apply to books"
They do to.  (Unless one takes the position, which the ODT would not
agree with, that the ITAR do not apply to the means of communicating
That's why they violate the first amendment.
Or is the idea that they only apply to articles?  (That would
certainly give a new meaning to the phrase ``defense articles''.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-15 00:05:37
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Correction Re: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used . . . 
: : The ITAR do NOT apply to books.
: : The only trouble with this claim is that it does not conform to the
: language of the ITAR or with the whimsical practices of the Office of
: Defense Trade Controls.  There is no exception for books, except for
: those that are in the public domain because they are sold in book stores
: and at newstands or are found in libraries, and the ODT insists that one
: cannot put a book into the public domain by putting it into the public
: domain or by selling it in a bookstore.
Whereas I meant to say:
: cannot put a book into the public domain by putting it into _a : library_ or by selling it in a bookstore.
I hope that this did not cause any confusion.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-18 10:07:34
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
: > : > : : It looks like the majority of download failures are caused by people
: using browsers that don't support cookies.  If you aren't sure that
: the browser you're using supports cookies, then try Netscape Navigator.
: If are using Netscape (or some other cookie-capable browser) and are
: still getting a "No Cookie" error, please let me know.
I was using Netscape navigator and got the No Cookie error, but that
was understandable since I had set the cookes file to read only.  But
making the file writable, erasing my cache, and quitting Netscape and
bringing up a new copy of Netscape did not solve the problem.  I still
got the No Cookie error.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-18 07:42:51
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Sternlight on C'punks 
How does one set up a kill-file for a mailing list?  I run a Linux box
with sendmail and use the MH mail system.
My best guess is that I will have to install procmail, but would like
your advice before going to a lot of labor.
I supose that it would be easier just to unsubscribe from cypherpunks,
but that would be rather self-defeating.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:49:44
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
: : : >  We received written permission from the State Department for our
: >download verification mechanism.
: : What exactly is the reason for Netscape asking for the name, address, : e-mail address, and telephone number of anyone who wishes to download : the US-browser? If I remember correctly MIT in distributing PGP only : asks that you affirmatively assent to obeying export laws (and the : terms of the rsa license).
: : I have not heard at any point that the MIT system does not meet the : legal requirements of ITAR. Is there perhaps some other reason : Netscape wishes to have this information? When I asked the agent of the NSA who is seconded to the Office of
Defense Trade Controls to answer questions about the application of
the ITAR to the cryptographic software what the authority for the MIT
system was, she denied that the MIT system had been approved (or
disapproved) by the Office of Defense Trade Controls, although I
gather that the people at MIT may have spoken informally with someone.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-19 09:20:46
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: "address verification databases"? (was: Netscape download...) 
With much help from Tom Weinstein and a bit of luck, I have succeeded
in downloading the Linux version.  But the time I tried before it
finally worked, I typed in the New York City area code (212) rather
than the Cleveland area code (216) and since I had given them a
Cleveland address and ZIP code, they (the server, that is) said that I
had made an error.  So that must be one thing that they check.
It seems strange that they can require that you have a phone, let
alone that they require that your phone be in the same city where you
are.  (At one time I considered commuting between Cleveland and New
York.  I didn't consider it that seriously, but I am sure that there a
people who do exactly that.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-20 01:14:09
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: #E-CASH: PRODUCT OR SERVICE? 
: Furthermore, to the best of my knowledge, DigiCash's
: Ecash is the only ecash that I am aware of. The other "ecashs" lack various
: properties of cash, as previously explained by Bryce.
This pretty well proves that ``ecash'' is a generic term--even though if it is correct the genus at the moment includes only one element--and
thus that the trademark ``Ecash''--if that is what the trademark
is--is awfully weak.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-19 22:56:24
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
: > Presumably as this latest netscape beta is freely distributable, once
: > it's out it will be on ftp.unimi.dsi.it, ftp.ox.ac.uk, etc, etc.
: :   Just a minor nit.  No netscape software is freely distributable.
: The license agreement does not allow people who download it
: to redistribute it.
But--to nitpick at the nit--nothing in the license agreement that I
can find forbids one from distributing it to others who are not
foreign persons and are not outside the United States.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:17:23
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
: > : > Have you considered selling this export verification system?
: : No.  I don't have redistribution rights to all of it.  If
: someone were really interested, I'd talk to them, but the
: government would probably need to be told before any tech transfer
: took place, I'd bet.
: : Also, our govt permission is pretty specialized; I don't think
: anyone can just go use it unless they are willing to brave those
: untested waters I keep getting reminded about.
Would it be possible to get a copy of the terms of the written
permission that I gather Netscape has received from the government?
Or is this another area where the government insists on obscurity?
(I do want to thank Netscape--and especially Tom Weinstein who tried
to give me a lot of assistance--for making the downloading possible.
On the other hand, I certainly don't think that we owe any thanks to
the government agencies that made all this rigamarole necessary.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-20 00:31:07
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: MSNBC and cookies 
: In attempting to check out different Net media coverage of TWA 800, it
: appears the msnbc.com site won't let you in without a cookie.  Repeated
: cookie cancels with Navigator 3.0 drop you into an indigestive loop of the
: server continuing to try to force feed you cookies.  When you finally click
: OK, you get in.
: : Am I spacing, or is this the first site anyone's stumbled on that requires a
: cookie for access?  I've never been shut out of a site for canceling a
: cookie.  The first cookie request does have a user ID field.  If the server
: (or client) isn't misbehaving, this seems like a wee bit of a privacy issue.
: : I tried accessing the page ( on 7/18/96 around 9:15 PM
: PDT.  Anyone care to confirm this.
I can confirm it.  I never gave them the cookie.  Had one hell of a
job backing out.  I don't know what would have happened if I had set
my cookies file to be read only.
It's a nuisance, but I suppose there is no reason that a commercial
service can't do such a thing.  But what happens when one tries to
access it with Lynx?
I too am using Navigator 3.0 (the new beta with strong crypto)--I
wonder if people who use MS's explorer or whatever it is called are
faced with the same problems?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-21 01:24:57
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Reverse Engineer 
: Reverse engineering is process of 'mimicking' the specifications of
: another product by copying the 'abstract interface' of it. Example: : : I write a desktop application that greatly increases employee
: productivity, and it sells like hotcakes. Another company decides that I
: am gaining too much market share with my product and decides to reverse
: engineer the product so that they can create a competing product. They
: hire an engineer who takes the program and analyzes the input and output
: with a detailed script of test patterns (heaven forbid he might even
: decompile the program and snoop). By doing so, he now has a complete
: product specification minus the implementation (i.e. how it works). He
: then takes the product specification and gives it to another engineer
: (actually it's done through 'clean' liaisons) who then creates a product
: that does the exact same thing as mine--but with a different
: implementation process. Because the product copies the specification and
: not the implementation, it does not infringe on copyrights or patents.
Good explanation.  But note that reverse engineering is not a way of
getting around patent violations.  It only works to protect oneself from
copyright violations, since a reverse-engineered product is not
(arguably) a copy of the original.  It is also useful when the actual
workings of the original, or the way the original is made, is a (trade)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-21 21:59:33
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 
: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
: : > : > > Why not consider what the consequences will be?  Do you seriously
: > > believe that this will make the government stop enforcing ITAR?
: > : > The government has yet to enforce ITAR.  The only thing they have been doin
: g
: > is threatening companies who make products with strong crypto.  If anyone w
: as
: > ever actually put on trial for a violation of ITAR, it would almost certain
: ly
: > be found to be unconstitutional.
: : So do it. None of this anonymous bullshit, or trying to drag Netscape into
: it. : : I'd donate whatever I could to a Cypherpunk Legal Defense Fund. We only need
: one volunteer with a lot of time on his/her hands. : Fortunately one does not have to be prosecuted to test the
constitutionality of the ITAR as they apply to cryptography: the
Bernstein and Karn cases have already been brought and at least one
other is in the pipeline.  But no one seems to be setting up a Legal
Attack Fund to support such litigation.  Perhaps some of those active on
the cypherpunks list would be interested in creating and supporting such
a fund.  One would hope that those corporate interests who keep
complaining about how the ITAR cut into their potential profits would be
willing to contribute.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-24 04:03:05
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Borders *are* transparent 
: >
: >   Any one up for a distributed brute force attack on single DES? My : >   back-of-the-envelope calculations and guesstimates put this on the
: >   hairy edge of doability (the critical factor is how many machines can
: >   be recruited - a non-trivial cash prize would help). : >
: I'll be there.
: I have a pair of PowerPC machines that I can donate for a week or so.
I am afraid that the number of machines needed would trivialize even
the most non-trivial cash prize.  But for what its worth, I can give
you a lot of spare cycles on a couple of 486 Linux boxes.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-26 22:13:03
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
: >Here's a puzzle for our game theorists.
: >
: >Twenty cypherpunks robbed a bank. They took 20 million bucks. Here's
: >how they plan to split the money: they stay in line, and the first guy
: >suggests how to split the money. Then they vote on his suggestion. If
: >50% or more vote for his proposal, his suggestion is adopted.
: >
: >Otherwise they kill the  first robber and now it is the turn of guy : >to make another splitting proposal. Same voting rules apply.
: >
: >The question is, what will be the outcome? How will they split the
: >money, how many robbers will be dead, and so on?
: >
: >igor
: >
: : Here's my guess:
: Eache robber is going to want the largest share of the money possible.
: Therefore The first guy dies automatically because that increases the share
: size.  This continues on until there are only two robbers left.  Robber : suggests that he receives the full 20 million and since his vote is 50%, he
: receives it all.  18 robbers dead.
That ``solution'' assumes that cypherpunks are rather stupid.  Since
everyone can do that calculation it is quite clear that at least 18
would refuse to vote (or fail to vote) in a way that produces such a
result.  On the other hand, a proposal by the first guy to split the
proceeds equally among the first ten should be satisfactory to the first
ten.  On that basis nobody dies and ten receive two million each, if we
assume that each is a simple profit maximizer.
I think that that result is stable, but am not going to try to prove
that it is.  (If the result is not stable, it should be relatively easy
to establish that fact.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-29 10:56:50
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Feinstein wants controls on Internet, Books 
: Now, there are subtleties to building them that may require : some amount of thought, rather than being totally obvious to the builder,
: and there are things that are obvious but are difficult to do.
: : For instance, say you, hypothetically, wanted to blow up your government's
: legislative building.  You'd obviously want to pick a dark and stormy night,
: say early in November, and you'd sneak into the basement with barrels
: of gunpowder.  You'd use a long, slow-burning fuse, so it would blow up
: the next day when they're in session, but after lighting it you'd still
: run away very fast just in case your fuse speeds up on you.  The obvious
: thing you'd need to do is to NOT GET CAUGHT LIKE THE LAST FOOL WHO TRIED IT.
: However, if you do get caught, maybe you'll end up with your name in lights
: and people will set off firecrackers in your honor every fall,
: while if you don't get caught you won't be personally famous. Tough choice:-)
: : Penny for the Guy?
Did the old Guy and his co-conspirators use crypto?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-29 23:45:47
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Terrorists are adult Kids? 
: Once I was going to school
:  in a tram and a small bomb exploded right in my school bag.
: It was made from Ammonium triiodide which is really unstable.
That reminds me of my father's little jiffy fly killer recipe:
Prepare a batch of ammonium tri-iodide and while it is still moist mix
it with granulated sugar and then spread that mixture on the surfaces
where you expect the flies to land.  The flies will be attracted to the
sugar and then POOF! . . . .
Trouble is I was always too impatient and in checking to see whether
the ammonium tri-iodide was ready I would blow the stuff up in my
face--which rather gave a new meaning to the phrase ``red-faced''.
: So the idea is, maybe if kids play enough with explosives WHILE THEY ARE
: KIDS, they would get enough of it and would not continue playing with them
: when they grow up (and become more dangerous). Like, I myself pretty much
: lost interest in building explosive devices and rocketry after 18.
I suspect that there is a lot of truth in that.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-07-31 03:50:07
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Security Lies 
: We have just tested Netscape's security page and it seems they are either lyi
: ng
: or have a major bug.
: : All you have to do to confirm this is to go to their page
: : and click on the link under the heading Testing the Secure Server link
: "Here is a secure server you can visit.
It seems secure enough to me.  It won't even let me make a connection,
always saing that ``a network error occurred while Netscape was
receiving data''.  I am running the new non-export strength Netscape
beta for Linux and have my cookies file set to ReadOnly.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-08-01 13:20:20
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
: > : >> We won't do this.  Our domestic version will always contain the
: >> strongest crypto we can provide.
: > : > Then what is the concern about anonymous arms-traffickers uploading
: > the strong crypto version to foreign FTP sites?  I recall you saying
: > that the State Department might revoke Netscape's "permission" to
: > provide a domestic version if it was exported.
: : The only thing they can revoke is their permission to provide it for
: download over the internet.  They can't revoke our permission to sell
: it in stores or via snail mail.
Why can't they?  What steps do you take to make sure that the people
you sell it to aren't--gasp--foreign persons?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-08-09 13:59:32
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Suit filed to enjoin crypto provisions of the ITAR 
[I have cross-posted this press release by my lawyers to several
mailing-lists. I am subscribed to all of them and I believe that this
information is relevant to all of them, but I apologize because you
may receive several copies.]
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
------------------------Press Release---------------------------------
Law Professor Sues Federal Government
Over Computer Privacy Issues
Federal Civil Rights Action Seeks Injunction Against State Department And National Security Agency
Cleveland Scholar Attacks Prohibition On Discussing Cryptographic Software With Foreign Students And Colleagues
For Immediate Release
Cleveland, Wednesday, August 7, 1996
For More Information Contact:
Raymond Vasvari  (216) 522-1925
Gino Scarselli  (216) 291-8601
More Information Will Be Available at:
URL: //http:/samsara.law.cwru.edu
     A Case Western Reserve University law professor filed suit today in
     federal court, challenging government regulations which restrict
     his ability to teach a course in computer law.  Peter Junger, a
     twenty-five year veteran of the law school faculty, will file a
     federal civil rights action this afternoon in the United States
     District Court in Cleveland.  The suit names the Department of
     State and the secretive National Security Agency, which administer
     federal regulations limiting Professor Junger's ability to teach.
     The case involves the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, or
     ITAR, federal regulations which restrict the export of military
     technology.  Under the ITAR, cryptographic computer software, which
     encodes text to preserve the privacy of messages on the Internet,
     is considered a "munition" and subject to strict export control.
     The regulations raise significant First Amendment questions by
     defining "export" to include discussing technical information about
     non-classified software with foreign nationals, such as students
     registered for Professor Junger's course.
     In recent months, the State Department has sent a series of letters
     threatening possible criminal action to a Florida man who posted a
     simple cryptographic algorithm to the "sci.crypt" Usenet Newsgroup,
     an Internet site popular with cryptography enthusiasts.  These and
     similar incidents have caused Professor Junger to limit his
     discussions of cryptographic material with foreign colleagues, for
     fear of violating the ITAR.  Penalties for unlicenced disclosure of
     cryptographic information are severe: federal law provides ten year
     prison terms and One Million Dollar fines for those convicted of
     violating the Arms Export Control Act, the legislation under which
     the ITAR was promulgated.
     Professor Junger, whose class at Case Western Reserve focuses on
     the legal aspects of computer use and software development, plans
     to turn away any foreign students who register for the course this
     fall, largely because the law is uncertain as to what he may teach,
     and to whom.
     The restrictions at issue are administered by the Department of
     State, in cooperation with the ultra-secret National Security
     Agency, the organization charged with eavesdropping on foreign
     governments.   Under the ITAR, Junger may not teach foreign
     students about even simple software capable of encoding messages.
     Such software is vital to maintaining the privacy of communications
     and financial transactions on the Internet, and Junger believes
     that lawyers need to understand how it works in order to prepare to
     practice in an increasingly technological world.
     The information that Junger wishes to disclose is widely available
     on the Internet and elsewhere.  "It's not as though we are talking
     about classified information,"  explained Gino Scarselli, one of
     three lawyers representing Junger in the case.  "The material at
     issue in this case can be found in any university library,  but the
     regulations make no exceptions for even the most basic software,"
     Scarselli noted.   The lawsuit does not challenge the government's
     right to restrict access to classified information.
     Junger is also represented by Raymond Vasvari and Kevin Francis
     O'Neill, two Cleveland attorneys with considerable experience in
     First Amendment issues.   As Vasvari explained, the suit presents
     important First Amendment questions about the government's ability
     to regulate academic life.  "These regulations allow the government
     to dictate what a professor may and may not teach, even though the
     material involved poses no threat to national security," Vasvari
     explained.
     The suit charges that by requiring Junger to apply for a federal
     license to discuss cryptography with foreigners, the government is
     violating a well-established First Amendment rule which prohibits
     the government from imposing prior restraints on expression without
     clear, narrowly drawn standards distinguishing prohibited
     expression from permissible speech.  The United States Supreme
     Court has consistently held that such prior restraints face a heavy
     burden in court, and that standardless licencing schemes allowing
     officials broad discretion in restriction speech are
     unconstitutional.
     Because computer cryptography is expected to play an important role
     in the economic development of the Internet, the case is being
     closely watched.  Scarselli has worked closely with attorneys
     affiliated with the San Francisco based Electronic Frontier
     Foundation in preparing the suit, and Junger and his lawyers have
     been in frequent contact with John Gilmore, formerly of Sun
     Microsystems, who has offered his assistance as a technical advisor
     in the case.       At issue is not only Junger's right to discuss cryptography with
     foreigners, but also his and other's right to publish and
     distribute such information both in traditional forms and on the
     internet.
     Professor Junger's suit seeks declaratory and injunctive relief,
     prohibiting the government from interfering with his, or any other
     person's, discussing non-classified cryptographic information with
     foreign persons or from publishing that information.  Lawyers for
     Junger have moved the court for a preliminary injunction.  Junger's
     course begins in the fall semester, later this month.

@_date: 1996-09-17 07:54:54
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: That Evil Internet, Pt. XXIII 
: :      WARNING: DANGEROUS. : :      Simple advice for the manufacture of Chlorine Gas (similar enough to : mustard gas that it has the same effect). : :      1 bottle of Chlorine Bleach.
:      1 Bottle of lime-away.
: :      Hold Breath, mix in open container. Clear the building before you breath
: e
: again. : :      Use more bottles for a larger area.
: :      I did this accidentally when I was young (16), foolish and working : for a hospital. That it happened at work (_very_ small amounts of both bleach
: and lime-away) made the Emergency Room visit free and quick. No permanent
: damage, but I was lucky.  : Or one can use the technique my father accidentally discovered when he
was  in school and wanted to electrolyze water.  He made himself a
cell out of a broken light bulb (and wired it in series with a good
light bulb) and then realized that he did not have any sulphuric acid
lying around to use as a catalyst.  So he used table salt instead.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-09-25 23:01:12
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
Greg Broiles writes in a most informative posting:
: And that's what the ITAR is - a body of administrative law developed by the
: executive branch pursuant to a grant of power from Congress. (e.g., 22 USC
: 2778(a)(1), ". . . The President is authorized to designate those items
: which shall be considered as defense articles and defense services for the
: purposes of this section and to promulgate regulations for the import and
: export of such articles and services. The items so designated shall
: constitute the United States Munitions List.") It is subject to review by
: the courts just like the product of Congress itself; and an agency can't do
: something Congress can't do, like write an unconstitutional law.
It should be added though that most administrative regulations are
subject to judicial review by courts to make sure that they comply with
the law passed by Congress.  The ITAR, on the other hand, are not
subject to this sort of review and can only be challenged in the courts
on Constitutional grounds.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-10-02 12:50:44
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Press Release 
Plaintiff Seeks Summary Judgment in Cleveland Case Challenging
   Government Argues That Law Professor Cannot Challenge Regulation
    Requiring Him to Get Permission Before Teaching and Publishing
Oral Argument in Junger v. Christopher Set for Wednesday, November 20
Cleveland, Ohio, Oct. 1 -- Lawyers for Professor Peter D. Junger today
filed a brief and a motion for summary judgment in Junger v.
Christopher, the case challenging the licensing of the communication of
``cryptograhic software'' that is pending before Judge Donald C. Nugent
in the Federal District Court here.
Junger seeks an injunction against the enforcement of provisions of
the International Traffic in Arms Regulations that require him to get
the permission of the State Department's Office of Defense Trade
Controls (the "ODTC") before he can communicate information about
cryptographic software to foreign persons, ``whether in the United
States or abroad.''  The penalty for failing to get such permission
before disclosing the information can be as great as a fine of one
million dollars and imprisonment for ten years.  These provisions
effectively prevent Junger from admitting foreign students to the
course that he teaches about Computers and the Law at Case Western
Reserve Law School in Cleveland, Ohio, and keep him from publishing
his course materials and articles containing cryptographic software,
or explaining what it does, how and where to get it, and how to use
The challenged licensing scheme threatens the long-run viability of
the United States software industry and, according to a blue-ribbon
panel of the National Research Council, already costs that industry at
least ``a few hundred million dollars per year ..., and all
indications are that this figure will only grow in the future.''  The
regulations have been extensively criticized by industry and bills to
repeal or limit them are now pending in Congress.  Junger's legal challenge is not based, however, on the economic damage
that the ITAR's cryptographic licensing scheme imposes on the software
industry and the nation's economy, but rather on the unconstitutional
restraints that it imposes on anyone who wants to speak or write
publically about any computer program that has, in the words of the
ITAR, the ``capability of maintaining secrecy or confidentiality of
information or information systems.''  Junger does not challenge the
constitutionality of requiring one to get a license before exporting a
physical cryptographic device: ``It isn't unconstitutional for the
Office of Defense Trade Controls to damage the computer industry and
our economy by requiring export licenses for cryptographic hardware,
but information about cryptographic software is, as the National
Research Council has pointed out, `pure knowledge that can be
transported over national borders inside the heads of people or via
letter.' Requiring the permission of the government before one can
communicate knowledge is unconstitutional.  Such a prior restraint is,
in fact, the paradigmatic example of a violation of the First
    THE GOVERNMENT ARGUES THAT PLAINTIFF MUST APPLY FOR PERMISSION
In motions and briefs submitted August 21st, the government has asked
the court to dismiss the lawsuit, or in the alternative, to grant the
government judgment prior to trial.
The government makes the initial argument that Junger lacks standing
to claim that the provisions of the ITAR requiring him to get a formal
license or other permission from the ODTC before he publically
communicates information about cryptographic software, including the
contents of the software itself, are unconstitutional.  And it also
argues that that claim is neither ``ripe'' nor ``colorable'', because
Junger has not applied to the ODTC for such permission.
Junger takes the position that as a law teacher who venerates the
First Amendment it would be as improper for him to request the federal
censors for permission to speak and publish as it would be for him
openly violate the law.  As he puts it: ``My duty is to challenge
these unconstitutional regulations, not to give in to them nor to
violate them in an act of civil disobedience.''  His lawyers point out
in their briefs that few propositions of constitutional law are better
established than the rule that a plaintiff does not have to submit to
an unconstitutional restraint on speech and on the press before
challenging it in court.
``Those arguments by the government are rather strange,'' says Gino
J. Scarselli, one of Junger's lawyers, ``they seem to be based on
their argument that cryptographic software is actually hardware
because it is functional.''  And then he adds, ``Of course, that
argument is also rather strange.''
       THE GOVERNMENT ARGUES THAT SOME OF THE MATERIAL AT ISSUE
The government also contends that some of the information at issue may
be exempt from the ITAR's licensing requirements as technical data
that is in the ``public domain'' because it is available to the public
through ``fundamental research in science and engineering'' or through
``sales at newsstands and bookstores.''
``That hardly is a defense,'' says Scarselli, ``since it is quite
clear that the government will not concede that all of the information
that Professor Junger wants to be able publish and discuss is in the
public domain.  And to make matters worse, the only way that Professor
Junger can actually find out whether the government will treat
particular information as being exempt from the formal licensing
requirements is to apply to the ODTC for it calls a Commodity
Jurisdiction Determination, which in reality is just another form of
``It is not as if I am engaged in fundamental research in science and
engineering.'' Junger adds.  ``What I want to publish and discuss has
to do with the political and legal issues that are raised by computer
technology, including, of course, cryptography.  ``For just one example, since lawyers have a legal and ethical duty to
protect the confidences of their clients, I am convinced that lawyers
who use electronic mail or other computer technologies to communicate
with their clients, or to store information supplied by their clients,
are in some circumstances ethically, and perhaps even legally,
required to use cryptography to maintain the confidentiality of that
information.  And yet I cannot publically explain to law students and
lawyers--and lawyers cannot publically explain to their clients--how
to obtain and use effective cryptographic software without first
getting the government's permission to disclose that information.
And, of course, if the cryptographic software really is effective,
then there is little or no chance that the government will permit its
There is no law in the United States that forbids or regulates the use
of cryptography.  Yet the government argues that the information in
texts containing cryptographic software, including recipes for
creating such software, can be used in a computer to preserve secrecy
and confidentiality, and concludes that cryptographic software is
``conduct'' and ``functional'' and is thus not a text that is
constitutionally protected as speech.
Junger's lawyers, on the other hand, say that his claims do not relate
to the conduct of running a cryptographic program on a
computer--conduct that is not regulated by the ITAR, after all--and
that he only challenges the restraints that the ITAR impose on the
communication of information about how to carry on such legal conduct.
``Expressive conduct is exactly what is protected by the First
Amendment,'' says Raymond Vasvari, another of Junger's lawyers.  ``And
if that expression were not functional, if it were not effective,
there would be no need to protect it.  The government's argument turns
two hundred years of First Amendment jurisprudence on its head.''
``The government's arguments about software being conduct and
functional are striking examples of the sort of confusion that
pervades the whole area of Computers and the Law,'' Junger says.
``Trying to clear up such confusion is my major goal in my course in
Computers and the Law.  In fact, when I started teaching that course
in 1993, I wrote some cryptographic software to assist my students in
grasping the distinction between software as a text that can be
communicated, and that is protected by copyright law and the First
Amendment, and software as a process that runs in a computer's central
processor that can be protected by patents, but not by copyrights.  If
it weren't so frustrating, it would almost be funny that I cannot
publish that software because of the prior restraints imposed by the
defendants' interpretation of the ITAR, even though it is perfectly
legal for me, or for any one else, including `foreign persons,' to
actually run such software on a computer.  The government's confusion
is so extensive that an agent of the ODTC has actually told me that
software, cryptographic software, is actually hardware.''
``It is quite clear to me,'' Junger adds, ``that the State Department
and the National Security Agency and other elements in the executive
branch of the government are attempting to restrain the communication
of information about cryptographic software not only abroad, but also
within the United States, because they do not want us actually to be
able to use cryptography to preserve the privacy of our thoughts and
our communications.  It is as if the government required one to get a
license before explaining how to make or use an envelope, even though
it did not forbid the use of envelopes themselves.  After all, all
that cryptographic software is is a way of making electronic
Junger v. Christopher has been placed on a fast track by Judge Nugent.
On September 5 he established a briefing schedule: the plaintiff's
brief was due and was filed today and the government's response is due
on Friday, October 18.
Oral argument is scheduled for Wednesday, November 20.
Judge Nugent's decision is expected before the first of the year.
Litigation is expensive.  Professor Junger and his volunteer lawyers
were only able to bring the suit because of a generous gift by an
anonymous donor of $5,000 that was used to create the ITAR Legal
Attack Fund.  Additional donations by Professor Junger and others have
increased that fund to more than seven thousand dollars.
Scarselli and Vasvari are lawyers in private practice in Cleveland who
have dedicated much of their professional lives to the protection of
First Amendment freedoms.  The third lawyer on the team is Kevin
O'Neill, a law professor at Cleveland State University and the former
legal director of the Ohio Chapter of the American Civil Liberties
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:46:29
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: How might new GAK be enforced? 
: I've always wondered why large companies just don't write some type of
: standards document for crypto to interoperate, and then have each
: foreign branch write (or contract out) their own version.  I don't see how
: this violates export laws in any way.
The definition of ``software'' in the ITAR includes ``algortihms'' and
``logic flow'', so I suspect that the ODTC wouuld claim that the
standards are software that cannot be ``exported'' without a licnese.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-10-27 05:22:31
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Fed Ct hrg re Diffie-Hellman & Hellman-Merkle patents 
: : A hearing is scheduled in federal district court in San Jose for 10/30 at
: 10:00 AM on _Schlafly v. Public Key Partners_ and _RSA Datasec v. Cylink_.
: More information is available at  and
: .
The server at  reports:
  The requested URL /~schlafly was not found on this server.
Does anyone have a valid URL for this information?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-10-28 03:09:37
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Fed Ct hrg re Diffie-Hellman & Hellman-Merkle patents 
: : A hearing is scheduled in federal district court in San Jose for 10/30 at
: 10:00 AM on _Schlafly v. Public Key Partners_ and _RSA Datasec v. Cylink_.
: More information is available at  and
: .
The server at  reports:
  The requested URL /~schlafly was not found on this server.
Does anyone have a valid URL for this information?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-11-04 04:00:13
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: British Telecom merger with MCI 
Has anyone figured out how this merger can work, particularly when
British Telecom will be the surviving party, when those MCI employees
concerned with the security of communications will not be able to
disclose any cryptographic software or technical data to their
employer, or to their ``foreign'' bosses and colleagues, without first
getting permission from the Office of Defense Trade Controls under
the ITAR?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-11-09 08:10:56
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: WebTV a "munition" 
: > : > Page 3 of the San Jose Mercury News has a small blurb
: > about WebTV's browser/set-top box that "uses
: > computer-security technology so powerful that the
: > government is classifying it as a weapon
: > that will require a special export license before
: > it can be sold overseas".[...]
: > shouldn't be too difficult.  If they didn't use the "export"
: > level SSL CipherTypes, then what're they up to?  Are they
: > fighting crypto export laws (for which they should be congratulated
: > and supported) or are they just looking for free publicity?
: : Based on the lack of public policy pronouncements from the WebTV folks, : I would answer C) They're clueless. I'm not sure that management even : understood, or wanted to understand, that they'd have an export problem.
: See But note that both their licensees, Sony and Philips, are foreign
companies.  Presumably they will just manufacture the boxes outside
the U.S. when they want to market them outside the U.S.
As far as I know, the only person convicted of shipping cryptographic
devices outside the U.S. without a license was guilty of shipping a
satellite TV descrambler to Latin America.  So there is some sort of
precedent.  (And, of course, no First Amendment problem.)
But there is a big question as to whether WebTV violated the ITAR by
transfering cryptographic _information_ to the licensees.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-11-15 17:54:47
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Executive order on crypto 
Ok, stop squabbling.  Here is something important.
The President has issued a couple of Executive Orders today that
transfer crypto to Commerce (eventually) and that make things worse,
not better, as far as I can tell at a quick reading.
An important portion of the Executive Orders is a rehash of arguments
that the government has made unsuccessfully in the Bernstein case and
has also made in my case.
I found out about the order from a posting by Michael Froomkin on
Cyberia-L.  The URL of the Executive Order, for today at least, is:
  Michael Froomkin has also put up a mirror at:
  I will have a copy up on my web server (
before the evening is over.
It seems (again just at a quick reading) that the government is now
limiting, or pretending to limit, its regulations on the ``export''
of cryptographic software to communications over the internet or on
bulletin boards.  As I read the Executive Orders they require that the
final regulations shall contain the same sort of restrictions on
crypto information that the Computer Decency Act applies to
indecency--if the CDA cases are upheld by the Supreme Court, I think
that these provisions will be struck down on the authority of that
The Executive Orders are not yet in effect.  That awaits the
proclamation of final regulations, which may be hard to draft--or may
be issued on Monday for all I know.
And argument in Junger v. Christopher is scheduled for Wednesday.
Law is fun!
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-11-16 05:41:57
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: San Jose Mercury News declares encryption battle over 
Headline:  Encryption battle ends peacefully
             Technology will block circuitry in exports without U.S.
             licensing
  Byline:    BY RORY J. O'CONNOR
             Mercury News Washington Bureau
  Date:      Published: Nov. 16, 1996
  Opening:   WASHINGTON -- Computer companies and the federal
             government appear to have peacefully resolved a fierce
             battle over the export of powerful coding software in
             computers.
             The computer makers plan to use new technology that would
             block the use of code circuitry in exported computers
             unless both buyer and seller obtain licenses in this
             country.
             The coding software is designed to help people prevent
             their electronic mail, files, credit-card numbers and the
             like from being read by hackers and thieves.
  URL:       Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-11-16 07:49:17
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Executive Order establishing national emergency 
Since apparently people are having some difficult in finding
Executive Order No. 12924, which continued the authority for the
Export Control Regulations that are administered by the Commerce
Department, I am posting a copy here.  This is taken from the entry
for 50 USC 1701 in the House of Representatives internet law library.
--------end quoted text-------------------------------
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-12-12 10:25:00
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Draft of Commerce Department Crypto Regs 
: Steptoe and Johnson have kindly posted the draft Commerce Department
: regulations on encryption exports at Thanks.  Since it took a long time to download them from Steptoe and Johnson's web site, I have taken the liberty of mirroring them at     on my web server.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-12-14 11:07:09
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: ITARs effects 
: This implies that putting something up for FTP == export. Holy
: shit.
That has always been the position of the Department of Defense Trade
Controls with respect to the ITAR, the only difference is that now
it is going to be in writing.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-12-14 18:45:58
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: ITAR -> EAR; loss of First Amendment Rights. 
: It appears that we will now have the unique
: situation that a book which contains cryptographic
: info or source code will be illegal to export or : sell to a non-citizen, without getting export permission.
: : I am not aware of any prior time when the government
: attempted to claim that printed material, freely
: available in bookstores and newsstands to US citizens,
: became contraband when sold or given to a non-citizen.
A literal reading of the ITAR's provisions relating to cryptography
leads to exactly that result.  And there have been strong suggestions
that that is the intended result in some of the statements made by
representatives of the State Department.  If you are interested in this you might look into MIT's experiences
when they published the book with the PGP source code.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-12-14 18:57:09
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: ITARs effects 
: | : | : This implies that putting something up for FTP == export. Holy
: | : shit.
: | : | That has always been the position of the Department of Defense Trade
: | Controls with respect to the ITAR, the only difference is that now
: | it is going to be in writing.
: : 	My understanding is that they choose not to continue
: per^H^Hrosecuting Phil for putting the code up for FTP.  Thus, this is
: a change.  Or did Phil not put the code up for FTP?
Phil probably did not put up the code, but that is not the point.
They held his feet over the fire for three years and then, as the
statute of limitations ran out, dropped the case---perhaps because
they could not prove that Phil made the code available, perhaps
because they did not want to subject their position to judicial
review, probably for a combination of those reasons.  But that in no
way amounted to a change in what they claim.  In my case the
government's lawyer has made it quite clear that they would consider
putting cryptographic software on a web site as a violation, and I
don't think that for this purpose there is any distinction either in
the government's mind or in reality between an FTP site and a web
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger
                     URL:

@_date: 1996-12-18 07:24:09
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Computer Programs as Text 
I wrote a little article on Understanding Computers and the Law for my
class in Computers and the Law.  The major theme of this article is
the importance of distinguishing between computer programs as text
and computer programs as functional processes.  That theme is also a central issue in the suit that I am bringing to
enjoin the enforcement of the cryptographic portions of the ITAR as
they apply to software.
I intend to expand the article and ultmately submit it for publication
in a law journal but in the meantime I have posted an html version on
my web server.  The URL is .  This draft need considerably more work on the last two sections (and I
have to include the illustrations, which are a couple of pictures from
Alice in Wonderland).  But I am making it availabele in this
pre-publication form because it may have some insights that some of
you might find interesting and because I am interested in your
reactions and insights.  I especially would like to hear from real
programmers who view their programs as ``works of authorship'' (and
from those who don't).  That is not only important as an academic
matter; if we can get the courts to recognize that programs as written
and communicated are texts much like other texts, it will be difficult
to deny them the full protection of the first amendment.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
Internet:  junger    junger

@_date: 1996-12-30 07:20:29
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: New crypto regulations 
: How does the fact that the same exact
: information, when stored on magnetic media, cause it to lose its
: freedom of press protection?
: : Has magnetic media never been tested in court for freedom of press
: applicability?  What are the laws that outline the differences between
: magnetic media and printed media?  Specifically, the one(s) that
: permit the non-protection of magnetic media?
With the exception of the Karn case, which says little that is clear
on this exact subject, there is, in so far as I know, no law on the
: Does this mean that if a journal published an article on some strong
: non-key escrow encryption algorithm that included source code, it
: could not later offer that same article on a CD-ROM collection?  or
: provide that same source code online?
That is exactly what the new regulations seem to provide.  An interesting
question is what is the status of all those issues of Byte and Dr.
Dobb's that do have cryptopraphic source code and that are currently
available on the net.  Or are there any such articles?
These issues directly affect my case seeking to strike down the ITAR restrictions, which will be amended shortly to also challenge these new
regulations.  One of the things that I want to do is publish a law
review article that includes cryptographic software (in the form of
source code).  These now regulations will allow the printed version of the journal containing to be published without the law review or myself having to get a license, but today almost all law review articles are mirrored on the internet in the Lexis and Westlaw databases and many
also appear on their author's world wide web pages.
So I would be very interested if anyone could give me examples of
computer journal articles that are already on the net and that contain
source code of any sort, and especially those that contain
cryptographic source code.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger will soon cease to exist
