
@_date: 1997-02-16 07:26:05
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto code published in magazines 
: I'm trying to find instances of crypto code published in computer magazines i
: n : the last few years.  I know of Blowfish in DDJ, are there cases of more : mainstream computer mags like Byte publishing crypto code (I know Byte did DE
: S : in 1977, I'm hoping for something a bit more recent)?.  Please mail or cc : replies directly to me, nntp.hks.net seems to have died :-(.
:  : Peter.
If there are any responses I would be very interested in seeing them
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-02-16 04:54:45
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto code published in magazines 
: I'm trying to find instances of crypto code published in computer magazines i
: n : the last few years.  I know of Blowfish in DDJ, are there cases of more : mainstream computer mags like Byte publishing crypto code (I know Byte did DE
: S : in 1977, I'm hoping for something a bit more recent)?.  Please mail or cc : replies directly to me, nntp.hks.net seems to have died :-(.
:  : Peter.
If there are any responses I would be very interested in seeing them
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-05-10 22:42:18
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: One-Time Pads as Attack Method 
: : 1. Agents of the Enemy wish to create the appearance of you possessing
: document A.
: 2. They obtain some artifact you have emailed, or posted, or possess on
: your private local storage. ---
: Possibly even signed.  Call this message B.
: 3. They create the XOR of A and B, the result being a 'one time pad' C.
: which of course, gives:
: private message B XOR C = target bogus message A.  This result is of course
: not a one time pad;
: the plan is to accuse you of possessing materials that prove you are
: trading with the enemy,
: exchanging kiddie-porn, any of the usual things.
: 4. This 'one time pad' file C. somehow finds its way into your possession:
: it is an email attachment,
: embedded in some binary --- it could even be stego'ed into a GIF/JPG.
: 5. The agents break down the door and seize all your effects.  : 6. They are able to prove that you possess B and C, the XOR of which is A.,
: a fact that is impossible
: to have happened at random.
: 7. The jury doesn't know shit, and figures that if the chances of B ^ C = A
: by accident are 0,
: then you must be guilty.
It was in part for the purpose of demonstrating this possibility that I
wrote the OPT program that I later realized that I could not publish in
any form under the ITAR and cannot publish in electronic form under the
new Commerce Department export regulations (unless I apply for a license
(that I probably cannot get) from the government, a requirement that
violates the First Amendment to the United States constitution).  And it
was the restraints on publishing that and other crypto programs that led
me to file suit to enjoin the enforcement of the export restrictions on
The problem that someone might plant a message and a one-time-pad on
your machine makes for a good spy story; I would be more worried about
someone claiming that I had illegal software on my machine, since they
can always come up with a one-time-pad that will decode some file that
I do have on my machine (if they have access to it) and have the
``decoded'' text be a copyrighted program for which I do not have a
Do you think that Microsoft has a one-time-pad that will convert
Netscape 3.1 into Word for Windows?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-05-16 23:31:57
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Civil Disobediance 
: : > Perhaps there is a way to turn the training on the trainers?  Civil
: > disobediance is the best way to do this.  Were a relatively small
: > number of people, a thousand for instance, to post the "RSA in 3
: > lines" code to the world, it would be highly unlikely that anybody at
: > all would be prosecuted, : : Many 1000s of people have exported it.  See also Vince Cate's arms
: trafficker page.
: : 	
: : Around 3000 T-shirts were sold also.  Guess there are a fair number of
: people practicing civil disobedience in the US as a result.  They're
: still selling, see:
: : 	
: : for order info.
: : While it's probably technically illegal to export, it clearly doesn't
: get you in trouble to export it.  Raph Levien sent off a Commodity
: Jurisdiction Request together with a sample T-shirt to ask permission
: to export the T-shirt under the ITAR regulations.  They did not answer
: his request.  I presume that they viewed either a "yes" or a "no" as a
: loose for them.  If they say no, they open themselves for mockery in
: the press, if they say yes, we progress the situation.  Export on
: paper?  Floppy?  Internet?  Bigger programs.
Under the new Commerce Department export regulations it appears that
encryption software printed as hard copy---and I think that T-shirts
are hard enough for this purpose---can be freely exported.  But
the same material in electronic form may not be exported or placed on
a web site without a license.  So the T-shirts are now OK, but under
the EAR it is still an offense to send the code in a sigfile to an
international e-mail list.
It is possible that the application for permission to export the
T-shirt may have influenced this result.
(What is Raph Levien's e-mail address?  I would like to ask him the
details about his application for a Commodity Jurisdictionb Request.
It should be an amusing footnote in my casebook for my course in
computers and the law.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-06-15 19:38:17
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
: Just to be clear, we didn't give the blackmailer any money.  As Mike
: Homer put it: "We don't bargain with terrorists."
It is be really quite nice in Aarhus this time of year.  And on the Eve of St. John they stay up all night dancing around the bonfires
in which they burn the Witch.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-06-19 16:45:40
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: DES is dead. RC5 is next. 
: Now that a stake has finally been put through the heart of DES, let's all
: join in breaking RC5-56.
: : See my signature for details.
: : Thanks for you help,
: : --Lucky Green :   PGP encrypted mail preferred.
:   DES is dead! Please join in breaking RC5-56.
:   I would like like to help and I have two or three boxes that could
be used.  But the print on your web page is so small that I am not
sure I will be able to read the instructions.
Is there some reason for making the instructions so cryptic?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-17 17:08:34
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: The Big Sellout 
:   My webpage will proudly remain unlabeled by any labeling standard.
: Anyone got a good design for a 'No Lables, Never' sticker to add to our
: pages?
How about an image of a label with the words ``this is not a label''
on it?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-17 17:22:01
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
: BTW, we should differentiate generally between state action and private
: action. Getting fucked by Microsoft != getting fucked by the government.
: This is Libertarianism 101. Of course, I admit today the distinction was
: blurry.
Corporations are just parts of the government that got away.  I have
never understood why some, though far from all, libertarians bother
to distinguish them from the other organs of the state. Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-20 02:57:21
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Something of Interest (fwd) 
I do not know if the copy I received of this information was sent
directly to me or if I got it through the Cypherpunks list.  Was there
one copy that was sent directly to the list?  I have received lots of
copies after the first one that I know were forwarded.
I think that we should recognize that---if the message is not a
forgery---it comes from some people who are a long ways away from the
extremes of either intelligence or stupidity.  So I wonder:  would we
be quite so bothered if it had been labeled ``Press Release''?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-26 03:31:19
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
: : : : An Attempt to Hobble House Crypto Bill
: :  by Rebecca Vesely
: :  9:08am  25.Jul.97.PDT A Republican opponent of a House
:  bill that would loosen controls on the use and export of
:  encryption is circulating an amendment that would
:  effectively cripple the legislation.
: :  The amendment, by Representative Benjamin Gilman
:  (R-New York), who chairs the International Relations
:  Committee, would make it unlawful to "manufacture,
:  distribute, sell, or import any product within the United
:  States that can be used to encrypt communications or
:  information if the product does not permit the real-time
:  decryption of such encrypted communications or
:  information."
This is interesting in a perverse sort of way.  Notice that it does
not purport to forbid the _use_ of strong crypto.  Is software---
especially if it is not for sale, but just given away---a product?
Does writing software amount to manufacturing it?  It actually does a very nice job of raising the first amendment issues
that are ultimately going to kill export controls, as well as import
controls, as applied to software.  It would seem that, unless one
believes that the first amendment only protects pornographers, but not
programmers, that this proposed legislation is either (i) blatantly
unconstitutional or (ii) totally ineffective (since, if it is not
unconstitutional, it could not be applied to the writing, distributing,
importing, or even selling of those texts that we call programs.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-26 05:31:02
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
: : : : An Attempt to Hobble House Crypto Bill
: :  by Rebecca Vesely
: :  9:08am  25.Jul.97.PDT A Republican opponent of a House
:  bill that would loosen controls on the use and export of
:  encryption is circulating an amendment that would
:  effectively cripple the legislation.
: :  The amendment, by Representative Benjamin Gilman
:  (R-New York), who chairs the International Relations
:  Committee, would make it unlawful to "manufacture,
:  distribute, sell, or import any product within the United
:  States that can be used to encrypt communications or
:  information if the product does not permit the real-time
:  decryption of such encrypted communications or
:  information."
Besides the first amendment issues that I raised earlier, there are certain other problems with this amendment.  Say it takes 2,000 years to decrypt a message, now that is what I
would really call ``real time''.  And there could also be a message
that could be decrypted in ten seconds, but only by someone who has
the key.
Obviously this draft of an amendment is very rough, incomplete,
mistranscribed, or some or all of the above.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-07-26 19:31:47
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: An Attempt to Hobble SAFE Crypto Bill 
The more I look at this draft, the more gaping holes I see.
I do not think that it was ever intended to be enacted, but was rather
drafted simply to give cover to those who voted for the first
amendment, since they could then vote against this one.
Notice that it says that you will find the definitions in the Export
Administration Act, which I am sure, though I have not looked it up,
does not contain a definition of ``real time'', which seems to be the
key term in the draft.
But now that the first amendment lost, I suppose this could have been
leaked so that some other committee will vote for a compromise.
As I reread the proceeding sentence, I realize that I should have said
``proposed first amendment to the SAFE bill''.  We wouldn't want to
get it mixed up with the First Amendment, now would we?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-07 03:01:09
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: A helluva way to run a country, er, a world 
I am not sure how serious the proposed FBI-backed bill is.  It may
just be intended as a bargaining chip.  Or perhaps its sponsors are
as clueless about contitutional law as they are about cryptography and
how computers work.
It is conceivable that the courts might uphold (a carefully drafted)
law regulating the _use_ of cryptographic software, but the proposed
bill does not do that.  Instead it provides:
        (b) As of January 1, 1999, it shall be unlawful for any
        person to manufacture for sale or distribution within
        the U.S., distribute within the U.S., sell within the
        U.S., or import into the U.S., any product that can be
        used to encrypt communications or electronic
        information, unless that product:
         (1) includes features, such as key recovery, trusted          third party compatibility or other means, that
          (A) permit immediate decryption upon receipt of
          decryption information by an authorized party without
          the knowledge or cooperation of the person using such
          encryption product; and
          (B) is either enabled at the time of manufacture,
          distribution, sale, or import, or may be enabled by the
          purchase or end user; or
         (2) can be used only on systems or networks that include
         features, such as key recovery, trusted third party
         compatibility or other means, that permit immediate
         decryption by an authorized party without the knowledge
         or cooperation of the person using such encryption
         product.
But notice that the ``products'' that are described here are actually
software, are computer programs.  (I suppose that some products could
be physical devices with the programs hard-wired or in firmware, and
to the extent that there are such devices the following analysis may
not be applicable.)
Now, although it is possible that Judge Freeh and Senator Feinstein are
not aware of the fact, computer programs are written and published, and
they certainly are not ``manufactured'' in any accepted meaning of that
word, and their writing and publication is---as Judge Patel just held
once again---protected by the First Amendment to the United States
Constitution like any other writing or publication.  It may, as I said,
be possible under the Constitution to regulate the use of cryptographic
software, but to forbid the publication (distribution, sale, or import)
of software because its content is unpleasing to the government is a
blatant violation of the First Amendment.
Yet the draftsmen of the Bill do not purport to regulate the use of
cryptographic software, they only purport to forbid its publication.
Which I find strange.
What I also find strange is that the ardent opponents of the CDA do
not seem much disturbed by such a proposed violation of the First
Amendment, or by the present constitutional violations embodied in the
``export'' regulations on encrption software that are being challenged
in the _Bernstein_ and _Junger_ cases.  Somehow those who care about
the right of programmers to express their ideas and to publish the software that they write have failed miserably in explaining to the
public, including those organizations that have traditionally been
concerned with protecting civil liberties, that programs are written
and published like any other text.
Part of the problem may be that those who publish software
commercially would rather be thought of---and regulated
as---manufacturers.  The last thing that they want is for people to
start claiming a first amendment right to read their programms and to
copy the ideas, or criticize the expression of the ideas, that are
buried there.  To the software moguls ``free speech'' must sound an awful lot like ``free software''.  And, however distasteful they may
find the proposed legislation, it at least has the virtue of making it illegal to import or distribute Linux.  And the nice thing about regulations of the sort proposed is that they raise insurmountable
barriers for any competitor who hopes to enter the market place for
computer software.
Another reason that there may not be so much concern among traditional
civil libertarians about the First Amendment implications of this
proposed crypto legislation or of the export regulations on encryption
software is that---as hard as it may be for the denizens of this list
to comprehend---they are simply not interested in cryptography.
But the constitutional issues raised by the proposed bill and the
export regulations on cryptographic software implicate all software,
not just encryption software.  For whatever else it may be, all
software is functional, and the government's argument comes down to
the claim that they can censor software because it is functional and
that ``functionality'' is not protected by the First Amendment.  Thus,
according to the arguments that have been made by the President
himself, it would be perfectly constitutional for the government, in
order to encourage efficiency and interoperability, to forbid the
publication of any software that does not comply with the Windows 95
Here is what President Clinton had to say when he transferred the
regulation of cryptographic software from the Department of State to
the Department of Commerce:
 Because the export of encryption software, like the export of other
 encryption products described in this section, must be controlled
 because of such software's functional capacity, rather than because
 of any possible informational value of such software, such software
 shall not be considered or treated as ``technology,'' as that term is
 defined in section 16 of the EAA (50 U.S.C. App. 2415) and in the EAR
 (61 Fed. Reg. 12714, March 25,
 1996)[.]
Don't you find that rather frightening?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-10 17:51:01
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Government shows its hand...good news! 
: I won't comment on Tim's second possibility, but the amendment added to
: SAFE today by one committee //prohibits// judicial review. So much for the
: Supremes likely to strike it down.
That prohibits---and can prohibit---only review under the
Administrative Procedure Act.  It cannot prohibit, and is not likely
to inhibit, review of Constitutional Claims.  (The ITAR and the EAR
are not ``reviewable'' either; which did not stop Judge Patel in
_Bernstein_ from deciding the constitutional question.)
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-10 18:10:37
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
: The "software as free speech, which means it can be subjected to prior
: restraint, government censorship, or export control" argument is proceeding
: nicely, thanks to Bernstein, Gilmore, Junger, Cohn, and others, and is a
: much more solid basis for ensuring civil liberties.
Uhrr . . . .  I don't think that is quite the way we phrased the
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-10 18:20:03
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Government shows its hand...good news! 
: Tim May is correct (as is Declan's clarification of his earlier note). : If the amendment does become law, however, do not expect two things:
: : . . . .
: : 2.  Do not expect that a case will involve a broad coalition of
: plaintiffs, as was the case with the CDA.  Expect that the courts will
: only entertain an action by a plaintiff with traditional standing:  one
: who goes through all of the bureaucratic hoops trying to get a license,
: and then is turned down.
There would, undoubtedly, have to be some showing of standing, but
that would not require going through the bureaucratic hoops of trying
to get a license _if_ the denial of a license is not reviewable under
the APA, and perhaps not even then.  It is the requirement that one
get a license, not the denial of the license, that is a prior
restraint in violation of the First Amendment and if a licensing
scheme on speech is to be upheld it must provide for prompt judicial
review.  (And normally providing judicial review is not enought to
get around the prior restraint challenge.)  Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-12 20:13:24
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
: : > : > I was talking to someone after a law class this evening (we're covering
: > electronic privacy topics, but unfortunately we're not at crypto yet). He
: > suggested widespread civil disobedience. : : Might I suggest using RSA in perl:
: : print pack"C*",split/\D+/,`echo "16iII*o\U
: )]}\EsMsKsN0[lN*1lK[d2%Sa2/d0.  It is unlikely that we will be seeking further classifications in
connection with my suit, but it might be an interesting and useful
project---not involving civil disobedience---for some of you.  It
would be interesting to see exactly which encryption programs the
bureaucrats classify as encryption programs, and which they don't.
It would also be interesting to see if they give the same
classifications in response to requests by those who are not suing
I must, however, warn you that it is not an easy project.  It cannot
be done by e-mail and you have to get numbered forms from Commerce
Department on which the applications must be submitted.  In fact,
the difficulty of applying for a classification or a license is one of
the many reasons for concluding that the export restrictions on
cryptography violate the United States Constitution.  It would certainly be helpful if it turned out that that Commerce
cannot or will not respond promptly to classification requests made by
would-be publishers of cryptographic software who are neither
commercial publishers nor suing to enjoin the enforcement of the Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-12 20:25:38
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Snuffle Destroys United States: Film at 11 
: Correct me if I'm wrong, but I thought "Snuffle" was some
: simple-minded cipher designed to test ITAR.  I didn't think it
: was something anyone would choose to incorporate into a serious
: product.
I am quite sure that you are wrong in this.  It is a serious program
written to demonstrate Bernstein's algorithm for converting a secure
hash function (which as it happens is exportable) into an encryption
program (which is not exportable).  It certainly was not written to
test the ITAR and restricting it under the ITAR or the EAR was and is
rather odd as it contains no encryption code itself.  Or, at least,
that is my understanding.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-13 18:57:39
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Information Please 
: >I am assuming of course that there must be some form of law somewhere
: >which recognizes the right to resist oppression and violation of human
: >rights by any government elected or not.
: : In fact, the Nuremberg decisions say that in certain cases International Law : may *require* you to overthrow your government.
And the New Hampshire Constitution has some deragatory remarks---
``slavish'', as I recall, is one---about those who in the appropriate circumstances do not revolt.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-14 20:08:02
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Court proceedings under new SAFE act] 
: What if I respond to Adam Back and accidently forget to snip his .sig? : (if that's not prior restraint, I don't know what is!)
What it is, under current law, is a violation of Export Administration
Regulations, unless you somehow get a license before you send the
reply.  Of course, if you send the reply in hard copy you would be all
right under the EAR, though it would seem to be a violation to
distribute the reply in the United States, if the proposed legislation
were to be enacted.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-16 17:48:10
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
CORRECTED MESSAGE
[Adam Back has pointed out that I made a stupid mistake when I sent the
original version of this message, in that I failed before sending it to
delete some code, which Declan McCullagh had included in his message, as
I had intended.  I cannot reconstruct exactly how I came to make this
mistake, but suspect that it had to do with the fact that at the time I
sent it I was rushing to get to class and was having difficulty both
with my connection to my office machine and with my monitor, which tends
to flicker badly when someone uses a hair dryer or something like that
in the building where I live.
Here is what I had intended to send.  Please correct your records
accordingly.  I regret any inconvenience my mistake may have caused.]
------Text of Corrected Message
: : > : > I was talking to someone after a law class this evening (we're covering
: > electronic privacy topics, but unfortunately we're not at crypto yet). He
: > suggested widespread civil disobedience. : : Might I suggest using RSA in perl:
[Adam Back's code for RSA in perl is deleted (but you can find it at  and in Declan's original message).] : which is now officially non-exportable (as reported by Peter Junger;
: he asked for serveral code examples and this one was one of the
: non-exportable ones).  Short enough to make them look silly, short
: enough that most people don't have qualms about quoting, or using as a
: .sig.  And they've committed themselves in writing to Peter Junger
: that you're not allowed to export it.
For the classification by the commerce department of the programs that
my Legal Attack Team submitted, and for the applications, see
.  It is unlikely that we will be seeking further classifications in
connection with my suit, but it might be an interesting and useful
project---not involving civil disobedience---for some of you.  It
would be interesting to see exactly which encryption programs the
bureaucrats classify as encryption programs, and which they don't.
It would also be interesting to see if they give the same
classifications in response to requests by those who are not suing
I must, however, warn you that it is not an easy project.  It cannot
be done by e-mail and you have to get numbered forms from Commerce
Department on which the applications must be submitted.  In fact,
the difficulty of applying for a classification or a license is one of
the many reasons for concluding that the export restrictions on
cryptography violate the United States Constitution.  It would certainly be helpful if it turned out that that Commerce
cannot or will not respond promptly to classification requests made by
would-be publishers of cryptographic software who are neither
commercial publishers nor suing to enjoin the enforcement of the Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-18 16:42:38
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
: >SEC 3. EXPORTS OF ENCRYPTION.
: >	(a) EXPORT CONTROL OF ENCRYPTION PRODUCTS NOT CONTROLLED ON THE UNITED
: >STATES MUNITIONS LIST. - The Secretary of Commerce, with the concurrence of
: >the Secretary of Defense, shall have the authority to control the export of
: >encryption products not controlled on the United States Munitions List.
: >Decisions made by the Secretary of Commerce with the concurrence of the
: >Secretary of Defense with respect to exports of encryption products under
: >this section shall not be subject to judicial review.
: : I take it this last sentence is intended to kill Bernstein, Karn and Junger
: and any other cases we might try to bring.  Correct?
That may be the wish, but it is probably not the intent, since the
government already argues that the administrative decision to classify
a ``product'' as an ``encryption product'' is not subject to
administrative review.  That was the case pretty clearly under the
ITAR, though it may not be the case under the EAR.
But in any case this language would not prevent the courts from
hearing constitutional challenges to the regulations themselves or to
their application in particular cases.  So it will not affect the
constitutional claims in Bernstein, Karn and Junger or similar  claims
brought by anyone else, even if it passes.  But it might affect some
of the administrative law issues that are still being raised in the
Karn case.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-09-18 17:13:47
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
: Congress cannot eliminate challenges like those in _Bernstein_ and _Junger_
: which are challenges to a statutory/regulatory scheme on the grounds that
: it is unconstitutional. The only way to avoid/eliminate judicial review of
: a constitutional challenge to a statute is to amend the constitution
: itself. (cf. the "no offensive flag-burning" amendments which are discussed
: from time to time, which are unconstitutional when expressed as ordinary
: statutes or as administrative regulations, see _Texas v. Johnson_ and _US
: v. Eichman_.) I do not want to give Congress any ideas, but there is also the
possibility that they could take away the federal courts' jurisdiction
to hear constitutional questions without amending the constitution.
On the other hand it is possible that the courts would find a way to
hold that that limitation on their jurisdiction is unconstitutional.
Under the first judiciary act the federal courts did not have original
jurisdiction over civil claims arising under federal law (which would
include the constitution).
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-10-07 07:40:05
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Zergo Report 
: Thanks to Adam Back and Ross Anderson the full Zergo : Report on encryption use by the NHSnet is online at:
: :      (139K)
: : There may be action by HMG to prohibit publication in the
: UK (and maybe elsewhere) so we've mirrored it at:
: :    : : Other mirrors encouraged.
OK.  I have downloaded it to my web site and, though it is not listed
in any index, it is available at
But why do you expect HMG to try to suppress it?
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-11-04 00:51:54
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: One Time Pads (Real Ones!) 
: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
: : One time pads are under rated, in my view.  Not only are they secure
: forever, but the executive branch of the U.S. government says they are
: exportable.
If your basis for saying that the U.S. government says that one time
pads are exportable was the governments classification of a one time
that I wrote in DOS assembly language using XOR to munge together the
contents of two files, I don't think that you can rely on that
authority since, at the same time, the government refused to rule that
all one time pads using XOR are not subject to licensing under the
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists

@_date: 1997-11-05 20:41:05
@_author: "Peter D. Junger" 
@_subject: Re: Need info! / Re: Export a random number, go to jail 
: > >If your basis for saying that the U.S. government says that one time
: > >pads are exportable was the governments classification of a one time
: > >that I wrote in DOS assembly language using XOR to munge together the
: > >contents of two files, I don't think that you can rely on that
: > >authority since, at the same time, the government refused to rule that
: > >all one time pads using XOR are not subject to licensing under the
: > >EAR.
: > : > "Export a random number, go to jail."
And then asked:
: : Is it legal to export '37'?
: How about '148'?
: '276'?
: '3,289,534'?
: '6.33458'?
Perhaps I was not clear enough.  The U.S. government's classifications
that I wrote about had to do with one-time pad programs, not the pads
themselves.  I know of nothing official that says that the pads themselves are
exportable, but there is nothing in the regulations that suggests they
are not.  Random number and encrypted messages are not regulated by
the U.S. export regulations; only ``encryption software'' is
regulated.  So far as I know the government has never claimed that
one-time pads are, or are not, subject to the export regulations.
If anyone knows of a governmental classification relating to the
export status of one-time pads themselves, I would be very grateful
for a reference.
Peter D. Junger--Case Western Reserve University Law School--Cleveland, OH
 EMAIL: junger    URL:          NOTE: junger no longer exists
