
@_date: 1998-09-10 14:43:11
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Renewable Energy Stuff (was citizenship silliness) (fwd) 
(risking /dev/nullification "is that like jury nullification?")
I think you misunderstood.  They are claiming "gasoline equivalent
gallons/acre" -- not that 1 gallon of hemp oil = 3 gallons of gasoline.
And were not talking about "burning" hemp in that sense.  In this
particular case were talking about hemp-based biodiesel.
Raising a full acre of hemp in that matter is something I don't have the
data on.  However, hemp is widely known as a low-maintenance crop -- that
translates little to no fertilizer.  After that we have the price of the
land/month, servicing loans on the farm equipment, labor costs, taxes,
energy, water etc.  Typical business overhead.   And for that 1000 galgas
Certainly nothing out of the ordinary compared to the overhead in
the oil industry.  Although on a cost/gallon overhead I don't know.
Obviously this would take a least one growth season.
ObCrypto: In the case of TEOTWAWKI from Y2K, we are going to need
energy to run our computers and crypto on.  This might also be important to the people wanting to run a packet radio relay net.
(even though the then non-existant FCC might not like them
using crypto on a packet link)
I copied Tom Reed and Agua Das on this since they can address
the tech matters more thoroughly than I can.
Other than that we should probably take this off list.

@_date: 1998-09-11 13:39:02
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: U.S. House only has a T-1 
etc delete....
Is there any effort underway to mirror the report to various
archives?  This is going to kill the DC internet corridor
jim burnes

@_date: 1998-09-17 13:59:25
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Cyberpunks Signal-to-Noise Ratio 
Far be it from me to complain about the content-free
nature of others postings, but has anyone else noticed
that the signal on cypherpunks is being lost in the noise?

@_date: 1998-09-18 00:23:53
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Cyberpunks Signal-to-Noise Ratio 
Hash: SHA1
Just to show how far down the SNR has gone I have
committed the ultimate atrocity and typo'd Cypherpunks
as Cyberpunks.
Must have something to do with re-reading Neuromancer
last week.  The unconscious does strange things.

@_date: 1998-09-21 22:55:08
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Actually he was directed to present evidence of impeachable offenses
as soon as he found them.  Well he thinks he has found some and I
might concurr on a few.
Blatantly partisan impeachment hearings?  Say it aint so, Joe!
If you think the political process has never been lower then you
need to recheck the history of the last several years.  How about
Democrats and Republicans joining hand in hand to cheer on
the baby burning BATF in Waco?  Is your religion ATF approved?
How about murdering innocent mothers while they are holding
their babies in their arms?  A scene worthy of Hollywood depictions of WWII era Nazi's.  Sure, Weaver got his money,
but was anyone punished?  Will the money bring back his
These cowards in Congress didn't have the balls to punish these
murderers then and they certainly don't seem to have changed
their tune.
When someone else had the cajones to try one of these bastards
on the soft charge of manslaughter the feds showed their true
colors and usurped jurisdiction and found them innocent under
color of law...
I seem to remember something about that by Tom Jefferson in the
Declaration of Independence:
"...For quatering large bodies of troops among us:
    For protecting them, by a mock trial, from punishment for
    any murders which they should commit on the inhabitants of
    these States"
That pretty much clinches it.  Yes, the political process
has been lower.  Unpunished baby burners, free roaming mother
murderers.  All performed by the Hostage Rescue Team with loving
Love is Hate.
Peace is War.
I love Big Brother.
I realize that now.

@_date: 1998-09-25 13:45:12
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Just who should Kenneth Starr work for next? 
Pretty amusing.  After Billy has resigned/been impeached he could star in
porno movies that Flynt produces -- maybe use the proceeds to pay the
taxpayer back for all the wasted time and money.
The real problem with all this is that Star was forced to reveal exactly
what acts took place because Clinton insisted on defining the minutia of
what constituted "sexual relations" -- thus revealing whether he did or
didn't conform to that definition was mandatory.  The question of perjury
balances on these facts. Any adult with half a brain knows that sexual relations are relations that
are sexual in nature.  A reasonable man/woman (especially wives of
the adulterer in question) would consider oral sex sexual relations.
But that is beside the point.  Billy C is being hoist on his own petard. The fishing expedition discovery process allowed by sexual harrasment
suits were an invention of NOW (and the club of socialist lawyers that Mr
Clinton clearly is a member of.) By any stretch of the imagination Clinton has either perjured himself in
his civil deposition (a felony offense), perjured himself before a federal
grand jury (an even more serious felony offense), obstructed justice or
all three. Of course the whole thing could have been avoided if Clinton had simply
told the truth during the deposition and to the American people. (Actually it could have been avoided if Mr. Clinton had not made a habit
of making his private life a matter of public record). Now Clinton has put either himself or the Republic in a very precarious
situtation. (1) Either the perjury and obstruction of justice laws apply equally to
everyone, or they apply to no one.  If the judicial system fails to
enforce these laws they set an example.  Next time someone is under oath
they can decide what they can and can't lie about.  They can decide that
"alone" means something other than what a reasonable man would agree with.
They can decide to deceive the judge and jury if the prosecution is
hostile (as if the prosecution is ever anything but).  They can give
testimony before a federal grand jury over a closed circuit video feed so
that they are free to refuse to answer questions without chance of being
held in contempt and jailed. (2) Admit that he lied under oath and open himself up to prosecution (and
definite impeachment). (3) Resign and save (a) the Democratic Party (b) tax payers dollars (c)
his own skin
(4) Refuse (2) and (3) and trash the democratic party in the elections,
waste huge amounts of taxpayer dollars and jeopardize the institution of
the presidency and the legal system. (whats left of them ;-)
And before all the dems on this list bitch that I'm just being partisan
and just "let the man get on with his job" -- let me state that telling
the people the truth *is* part of "his job".  (and I'm neither a democrat
or a republican -- not that there is much differnce anymore)
We all laugh at and belittle politicians for lying to us when "their
mouths are moving", but when they move those mouths under oath they are
held to a high legal standard.  Would you prefer this standard not apply
when taking the oath of office?  Would you countenance a politician who,
appearing as a witness in a murder case, lied about who he had seen
stabbing whom?  Part of the oath of office swears out the fact that they
will faithfully execute the laws of the land.  Is this another sworn
oath we could write off as the "trappings" of the republic?
More importantly, as Noam Chomsky points out in "Manufacturing Consent",
lying politicians are the modern democratic equivalent of feudal tyrants
beating or executing citizens in more "uncivilized times".  When the king
decided to supress the power of the citizens he simply beat, killed or
imprisoned them.  When modern politicos want to relieve people of power
they lie to them straightfaced, then do whatever they choose.  The more
slick they are, the less the people even know whats being done to them --
and the more dangerous they are.  They become tools of force for those
who wish to buy them.  The velvet glove over the iron fist.  In this
Heinlein is dead right -- democracy is force.
If anyone could watch the clinton testimony on video tape and not believe
that he is a congenital liar then you are deluding yourself. And as for getting on with the business of government that most "liberals"
hope for: education, welfare, more money for more people -- maybe they
ought to start thinking more about what is being done *to* them than *for*
them. "When we got organized as a country and we wrote a fairly radical
Constitution with a radical Bill of Rights, giving a radical amount of
individual freedom to Americans, it was assumed that the Americans who had
that freedom would use it responsibly.... [However, now] there's a lot of
irresponsibility. And so a lot of people say there's too much freedom. When personal freedom's being abused, you have to move to limit it."
President Bill Clinton, MTV's "Enough is Enough" 3-22-94
(*gulp*, the Founders are rolling in their graves like blenders
on frappe.  The true colors of a "communitarian")
In any case, since I'm neither Demoblican or RepublicRat I see the whole
issue like a bystander at the crash of the Hindenberg.  The first flames
are breaking out on top and you know that the thing is made of hydrogen
and flammable materials.  The conflagration is not going to go out until
the fuel is exausted.  Between Lewinsky, TravelGate, FBIFileGate,
DonationGate, Whitewater, Elections, Satellite News and the Internet thats
a hell of a lot of fuel.  Add Y2K to the fire and you just know the thing
is going to burn to a cinder as it grounds out.  "Oh, the humanity"
Being of libertarian disposition I'm no fan of the nature of sexual
harrasment proceedings, but if you are the chief executive of those laws
then you must also live by them or risk undermining the very underpinnings
of the legal system.  If you want to be the banker in the game of
Monopoly, don't complain that you don't like the rules when someone
catches you cheating.
(i know the original post was intended humoursly, but I'm so tired of the
prevarication, deceit, etc I had to put a word or two in ;-) taking a deep breath,
jim burnes
"Libery cannot be preserved without a general knowledge among the people, who have .. a desire to know; .. that most dreaded and
envied kind of knowledge.  I mean of the characters and conduct of their rulers."
    -- John Adams
    A Dissertation on the Canon and Feudal Law [1765]

@_date: 1998-09-25 21:00:50
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: arms collectors... 
Scuze me for picking nits, but if the missile doesn't have a
warhead then its just a rocket (plus some guidance systems).
When does a rocket become a "weapon of mass destruction"?
Maybe what American officials should be investigating is how US defense
contractors got an export license to sell ICBM components to the ChiCom's. I heard it was OK'd by the pres himself -- theorectically for big
campaign donations.
If those missiles are targeted at US, then that would constitute
blatant treason, would it not?
Inquiring minds want to know.

@_date: 1998-09-28 02:19:47
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks defeat? 
Sound like we need something like a GPL for digital cash
That would keep it from being monopolized by a few power
Someone has to be working on this.

@_date: 1998-09-30 18:19:43
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: IP: Chinese Govt Bans Controversial Clinton Book 
Wonder what they would think of "The Secret Life of Bill Clinton"
by Ambrose Evans-Pritchard.  Pretty amazing book.
My guess is that they don't want their top spy in the US sullied
by "hearsay".  ;-)

@_date: 1998-10-02 08:53:46
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Randomness testing 
You mean you don't have a copy of Knuth, Vol 2.  For shame!
I'm too lazy to look it up for you, but I believe the two tests
are called the Run test and the Chi-square method.
(trying to remember from my own dusty compSci memories)

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:48:35
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... 
Hash: SHA1
Actually not.  There are quite a few business that have employees as
shareholders.  Most shares of companies are reasonably priced and
easy enough to get a hold of.  Selling them on the other hand is
not so straightforward.
Sounds Marxist to me.  Your percentage of equity in anything is
proportional to the risk level you take.  The employee risks none
of their own capital so cannot legitimately expect to be rewarded
with stock.  The employee is free to leave at any time and thus
discontinue their only investment in the company, their day to day
Of course that does not preclude the employer from offering stock
as an incentive to long term commitment or as an enticement to stay
when the market takes a downturn etc.  In that case the employee
is then taking a risk -- basically the opportunity cost of moving
to a more lucrative situation (one of which is working for himself
and becoming an "evil robber baron").
Hmmmm.  That would work like a charm when it comes to paying dividends.
What the business does it hire them so they don't have to risk their
own capital.  Of course the labor/socialist view is that they are
being exploited.  I encourage all workers who think the "from each
according to their abilities to each according to their needs" model
works well to emigrate to Russia.  As PJ O'Rourke says, "there they
boil stones for soup".  Go to China and see what kind of "profit
sharing" deal they will make you.  Better yet, try to become a prosperous self-employed person.
Ask Marx.  Apparently you don't think capitalist models work.
More PJ O'Rourke...
"And here is another shock.  Professor Samuelson, who wrote the early
editions [of "Economics"] by himself, turns out to be almost as much of a
goof as my friends and I were in the 1960s.  'Marx was the most
influential and perceptive critic of the market economy ever,' he
says on page seven.  Influential, yes.  Marx nearly caused World War III.
But perceptive?  Samuelson continues: 'Marx was wrong about many things
... but that does not diminish his stature as an important economist.'
Well, what would?  If Marx was 'wrong about many things' *and* screwed
the baby-sitter?"

@_date: 1998-10-06 12:18:09
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Hmmm.  You imply that the employees and employers interests are not
the same.  The whole idea is to make a profit.  Out of those
profits the employees are payed the salaries they use to keep
their families in beer and bedclothes.  What other sort of interest
do you suggest the company should have?  They already get significant
benefits in insurance etc.  Many employees already have the option
to buy shares.  Certainly this is the case in publically traded
companies -- many publically traded companies offer these same
shares at a discount to employees.  Any other sort of interest would simply induce a market distortion
in the cost of investment capital.
The market detects socialism as damage and routes around it.
The entire market would never do this voluntarily, so by definition any
distortion would have to be induced in a centrally managed economy.
By definition socialism.
But look at the bright side.  We already have people who think
they can centrally manage the economy.  They've certainly made

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:49:05
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Another potential flaw in current economic theory... (fwd) 
Demonstrate.  Are you saying the interests of the employees is
not in making money?  In corps that is done by making a profit.
I guess the employees could just steal from the cookie jar.
I don't imagine the majority of the employees favor this route.
Demonstrate.  The basis of capitalism is wealth creation through
capital accretion and investment.  Investment is risk laden.  Why should I invest my capital, which represents many things, goods,
services, time, etc if there is no payoff?  Might as well stay
in bed.
If profit is not the driving concern of investors, maybe you could
enlighten us unwashed masses.  The wealth that is created (payroll
included) can be then used for anything you like, from buying snowcones
and sniper rifles to donating your cash to the Nature Conservancy. Whatever agenda you prefer.
It follows that if you water down the proceeds without any accounting
system then all you're doing is giving away benefits.  These will (all other things being equal) reduce profits and decrease the
value of the stock.  It will then cost a lot more to attract
investment capital -- perhaps to the point of dissolution of
the company for lack of investment.  The most the employees
will be out is their job.  The investors could be out their
entire life savings.
OK.  But my point still holds -- that all other things being equal
sending more bennies out to the employees isn't going to help your
stock prices, unless it also produces a concommitant increase in
productivity.  Still they are just bennies -- nothing new.
If you are going to give the employees equity in the company's future, how
do you do the accounting??  Somehow you will have to keep track of those
shares of equity.  Woops...were back to stock again.  If you're argument
is that that still doesn't make the management answerable, then what are
voting blocks of shares?  If there is an issue that is important to the
employee voting block they can take it up in the stock meeting.  If they
loose, they can simply threaten to sell the block of stock and start their
own company.  Maybe they can do better.  Good luck to them.
Because these benefits are simply added cost to the production of
goods and services (all other things being equal).  When Joe Consumer
goes to buy something, cost (at some level of acceptable quality) is
usually the driving concern.  They don't give a damn about lofty
employee bonus programs.  Most people don't give a damn if their
cool new hiking shoes are made in Denver or Beijing.
You're simply splitting hairs here.  Systems of "fascism" and "socialism" have redefined "ownership" until people become slaves to the people
controlling the definitions.  Private ownership in the current system,
fascist systems and socialist systems is a legal fiction.  Ownership
implies having sole benefit from use and disposal of the items in
question.   Under most governmental systems now in existence ownership is
actually just rental where the state owns everything and tells you what
your percentage is going to be.  The only difference between
marxism/socialism/communism and fascism is the point at which the
state reclaims its property.  In marxist systems the State reclaims
its "property" in the beginning, assuming all people are of a criminal
mindset and not worthy of real ownership.  In socialist and
pseudo-socialist systems like ours, ownership is a fantasy until
profit is derived -- you are then assumed to be a robber baron.
In a free state ownership is yours until a court can prove you
are a criminal who has caused harm to others.  What is amusing is
that our system has finally removed the burden of proof in
civil forfeiture law so that your "property" is considered to
be a criminal until proven otherwise.  It is then taken into
custody.  (*)
The primary failing of marxism is that people were never allowed
to even *believe* they could "own" something.  That being the case
they were unlikey to bother adding any value to anything.  That is
why they are boiling stones for soup.  Now "ownership" has devolved
to the russian mafia.  Same thing.  Unless the people of Russia
smuggle themselves in a bunch of arms, institute and enforce a free market system with private property ownership they will never
be anything more than peasants. (*)  The reason why socialism-light (our system) works is because people
are allowed to believe they own assets until those assets become
valuable.  The state then comes to tell you what your percentage
of the sharecropping you get to keep.  Of course you're allowed to
believe you own something unprofitable forever (unless your using
it write off taxes ;-)
This allows socialism-light to succeed over marxism.  By the time
people have successfully created wealth its too late to go back
and wonder what the hell you've gotten yourself into.
(*) Footnotes:
Footnote 1:
Its interesting to note that civil law, where property can be
held accountable, is an outgrowth of medieval trials where
non-sentient entities where held accountable for acts of god
(or the devil).  If there was a crop blight, several local pigs
could be put on trial, found guilty and burned.  Strange people,
Footnote 2:
People who have never known real freedom, never know when they
should fight for it.  Two cases in point:
I was flying back from Anguilla into Denver in '97 and was sitting next to
an intelligent and attractive Russian woman in her late teens/ early
twenties.  She was telling me all about what was going on in Russia with
the Mafia controlling the cities.  Extorting money from her father's
restaurant seemed to be a favorite pastime for them.  I thought a second
about this and asked her why her father and the other people on the
block didn't just buy a bunch of hunting shotguns etc and blow them
away next time they tried to collect.  She looked at me with a face
of total puzzlement.  The thought of defending themselves never crossed
her mind.  Much like the farmers who were ravaged during the
Japanese civil wars they had no idea that simply arming themselves
would discourage most would be attackers.
Yesterday I was getting my hair cut and one of the women doing the
haircuts was obviously a Russian immigrant.  She was also complaining
about how terrible it was right now.  She was saying that "all people
really wanted was to be left alone".  It really sickened me that here was a person with a peasant mindset.  That person came to the
United States and is now a citizen.  One more person that doesn't
have the guts to stand against criminals.  Unfortunately one more
person voting in the United States.
Freedom isn't free.
jim burnes
definitely out in the weeds now

@_date: 1998-10-08 22:36:41
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: propose: `cypherpunks license' (Re: Wanted: Twofish source code) (fwd) 
Hash: SHA1
BTW: I see your dues are not payed up.  I've checked the records and
the polaroid of you spitting on the cross is missing.  You can run,
but you can't hide, Mr Choate.

@_date: 1998-10-13 02:39:39
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Two Jims, Werner and Matt redefine socialism for their own ends 
Ahh!  It begins -- typical socialist argumentation.  When you run out of
rational ideas, begin ad hominem attacks (I think I counted at least
five).  I don't have time to rebut this now.  I must report my hours
that I slaved away under last week (damn corporation -- controlling my
life -- i'm being opressed).
I'll take it up later this afternoon.

@_date: 1998-10-14 00:49:41
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: Soccer Moms? 
The answer you search for is:
In US primary schools (mostly in affluent suburbs), soccer (football)
is a very popular fall/winter sport for ages 7-14.
Soccer moms are the mothers that haul their sons and daughters around
after school and on Saturday mornings in minivans to these games.
"Soccer moms" connotes a particular kind of woman.  Its difficult to
give you an exact definition although its usually slightly deragatory.
Lets try to describe her:
Middle to Upper Middle class
Average Intelligence
Thinks Bill Clinton is a Stud
Probably a Career Mom and thinks working 9-5 in a big corporate
arcology is a pretty neat thing
(not relative to unemployment, but relative to others who think its a
Probably religious, either WASP, Catholic or Statist.
This, at least, is the stereotype.  YMMV.

@_date: 1998-11-11 04:06:08
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: charity at the point of a gun (Re: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone) (fwd) 
Don't split hairs, Petro.  Tell us what you really think. ;-)
(1) Social transfer payments at the point of a gun are involuntary
(2) Involutary compassion is usually called rape.  You are forcing
me to "love" some other person.  To adopt them not only as a proxy
family member, but as one that cannot be "cutoff" if they waste
my charity.  Of course I must not only pay for them, but I must
pay for the bureaucrat that manages this family member.
Combine this with the US Govt defining a sex life as a "right"
(witness free Viagra) and you come up with some pretty chilling scenarios.
(do people have the "right" to a sex partner?)
Apparently involuntary compassion at gunpoint is not beyond
justification by the US fed govt and the propagandized sheeple.
Whats to stop rape of selected human beings by agents of
the federal government?  (ok, maybe thats going a little
too far
Rape by proxy, thats the federal government for you.

@_date: 1998-11-12 09:53:27
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: Mary Ellen Zurko; Jonah, IBM, Open Source, and Digital Commerce 
I suggest she be hung by her toes until she repents for that

@_date: 1998-11-12 10:01:18
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: Re: "social responsibility" was (dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect) (fwd) 
** forwarded as requested **
---------- Forwarded message ----------
If you want a responce post it publicly.

@_date: 1998-11-20 02:31:34
@_author: Jim Burnes 
@_subject: [XCERT-ANNOUNCE] Network Associates Relationship (fwd) 
Thought this might be of some interest considering the current
NAI thread.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
FROM:		Thomas Nolan, president and CEO
DATE:		November 18, 1998
RE:		Network Associates Relationship
I'm pleased to report that Xcert International and Network Associates Inc.
(NAI) recently announced a technology licensing agreement where NAI will
integrate Xcert's software as the default PKI in their Net Tools Secure
product suite. This relationship will PKI enable NAI's security
offerings-including a suite of best-in-class security applications that
encompasses firewall, intrusion protection, vulnerability scanning,
encryption, authentication, anti-virus and security management. NAI is a company with approximately $1 Billion in revenue, 5,000 enterprise
customers, presence on 60 million desktops and 80% plus penetration into
the Global 2000. This is a significant win for Xcert and provides for joint
marketing and sales activities, including licensing of certain NAI
applications to Xcert, pre-notification of NAI product and technology
direction and, most important, the ability for Xcert to work with NAI to
sell general purpose PKI into their installed customer base..  Xcert was selected over its competitors because of its superior technology,
principally the ability to interoperate with other vendors. NAI's
market-leading Total Network Security solution will seed Xcert's technology
into the market and will also provide NAI's customers with "hooks" to
seamlessly build Xcert's general purpose PKI infrastructure and products
into their networks.
This is a significant win for Xcert. The NAI adoption of Xcert as their
preferred PKI provider adds value to Xcert's brand recognition. This news
is yet another compelling endorsement of Xcert's products. In addition, the
ability to work with NAI's customer base provides substantial opportunity
to Xcert.  I am sure you will share my enthusiasm for this momentous milestone on
Xcert's road to major market share.
For Immediate Release:
NETWORK ASSOCIATES TO SHIP COMPREHENSIVE PKI FROM XCERT INTERNATIONAL WITH
ALL SECURITY PRODUCT SUITES
Network Associates Customers to Receive Scalable Open-Standards Certificate
Management Integrated Into Net Tools Secure Product Line
SANTA CLARA, Calif., November 17 - Network Associates, Inc. (Nasdaq: NETA)
unveiled the next step in its integrated security strategy today by
announcing a technology partnership with Xcert International that will
bring full open-standards PKI (public key infrastructure) functionality to
all Network Associates customers as a standard feature of its integrated
security product suites. Beginning in the first quarter of 1999, all
integrated security suites from Network Associates will include the new Net
Tools PKI server, an enterprise-scaleable PKI server based on Xcert's
award-winning digital certificate management technology. "Network Associates has been very aggressive in driving much needed open
standards and interoperability in the security space," said Sanjay Kalra,
president of Icons, Inc., a leading nationwide PKI consulting firm. "By
working with Xcert to include a complete standards-based PKI in all of
their security application suites at no extra charge, Network Associates is
making things like universal client VPNs and active response firewalls a
reality for customers of all sizes. This announcement is the perfect
follow-up to their previous PKI partnerships with VeriSign and Entrust."
As a result of this partnership, Network Associates customers will be able
to broadly deploy integrated security solutions that interoperate through
secure and authenticated channels. With this announcement, Network
Associates becomes the first vendor to enable secure, scaleable integration
between individual security applications by providing flexible PKI
functionality out of the box and universally supporting existing PKI
solutions like those from partners like VeriSign (Nasdaq: VRSN), Entrust
Technologies (Nasdaq: ENTU) and Xcert.  Network Associates customers will
be licensed to use the new Net Tools PKI with any Network Associates
application. Under the terms of the agreement, Network Associates will integrate Xcert's
award-winning PKI technology into its Net Tools Secure product line, a
suite of best-in-class security applications spanning firewall, intrusion
protection, vulnerability scanning, encryption, authentication, anti-virus,
and security management. Xcert's flexible open architecture has received
multiple industry accolades this year, including a recent Editor's Choice
selection from Network Computing that praised Xcert's technology as the
"best strategic choice for PKI in the enterprise." Xcert's technology was
selected by Network Associates because of its broad support of all industry
PKI standards, including x.509, PGP, LDAP, and PKCS  10, and 11.
"Network Associates is committed to promoting broad interoperability and
open standards in the security industry," said Peter Watkins, general
manager of the Net Tools Secure division at Network Associates. "This
agreement makes it even easier for our customers to deploy scaleable,
standards-based, security applications that work together in concert to
actively respond to changing security threats."
"This technology license agreement expands Network Associates'
best-of-breed security offerings to include the industrial-strength PKI
necessary for conducting business-to-business electronic commerce and
communications," said Thomas Nolan, President and CEO of Xcert
International. "Network Associates customers will be able to broadly deploy
distributed security applications, regardless of whether or not they have a
general PKI solution. Because Xcert's technology supports all certificate
standards, Network Associates customers will also be able to interact
seamlessly with business partners who have disparate PKI solutions in use."
While other security application vendors have recently discussed plans to
integrate their products, none have addressed universal PKI support, an
essential element to making integrated security a secure and scaleable
reality for enterprise customers. As a result of this agreement, Network
Associates customers will be able to broadly deploy distributed security
applications such as remote VPN and client-side encryption across large
user populations. The new Net Tools PKI will also support more robust
certificate management for authenticated communications between integrated
Network Associates security applications. Through a concept known as
"Active Security", Network Associates is enabling its security products to
operate in concert, actively communicating events between applications and
adapting security policies of these applications for real-time active
response when critical security threats are detected. With headquarters in Santa Clara, California, Network Associates, Inc. is a
leading supplier of enterprise network security and management software.
Network Associates' Net Tools Secure and Net Tools Manager offer
best-of-breed, suite-based network security and management solutions. Net
Tools Secure and Net Tools Manager suites combine to create Net Tools,
which centralizes these point solutions within an easy-to-use integrated
systems management environment. For more information, Network Associates
can be reached at (408) 988-3832 or on the Internet at Based in Walnut Creek, California, Xcert International Inc. is the premier
developer of Public Key Infrastructure technology. Xcert's products provide
privacy and authenticity for conducting secure Internet business
transactions. Xcert develops, manufactures and distributes Certificate
Authority and public key infrastructure solutions that use secure directory
services to provide organizations and individuals with a ubiquitous and
secure method of communicating with each other over the Internet. Xcert
also licenses its underlying PKI technology to selected service providers
and third party developers worldwide. Xcert can be reached on the World
Wide Web at  FOR MORE INFORMATION:
Ruby Qurashi, Tim Gage
Xcert International Inc.
925-274-9300 Ext .108
rubyq / timg
