
@_date: 1996-02-10 15:21:37
@_author: Joe Zychik 
@_subject: What is really happening in Oregon 
Excerpted from today's Zychik Chronicle
 "rivers raged through Oregon" [should say
"Oregon taxpayers sunk by Oregon government"]. "the regions worst flooding
in three decades" [should say, "State of Oregon has been wasting tax payer
money for 30 years"]. "At least 3 deaths were attributed to the flooding
[should say, "State of Oregon kills 3 more innocent citizens"]. "13 counties
were declared a disaster area [should say, "State of Oregon has been
screwing these 13 counties especially"] "And the worst is yet to come" [the
citizens will blame the weather]. "Rats by the hundreds started crawling out
of Portland's sewers" [should say, "The parents of Oregon's politicians and
bureaucrats came forward."]
The Zychik Chronicle is a daily, liberty oriented e-zine.
To subscribe send e-mail with sub-cy in the header.

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:16:04
@_author: Joe Zychik 
@_subject: Re: Req. for soundbites 
a mono-digital hand gesture with the phrase "censor this!" to the Prez,
Veep, and the area congresscritters (cc'd to 2 TV stations and a radio
station), accompanied by a 'confession' and demand for swift prosecution.
This guy has some Congressional Soundbites on his site:
Damon Lust
I didn't stay around to listen to them. But, his head seems to be in the
right place.
He refers to Congress as Corporate Pyscho Criminals.
Publisher of the Zychik Chronicle.
To subscribe send e-mail with sub-cy in the header

@_date: 1996-02-12 04:23:04
@_author: Joe Zychik 
@_subject: Re: American Reporter on CDA 2/8/96 (fwd) 
I set the article up with a dark red background and large, yellow lettering
- and posted it on my home page.
Underneath the article is a picture of Lenny Bruce, with the caption
"Lenny Bruce
A better protector of your freedoms than Pat Robertson."
Also on my page is a letter from a pot head who e-mailed every congress
person on the net and invited them to arrest him for smoking pot.

@_date: 1996-02-16 15:36:55
@_author: Joe Zychik 
@_subject: Re: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
Below is an article from today's Zychik Chronicle, that is very, very
relevant to this post:
(New York Times) "I didn't know enough Arabic to lead the prayer and was
still a student of the Koran," said Isak-El M. Pasha. A plumber at the time,
he was appointed the inman of the Malcolm Shabazz Mosque in Harlem. The
appointment was given to him by the dying inman, Ali Rashid.
He cried that night and "submitted to the 'will of Allah.'" The orthodox
Sunni Muslim sect he was to lead had broken with Louis Farakhaan in the
70's. By 1993, when Mr. Pasha took over, membership had dwindled down to
700. At one time this had been the temple where Malcolm X had preached his
most fiery sermons! But the break with Farakhaan almost caused the Mosque to
be foreclosed on.
Today the Mosque has 8,000 members and Mr. Pasha is "being called Harlem's
new spokesman." Mr. Pasha's rise in the Black community establishes that
most Blacks don't like racism. Here's a few quotes of his: "We have as much
racism practiced among us as black people as any racism that has been
practiced upon us by other groups." When he invited the white Mayor of New
York City to speak at the mosque he was criticized by radical black racists.
His response: "Sometimes leadership in Harlem treats African-Americans like
children. . Like if some white man talks to us we're going to be lead back
into slavery. We have a constituency and I'm obligated to bring those they
elect to them."
Finally, a comment that is sure to drive Bill-Racist-Clinton and
Janet-makes-you-feel-sorry-for-Parkinson's-disease-Reno up the wall: "Islam
won't accept racism and won't allow Muslims to practice it."
Let's call Mr. Pasha a True Muslim.
To subscribe to the Zychik Chronicle please reply by e-mail.
