
@_date: 1995-07-21 04:04:35
@_author: EDT 
@_subject: Part VII 
Allegations Regarding Vince Foster, the NSA, and                 Banking Transactions Spying, Part VII
                        by J. Orlin Grabbe
        It has come time to talk of Vince Foster and virtual         realities.
        1.  One type of virtual reality immersion takes place every         evening with respect to network news.  One sits in a familiar         chair, and watches familiar faces on familiar channels telling         soothing or alarming things about other parts of the world--other         realities--of which the viewer has no experience, all of it         demonstrated by reality-simulating sound bites and video clips.          The virtual reality construction is good if the story sounds         plausible.  That is, after all, the job of a TV reporter:          to tell a plausible story and to entertain our eyes by looking         good while telling it.          The pulp magazine reporter, on the other hand, must tell         a plausible story and keep it lurid enough to grab our         imagination.  Take the allegedly important question of "child         porn on the Internet," recently paraded forth by *Time*         magazine.  To the computer-impaired, pedophilia might serve         as a plausible explanation why anyone would sit for hours in         front of a computer screen. Never mind that the neighborhood         Internet-user says differently: you can't take the word of a         pedophile can you?          The Internet-user, on the other hand, may believe that rock         videos are a more reliable guide to reality than *Time*         magazine.  And even if he were actually interested in porn,         he might find life easier by going to the local video store         where a single video tape could store as much graphical infor-
        mation as could be stored on 2000 digital compact disks.
        2.  Another type of virtual reality is found in the banking
        world.  Money is data stored in a computer.  This money
        is "transferred" place to place by changing the ownership
        labels associated with the data.  Once the computer receives          the proper transfer authorization codes, the money can be
        "launched" from one bank to another, from one account to          another.  All that is necessary is that one properly
        emulate the reality that is important to the bank computer.
        If you include all the right digital indicators that make it         plausible to the computer that you are the authorized transfer         person for, say, the account owned by C. Jefferson, the computer         will believe you. It won't care about non-virtual reality--what
        C. Jefferson looks like, or what her tastes in clothes are--         nor will the computer have metaphysical doubts to cause it to         hesitate in its actions before sending the money on its way.          "You" are nothing more than a preselected set of codes.
        In the version of Jim Norman's article *Fostergate* published in         *Media Bypass* (August 1995), it is stated:          "For months, a small cadre of CIA computer hackers known as the
        Fifth Column, armed with a Cray supercomputer, had been monitoring
        Foster's Swiss account. . . . Foster was just one of the first
        of scores of high level U.S. political figures to thus have their
        secret Swiss accounts looted of illicit funds . . . . Over the
        past two years . . . more than $2 billion has been swept out of         offshore bank accounts belonging to figures connected to the         U.S. government with nary a peep from the victims or their
        banks."
        Where did the money in the accounts come from?  Jim Norman doesn't         say.  I assert that some of this loot is defense and arms dealing         payola; some of it is drug dealing profits or payola; and some of
        it is payola from the floating fortune left by a forgotten oil man--
        whose money moves from bank to bank in a merry-go-round to keep         its location hidden from the potential heirs.
        And some of the loot was paid in an attempt to allow one nation         to become a VIRTUAL NUCLEAR POWER.
        3.  Missile launches take place in a virtual reality.  Given         the proper launch code, the missile will attempt to go to its         programmed destination without further theological debate.
        A country possessing the launch codes and also targeting infor-
        mation for *another* country's nuclear missiles could become a         virtual nuclear power. (The targeting information would be as
        important as the launch codes.  For before you launched a missile,         you would first want to know where it is going. After all, it         could be aimed at you.)  Getting your nuclear arms this ways would         have obvious economic advantages: someone else would foot the         military bill.
        Jim Norman states in *Fostergate*:          "According to a heavily-redacted New Mexico FBI counter-
        intelligence report, Maxwell was apparently allowed to sell
        two copies of PROMIS back to the U.S. weapons labs at
        Sandia and Los Alamos, for what Inslaw claims was a hugely
        inflated price of $87 million.  That would have allowed
        Pollard, if he was using the rigged program, to obtain U.S.
        missile targeting data long before Israel had its own
        satellite capability, thus making it a real nuclear threat
        to the Soviet Union."
        Well, yes, it could make Israel a real threat to the Soviet         Union.  But not from Israel's own puny missile program.          Rather, Israel could be a threat to the Soviet Union because it         would be able to launch our (U.S.) missiles at the Soviet Union.
        Being a virtual nuclear power would mean not having to say you         are sorry.  If a U.S. missile were launched at Russia, the defense         system of Russia would, in its virtual view of the world, see the         missile as coming from the U.S.  It would launch a retaliatory         strike against the U.S., because in its reality only the U.S. could         be responsible.  It wouldn't be programmed to recognize "Missile         from U.S. not U.S.-intended action."
        Being a virtual nuclear power means you could *blackmail people         in both directions*: you could blackmail the targeted city or area.          More importantly, you could blackmail the U.S. If the U.S. doesn't         go along with your demands, why, you could involve it in a nuclear         war in which you would be a spectator, not a participant.  The         U.S. would know it has more to lose than you do, so it would give         in to your demands.
        Vince Foster's NSA connections wouldn't give him access to such         launch codes and targeting data. Not even with the help of Jonathan         Pollard. It would take the cooperation of a small circle of         friends--friends with Defense and Intelligence connections.          People with access. People with authority.            Would any of the U.S.'s own Defense Department or Intelligence         personnel in the 1980s or the 1990s, people other than Jonathan         Pollard, have been involved in such a transfer of information to         a foreign power--whether to Israel or to anyone else?
        Surely not anyone connected to the account numbers KPFBMMBODB         or KPFBMMBODE held at the Union Bank of Switzerland?  Please,         say it ain't so.
        For if they were, the U.S. may now be facing its greatest         National Security threat since the Cuban Missile Crisis.  And
        that's why everyone has an interest in covering up the various         threads connected to the death of Vince Foster.  Some are scurrying         around, hoping no one will realize how bad things are before         the mess can be cleaned up.  Others are scurrying around, just         covering their asses.  It's showdown time, with no space for         killing all the remaining witnesses or burying all the remaining         evidence.  It's showdown time, and the money people thought they         had for ammo is missing from their Swiss accounts.
        The levels of disinformation have already been prepared.  The
        first level says Vince Foster was just a political flack who          committed suicide.  The next one says, yeah, he was into some
        nasty stuff like money laundering, but had no intelligence
        connections.  The next one beyond that allows him to work for
        the NSA, but not for long or in a very important position.          The next one allows Foster to sell some nuclear secrets to
        Israel, but that was just to accelerate their own nuclear program,
        as a bulwark against the Soviet Union. And anyway, Foster acted
        alone.  And so on, spin control all the way.  Foster, being
        dead, will have nothing to say about his many potential roles.
        But underneath all this the Powers That Be have begun to         comprehend that some of their own have threatened their very         survival.  And the Powers That Be are going to clean house with         a vengeance.
                        [To be continued]

@_date: 1995-08-08 22:00:10
@_author: according to a federal bankruptcy judge 
@_subject: Only 1/3 of Government Computers Down So Far 
going to do when your wire transfers to the Caribbean and other offshore centers won't go through?  What are you going to do when one-third (as of
August 8, 1995) of certain government computers are down with a virus?  Or is it a worm?  Or an octopus?  banking and other transactions, create a massive security hole in computer
systems sending wire transfers?   even for day trips!  Perhaps FinCEN could relocate to Havana?
get the news.  Well, I'm a taxpayer.  *Please* put me on your list. In the future please fax all computer disconnect info to 702-829-0852.  Thanks.]
second term as governor of California, Meese needed a new job. He worked at Rohr Industries for a while.  But it didn't suit him, so *Richard Mellon Scaife* set up the San Diego Center for Criminal Justice on condition that Ed Meese be its Director, a post Meese held 1977-1980.   the people-tracking PROMIS software was stolen by the U.S. Justice Department using (according to a federal bankruptcy judge) "trickery, deceit, and fraud", Ed Meese's friend Earl Brian--then owner of Financial News Network, UPI, and Hadron corporation--proceeded to market the software all over the world, as well as to U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies.
Emergency Management Agency, which proceeded to create a data base of
political dissidents to be rounded up in event of a national emergency.
(Like any information, once collected it found multiple uses.) This data base was called MAINCORE, and the FEMA MAINCORE system was operated out of the basement of a building in Culpeper, VA.  to get printouts of this totalitarian application of the PROMIS software just prior to his demise.  (When a member of congress attempted to question Oliver North about the FEMA MAINCORE data base, he was rudely shouted down by the chairman of the investigative committee.)
Corporation. It used the enhanced PROMIS to keep track of critics of the nuclear industry, an area in which *Richard Mellon Scaife* has a vested financial interest.
serious money laundering charges.
theft and modification of the PROMIS software for the purpose of spying
on banking transactions is a subject carefully avoided in Scaife-sponsored political advertisements?  operation allegedly stops with Bill Clinton?  nuclear espionage has been carefully downplayed?  to do with recent media hyping of the imminent threat to the U.S. of "international" terrorism?  served a useful purpose.  But don't think the story stops with Bill
investigation into the Whitewater affair has gone so slowly is that Mr. Starr, in order to nail Bill Clinton, has to also nail a number of high-ranking Republicans?  confidence in you.  You do want to be Attorney General someday, don't you?  If you can find your way to do the right thing, you'll certainly deserve the position.
for you.

@_date: 1995-08-09 09:30:14
@_author: among others 
@_subject: Re: Only 1/3 of Government Computers Down So Far 
want the NSA (among others) invading their privacy.  The Foster story
concerns the chief NSA privacy-invasion of modern times:  spying on
domestic banking transactions.  So it's relevant.
you want to continue to play it, my response is:  Fuck Off.

@_date: 1997-01-23 20:45:06
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Changing the Currency 
3
         Changing the Currency
          by J. Orlin Grabbe
     Lemme get this straight.  You left
home  and  went to one of them  foreign
places,  got a handful of their  money,
and it felt like "play money"?  But you
could  still  use it in  a  restaurant,
train  station,  or at  the  newsstand,
right?  Okay.  But  you  say  it  still
somehow  felt "unreal", and  you  never
were  able  to shake off that "monopoly
money" mind set?  Hmmm. Why is that?
      An  American in Paris who gets  a
100-franc  note with Eugene Delacroix's
picture  on it, often finds it  doesn't
kick  ass  like the US one-dollar  bill
with  George Washington's picture.  The
Parisian, on the other hand,  may  feel
that  the  watersnip on the 100-guilder
note  looks downright ridiculous, while
denizens of Amsterdam might prefer  the
bird  image  to  Sir Donald  Sangster's
ugly   face  on  the  Jamaican  hundred
dollar  bill.  The Swiss 50-franc  note
depicting  Konrad  Gessner  (1516-1565)
doesn't say anything about "In  God  We
Trust,"  but  on  the  other  hand   it
doesn't     display    the    obnoxious
"Counterfeiters  will  be   Prosecuted"
found  on  the  Russian 100-ruble  note
(vintage 1993).
      Money is funny.  That's why  more
than  ten  years ago when  the  Federal
Reserve was thinking of changing the US
currency, it formed focus groups in  an
attempt  to  gauge public reaction.  It
had  a  company called Market Facts  go
mall-trolling       for       potential
participants.  They went to the Seaview
Square  Mall in Ocean, New Jersey;  the
Buena   Park  Mall  in  Orange  County,
California;   the  Eastland   Mall   in
Charlotte, North Carolina; and the  Fox
Valley Center in Aurora, Illinois.  The
report  is entitled "Reactions to  U.S.
Currency  Redesign: Analysis  of  Focus
Group  Discussions," and was  submitted
to   the  Board  of  Governors  of  the
Federal Reserve System on September 21,
     The discussions were recorded, and-
-to  make sure every bit of information
was  properly gleaned--groups were also
observed in a conference room through a
one-way mirror.
      In general the groups stated that
while  they  did  not  care  about  the
appearance  of money, "they argued  not
to  change  it.  There was considerable
concern  that  our  money  would   look
'fake' or 'foreign.'  Participants also
wanted to know why the government would
want  to change the appearance  of  the
      The groups were divided into  two
categories:    "General   Public"   and
"Heavy Currency Handlers".  Someone who
took  orders at McDonald's  would  fall
into   the   Heavy   Currency   Handler
category.    The  later   groups   were
strongly of the opinion that money  was
"dirty"--not  in  the  Michael  Sindona
sense  of  turning "dirty"  money  into
"clean"   money--but  rather   in   the
"dirty," "shabby," "shoddy," and "worn"
sense.   Some said the US currency  was
the   dirtiest   in  the   world.    By
contrast,  a  person  in  one  of   the
General Public groups noted that  money
has   "the  denomination  on  all  four
       Some   of   the  Heavy  Currency
Handlers  thought it might  be  a  neat
idea  to have different colors for  the
different  denominations,  to  make  it
easier   to  make  change.   But   more
frequently it was remarked that "people
don't  like  change" or "the government
should leave well-enough alone."
       Today  we  know  that  the  real
rationale  for currency  change  is  to
make   the   currency   detectable   by
currency-detection     equipment     in
airports  (and possibly other places)--
in  order to detect money launderers or
anyone  else carrying large amounts  of
currency.   But  the  publicly-  stated
rationale is the misleading "prevention
of  counterfeiting."  In this light, it
is  interesting that numerous questions
were   directed  at  attitudes   toward
      Many  of  the  group participants
thought  counterfeiting was  a  serious
problem,  but "the majority  wanted  to
know  how  much counterfeiting actually
costs   the  public  each  year  before
taking  a  position on whether  or  not
currency should be changed."
     None of the participants admitting
to    any   inclination   to   actually
counterfeit money themselves,  even  if
they could do so without detection, but
about half of them said they would pass
along   counterfeit   bills   if   they
received them.  The other half  thought
that  passing  bogus  bills  would   be
morally  wrong.   But not  all  of  the
latter  would "turn in bogus  bills  to
the  authorities.   A few  participants
recounted  stories  of  persons   being
hounded by the FBI to recall where they
received  the  counterfeit bill--viewed
as a deterrent to reporting counterfeit
bills.  This  group opted,  rather,  to
quietly  destroy the bill and take  the
       The  report  concludes  that   a
Counterfeiting Threat should be used to
sell  the  idea  of  currency  changes:
"The   extent  of  counterfeiting  and,
thus, the importance of adopting a  new
form   of   currency  must  be   widely
publicized.  Without precise  knowledge
of  the  severity  of the  problem  the
public may assume that the benefits  of
adopting new money do not outweight the
      The  report  doesn't mention  any
special   information   discovered   by
observations made  through the  one-way
January 23, 1997
Web Page:

@_date: 1997-02-27 22:27:45
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Clipper Chip Banking 
Clipper Chip Banking
          by J. Orlin Grabbe
      Sandia National Laboratories have
created the digital cash equivalent  of
the   Clipper   chip:   an  "anonymous"
digital  cash  system that  would  give
participants privacy from all  viewers,
except for the government agencies that
would  control the secret keys required
for backdoor access.
      Just  as  the "Clipper"  proposal
(the Escrowed Encryption Standard) is a
system of encrypted communication  with
a Big Brother peephole, so is Sandia e-
cash  a  system of digital cash with  a
Big  Brother peephole.  It was designed
that way.
       Why  is  Sandia  interested   in
digital cash systems?  Well, Sandia  is
responsible    for   all    non-nuclear
components  of  nuclear  weapons.   The
security  of  nuclear  weapons  depends
partly   on   cryptology.   The   code-
breaking   National   Security   Agency
(NSA), for example, is responsible  for
the   communication  security  of   the
Minuteman missile, as well as the codes
by  which  the President must  identify
himself to authorize a nuclear strike.
      The  use  of nuclear  weapons  is
normally  based  on a  trustee  system:
two  or  more  people are necessary  to
give  the complete authorization  code.
The NSA used this idea as the basis for
the   Clipper  chip:   two   designated
trustee   agents   would   each    have
knowledge of one-half the chip-specific
unique  key  by  which  to  decode  the
session  key that encoded a  particular
communication passing through the chip.
The   Clipper   chip   was   originally
proposed  for incorporation into  every
digital communication device: computer,
fax,  and cable TV.
      The sales aspect of Clipper was a
new  encryption algorithm based on  80-
bit  encryption  keys.   Financial  and
other  institutions had begun to  worry
about   the   security  of   the   Data
Encryption Standard (DES) which uses 56-
bit keys.  An 80-bit key space would be
2^24  times  as large as  the  DES  key
space.   The  catch was that acceptance
of  the  new  algorithm  would  involve
acceptance of the NSA backdoor.  At the
present  time,  the financial  industry
has  said,  "No,  thank  you,"  and  is
focusing on triple-DES, which  has  the
security    equivalent    of    112-bit
encryption keys, and no backdoor.
       Sandia   e-cash  is   a   simple
extension of the trustee notion. Sandia
e-cash  was  announced  as  "the  first
electronic     cash     system     that
incorporates   trustee-based   tracing,
while    provably    protecting    user
anonymity".  The trustees in this  case
are  key-escrow agents, and  a  minimal
subset of them (say three out of  five)
would   be   able   to  combine   their
knowledge   to  trace  an  individual's
electronic transactions.  The fact that
several  agents would need  to  act  in
concert   "protects  users   from   the
possibility  that one or  two  trustees
might  be  corrupt".  (In other  words,
depending  on  the  level  of  official
corruption, the system would either  be
somewhat secure, or totally insecure.)
      Anonymity or privacy in financial
transactions   generally    means    an
inability  to determine an individual's
spending  patterns. Anonymity  requires
first and foremost protection from  the
prying eyes of the bank.
     If the bank knows what is going on
in  your  account, then potentially  so
can  anyone  else: the records  can  be
seized, or surreptitiously accessed  by
computer,  or  a bank employee  can  be
bribed  to  make  them available.   (In
this respect, it is useful to note that
the  system of Swiss numbered  accounts
was  created to protect bank  customers
from  bank  employees. Bank  employees,
observing what occurred in a customer's
account,  could  possibly  subject  the
customer to blackmail.)
        Anonymity   involves    several
aspects, including "unlinkability"  and
       "Unlinkability"  refers  to  the
inability  of  a  bank (even  colluding
with  merchants) to determine that  two
payments  were made by the  same  user.
To   understand  this,   consider   the
opposite  case:  your monthly  American
Express  or credit card bill.   Such  a
statement    contains    a    set    of
transactions which are all linked by  a
common  element--your  AMEX  or  credit
card  account  number.   Because  these
payments  are  linked, they  present  a
limited  picture  (a  subset)  of  your
behavior,    movements,    and    habit
patterns.  Your  private  behavior   is
potentially     public     information.
Unlinkability is therefore an aspect of
anonymity.    Because  linkability   in
anonymous    digital   cash    involves
cryptological   protocols,     it    is
actually  a  probability concept:   how
probable is it that two payments can be
accurately  identified as  having  been
made  by  the same user?  Unlinkability
means such probability is negligible.
      "Untraceability"  refers  to  the
inability   of   a   bank   to    match
withdrawals   of  digital   cash   with
subsequent    payments.      To    have
untraceability,   the   information   a
person  reveals about himself by making
payments    must    be    statistically
independent of the information a person
reveals   about   himself   by   making
withdrawals.   Of course if  the  bank,
even  when  colluding  with  merchants,
can't   link   or  trace   a   person's
transactions--even in probability terms-
-then  neither can FINCEN or  the  NSA.
Anonymity  and privacy thus  ultimately
hinges  on  concealing  this  type   of
information from the bank itself.
      But  such  anonymity,  naturally,
raises  the  issue of the  selectively-
enforced  money-laundering  laws.   The
prevention   of   money-laundering   is
stated as a principal raison d'ˆtre for
Sandia's e-cash system of non-anonymous
     "Money  laundering . .  .  is
     hampered by physical cash and
     would  be  made easier  by  a
     completely          anonymous
     electronic counterpart. . . .
     With anonymous e-cash, money-
     laundering would be as simple
     as   depositing  one  set  of
     electronic  "coins"   in   an
     account under an assumed name
     and  withdrawing another  set
     from   the   same   account."
     (Peter  S. Gemmel, "Traceable
     e-cash," Technology  and  the
     Electronic   Economy,    IEEE
     Spectrum, February 1997.)
        To   prevent   such   nefarious
activity,  Sandia  even  envisions  one
future world in which individuals would
be  required to submit regular  reports
of  their financial transactions to the
     "In a different trustee-based
     e-cash   system,  the  users'
     "wallet"    software    would
     require  them to  supply  the
     authorities from time to time
     with    transaction   records
     stored  in  their  electronic
     wallets  and  encrypted  with
     their tracing keys." (Ibid.)
This proposal is somewhat similar to  a
requirement  to  regularly  send  one's
bank  statements to the IRS for filing,
with a committee controlling access  to
the file cabinet.
      While  Sandia ponders the  future
needs  of Big Brother government,  over
at   the  Treasury,  meanwhile,  Robert
Rubin has appointed the Comptroller  of
the  Currency,  Eugene Ludwig,  as  the
point man to oversee government efforts
to  keep  a  peephole into  every  bank
account.  To this end, Ludwig--when  he
is   not   attending  Clinton   coffee-
klatsches--coordinates  the  electronic
cash   spying  plans  of  FINCEN,  U.S.
Customs,  the IRS, the Secret  Service,
ATF,  and the Office of Foreign  Assets
February 27, 1997
Web Page:
