
@_date: 1996-02-06 00:23:01
@_author: Karl Ike 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is impossible to get changes in the Fair Credit Reporting Act in the
traditional way. Credit reporting agencies have far too much personal
information that is passed out with incrediable ease at the consumers expense. I have a suggestion! Today, with TRW, Equifax and TransUnion's vast network, it is easy to obtain
anyone's credit report from various sources. Do you think if someone,
outside of the USA, obtained the credit reports on half, maybe all, of the
US Senators, congressmen, judges, etc, and published them in their entirity,
on the internet, from outside the US, would get their attention? Then there
would be changes, overnight, protecting the right of privacy! Let them
become the victim of credit reporting agencies once and shit will happen
overnight. If someone who is not a US citizen does this from outside the US, I don't
think that they can be held accountable under US law? I am new to the
internet and don't have a clue how to do it, but someone out there does and
probably has a friend in Bankok that will help him. Put the word out!

@_date: 1996-02-05 23:47:11
@_author: Karl Ike 
@_subject: No Subject 
Attila: I'm not in the business of running or hiding. I'm just an average,
everyday working guy that doesn't like credit reporting agencies, what they
stand for or what they do for money. I didn't say that I was going to do
this. I just had the idea! I don't have the knowledge or the money to spend.
That doesn't mean that there is someone out there that would jump at the idea.
I just don't like the idea that these assholes know more about me than my
mother and sell my private and personal information to anyone for big bucks.
My credit is fine, just ask my banker or better yet, my mom.
I am assumming that you know far more people on the internet since I have
only been on for a month and have done three e-mail. I'm just suggesting to
get the idea out and someone will take the ball and run. Yes, they will be a
hunted man, but not a US citizen. Someone out there with a laptop and a
cellular, living on a cruise ship, just may enjoy the idea.
Just me, Karl
