
@_date: 1993-04-26 23:09:19
@_author: Tom Keenan 
@_subject: Clipper:  International implications 
It will be fascinating to see how non-US governments react to
Clipper.  Anybody have any info on this?  I will contact the
office of the Canadian minister responsible for Communictions
(Hon. Perrin Beatty) and see if there has been a
statement or reaction.  Canada might prosper as a "phone haven"
much as some Caribbean countries are "data havens."  Somewhat related item in April 19/93 Communictions Week
International (page 4) reports (in part): "Europe's mobile
telephone industry is developing less-secure GSM digital cellular
equipment to mollify government law-enforcement agencies and
adjust to restrictions on high technology exports.  New base
station software and modified handset chips would make it easier
for GSM calls to be tapped, a requirement of some governments,
but would likely cost millions of dollars to install in existing networks and terminals."
The export status of Clipper technology will also be an
interesting thing to sort out.  White House Statement just says
"case by case."
Dr. Tom Keenan, I.S.P.   Associate Dean, R&D, U of Calgary
& Technology Correspondent, CBC Television "Midday"

@_date: 1993-05-03 22:53:29
@_author: Tom Keenan 
@_subject: Re: 800 numbers & anonymity 
In fact there used to be just such a number 206 945-2111 which
some kind soul in the state of Washington made available for
Canadians who wanted to call US numbers.  It gave a dial tone and
you dialed the 800 number...no charge.   You're right, *someone*
should do that again, it was sure handy.  (That number is now out
of service.)   A related question, is there some way to find the
identity of an 800 number holder, e.g. like a reverse phone directory?

@_date: 1993-06-21 12:51:25
@_author: Tom Keenan 
@_subject: The other Clipper 
Just to avert any confusion...
I see (Communications Week, June 7, 1993, pg 1) that the code
name for IBM's soon to be announced ATM (asynchronous
transfer mode) switch happens (?) to be "Clipper."  It's
apparently based on "IBM's experimental Planet switch, a 6
gigabit per second switch that handles both variable and fixed
length packets" and is in test at Rogers Communications in
(Just in case you hear communications types using the term "Clipper"
in a different sense from the one usually seen on this list.)

@_date: 1994-03-29 20:29:53
@_author: Tom Keenan 
@_subject: radio security through obscurity 
Thanks to the 2 dozen or so people who gave me interviews at
CFP94. As I mentioned the primary purpose of them is for a CBC
Radio segment to be aired on "Sunday Morning" (which many NPR
stations carry.)   I think I told you that it would air on Easter
Sunday but I now realize the show is pre-empted so it will be
some other Sunday.  i will put the exact time in the list when I
have it.   As for TV coverage I am going to do an open-line phone
in show on CFP related things on CBC's NEWSWORLD network.  The
airdate for that is (live of course) 1230-1300 MST (and local
equivalent) Thursday April 7/94.  Would love to have some
intelligent phone calls.  The 1-800 number (not sure what it is
offhand) is Canada only but somehow I don't think that will be
much of a barrier!  Cheers, Tom
