
@_date: 1994-10-04 09:04:23
@_author: Kelly Goen [CONTRACTOR] 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Revolution and Guerilla Warfare? 
Interesting Post David,
some rather disjoint comments follow:
I would suggest initially that one examine the
e-book "Terminal Compromise" by Winn Schwartau and also
Information Warfare by the same author. In addition one also may want
to obtain a project planner package and actually plan every scenario out
along with costs and estimated effects. This would increase the accuracy of your gaming study. One may also wish to include items such as Blacknet in their
gaming study as well as a complete and functional blackmarket. Tim's FAQ
gives a good review of the tech in crypto and remailers available.
Note also for purposes of short term games, knowing ones opponent(i.s. dossiers built up using information brokers and pressure on weak points) tends to be vastly more effective then official routes of change. After all its the oppositions preferred technique. Keep in mind that various hackers have tried this in
a haphazard way and gotten caught at it...
I expect E-publishing and Data havens for such documents will appear almost immediately after such laws. Backpack nukes unless they are for EMP arent too interesting but EMP/HERF
generators are in terms of the attack potential against an information infrastructure.
"Information Warfare" looks at this and other issues.
Is it happening already???
"I can neither confirm nor deny this rumour".
Does our government look at these issues...
I point the interested user to a90-217 SBIR, an early I-Warfare project
" Electronic Countermeasure: Computer Virus" a project to create
military viruses and research into vectoring via RF/induced signal.
Check out loompanics press... they have many such titles useful to your
 research... also checkout Paladin Press and Loompanics press.
look at spy-cell organizations with crypto/remailer substituted for the comm links and dead drops, information brokers help detect infiltration. Laptop
mobile IP with encrypted links and  on-line info-brokers allow one to continuously evaluate current local conditions.
The one thing always lacking for me in many of these Crypt-anarchy posts
"Overthrow the government". is a lack of attention the least principles of logistics, economics and proper planning. You can be sure the opposition is paying attention to such details and has a huge advantage because of this.
      cheers
      Kelly
