
@_date: 1993-06-11 15:34:51
@_author: Kelly Goen  
@_subject: MAIL: logging that happens on soda 
Hi Eric,
               I as well as many others on this list have either
        worked as security administrators/ and/or designers in the
         aspect of systems that you have brought up here.
         Are you aware of the firewalls mailing list, it could be a HUGE
         resource in terms of these questions. As to the Logs...
         well the logfile name could be linked to /dev/null :)
         that would eliminate the logging problem...
        Another annoying tracking log is the syslog daemon.
        Mail connects are logged in their syslog using
        Sun sendmail and the standard syslog.conf.         syslog.conf changes are needed to eliminate this misfeature...
           cheers
           kelly
         p.s. ignore that rather uninformed person who complained
         you were making yourself look illiterate... most
         of the folks on this list unless they actually
         do it for a living(such as moi) ARE quite illiterate
         about matters such as DNS/Mail logging and TCP/UDP/ICMP/IP
         logging and/or trusted systems etc. Thats part of what this
         forum is about for each of us to educate the rest of the list
         so that privacy issues get FULL spectrum coverage.
          Please do keep bringing these issues to the
          forefront... some of do appreciate it. I and others
          will be happy to discuss the technical details of various
          tracking and auditing.

@_date: 1993-06-24 14:37:12
@_author: Kelly Goen  
@_subject: Re: Government fear of strong crypto 
According to the Bill of Rights Foundation Booklet "CIA OFF CAMPUS"
Ex-President Reagan signed in 1981 Executive order # 12333 Which
permits the CIA to operate domestically against US citizens if
it is believed that said citizen is either an agent of a foreign power
or acting on behalf of same. Since this definition has been used during
COINTELPRO to allow one to have associates /friends that are foreign born
to cause one to be subject to a whole range of unconstitutional activities
performed by said agencies. BTW ANY federal intelligence agencie will
act as a "cutout" for situations where the prime agency cannot operate legally
but another can.  I believe a FOIA is in order to find out if E.O.  allows the entire
national security apparatus to operate or only the CIA...	
         Unhappily yours
         kelly
    Entirely True...!

@_date: 1993-06-24 16:14:30
@_author: Kelly Goen  
@_subject: Re:  Karn's note... 
Much Deleted... \
    Hi Phil...
         All the reports I have seen on the widespread phone tapping and
voice recognition by the NSA allegedly was in reference to Operation HARVEST
According to private estimates immense intel value results even if the
recog phase gets 15-20% accuracy on most? speakers... for phrases such as Spook, espionage,drugs etc... Most of the references I saw
to HARVEST were published by the Bill of Rights foundation  in various of their
books and phamplets and reports from the Church Subcommittee hearings
on intelligence activities during the earlier abuses of COINTELPRO,
with a few references in "The Puzzle Palace" by Cliff Bamford.
I also saw some refeneces about 5 years ago in comp.dcom.telecom... as
to these kind of operations. Do they really do it??? hmm
dont know but I am not taking any chances!! :)
