
@_date: 1994-12-12 12:33:49
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
In article <9412111620.AA41983 you write:
This has nothing to do with security...
Clearly I'm an idiot. Explain it to me. And while you are at it, why don't you
email me your comments on the spec? I put my email address in there for that
very reason. Jeesh.
This is an outright lie. We don't use TIPEM. You could build a
conformant SSL implementation using RSAREF and the freeware IDEA
cipher code. As for a barrier to competition. So what else is new? We
all have barriers to overcome before we can compete. Should we get rid of
TCP/IP as a barrier to using the web?
You are somewhat right here. In fact, this was done because we are a company
interested in surviving long enough to withstand the eventual attack
by microsoft. Instead of waiting several years before anything was agreed
upon and ending up with a kitchen sink protocol as all others these days
do, we took a simpler approach. And instead of hiding in a closet with
it, we brought it out to light. As a result we received critical review
from some decent members of the crypto community, including:
to name a few. As for the IETF standards process, we are pushing the
document into the RFC process.
This is a matter of opinion. However, I believe that our opinions
don't matter in the long run because of the 800 pound gorilla
Microsoft. They will push something out, it will be proprietary, and
they will name the tune and ask us to play along. Now we can either
just sit back in our current comfy cozy standards based processes and
languish for a few years, and then SIGH and say "Gee wasn't that fun,
too bad microsoft shoved yet another piece of excrement down our
throats" or we can be "loose cannons", get something out there, try it
out and see what happens. The market will decide one way or the other.

@_date: 1994-12-12 13:59:36
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
I disagree compeltely. First of all, lets start with "not wanting to secure the
transport layer". Right now email, passwords, etc. can be read off of the
internet in the clear providing no measure of privacy at all. I believe the SSL
protocol solves this problem. In some future land where IPNG or it's cousin's
appear, then maybe SSL will be unnecessary. At the rate that is going, we can
use SSL for the next 10 years. Finally, the system is perfectly usable in a
proxy environment. If you would like we can send you some brouchures for our
products in that area.
Secondly, SSL is not an end, but a beginning. Instead of waiting 10 more years
before the standards process gets around to inventing some old technology and
codifying it, we have put something out. We have made the protocol public
instead of propreitary and we have asked for critical review. Not griping.
Securing documents themselves is a second thing that security software can try
to tackle. However, what most people seem to miss is that document security is
orthogonal to transport security. We have addressed transport security.
Document security can be handled in several ways, including using digital
signatures. Because HTTP supports MIME multi-part encoded data using standard
RFC-822 headers, it is possible for signed data to be transported today with no
change to HTTP whatsoever. Most people out there haven't done this. We will.
Today it is already true that documents could be stored mime encoded with
digital signatures. All that is needed is a browser that can notice it and put
some information up.
Loathed for what reason? Because it's a standard? You are being two-faced about
this thing you know. We chose standards where standards were readily available.
X.509 is a perfectly usable way for performing authentication. If you disagree,
may I suggest you examine:
You are whining. Provide a free, publicly available public-key algorithm that
is not patented, and can be used world wide with exportability from the US.
Then we will use it. Until then we are stuck, just like everyone else, in using
what is available, not what is imagined.
Now this is a good point. This is the kind of space that the internet is
heading into. How does authentication work in the larger scheme? We at Netscape
have tackled a small piece of the problem space. But the larger picture remains
unsolved. Discussions about how to do this are welcome. Using DNS style
technology sounds like a good place to start.
Last I checked Mike Burrows and Martin Abadi worked for DEC at SRC in Palo
Alto. They were the primary reviewers and contributed greatly to the revisions
noted at the front of the document.
It would be much more satisfying to be having a technical discussion of SSL's
merits or flaws. In addtion, discussing how to solve the "DNS" problem would be
profitable for all.

@_date: 1994-12-12 15:10:47
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Clearly you and I disagree on a fundamental point. Which is more important?
Securing the document or securing the transport of the document. I believe that
today's problem for commerce is securing the transport. Solving this currently
widespread problem makes the Internet a friendlier place for commerce. It
allows sensitive information to be transported privately. Protecting against
forgery is the next logical step.
Let's pretend for a moment that you are right. IPSP is the way to go, today,
and that silly us, we should have used it. So now I go to my site manager, and
So who can I talk to? Name one router that speaks the secure protocols you are
documenting? Name one PPP based bridge that does? Show me, today, what
percentage of the Internet is covered by these standards? Give me some growth
curves showing how the Internet will quickly be converted to a secure network?
My point is not that IPSP is "bad". My point is that *today* it is irrelevant.
Tommorow is another matter.
In the future, I hope that you are right, IPSP is everywhere and we can all
breath a sigh of relief. In this case SSL is of little value. However, in the
mean time we have what we have. My company's network hardware is typical. It is
filled with expensive devices that don't understand IPSP or IPNG. In fact, most
of the world is constructed this way. What you are implicitly asking for is for
 the world to replace its networking hardware/software solutions before
allowing privacy. I think that this is a incorrect. SSL is a temporary solution
to a nagging problem. It's design was predicated on the belief that the future
is in protocols such as IPSP. Security will be pushed lower and lower until it
is omnipresent.
We never claimed the solution was new or interesting. However, it is a
You are making the assumption that the proxy is able to understand the secure
conversations between a client and its eventual server. This need not be true
and should not be true.
You must have missed a line in the spec:
          SSL_CK_RC4_WITH_MD5                     0x01
          SSL_CK_RC4_EXPORT40_WITH_MD5            0x02
          SSL_CK_RC2_CBC_WITH_MD5                 0x03
          SSL_CK_RC2_CBC_EXPORT40_WITH_MD5        0x04
          SSL_CK_IDEA_CBC_WITH_MD5                0x05
Note the inclusion of plain RC4 (not 40 bit), plain RC2 (not 40 bit) and plain
IDEA (again, not 40 bit).
If you have an exportable solution that can be manufactured in the US and then
shipped overseas, then that is something of value. Complaining about 40 bit
keys is not of value. The ITAR rules are what they are and at this point in
time we can't change them.
Not true. Distinguished names can be bulky, but you don't have to use them that
way. They can be made to map into DNS names trivially, and because you don't
have to have a single root, a web of trust is perfectly possible. Examine how
PGP self signed public keys are managed. Finally, "bulky and often expensive"
is a matter of opinion.
Please define a solution that is:
I will be the first to sign up and buy one. The market exists.

@_date: 1994-12-12 15:34:05
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
I believe that these properties of document security are orthogonal to
transport security. Today we have bit off transport security. Using MIME
multipart encoded documents, document security can be handled as well. There
already exist standards defining the format for these (PEM etc.), all that is
missing is a browser that adheres to them, and some server based tools for
creating them. SSL combined with those provides a powerful solution to todays
Internet problems (jeesh, now *I'm* starting to sound like a marketing person
Agreed. However, today, we consider it a primary concern instead of a secondary
concern. To do business on the Internet, people will be filling in forms and
submitting data that is sensitive to server operators. We don't want that data
to be observered in transit. Data that is paid for should also be private.
I tend to agree here, but before I open something up to wide discussion I
prefer to have a smaller group doing the review work. After the small group
work has been done, then a larger review follows.
I think RSA pulled a fast one on you. We don't use TIPEM. We wrote the X.509
handling code ourselves and have tested it for interoperability. In any case,
there are two classes of net consumers out there: the academia and corporation.
The academia can almost always get access to source code for free and reuse it
interesting manners with little trouble, as long as it's academic. Us business
types get stuck paying for everything (of course we make a living that way
too...). It doesn't bother me that people would have to license RSA technology
to implement SSL commercially. We did, and in some sense it levels the playing
However, in defense of SSL, I must say that there is no strict requirement for
RSA technology. A careful reading of the spec will lead one to discover that
different public-key technologies can be used. Since certificates are typed,
and standard X.509 certificates include algorithm identifiers, it is possible
to implement a different authentication mechanism that doesn't use RSA
For example, to choose some popular choices (:^), one could use SHS instead of
MD5, skip-jack instead of RC2/RC4/IDEA and some other freely available public
key algorithm.
My point was that in order to even play on the internet, one needs a computer,
a network connection, and TCP/IP, *PLUS* all of the various software that one
wishes to use to communicate. This is not free. It is being paid for by you
whether you do it directly, or it is built into the margins of the hardware
manufaturer that sold you the machine.
Actually, 2 people from DEC, one from EIT and 2 from RSA.
I'm listening! What is wrong with SSL? What defects does it have in the way
that it tries to solve privacy and authentication? What should we do to make
the next version better?

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:02:12
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
SSL does not provide solutions for the class of problems elucidated by
store-and-forward mail systems. However, it does promise that the transmission
between two mail agents will be private. Depending on the configuration of your
network this may be all you need. Using SSL to "privatize" SMTP transmissions
seems useful to me. If the data being transmitted were PEM then all the better.
Something somewhere has to be able to speak IPSP. Something must be changed,
even if it's just software. If it is just software, then I have an upgrade
problem because in our network we have one machine from every workstation
manufaturer and every kind of PC and MAC imaginable. This is not uncommon, and
is a logistics nightmare. Once a service is relegated to only allowing private
communications, you are just as stuck as we are. There will be a class of
hardware/software that cannot communicate.
This upgrade problem exists no matter what security technology is used.
I believe your tone here is less than helful :-(. You weaken your position by
being insulting instead of sticking to the facts.
Another helpful response :-(
I would do one of two things:
1. Define a conventional way to use the DN (pick a subset like RFC1485 does).
2. Extend the set of attribute types supported by a DN.
Please provide a reference for "Photuris". The web crawler couldn't find it.

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:33:34
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
In article <199412122229.OAA05451 you write:
First, let me clarify slightly. The only place where a problem occurs
currently is if the server is attempting to authenticate the client.
Because the proxy agent cannot reliably act as an agent for a client,
it cannot properly answer a servers authentication requests.
I can imagine several solutions to this thorny problem:
1. Client connects securely to a proxy agent using SSL. Upon
   establishment of the secure connection, the request is transmitted to
   the proxy. If the request is to a secure document (the proxy can tell
   by examining the URL) (and the client can tell), then the client
   re-enters the SSL handshake protocol from the start and the proxy
   agent turns into a data forwarder ala sockd.
   This is technically a change to the proxy protocol, but requires no
   change to the SSL protocol. Of course, to teach proxies about security
   requires *some* change...
2. The client connects insecurly to a proxy agent using current
   methods. The client requests a secure document. The proxy agent
   connects to the secure server using SSL and attempts to act as the
   client's agent in the transaction. Note that the user must consider
   this an insecure connection, and trust it only as far as she/he trusts
   the proxy server.
   Most of the time, the proxy will work. However, when client authentication
   is performed, the proxy fails as it should. If one were to construct a
   "trusted" proxy, then in theory it could perform the client authentication,
   acting as an agent for the client. However, this seems kinda scary to me,
   so I can't say I recommend it. To do this would require the client to
   transmit its authentication information to the proxy agent, which seems
   like a really bad idea.
3. SSL has a notion of a "security escape" of which there are currently no
   applications. One could define a security escape to allow enveloping of
   the authentication information needed by the final server so that the
   client can properly respond to authentication requests. I haven't thought
   this thru yet.

@_date: 1994-12-12 16:40:23
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
You are right. It doesn't work with existing proxy's. But existing proxy's
can't do secure data transfers, so what's your point?
Seems like your mailer was having some difficulty :-)
In any case, my personal opinion is that NCOM is being attacked with a
catch-22. If we had kept the protocol proprietary, then we would have been
shot. We went public with it and are getting shot. If we had waited the 2.5
years to develop it, as a few here would seem to be advocating, then the market
would shoot us.
Nice place to live.

@_date: 1994-12-12 17:39:30
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
If this hadn't been made clear already, then hopefully this will:
I'm really sorry that this is how we are currently being perceived. It was
never our intention. Rather, we wished to do those things that we believed were
necessary to allow commerce on the Internet. We are a small company with
limited resources and limited time to market. After talking with prospective
customers we came up with a plan and implemented it. We are sorry if somebody's
toes were stepped on in the process.
We believe that we were up to date with respect to what was going on in the
internet community at large when the company was started. Somebody should feel
relieved that approach matches where the internet seems to be heading -
security at the transport levels.
Our imperfect examination of the work in progress yielded nothing that would
meet our needs and our timelyness. I'm sorry if our selection criteria don't
meet yours.
In any case, the cat is out of the bag, and we are where we are.

@_date: 1994-12-13 09:51:08
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: IDEA freeware 
If you are using it for non-comercial use, it's free.
Us commercial gooneys get stuck paying for everything :-|
In any case, here is a useful link:
It lists all of the goodies available from bruce schneir's book. Note that most
of the data comes from italy...including DES. ha!

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:02:38
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
In article <199412130729.XAA01473 you write:
Because online directory services are not one of the extant solved
problems on the Internet, Netscape uses a simple approach - a small
set of "important issuer" certificates are compiled into the
browser. A future release will support "key rings" ala PGP. This is
all we had time for in this release...
All you need to do is get your server certificate from one of several
places, including:
So the short answer is: it's hard to do right now. In six months it
should be a very different scenario.

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:18:06
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: IPSP and Netscape 
In article <199412130302.TAA00871 you write:
I'm sorry you are so upset. :-(
IPSP was not in my vocabulary at the time of the first posting. Ignorance
was briefly bliss :^)
However, regardless of whether or not extant hardware is reusable,
there is still the not so small matter of software. Software for PC's,
MAC's and a host of UNIX machines before a workable secure network can
be constructed. It is a good thing that IPSP requires only software to
meet it's goals. This same property is true of SSL.
Finally, I never said that "SSL is better than anything out there". I
don't know who did. All I said is that "SSL is something", which isn't
really saying much. SSL is A solution to A set of problems, namely
privacy and authentication.

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:36:36
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: the netscape/ssl controversy 
In article <199412131448.JAA07613 you write:
My personal opinion is that using MIME encoded documents with embedded
security information including digital signatures combined with SSL or
other trasport layer security, will be a reasonable solution.
Please check out:

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:47:45
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: More 40-bit RC4 nonsense 
In article <199412131742.JAA27330 you write:
OOPS. This is a spec ommission. The clear key data (aka "salt") is
combined with the secret portion as follows:
I will spec'ize the english...
By the way, where did this 40% number come from? For some reason RSA
never told me this... :^(

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:59:28
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: IPSP and Netscape 
I think you may have jumped to a conclusion here that is unwarranted. We are a
small company with limited experience and capacity. We did what we thought was
appropriate, however it may seem now.
True. However, we have found a way to get it to the masses quickly. System
software is inherently more difficult to distribute, and consequently takes
more time. When I was doing operating system work at SGI, it was often a year
before the customer base would see the fruits of my labor. However, with
Netscape, things are faster and it is easier to get people to load an
"application" than it is to load a new winsock/kernel. The delivery vehicle is
very important to  the marketplace.
In my mind, SSL and IPSP are two solutions with very similar properties.
However, SSL can be implemented at the application layer. I'm not certain if
IPSP can, and I'm also not certain that if it could, people would be as happy
with it.
A (probably naive) question: If IPSP is essentially "tunnelling", don't
sysadmin's and the like get concerned that now their fancy routers etc. can no
longer shield certain classes of unwanted traffic?
These are all good properties. As with any technology, it takes time to deploy.
When these capabilities are the norm instead of the rarity, SSL will no longer
be needed, except as a compatability crutch.

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:05:44
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: IPSP and Netscape 
SSL provides "channel" privacy. The two endpoints which are communicating can
be ensured of three basic properties:
  1. You are certain who you are talking to (server authentication)
  2. Your conversation with the server is private (privacy using encryption)
  3. Your conversation cannot be interfered with (data integrity)
That is all SSL does. MIME multipart encoding used on documents can provide
deeper encryption, tamper-proof document storage, etc. There are up and coming
standards for these actions.

@_date: 1994-12-13 11:33:57
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
Unfortunately, for now, we only support cert's directly issued from the
imbedded CA's. One level deeper is not trustworthy in any case, unless you make
the user define trust. That requires a GUI and we haven't done that yet.
We agree, and someday this won't be a problem.
I didn't bother imbedding the RSA Unaffiliated User CA because I didn't think
server operators would use it to get certificates.

@_date: 1994-12-14 13:32:16
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: Clarification of my remarks about Netscape 
In article <199412140047.QAA17489 you write:
From the spec, the appendix on certificates:
   Certificates are validated using a few straightforward steps. First,
   the signature on the certificate is checked and if invalid, the
   certificate is invalid (either a transmission error or an attempted
   forgery occurred). Next, the CertificateInfo::issuer field is verified
   to be an issuer that the application trusts (using an unspecified
   mechanism). The CertificateInfo::validity field is checked against the
   current date and verified.
Here is what we do in Netscape (for now). We have imbedded a set of
certificates in the client. The certificates are for issuers of
certificates that "we" trust. Any server which is certified by one of
these issuers will be automatically trusted by the Netscape
Admittedly this is primitive, but it's a start.

@_date: 1994-12-14 13:36:06
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: BofA+Netscape 
In article <199412132218.QAA06065 you write:
If the technology is so "bad", would someone please be so kind as to
inform us what is so "bad" about it? We have a solution for a piece of
the security puzzle: transport security. We admit its
limitations. People keep saying its "bad".
Please put some meat behind the commentary:
Is it insecure? If so, how?
Is there some cipher techonology that it absolutely must support? If
so, which one? why?

@_date: 1994-12-22 10:59:14
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: SSL server experiment 
In article <199412200623.WAA11611 you write:
The 1.1 version of server&client will support 128 bit stuff...The 128
bit client will not be available for ftp though...bloody export laws

@_date: 1994-12-22 13:54:17
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: Time to exhaustively break 40-bit RC4? 
128 bits are used. I have cleaned up the spec language to make this more
Hopefully it will slow down exhaustive key search.
Hope this helps, and thanks again for the comments.

@_date: 1995-01-17 14:42:53
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: 40bit Encryption : Adequate or sadly lacking ? 
In article <3fh5m0$7tg you write:
Actually, it's probably worse than you think:
There are govt's out there that won't let you import code that is
"encryption ready". You must prove that your software is tamper proof
before it can be imported, and tamper proofing means that you can't
bolt on security. Also, I believe the export laws disallow "plug in"
security in the US...
The crypto legal world sucks.

@_date: 1995-01-18 08:52:33
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: 40bit Encryption : Adequate or sadly lacking ? 
include a
 The
Contact a lawyer. It's *really* complicated, and I'm not a lawyer so anything I
tell you could be wrong in some important way, and then you would get really
angry if the govt started chewing you to pieces.

@_date: 1995-01-20 12:25:09
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: Netscape, RC4, key exchange? 
In article <19875.9501201052 you write:
If you read the spec ( you will see
that SSL uses RSA public key encryption for key exchange. However, the
protocol is slightly more general than that, so if there is a
different public key algorithm it is possible for SSL to support it.

@_date: 1995-02-07 14:44:29
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: ssl-talk@netscape.com 
There is now a new mailing list, called "ssl-talk for people
wishing to discuss SSL and its implementations.
It uses the "smartlist" stuff, so send your (un)subscription request in the
message subject line.

@_date: 1995-02-08 11:37:44
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: skronk 
It turns out you want seperate ports for each ssl-ized service because that way
the sysadmin types and the firewall guards are happy. They hate multiplexed
protocols because the standard off the shelf router equipment can't deal with
You are right here. However, our observation is that an interesting chunk of
the world is moving towards using X.509 based certificate infrastructures for
many things. Everybody wants digital signatures and the related capabilities.
For more info, feel free to wade into the X.500 specs (not recommended for the
timid or weak of stomach :-), or go poke around on  and look into
their pkcs specs.
The implementation will be out very shortly (it's already done and working). It
will be free for non-commerical usage, so hopefully most of the cypherpunks
will be happy (if there is such a state of affairs mind you :^)
We won't be having any of the copy-leftish stuff that is in the RSAREF license
- like not fiddling with the api, and having to give us back your hacks using
it...Of course we want to hear about what people are doing with it (thats
another purpose for the ssl-talk mailing list).

@_date: 1995-02-08 13:09:44
@_author: "Kipp E.B. Hickman" 
@_subject: Re: skronk 
Yes, there will be. We haven't formalized it yet, but we have been getting
enough interest to warrant it. Understand that this is not the main thrust of
our business (selling source code), so it will certainly take some time to put
it all together.

@_date: 1995-02-09 10:04:03
@_author: Kipp E.B. Hickman 
@_subject: Re: skronk 
The SSL protocol doesn't define how certificates are truly validated:
It does indicate what operations should be performed, but it doesn't
say how you go about getting the data to perform the operations.
Because there isn't a solid public-key infrastructure in place today,
the Netscape Navigator product (1.0 and the up and coming 1.1) only
support a few well known CA's that are built into the client
(ick). The CA's that are supported today are:
    C=US, OU=Test CA, O=Netscape Communications Corp.
    C=US, O=RSA Data Security, Inc., OU=Commercial Certification Authority
    C=US, O=RSA Data Security, Inc., OU=Secure Server Certification Authority
    C=US, O=MCI, OU=internetMCI, OU=MALL
So you see, you don't have to come to Netscape Communications Corp. to
get a certificate. Of course, this list is kinda short, etc. etc. etc.
We have IPRA's certificate too, but because IPRA has no financial
backbone, we have not included it in the Navigator product.
Of course this sucks. We plan on fixing this in a future release of
the navigator (after the 1.1 release).
SSL requires server operators to be certified so that the end users
(e.g. consumers) can have some faith in the data they are receiving,
and believe in the privacy of the communications. IMHO, before you can
get the consumers to truly believe, you must have a technically sound
It would be possible to modify the protocol to allow a non-certified
server to operate. However, this sort of thing is subject to the
man-in-the-middle attack. If we allow this sort of attack, and it
turns out to be the only easy way for an attack to occur, guess what
will happen?
