
@_date: 1995-09-12 09:48:44
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: Elliptic Curve Public Key Crypto 
A little birdie told me that Brian D Williams said:

@_date: 1995-09-17 22:27:32
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: Netscape SSL implementation cracked! 
A little birdie told me that Ian Goldberg said:
Makes one wonder what the seed is on a Windows implementation...
If it's only the time, you can probably approximate what the
clock is set to within a couple of minutes (if the timezone of the
client is known).

@_date: 1995-09-20 11:16:30
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Press release 
A little birdie told me that Dietrich J. Kappe said:
I think that a press release would be hard, based on the fact that there
is no central organization here on the cypherpunks list. I know that in
times past, Eric Hughes has been quoted in the press, as well as Tim, and
perhaps others (forgive my lack of memory), but there is no approved spokesperson because there is no organization. Does anyone know exactly how the press contact thing works? My impression
is that a reporter/journalist stumbles on to someone who knows something about a particular area, and is willing to be interviewed. Then the next
time a story comes along that deals even slightly with that subject, the
reporter will tend to contact that person.

@_date: 1995-09-29 06:27:18
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: FinCen Blurb in local paper 
Found this in the St Paul Pioneer Press yesterday, no wire service
Cyber banking risks cited
New York
Smart Cards, on-line banking and other high-tech consumer payment services could be exploited by money launderers and other crooks, a Treasury Department official warned
Wednesday. Stanley Morris, director of the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network, said that government and regulatory
agencies believe the new systems, known as cyber banking,
will profoundly alter financial services in the future.
"The government has got to get its act together" and quickly
decide on whether on-line banking systems and smart cards require new regulations," Morris said.
Morris spoke to reporters after a day-long closed-door meeting
of bankers, regulators, law enforcement officials and technology
executives sponsored by FinCen, the governments anti-money
laundering agency.
--- end article ---

@_date: 1995-10-31 15:05:54
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
According to rumor, Doug Hughes said:
We currently have PGP installed on our 2 central email servers that
have approximatly 20,000 users. We haven't integrated it at this
point into Pine, etc mostly due to time and resources. I don't know why inability to read e-mail would cause liability,
and moving 2 million messages a week, I don't think that anyone
could be expected to know what users are sending. We only respond
to complaints.

@_date: 1995-10-09 08:05:06
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: PC disk wipe software 
According to rumor, Perry E. Metzger said:
PC Tools has a wipe program that will either wipe individual files, or
wipe all unallocated diskspace. It also allows you to choose the level
of wipe (single overwrite, multiple, etc).

@_date: 1995-10-09 10:00:52
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: HTTP anon proxy pointers 
I seem to recall that someone was working on an anonymous http
proxy a couple months ago. Pointers would be appreciated. Thanks.

@_date: 1995-10-11 22:36:24
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
According to rumor, sameer said:
It's the "information wants to be free" mindset meeting the "I've got
an hour till deadline and my house payment is due, and if I get scooped again I'm out of a job" mentality. (Apologies to the reporters
on the list who work hard to develop stories, and do a good job for
the most part).
What is happening is two different systems are interfacing, and the "bad reporting" we see are just translation errors. In the many to many system on the net, there is information flowing both
ways, and knowledge is additive. In traditional media, it's a one
way flow, and a "story" is often a one shot information transaction,
with little opportunity built into the paradigm to expand or correct the information once it is sent.
Will the interface get better? My hope is that it will, because as more and more people get involved in the net, the audience for
traditional media will become more aware of inaccuracies, and poor information will be less saleable than it is currently.

@_date: 1995-11-14 08:13:19
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Re: Who needs time vaults anyway? 
According to rumor, Bryce said:
An application that I've seen is financial data, more specifically
MBS payment info. There is 100s of megabytes of data, and it was
encrypted so that nobody could use the info before the release
date/time, but the data needed to be transmitted prior to release
because of bandwidth constraints. In this case, it wasn't real
time-release, because the key was manually transmitted to release
the information rather than implement some sort of "do not decrypt
until" scheme.

@_date: 1995-11-15 04:33:38
@_author: Kevin L Prigge 
@_subject: Good Enough? 
We're looking at providing good tools for digital signatures on
e-mail here, for users that are interested. We plan to make available
PGP public keys in the student/staff X.500 directory, with suitable
tools for retrieving keys, etc. A couple questions have come up that
make me wonder what would be an acceptable service, at least given
the environment that we have to work with.
The first question has to do with key generation. One of the managers
was of the opinion that we could do the key generation for the user,
and either email or otherwise make the private key available to the user. The idea is to make it easy for the user to create their keys
by providing a web interface, etc. BTW, we're running Netscapes Commerce server so we could expect at least 40 bits of protection
(big deal, I know) on the passphrase transmission. The good enough
part is due to the idea that we're running a couple of large multi-
user machines, with all the risks those entail. Note also that we would not be keeping logs or otherwise compromising the keys
ourselves, this would strictly be a user-friendly way to get people
using signatures. We would also accept keys that users create themselves,
this would only be one option.
Second, the web of trust might also be useful, so we could sign
users keys to certify them. Has anyone worked in an organization
of some sort that has a structured approach to key certification
using PGP?
This is just in the preliminary talking stages at this point,
but I thought I'd toss these 2 ideas out for comments to see
what people here think.
