
@_date: 1998-01-02 18:28:20
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
The FCC has issued a ruling that will require all cellular telephone
carriers to provide location information on all 911 calls. By the year
2001, this location information is to provide 125 metres of accuracy 67%
of the time.
Helping emergency services locate 911 callers is a great excuse for installing  a cellular location system. Even better than the excuses they gave for eavesdropping-ready digital switches and limits on encryption.

@_date: 1998-01-03 21:45:21
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
The FCC has issued a ruling that will require all cellular telephone
carriers to provide location information on all 911 calls. By the year
2001, this location information is to provide 125 metres of accuracy 67%
of the time.
Helping emergency services locate 911 callers is a great excuse for installing  a cellular location system. Even better than the excuses they gave for eavesdropping-ready digital switches and limits on encryption.
An accuracy of 125 meters seems quite impressive considering the facts
that cellular channels are plagued by very long multipath dispersion and
that a narrowband FM signal is much less than ideal for calculating delay.

@_date: 1998-01-04 16:48:42
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
The FCC ruling is a result of lobbying by a company that has actually built such a  location device. The requirements are tailored to the capabilities of their device and they probably expect to automatically win the contracts.  I don't remember their name but the devices need to be installed in about one out of 3 cellular base stations. I am only guessing now, but it's not unlikely that they have been assisted in their lobbying efforts by certain three-letter-acronym agencies. They knew that the goverment would look favorably on a device to track people and would eagerly buy their excuse of 911 caller location.

@_date: 1998-01-12 16:49:45
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Trust through anonymity; time vaults 
Trust and anonymity may seem to be in contradiction but I intend to show
how anonymity can be used to achieve trust.
At the base of any cryptographic system is a trust model and it can only
be as strong as the assumptions made by the trust model. Of special
interest to us are distributed trust models. This posting was sent through
a chain of remailers. I do not need to trust any of them completely, just
assume that the chances that all of them are colluding or have been
compromised by an attacker are low.
Other types of services requiring a server infrastructure can be
implemented using distributed trust models. For example, I can submit a
document to be timestamped by several servers. Someone checking the
validity of the combined timestamps can have higher assurance that the
timestamp has not been generated by collusion between the document owner
and the timestamping service or by a compromised timestamper key.
Another type of service which can use a distributed trust model is a
digital time vault which will be described later.
One of the problems with distributed trust is reliability. A service can
be interrupted by any of the servers going down. The overall reliability
goes down exponentially with the number of servers. This can be solved
for some types of services by using a secret-splitting algorithm
requiring a minimum of N out of M parts. A user can select values of N
and M that satisfy both his reliability requirements and his paranoia.
But some are more paranoid than that. It may take a very large number of
unrelated servers around the world to earn their trust and an even larger
number to get acceptable reliability.
To those I propose the following idea:
Some of the servers will be anonymous. If they don't know each other, they
can't collude. If they are anonymous it will be hard for an attacker to
know which machine to break into.
One of the problem with this approach is that an opponent with sufficient
resources can set up a large number of anonymous servers and hope that a
user chooses a set of servers of which at least N are under his control.
If the user chooses a combination of anonymous and well-known servers he
gets good protection against this scenario. Even if all the anonymous
servers are run by  it is
unlikely that they will collude with servers run by, let's say,
well-known remailer operators in other countries.
Anonymous server operators may try to collude but selfishness will stand
in their way: even if N-1 servers revealed their parts of the secret, the
last one can always refuse to cooperate and use the information, so none
of them has an incentive to reveal his part in the first place.
Simultaneous secret trading protocols will not help- they cannot
guarantee that a valid secret is contained in the message. The only way
to get selfish operators to cooperate is using zero-knowledge proofs of
their secrets. Zero-knowledge proofs work only for specific types of
secrets. It may be possible to use secrets for which zero-knowledge
proofs do not work.
The specific service I had in mind for this distributed trust model is a
digital time vault. It allows a sender to encrypt a message which can
only be decrypted after a certain date.
This is done by having a server generate secret/public key pairs for
future dates, publish all public keys at once and publish the private key
for each date at that date. Only after that date the message can be
decrypted. For reliability and security the message (or the session key)
can be split and encrypted it to the public keys of "next Friday"
published by several different servers.
This service can be used to send a public message that can only be read
after a certain date, without any action required by the sender at that
date. This may be useful if the sender suspects that he may be under
arrest, dead or otherwise uncapable of getting online at the target date.
Another possible use for this service is to destroy information to
protect yourself against threats or court orders and still be able to
recover it at a later date. Even if you don't actually do it, the
existence of the service gives you plausible deniability.
Many types of secret information are only secret for a limited time -
until an announcement is made or a deal is signed. Encrypting a message
to a future date as well as the intended recipient allows storing the
message in an unsecured archive for later reference.
This service can be implemented using existing software like PGP without
secret splitting algorithms: a conventional encryption passphrase is
encrypted to several different chains of public keys of the same date on
different servers, using combinations that create the same N out of M
Since the time servers do not receive any information or participate in
the process in any way they will not generate any significant load except
during initial key generation. They can also be kept anonymous very
easily and cannot be held accountable for anyone's use of the service.
The servers will still attract attacks. Anonymous servers will get some
protection against this since their location is not known. Public servers
can protect themselves by encrypting future private keys to future date
keys on other servers and keep encrypted backups off-site. This should be
done carefully to ensure that future keys will not be lost because of
loops or servers going down.
Anyone wants to run such a service? You can run either an anonymous or
public server. You should run a public server only if you think your
reputation is good and you public key is trusted by many people. If you
want to run an anonymous server generate a new key without email or any
other identification except a pseudonym for the server.
You must commit to maintaining the service for a minimum period and
publish all the private keys for which you published the initial public
keys, but never before their time. The trial period for this service will
be three months and the interval will be one week, posted at midnight on
the beginning of the week, GMT. Date keys must be signed by the server
Date private keys must have an empty passphrase so they can be used by
anyone after they are published. Until then they should be secured for
storage. Date Key IDs consists of a date in YYYYMMDD format followed by
the server name. The name may be followed by an optional email address of
the maintainer.
For the trial period keys should be published to alt.privacy.anon-server
and the list. Lists of public keys and past private keys should be
available through http, ftp or finger. If you run an anonymous server you
may ask someone, preferably a maintainer of a public server, to get your
lists and make them available.
The trial will let us experiment with this trust model and see if anyone
thinks of interesting ways to use the service.

@_date: 1998-01-17 06:28:53
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Eternity - an alternative approach 
In one of the messages on the eternity thread someone suggested using
radio signals. This is an interesting approach which certainly deserves
further attention but digital radio requires special hardware which I prefer to avoid. However, some of the characteristics of radio signals can be emulated on the internet.
Radio links are perfect for hiding the location of receivers. The
equivalent for this is of course services like usenet and IRC. Both are
already used for providing anonymity.
Radio is also quite good at hiding the location of the transmitter - you
tune your radio and the signals are just there, coming down your antenna.
It takes special equipment to locate where they originated.
It occured to me that the equivalent on the net would be to receive
packets with invalid source addresses. They are just there, coming dowm
the phone line to your modem. It takes significant resources and snooping
on a massive scale to locate where they are coming from.. All this is
assuming you can find some way to send a request with your address to the
For eternity this means that the location of servers where documents are
stored can be kept secret if they transmit the documents using packets
with invalid source addresses. Receivers of eternity documents will not
be able to tell where they are coming from.
Since there is no bidirectional link between transmitter and receiver the
protocol must be implemented over UDP. To protect against packet loss the
data may be encoded with redundancy. The correction code can be similar
to that used on RAID disk arrays - adding redundant blocks consisting of
XOR of other blocks. Missing blocks can be reconstructed by XORing
together other blocks received.
To provide even better anonymity the transmitter may send the messages
through one or more onion routers which decrypt one layer of encryption.
These routers do not store information, do not know what information
passes through them and do not know where it's coming from. Any packets
they forward are sent without a valid source address. This should make
them less vulnerable to attacks of all kinds. Can anyone speculate about
their liability under US law?
Putting caches on the routers will help both performance and security.
Will it affect their liability in any way?
If encryption is implemented properly all packets will look identical:
blocks of random data of the same size and no source address. This will
make traffic analysis difficult. The distance to the transmitter can be
hidden by initializing the packet's time-to-live field to a value with
random variations.
That was the easy part. The hard part is to get the requests to the
document servers without knowing their addresses. This can be done
through the equivalent of remailer reply blocks or some kind of broadcast
The reply blocks would be implemented by the onion routers. Each hop
could generate several copies, both for redundancy and as decoys.
Packets used in reply blocks can look identical to packets with document
data, including the use of invalid source addresses.
In the broadcast version clients and servers subscribe to channels with
many participants to hide their identity in the crowd. The system could
use an existing service like IRC or a dedicated network, possibly based
on modified IRC server code.
Sympathizers with bandwidth to spare can subscribe too to provide better
cover for the actual document servers. Servers could listen using trusted
proxies or chains of semi-trusted proxies. The division into channels
allows growth of the system if the total bandwidth of requests becomes
too high.
Using the public IRC networks has the advantages of being less suspicious
and not requiring the deployment of new infrastructure. Requests could
even be hidden steganographically in IRC traffic. Unfortunately, IRC
server operators are touchy about abuse of their systems.
Requests should be small. This allows replicating them to a large number
of receivers without taking too much bandwidth. They can also be made to
be of fixed size and contain no controversial information. Requests
contain the document index as a compact one-way hash, the requester's IP
address and the server's ID code. It may also contain hashcash or ecash
payment. Requests should be encrypted to the server's public key. To keep
them small, elliptic curve encryption may be used.
A server may send random cover packets to hide the correlation between
a request and its response. It may also add random delay before
responding to the request. Delay will also help limit the bandwidth.
Users of eternity need to be more patient that the average web surfer and
the protocol should use generous timeouts. Since UDP has no flow control
the server should always assume the client is using a modem connection
and limit its transmission speed accordingly. Security has a price.
The client software may be implemented as a local web proxy (in Java?)
which identifies requests to eternityspace and converts them to this
protocol. Public gateways may be set up to allow anyone to read eternity
URLs. These public may also be used to protect the anonymity of the
reader like the Anonymizer.
Document servers and routers must be located on networks where there is
no spoofed packet filtering. Since the common use of spoofed packets is
in denial-of-service attacks more and more filters are being installed.
It may become harder in the future to find places to put the servers and
routers. I believe it should always be possible since it is not practical
to implement filtering in places where there is a lot of traffic from
different sources. In cases where the document server is located on a
filtered network it may have to trust the routers to hide its location.
This system is far from perfect: it has too many components and the weakest link is the transmission of requests to servers. I still believe it has some interesting sides which deserve further discussion. Your ideas are welcome.

@_date: 1998-01-18 17:42:03
@_author: Kay Ping 
@_subject: Eternity - an alternative aproach (take 2) 
"Romeo, she is a female Homo Sapiens, not a full rotation of the Earth during the season when the incident solar radioation is at a higher angle"
"Yes, I know that. It was just a metaphore."
I got several comments about my posting, all of them about the possibility of detecting the location of radio transmitters or receivers.
You just didn't get it, did you? I was using radio as a METAPHORE for the use of broadcast to provide anonymity to receivers and packets with false source addresses for the anonymity of transmitters. You can read the original posting at Kay Ping nop 'til you drop
finger kping for key
DF 6D 91 18 A6 59 41 96 - 89 01 69 B7 9D0 4 AE 53
