
@_date: 1994-06-19 07:18:13
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Re: Decline and Fall 
In article <2tnlbgINNjss you write:
Noam Chomsky spoke here in January and made the point that the increasing
mobility of capital increasingly holds governments hostage.  He felt that
it was the current greatest danger to democracy, because it bypasses any
leverage voters might have on politicians at the ballot box.
It's not clear how well his argument really holds together, though, since
the leverage that the mobile capital has is via the satisfaction of the
voters.  If capital flees a country, the population will be less
productive, dissatisfied and vote the politicians out of office.  So
policies that favor capital in some sense also favor labor.
Anyone else care to take shots at his argument or support it?
Mobile capital does mean that population and government lose their ability
to decree the relative rewards made to capital and labor.  If labor
requires too high a return, capital will go somewhere else.
The ownership and control of capital IS highly skewed, but since it's still
distributed among many parties, it is forced to compete and remain engaged,
lest it depreciate in value.
Go cyphercredits.

@_date: 1994-11-21 13:14:30
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Admiral Inman 
[Hi, below are some class notes for your use.  Probably many flaws,
spelling errors, etc, but time to get back to work...]
(Retired) Admiral Bobby Inman, the former director of the NSA, Deputy
directory of the CIA, and Director of Naval Intelligence spoke at Hal
Abelson's MIT class today about Clipper, export regulations and
cryptography.  He was impressive with respect to the clarity of his points,
the even-handedness, and the precision with which he addressed questions
from the class.
He began his talk addressing the beginnings of the export control debate as
arising with mid-80's intelligence from the French disclosing a Soviet
"shopping list" of technologies to acquire from the West, starting with
overt purchases, and moving to covert purchases and theft if necessary.
The government was particularly alarmed at the size of the figure for the
number of Rubles that the Soviets saved.  The resulting internal government
reaction started by working to reclassify technologies that were previously
public, but then moved to discuss how to structure the ground rules for
business in order to prevent sensitive technologies from being exported in
the future.  The mentioned the myth in the press about the value of technical
intelligence as not providing information about intentions, instead
providing only information about configurations and positions.  While
that's true for imagery, communications intelligence does provide
information about intentions.  He said that while he can't provide specific
cases, in the last 20-30 years comint has provided significant information
about intentions, and in cases where the military was employed.  This
relates to the export of cryptography because cryptography, because there
were some cases where they were able to gain access but unable to go
further because of the employment of cryptography.  He mentioned that he was involved in the decision to declassify the work
related to Magic and it's successes against the Japanese.  In that, even
though much of the material was 40 years old there was much resistance to
declassification because in many other instances, adversaries have employed
extremely dated encryption technology, so it was felt that in all cases,
the less said about cryptography publicly, the better.
He touched on the mid-70's debate about public cryptography which led to
the establishment of voluntary peer review with a 30-day response from the
NSA.  He felt that this system worked for about 10 years, and finally broke
down when commercial opportunities for cryptography started to arise, so
that economic incentives instead of publishing incentives started to frame
the debate.  He said something about the extensive, nonpublic, dialogues between
commercial companies and the government which eventually became public.  I
didn't quite follow this; he seemed to be censoring himself as he said it.
Something about both parties or one party regretting this becomming public.
Coupled with this was an "evolution of concern" about white-collar crime,
which he said was a recent (since Watergate) phenomenon.  This evolution of
concern was the fact that the FBI has become "totally dependent" on
wiretaps for enforcement against white collar crime.  When asked later
about the proportion of concern within the government between the various
white-collar crimes, such as drugs, organized crime, terrorism, etc., he
replied that the governmental concern about wiretaps was and is primarily
and unambiguously about narcotics.
Therefore, the driving concern with regard to public disclosures about
cryptography were not primarily related to the export of this technology,
but instead, related to the domestic use.  This led to the technological
solution, Clipper, which he termed a mini-disaster.
He said that people inside the government miscalculated the depth of
ditrust of government which led to the anti-clipper groundswell.  He felt
that this was simply a "blind spot" in those people; it's not that they
have bad motives, it's just that they can't comprehend why someone wouldn't
trust the government.  By proposing clipper (which is technologically
sound) with it's government-entity escrow, he said that they fed the
spectre of Big Brother, when it would have been better to deal with it from
the start.
One of the ways that they could have dealt with it was via commercial or
nongovernmental escrow, specifically citing the companies in Boston and NY
which deal with stock certificate transactions.  However, he was skeptical
whether nongovernmental escrow had any political future, given the initial
From a public policy standpoint, he felt that given the single-issue voting
in the recent election, regarding crime, the public's equivalence of crime
with drugs, and the essential nature of the wiretaps as the sole source of
leads in combatting narcotics, that arguments *to the public* about privacy
would be ineffective.  Most of the public do not see wiretaps as
threatening them.  He felt that if one wanted to fight for privacy in the
public domain, the only chance was to link it with another issue that the
voting public feels strongly about: namely, Big Government, Bureaucracy.
Throughout his talk, this theme was reiterated several times: the public
does makes governmental policy by the way they vote.  The public cares
about crime.  Crime and Drugs are the same thing (in the public eye).
Arguments about privacy will not fly.  The argument must be PACKAGED in
terms that links it to an issue that the public cares about, and the public
cares about and opposes Big Government. He suggested that the alternatives to government wiretap abilities to
combat drugs might be random uranalysis of the public, specifically to
combat the demand side of the drug trade since enforcement against the
supply side is so terribly unsuccessful.  Note: he wasn't advocating this
action by the government, just pointing out that there are implications to
extreme positions on any issue, largely related to the public's current Back to Narcotics.  He gave the statistic that 90% of the narcotics leads
related to money laundering come from domestic wiretaps.  He claimed that
international wiretaps are less valuable, because of the trail of the money
which generally travels this route:
Small US Bank <1> Large US Bank <2> Canadian Bank <3> Cayman Island <4> Columbia
He claimed that the only valuable link wrt to enforcement is link <1>
because this identifies the individuals subject to law enforcement, while
scanning links <2> and <3> is illegal due to treaty clauses which preclude
surveilance of companies located in friendly-nation intelligence allies
(e.g. Canada) while scanning link <4> is not worthwhile because it's too
far removed and difficult to identify with specific individuals in the US.
When asked about the often rumored "you spy on my citizens, I'll spy on
yours and we'll exchange what we get" cooperation that would allow the US
to subvert restrictions on unauthorized wiretapping of citizens, he said
that that would be illegal because of that treaty clause preventing such
spying and it doesn't happen; he claimed that the intelligence sharing that
goes on is motiviated by cost considerations, rather than trying to subvert
laws in the form that this rumor alleges.
He suggested that most companies are not willing to spend money on strong
cryptography and that in order to get companies more interested in strong
cryptography, there must be one or two well-publicized cases where
companies experience actual losses due to some sort of ether-sniffing.
Inman made the point that when governments are faced with problems that are
too big, they often just throw up their hands and don't deal with it.
Someone else in the class followed on this by pointing out that the logical
implication of that argument is that redoubling efforts for the adoption of
PGP or the like would effectively make the problem a big one for the
government.  Inman was surprised by the looming introduction of VoicePGP, and said that
that would be a big problem, particularly with the advent of mobile
computers that supported VoicePGP, since much of the dealer-level narcotics
enfocement relies on such surveilance.  He pointed out, though, that
current cellular phones are difficult to monitor because "there's no
technology that can sweep up and sort out phone conversations" despite very
large investments in this.  He drew an analogy to a case where he had to
inform President Carter that an insecure dedicated private land-line to the
British Prime Minister had been compromised -- he told him that the nature
of the phone system, with its huge volume and unpredictable switching would
have made using a pay phone more secure.
Inman, when asked about foreign export restrictions felt that the best way
to remain ahead technologically was not to restrict export, but speed the
pace at which you advance domestically.  The current global economic system
is very different from the days when export constraints were first
proposed, and that they're probably not applicable.
Many of you might remember the controversial hearings regarding Clinton's
nomination of Inman for DCI about a year ago; it was rumored in the press
that William Saffire of the New York Times and Senator Dole had worked out
a pact, whereby Dole would sink Inman if Saffire would sink Clinton.  This
rumor was never substantiated, but Saffire's scathing editorial about Inman
stemming from an incident in which he felt that Inman has lied to him
helped scuttle Inman's nomination. In class today, Inman mentioned that his privacy had been invaded during
the nomination process; when asked for elaboration, he cited cases of the
press going around asking questions about his wife and sons.  So Inman
seems sensitive to issues of privacy, but in this case, they seem to be
primarily associated with invasions of privacy by the media rather than by
the government.
In all, Inman gave a balanced talk in which he advocated very few opinions,
rather, he was concerned with clarifying the motives of the different
players (the govt and the public) to make some coherent sense of
complicated issues.

@_date: 1994-11-22 03:53:54
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Admiral Inman 
A direct quote from him saying the above would be a nice tool the
   next time kiddie porn and terrorists are thrown out for the press
   to chew on.
I recall hearing that Inman lost a tremendous amount of credibility in the
government and the media during the confimation; there appeared the press
afterward some articles about how undeserved his sterling repuation was
after he "babbled on about his paranoias" during the confirmation.  Someone
with more information about the hearings could post the transcripts and
news articles. My impression of him during the class was that Inman was
well informed and on top of things.  But it's debatable the degree to which
a direct quote from him would sway the press.

@_date: 1995-01-18 08:47:35
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: [pagre@weber.ucsd.edu: Supreme Court decision on anonymity] 
Return-Path: Resent-Date: Tue, 17 Jan 1995 18:00:48 -0800
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-Url: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/534
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
Dave Banisar from the Electronic Privacy Information Center sent me the enclosed text of the US Supreme Court's decision denying the
constitutionality of laws banning anonymous leaflets.  This decision
has an obvious relevance to current debates about regulating anonymous
messages on the Internet.
                TALLEY v. CALIFORNIA
          SUPREME COURT OF THE UNITED STATES
                     362 U.S. 60
            January 13-14, 1960, Argued                 March 7, 1960, Decided
Certiorari to the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of
California, Los Angeles County.
 172 Cal. App. 2d Supp. 797, 332 P. 2d 447, reversed.
 A. L. Wirin and Hugh R. Manes argued the cause for petitioner.  With
them on the brief was Fred Okrand.
   Philip E. Grey argued the cause for respondent.  With him on the
brief was Roger Arnebergh.
   Shad Polier, Will Maslow, Leo Pfeffer and Joseph B. Robison filed
a brief for the American Jewish Congress, as amicus curiae, urging
 Warren, Black, Frankfurter, Douglas, Clark, Harlan, Brennan,
Whittaker, Stewart
 MR. JUSTICE BLACK delivered the opinion of the Court.
   The question presented here is whether the provisions of a Los
Angeles City ordinance restricting the distribution of handbills
"abridge the freedom of speech and of the press secured against state
invasion by the Fourteenth Amendment of the Constitution." n1 The
ordinance, @ 28.06 of the Municipal Code of the City of Los Angeles,
   "No person shall distribute any hand-bill in any place under any
circumstances, which does not have printed on the cover, or the face
thereof, the name and address of the following:
 "(a) The person who printed, wrote, compiled or manufactured the
 "(b) The person who caused the same to be distributed; provided,
however, that in the case of a fictitious person or club, in addition
to such fictitious name, the true names and addresses of the owners,
managers or agents of the person sponsoring said hand-bill shall also
appear thereon."
   The petitioner was arrested and tried in a Los Angeles Municipal
Court for violating this ordinance.  It was stipulated that the
petitioner had distributed handbills in Los Angeles, and two of them
were presented in evidence.  Each had printed on it the following:
   National Consumers Mobilization,
   Box 6533,
   Los Angeles 55, Calif.
   PLeasant 9-1576.
 The handbills urged readers to help the organization carry on a
boycott against certain merchants and businessmen, whose names were
given, on the ground that, as one set of handbills said, they carried
products of "manufacturers who will not offer equal employment
opportunities to Negroes, Mexicans, and Orientals." There also
appeared a blank, which, if signed, would request enrollment of the
signer as a "member of National Consumers Mobilization," and which
was preceded by a statement that "I believe that every man should
have an equal opportunity for employment no matter what his race,
religion, or place of birth."
   The Municipal Court held that the information printed on the
handbills did not meet the requirements of the ordinance, found the
petitioner guilty as charged, and fined him $ 10.  The Appellate
Department of the Superior Court of the County of Los Angeles
affirmed the conviction, rejecting petitioner's contention, timely
made in both state courts, that the ordinance invaded his freedom of
speech and press in violation of the Fourteenth and First Amendments
to the Federal Constitution. n2 172 Cal. App. 2d Supp. 797, 332 P. 2d
447. Since this was the highest state court available to petitioner,
we granted certiorari to consider this constitutional contention.
360 U.S. 928.
    In Lovell v. Griffin, 303 U.S. 444,   we held void on its face an
ordinance that comprehensively forbade any distribution of literature
at any time or place in Griffin, Georgia, without a license.
Pamphlets and leaflets, it was pointed out, "have been historic
weapons in the defense of liberty" n3 and enforcement of the Griffin
ordinance "would restore the system of license and censorship in its
baldest form." Id., at 452. A year later we had before us four
ordinances each forbidding distribution of leaflets -- one in
Irvington, New Jersey, one in Los Angeles, California, one in
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and one in Worcester, Massachusetts.  Schneider
v. State, 308 U.S. 147. Efforts were made to distinguish these four
ordinances from the one held void in the Griffin case.  The chief
grounds urged for distinction were that the four ordinances had been
passed to prevent either frauds, disorder, or littering, according to
the records in these cases, and another ground urged was that two of
the ordinances applied only to certain city areas.  This Court
refused to uphold the four ordinances on those grounds pointing out
that there were other ways to accomplish these legitimate aims
without abridging freedom of speech and press.  Frauds, street
littering and disorderly conduct could be denounced and punished as
offenses, the Court said.  Several years later we followed the
Griffin and Schneider cases in striking down a Dallas, Texas,
ordinance which was applied to prohibit the dissemination of
information by the distribution of handbills.  We said that although
a city could punish any person for conduct on the streets if he
violates a valid law, "one who is rightfully on a street . . .
carries with him there as elsewhere the constitutional right to
express his views in an orderly fashion . . . by handbills and
literature as well as by the spoken word." Jamison v. Texas, 318 U.S.
413, 416.
   The broad ordinance now before us, barring distribution of "any
hand-bill in any place under any circumstances," n4 falls precisely
under the ban of our prior cases unless this ordinance is saved by
the qualification that handbills can be distributed if they have
printed on them the names and addresses of the persons who prepared,
distributed  or sponsored them.  For, as in Griffin, the ordinance
here is not limited to handbills whose content is "obscene or
offensive to public morals or that advocates unlawful conduct." n5
Counsel has urged that this ordinance is aimed at providing a way to
identify those responsible for fraud, false advertising and libel.
Yet the ordinance is in no manner so limited, nor have we been
referred to any legislative history indicating such a purpose.
Therefore we do not pass on the validity of an ordinance limited to
prevent these or any other supposed evils.  This ordinance simply
bars all handbills under all circumstances anywhere that do not have
the names and addresses printed on them in the place the ordinance
   There can be no doubt that such an identification requirement
would tend to restrict freedom to distribute information and thereby
freedom of expression. "Liberty of circulating is as essential to
that freedom as liberty of publishing; indeed, without the
circulation, the publication would be of little value." Lovell v.
Griffin, 303 U.S., at 452.
   Anonymous pamphlets, leaflets, brochures and even books have
played an important role in the progress of mankind.  Persecuted
groups and sects from time to time throughout history have been able
to criticize oppressive practices and laws either anonymously or not
at all.  The obnoxious press licensing law of England, which was also
enforced on the Colonies was due in part to the knowledge that
exposure of the names of printers, writers and distributors would
lessen the circulation of literature critical of the government.  The
old seditious libel cases in England show the lengths  to which
government had to go to find out who was responsible for books that
were obnoxious  to the rulers.  John Lilburne was whipped, pilloried
and fined for refusing to answer questions designed to get evidence
to convict him or someone else for the secret distribution of books
in England.  Two Puritan Ministers, John Penry and John Udal, were
sentenced to death on charges that they were responsible for writing,
printing or publishing books. n6 Before the Revolutionary War
colonial patriots frequently had to conceal their authorship or
distribution of literature that easily could have brought down on
them prosecutions by English-controlled courts.  Along about that
time the Letters of Junius were written and the identity of their
author is unknown to this day. n7 Even the Federalist Papers, written
in favor of the adoption of our Constitution, were published under
fictitious names.  It is plain that anonymity has sometimes been
assumed for the most constructive purposes.
   We have recently had occasion to hold in two cases that there are
times and circumstances when States may not compel members of groups
engaged in the dissemination of ideas to be publicly identified.
Bates v. Little Rock, 361 U.S. 516; N. A. A. C. P. v. Alabama, 357
U.S. 449, 462. The reason for those holdings was that identification
and fear of reprisal might deter perfectly peaceful discussions of
public matters of importance.  This broad Los Angeles ordinance is
subject to the same infirmity.  We hold that it, like the Griffin,
Georgia, ordinance, is void on its face.
   The judgment of the Appellate Department of the Superior Court of
the State of California is reversed and the cause is remanded to it
for further proceedings not inconsistent with this opinion.
   It is so ordered.
   n1 Schneider v. State, 308 U.S. 147, 154. Cf. Lovell v. Griffin,
303 U.S. 444, 450.
  n2 Petitioner also argues here that the ordinance both on its face
and as construed and applied "arbitrarily denies petitioner equal
protection of the laws in violation of the Due Process and Equal
Protection" Clauses of the Fourteenth Amendment.  This argument is
based on the fact that the ordinance applies to handbills only, and
does not include within its proscription books, magazines and
newspapers.  Our disposition of the case makes it unnecessary to
consider this contention.
   n3 The Court's entire sentence was: "These [pamphlets and
leaflets] indeed have been historic weapons in the defense of
liberty, as the pamphlets of Thomas Paine and others in our own
history abundantly attest." It has been noted that some of Thomas
Paine's pamphlets were signed with pseudonyms.  See Bleyer, Main
Currents in the History of American Journalism (1927), 90-93.
Illustrations of other anonymous and pseudonymous pamphlets and other
writings used to discuss important public questions can be found in
this same volume.
   n4 Section 28.00 of the Los Angeles Municipal Code defines
"handbill" as follows: "'HAND-BILL' shall mean any hand-bill, dodger,
commercial advertising circular, folder, booklet, letter, card,
pamphlet, sheet, poster, sticker, banner, notice or other written,
printed or painted matter calculated to attract attention of the
  n5 Lovell v. Griffin, 303 U.S., at 451.
   n6 Penry was executed and Udal died as a result of his
confinement.  1 Hallam, The Constitutional History of England (1855),
205-206, 232.
   n7 In one of the letters written May 28, 1770, the author asked
the following question about the tea tax imposed on this country, a
question which he could hardly have asked but for his anonymity:
 "What is it then, but an odious, unprofitable exertion of a
speculative right, and fixing a badge of slavery upon the Americans,
without service to their masters?" 2 Letters of Junius (1821) 39.
MR. JUSTICE HARLAN, concurring.
   In judging the validity of municipal action affecting rights of
speech or association protected against invasion by the Fourteenth
Amendment, I do not believe that we can escape, as Mr. Justice
Roberts said in Schneider v. State, 308 U.S. 147, 161, "the delicate
and difficult   task" of weighing "the circumstances" and appraising
"the substantiality of the reasons advanced in support of the
regulation of the free enjoyment of" speech.  More recently we have
said that state action impinging on free speech and association will
not be sustained unless the governmental interest asserted to support
such impingement is compelling.  See N. A. A. C. P. v. Alabama, 357
U.S. 449, 463, 464; Sweezy v. New Hampshire, 354 U.S. 234, 265
(concurring opinion); see also Bates v. Little Rock, 361 U.S. 516.
   Here the State says that this ordinance is aimed at the prevention
of "fraud, deceit, false advertising, negligent use of words,
obscenity, and libel," in that it will aid in the detection of those
responsible for spreading material of that character.  But the
ordinance is   not so limited, and I think it will not do for the
State simply to say that the circulation of all anonymous handbills
must be suppressed in order to identify the distributors of those
that may be of an obnoxious character.  In the absence of a more
substantial showing as to Los Angeles' actual experience with the
distribution  of obnoxious handbills, * such a   generality is for me
too remote to furnish a constitutionally acceptable justification for
the deterrent effect on free speech which this all-embracing
ordinance is likely to have.
   On these grounds I concur in the judgment of the Court.
   * On the oral argument the City Attorney stated:
   "We were able to find out that prior to 1931 an effort was made by
the local Chamber of Commerce, urging the City Council to do
something about these handbills and advertising matters which were
false and misleading -- had no names of sponsors.  They were
particularly interested in the fictitious name. They said, 'Who are
these people that are distributing; who are advertising; doing things
of that sort?' The meager record that we were able to find indicates
that a request from the Council to the City Attorney as to their
legal opinion on this subject [sic].  The City Attorney wrote back
and formed the conclusion that distribution of handbills, pamphlets,
or other matters, without the name of the fictitious firm or officers
would be legal [sic].  Thereafter in the early part of 1932 an
ordinance was drafted, and submitted to the City Council, and
approved by them, which related to the original subject -- unlawful
for any person, firm or association to distribute in the city of Los
Angeles any advertisement or handbill -- or any other matter which
does not have the names of the sponsors of such literature."
MR. JUSTICE CLARK, whom MR. JUSTICE FRANKFURTER and MR. JUSTICE
WHITTAKER join, dissenting.
   To me, Los Angeles' ordinance cannot be read as being void on its
face. Certainly a fair reading of it does not permit a conclusion
that it prohibits the distribution of handbills "of any kind at any
time, at any place, and in any manner," Lovell v. Griffin, 303 U.S.
444, 451 (1938), as the Court seems to conclude.  In Griffin, the
ordinance completely prohibited the unlicensed distribution of any
handbills.  As I read it, the ordinance here merely prohibits the
distribution of a handbill which does not carry the identification of
the  name of the person who "printed, wrote, compiled . . .
manufactured [or] . . . caused" the distribution of it.  There could
well be a compelling reason for such a requirement.  The Court
implies as much when it observes that Los Angeles has not "referred
to any legislative history indicating" that the ordinance was adopted
for the purpose of preventing "fraud, false advertising and libel."
But even as to its legislative background there is pertinent
material which the Court overlooks.  At oral argument, the City's
chief law enforcement officer stated that the ordinance was
originally suggested in 1931 by the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce
in a complaint to the City Council urging it to "do something about
these handbills and advertising matters which were false and
misleading." Upon inquiry by the Council, he said, the matter was
referred to his office, and the Council was advised that such an
ordinance as the present one would be valid.  He further stated that
this ordinance, relating to the original inquiry of the Chamber of
Commerce, was thereafter drafted and submitted to the Council.  It
was adopted in 1932.  In the face of this and the presumption of
validity that the ordinance enjoys, the Court nevertheless strikes it
down, stating that it "falls precisely under the ban of our prior
cases." This cannot follow, for in each of the three cases cited, the
ordinances either "forbade any distribution of literature . . .
without a license," Lovell v. Griffin, supra, or forbade, without
exception, any distribution of handbills on the streets, Jamison   v.
Texas, 318 U.S. 413 (1943);  or, as in Schneider v. State, 308 U.S.
147 (1939), which covered different ordinances in four cities, they
were either outright bans or prior restraints upon the distribution
of handbills.  I, therefore, cannot see how the Court can conclude
that the Los Angeles ordinance here "falls precisely" under any of
these cases.  On the contrary, to my mind, they neither control this
case nor are apposite to it.  In fact, in Schneider, depended upon by
the Court, it was held, through Mr. Justice Roberts, that, "In every
case . . . where legislative abridgment of the rights is asserted,
the courts should be astute to examine the effect of the challenged
legislation . . .   weigh the circumstances and . . . appraise the
substantiality of the reasons advanced . . . ." Id., at 161. The
Court here, however, makes no appraisal of the circumstances, or the
substantiality of the claims of the litigants, but strikes down the
ordinance as being "void on its face." I cannot be a party to using
such a device as an escape from the requirements of our cases, the
latest of which was handed down only last month.  Bates v. Little
Rock, 361 U.S. 516.  n1
   Therefore, before passing upon the validity of the ordinance, I
would weigh the interests of the public in its enforcement against
the claimed right of Talley.  The record is barren of any claim, much
less proof, that he will suffer any injury whatever by identifying
the handbill with his name.  Unlike N. A. A. C. P. v. Alabama, 357
U.S. 449 (1958), which is relied upon, there is neither allegation
nor proof that Talley or any group sponsoring him would suffer
"economic reprisal, loss of employment, threat of physical coercion
[or] other manifestations of public hostility." Id., at 462. Talley
makes no showing whatever to support his contention  that a restraint
upon his freedom of speech will result from the enforcement of the
ordinance.  The existence of such a restraint is necessary before we
can strike the ordinance down.
   But even if the State had this burden, which it does not, the
substantiality of Los Angeles' interest in the enforcement of the
ordinance sustains its validity.  Its chief law enforcement officer
says that the enforcement of the ordinance prevents "fraud, deceit,
false advertising, negligent use of words, obscenity, and libel,"
and, as we have said, that such was its purpose.  In the absence of
any showing to the contrary by Talley, this appears to me entirely
   I stand second to none in supporting Talley's right of free speech

@_date: 1995-02-10 09:22:43
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Global Filesystem Guild 
To reduce the vulnerability of a single user/BBS to having their files
confiscated/stolen, could a distributed WAN filesystem be implemented with
k-redundancy, e.g. the files wouldn't disappear until k servers (located in
various unknown or inaccessible places) failed?  The price of storage would
vary with the level of redundancy desired.  For security the servers would
only store cyphertext, etc.  Local cacheing to reduce network load.
Andrew File System (from Transarc/IBM) implements the distributed
filesystem and namespace and some security, but not the redundancy for RW
files. (And it's not shareware).
Quota management.
Pricing (for space or time)
Security: (only store cyphertext?)
Ownership: (who gets to delete files?)
Sort of the next level beyond SecureFS?

@_date: 1995-07-16 09:43:07
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: ecm list 
It may be necessary to remove the ECM mailing list from the MIT
computers (no big surprise here).  The issue isn't the overwhelming
traffic volume on the list; rather, the concern that it might violate
some MIT regulation.
If anyone wants to take it on, please contact me ASAP.

@_date: 1995-07-21 08:05:11
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Cyberporn on NPR today 
Talk of the Nation on NPR is having a call-in program this afternoon
on the "pervasiveness of cyberporn".  I think it's 1:00 or 2:00.
Crypto-relevance... 4 horsepeople...

@_date: 1995-07-21 12:27:44
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Re: Cyberporn on NPR today 
Only two callers through, first one should have hung up when he heard
all of his arguments made (better) in the first half hour.  Second
caller asked whether the Pynchon mailing list he's on would have to
censor itself if the Exon ammendment passed (seemed a decent point -
succinct too).
The rest of the time was the same old political debate with a few
moments about Surfwatch.  Equal time given to the opposition, who
spoke about the horrors of unspeakable besiality, rape, etc.

@_date: 1995-08-24 15:40:51
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Server Bottleneck 
The bottleneck at the server is pretty awful.  My clients are spending
most of their time in timeout, waiting for keyspace. Also, users on the workstations have complained that the programs eat
of lots of system time, despite their being nice'd to +19...
Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972

@_date: 1995-08-25 06:30:05
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: [pagre@weber.ucsd.edu: computers are the crime scenes of the future] 
Resent-Date: Thu, 24 Aug 1995 08:08:10 -0700
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-Url: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/793
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
[ This is the ASCII transcript of a News Release. I have not transcribed additional informative paragraphs which describe the IACIS and the more than 150 different law anforcement agencies which have sent their "best computer specialists to our training conferences ... since 1991. ]
P.P.B CHIEF'S OFFICE  TEL: 503-823-0342       Aug. 18, 95  16.15  City of Portland, Oregon, Bureau of Police
Vera Katz, Mayor,
Charles A. Moose, Chief of Police
1111 SW 2nd Ave..
Portland Oregon 97204
Lieutenant C.W. Jensen
Public Information  Officer
phone: 503 -823-0010
Digital Pager : 790-1779	      August 18, 1995
NEWS RELEASE
CHIEF MOOSE TO OPEN 6TH ANNUAL  IACIS TRAINING CONFERENCE
Annual IACIS Training Conference at the Hilton Hotel  in Portland on Monday, August 21, 1995 at 10,00 a.m. IACIS is the acronym for the International Association of Computer Investigative Specialists, headquartered here in Oregon.
Bureau, and specializes in training law enforcement officers in the proper methods of seizing computers from criminals, and then extracting items of evidence. Computers are the crime scenes of the future, and require special training to seize and examine.  The conference will begin with a series of mock computer raids on August 21, 1995, and end on September 1, 1995, with information on the latest technological changes the investigators need to worry about.
from as far away as Australia, and the major agencies such as the FBI, DEA, Secret Service, IRS Internal Security, and the Georgia Bureau of Investigation will be represented.
regarding computer crime investigations, contact Sgt. Tom Seipert at the Hilton hotel, 274-4087. He will be at this number Friday August 18th as well as Saturday and Sunday, August 19th and 20th.
Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972

@_date: 1995-09-19 11:22:00
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: ASCII unabomber paper attribution and FTP address 
N.B. unabomber paper is is via JYA_lbr.  Also available via FTP

@_date: 1995-09-22 08:15:08
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: No Subject 
I just received the following email message:
   I just concluded a small number of trades whereby I purchased cb$ with US$
   at the rate of US$8 per cb$100. An obvious concern with ticker tapes is the
   loss of privacy. The truly paranoid should avoid even posting exchange
   rates, but even regular folks might want to avoid the details of each of
   their transactions.
I still think a ticker tape to ecm with concluded transactions and
bids taking place on the electronic cash market web pages is useful.
I don't want to spend time polling various exchanges.  The ticker tape
could also be used to do arbitrage between exchanges.
The names of the participants can be omitted to protect anonymity of
traders.  Besides, if the traders really want to protect anonymity
they'll be working through remailers or TCP tunnels.
The exchange SHOULD be listed on the ticker tape, so that people
wanting to trade can find the spot where they can make the trade.
This then serves as an advertising means for the exchanges which are
offering the best prices and volume, etc.
In any transaction one of the two parties will have wished they'd
known the market price, if the price of the transaction is not at the
market price.
This ignores the value of the reputation of the parties involved, etc.
So I propose that transactions and offers be sent to ecm in the
following form:
E= US= BUY-OFFER|SELL-OFFER|CONCLUDED DATE TIME serial# EUID=
which is more or less the original syntax for ecm, substituting the
exhange UID for the email address of the person making the offer.
As usual the syntax is optional, so you should feel free to append
other information as you'd like (expiration date, method of concluding
transaction, etc.)
Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972
(To subscribe to ecm, send email to ecm-request with the
word subscribe in the body.  A digest version is available at

@_date: 1995-09-22 11:13:25
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Worms and New Netscape Bug 
Although Netscape will certainly fix their new bugs, it's likely that
many old copies will remain on computers on the net, and the holes
will remain.
Netscape could "fight" against this with a modified worms/webcrawler
which looks for blatantly dangerous domain names in URLs and reports
them to "CERT" or blockware companies like Surfwatch.  For example,
they'd find the foo* link at the bottom of My page
Not a complete solution obviously (e.g. the server could selectively
reply to requests, and hide from the webcrawler IP).
What happens when someone using the AOL browser clicks on one of these
HREF's... does it crash all of AOL?
Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972

@_date: 1995-09-24 10:46:20
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Re: macworld crypto articles 
For the next version, include PGP free with every version of Quicken,
and have Quicken just "call" PGP.
Of course, users can encrypt their files now with PGP.  Is there an
Intuit bboard where someone could post instructions?

@_date: 1995-09-24 13:45:04
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Piggybacking 
By leveraging on the popularity of Quicken and people's insecurities
about their financial data cypherpunks might be able to spread PGP and
SecureDrive technology more rapidly.
If I were a marketing manager at a startup selling SecureDrive, for
example, I'd suggest trying to exploit the above by selling my product
as "QuickxxSecure" which would install after Quicken, make the secure
drive, move quicken there, etc.  It would then sell in a box with a
graphical design (e.g. white stripe on red box, to blend nicely with
Intuit's red on white) that Egghead would want to put it on the shelf
right next to Quicken.
Cypherpunks with a crypto-anarchic agenda might "package" shareware in
a way that would exploit the same principles.  Surely, a bigger market
than people using EMACS RMAIL. Concurrent VLSI Arch. Group     545 Technology Sq., Rm. 610
MIT AI Lab                      Cambridge, MA 02139 (617)-253-0972

@_date: 1995-09-28 14:57:39
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: NPR reports on Digital Express Secure Telephone 
Digital Express coverage on NPR.  Seastrom and Shiller(sp?) talking
over a powerbook using PGPPhone.  Demonstrating secure telephones!
Edward Appel, director of counterintelligence FBI representative on
National Security Council is quoted.  "It's very easy for a criminal
or a terrorist of a spy to use this for their advantage."
Reporter "You can connect to an MIT computer and get pgp-phone, you
have MIT Press 900 page book from PGP!  "You can carry that book with you,
anywhere you want in the world... Export control laws don't cover
Hal Abelson, MIT advisor to MIT press, etc, etc, ...
Appel "It's clearly not some weird form of poetry.  It is source code,
it is a program, ... if you can use it to tell the computer what to do
then it is part of the machine itself..."
The authors of PGP say "The real threat is that this technology is not
distributed widely enough..."

@_date: 1995-09-29 14:07:33
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: SOFTWARE: Filtering ads out of popular web sites 
On the subject of HTTP proxies, [SEVERAL FWD'S DELETED, ENTERTAINING SUBJECTS RETAINED]
- - - Begin forwarded message - - -
Several popular web sites have recently turned to putting advertising
gifs on their pages. NoShit is a tool that filters these out so that
you don't see them - in fact, you don't even download them in the
first place, thus saving time, money and brain capacity.
NoShit is implemented as a set of patches against Cern httpd to turn
it into a "filtering proxy server". This means that the proxy
maintains a list of URL templates together with corresponding filter
scripts. When a document is requested form the proxy that matches one
of the templates, then the page is piped through the corresponding
script before being presented to the client. This works together with
caching, if desired.
The idea is to run your own personalized NoShit proxy server and point
your browser to it. The proxy does the filtering; the browser doesn't
even know about it. This scheme works with every browser.
I have written a ready-to-use library of filter scripts for a couple
of well known, ad-infected sites, including Yahoo, Lycos, Netscape,
HotWired, CNN, Infoseek and NandO Times. You can change these or add
your own very easily.
                (Germany)
                (California)
  Axel
- - - End forwarded message - - -

@_date: 1995-10-31 05:06:25
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: [joanne@theory.lcs.mit.edu: MIT TOC SEMINAR--DAN BONEH--Thursday, November 2--4:15pm!!] 
Reply-To: theory-seminars-request
                       MIT TOC SEMINAR
                 Thursday, November 2, 1995
       Refreshments at 4:00pm, Talk at 4:15pm in NE43-518
       ``Quantum Cryptoanalysis of Hidden Linear Forms''
                        by Dan Boneh
                    Princeton University
                         ABSTRACT
Recently there has been a great deal of interest in the power of
Quantum Computers. The driving force is the recent beautiful result of
Shor that shows that discrete log and factoring are solvable in random
quantum polynomial time. We use a method similar to Shor's to obtain a
general theorem about quantum polynomial time. We show that any
cryptosystem based on what we refer to as a `hidden linear form' can
be broken in quantum polynomial time. Our results imply that the
discrete log problem is doable in quantum polynomial time over any
group including Galois fields and elliptic curves.
Joint work with Richard Lipton.
Host: Shafi Goldwasser

@_date: 1995-10-12 10:47:17
@_author: Rich Lethin 
@_subject: Privsoft 
I hope Mr. Orrin has his asbestos codpiece well positioned.
