
@_date: 1994-08-15 22:55:41
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Bay Area Gnu Picnic... 
Who: People who like or work on the GNU system.  Perhaps you.
What: A GNU picnic on the beach.  With grill, music, and filking.
When: Sunday August 21 from 4pm pm to sunset and beyond.
Where: Half Moon Bay beach.  More precisely, ...
Why: To have fun and get to know other people who use and work on GNU.
Please bring:
* Musical instruments. (ie. drums, flutes, and anything that makes a noise)
* Frisbies and other suitable toys.
* CDs and tapes to play. unset and beyon.
* Blankets and towels for swimming (it's gonna be cold though :).
* Food.  Bring something you'd like to grill.  Also bring another item
according to your last name.  If your last name  starts with A
through H, bring cooked veggies or salad.  If your last name starts
with I through P, bring dessert.  If your last name starts with Q
through Z, bring two quarts of a non-alcoholic beverage.  If your last
name starts with anything else, bring a dragon to grill the food.  (If
no one brings a dragon, we'll use charcoal.)
Note that there are some fresh fish stores in Half Moon Bay and there
is also a fresh veggie stand on the road to the beach. So you could possibly pick up something to bring "on the way".
Note: tabouli containing more cracked wheat than parsley is strictly

@_date: 1994-08-22 21:47:53
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re:  EPIC Statement on FBI Wiretap Bill 
Good show, my man! At least some group is taking a stand other
than the short-changed stand that the EFF has taken. How do I join EPIC? Glad I never joined the EFF....

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:00:04
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re:  PRIVACY REGULATIONS 
I just always remember that the cop has the gun, I don't.

@_date: 1994-09-19 00:12:45
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: art encryption... 
Well, it looks like I have to delve into this subject as I should
really know what's available for signing art.
Some poeple are concerned that art via the net is going to be ripped off,
abused, and any other sort of horra you can think of *if* people share digital images of their works via the Internet (WWW, ftp, newsgroups, et all).
So, I have been thinking that a way an artist can insure a viewer that the art they are viewing is really that of the artist, the artist can *sign* their
art with their private key and others can check it with their public key.
Now, the art would be factered into the key generated that others would check with the public key.
So, a image file (gif, jpeg, tiff whatever) would be run through a encryption
coding that would generate a signage based on the artist's image and their private key. The image would remain unchanged. Then viewers could run the
same encyription coding on the image and apply the artist's public key
to see if it really *is* their work....
I don't know if this is the best way to do something like this and
I sure am not much of a programmer... :)  But it would be interesting
to find if you think this is possible.
Any other ideas on work authenticy would be appreciated. The main goal here
is to let people view the work and if they *really* want to make sure
the artist posted it, they could check it with PGP... or the like.
Hopefully, people could catch art abuse and let the artist know about it.
I myself have my art on the net as "share art" and people can do what they
like with the images as long as they don't use them commercially without contacting me first. Also if they really alter an image, to say it's been
manipulated and the orig can be found at say art.net. I realize that some
folks may abuse these images of paintings I have done but I feel that what
I gain by sharing makes up for it all. Unfortunately, this isn't the case with other artists and alot of them
are not ready for this concept of sharing and letting go. They become terrified that their works might be open to the terrors I have mentioned.
I want to give these artists a method that will make them feel more comfortable about sharing digital images....  Such a method will also help shoot down the marketeering, blood sucking,
types of slippery jerks I run into who try and scare artists from sharing
on the net. One fellow had the nerve to scare two artists away from art.net
with copywrite arguments and abuse issues and then in some crazy way, he
convenced them to pay him $ to provide the same service with no security
messures ither. Blows my mind that they went for it... sigh.....
This type of undermining will not help artists and I want to fight back.
This jerk also is probably scared of art.net because we are offering
to help teach artists how to put their stuff up with html, are offering a free space for them to create and share in, and are asking them to teach others the same. We are wanting to help other sites come up on the
net and do the same. We're totally non-profit. This jerk couldn't understand
why I would barter a painting for a years worth of Internet connection for
art.net. He asked, "What do you get out of it?". I just shook my head...
Sigh... thanks for your help in advance and check out "Art on the Net" if you
get the chance... (
Lile Elam
founder and one of the webmasters of "Art on the Net"

@_date: 1994-09-21 15:11:53
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re: MAIL: crime and remailers 
Wow, this just re-inforces my feelings that RSA is scum and Bidzos
is at the heart of it and is extream slime and crud...  I hated this jerk
the first time I met him at a cypherpunks meeting some time ago...
Wouldn't it wonderful if he would just crawl back under that scum rock
that he came from...
Maybe a sniper will hit him someday and free us from having to co-exist
with this jerk...  It sure is good to know that people don't live forever...
I just had a terrible thought... what if he's *not* human!!!!
the horror, the horror...

@_date: 1994-09-21 16:34:24
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re: MAIL: crime and remailers 
Yes! I would feel like the air was cleaner and the skies bluer. :)

@_date: 1995-01-01 13:21:15
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: good news about the EFF... 
This might be of interest:
 ---------- Forwarded message ----------
 Date: Tue, 20 Dec 1994 17:04:23 -0800
 From: brock (Brock N. Meeks)
 To: cwd-l
 Subject: CWD Changes in the Wind At EFF
 CyberWire Dispatch // Copyright (c) 1994 //
 Jacking in from the "Back to the Future" Port:
 Washington, DC -- The Electronic Frontier Foundation has fired its Policy
 Director Jerry Berman and will soon release a sweeping new agenda for 1995
 that promises to return the organization to its original grassroots
 beginning.
 Asked to comment on his firing, Berman bristles and says:  "I think that's
 baloney." Then he quickly adds:  "Did you ever think I might have wanted to
 leave?"
 Berman has, in fact, left EFF, to head a new, as yet unannounced, policy
 group called the Center for Democracy and Technology.  His departure from
 EFF and the creation of CDT will be made public this week in a joint
 announcement with EFF, sources said.  The official line that will be spun
 to the public is that the two came to a "mutual parting of the ways."
 That benign statement, however, doesn't reflect the long hours of the
 behind the scenes deliberations, in which the language of the press
 releases will be a cautiously worded as an official State Department
 briefing.
 Heroes and pioneers always take the arrows;  EFF lately has looked more
 like a pin-cushion than its self-appointed role as protector of all things
 Cyberspace.  The beleaguered organization has over the course of the past
 two years endured often withering criticism from the very frontier citizens
 it was sworn to uphold and protect.
 The reason:  A perceived move away from its grassroots activism to the role
 of a consummate Washington Insider deal maker.
 Berman is the man largely responsible for cutting EFF's policy cloth.  He
 wears the suit well.  Maybe too well.  Although he has the political acumen
 to arm-wrestle inside-the-beltway, it comes at the expense of his
 management style, EFF insiders said.  Those shortcomings came at the
 expense of EFF's day-to-day operations and didn't go unnoticed by its board
 of directors.
 The EFF board in October fired Berman for mismanaging the group's
 organizational and fiscal responsibilities.  No impropriety or malfeasance
 was alleged, the board was simply dissatisfied with Berman's day-to-day
 managing of the shop.
 In a precursor to the board's October decision, it split Berman's job,
 giving him charge of just the policy arm, which board members said played
 to his strength.  They then hired Andrew Taubman as executive director to
 oversee the day to day tasks.
 Separate from the organizational and fiscal misgivings, the board also
 couldn't brook with priority on policy affairs that Berman had engineered.
 Although Berman expertly navigated EFF through the choppy political waters
 of Washington, that course increasingly steered the organization away from
 its original vision as a populist group.
 Never was the hardcore policy-driven slant of EFF more apparent than during
 the two-plus year political firestorm that surrounded the FBI's infamous
 Digital Wiretap.
 The political wrangling during that time, in which Berman brokered the
 influence of EFF with the backing of the telephone, computer and software
 industries, to reach a compromise with legislators and the FBI on the
 bill's language, increasingly drove a wedge between the organization and
 its grassroots membership.
 Nobody within EFF interviewed for this article disagreed with how Berman
 ran his policy tour de force.  In fact, the board was generally in
 agreement that Berman did an excellent job in helping to broker a less
 nefarious version of the FBI's wiretap bill than would have otherwise
 passed without his involvement on EFF's behalf.
 As effective as Berman was in shuffling between the political and
 ideological interests of EFF and its members, the "inside baseball"
 political bullshit was largely lost on the community of the Net, who viewed
 it as a kind of betrayal.
 The fact that there would be a backlash from the Net came as no surprise to
 Berman and EFF, who recognized the fine line they had to walk in dealing
 with a politically charged issue rivaled only by the Administration's
 insipid Clipper Chip encryption policy.
 You see, the Net community is a binary braintrust, a world of ones and
 zeros -- either on or off -- in which shades of grey are rarely an option.
 Yet it is exactly these shades of grey in which Berman excels and thrives.
 It is a skill --  and damn near an art form -- to be able to move among the
 shadows and Washington's land of a thousand different agendas.  And that's
 right where Berman had steered EFF.
 However, it's not where the EFF board thought the organization belonged.
 And so, in a few days the Net community will read a grand announcement in
 which EFF and Jerry Berman state they've had a "mutual parting of the
 ways."    The announcement will be several fold, including:
 -- The formation of  Berman's new Center for Democracy and Technology.
 -- That EFF has hired current board member David Johnson, currently a
    computer law attorney with the Washington law firm of Wilmer, Cutler and
    Pickering, to be its new policy director, although that exact title has
    yet to be finalized.
 -- A new policy agenda for EFF that includes creation of an annual "State
    of the Net" report.
 EFF Executive Director Taubman declined to comment on Berman's firing,
 saying only that the organization and its former director had, indeed,
 agreed to a "mutual parting of the ways."    He said EFF and Berman's new
 group would continue to work closely with each other and that the efforts
 of each would be mutually beneficial.
 Johnson said he was excited about the new policy efforts he would be
 heading up for EFF, which, in addition to the "State of the Net" report,
 includes commissioning papers and studies to help build a more solid idea
 of what exactly constitutes the Net "community" on a global basis and
 helping to define the Net's community as recognizable legal entity.
 In addition to the new policy efforts, Johnson will have to restock EFF's
 policy department:  All the EFF policy wonks have jumped ship, resigning
 their positions and joining with Berman's new venture.
 The upheaval at EFF -- which included moving the entire operation here to
 new digs in Washington -- apparently hasn't hurt moral which has "never
 been higher," Taubman said.
 Underscoring Taubman's remarks is EFF's on-line legal council Mike Godwin,
 who said the changes "create an opportunity for us to return to our more
 populist mission and vision that we started with."
 All Things Being Equal
 =================
 Adversity for a political junkie is the warp and woof  of  Washington
 culture.  Berman is no worse for the wear, having parachuted out of EFF and
 into his new organization. He said CDT will be differ from EFF "on what to
 emphasize."  That emphasis will be to focus on "on the ground public
 policy," he said.
 And it won't only be Berman's staff that sets the scene for familiarity as
 he jump starts CDT.  The former EFF policy staffers will supply him with
 horsepower and his political currency will open doors.  But he needs cold
 hard cash to feed the troops and pay the rent.
 That means his new organization must have financial backing and here, too,
 there are no strangers.  Berman's bringing along a fair chunk of EFF's
 corporate sponsors to his new home.
 Companies providing seed money to Berman's CDT include AT&T, Bell Atlantic,
 Nynex, Apple Computer and Microsoft.  These same companies provided a
 combined $235,000 in donations to EFF in 1993, minus Nynex, which wasn't
 listed as a major donor (over $5,000) on EFF's tax returns.
 It's not known if these companies will continue to fund EFF in full or in
 part or what amount they have pledged to Berman's group.  Just how
 well-heeled CDT is and exactly who makes up the full roster of its
 sponsorship remains to be seen.  We'll know that after the organization
 files its first tax returns, which will be a matter of public record.
 Meeks out...

@_date: 1995-01-01 22:49:38
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: I'm back. :) 
Hi folks,
I finally got back on cypherpunks. Have been incredibly busy
but wanted to keep intouch as several artist friends of mine
want to start using art as a encryption vehical... Should be
Happy New Years. Let's hope it's a good one for cryptography. Lile Elam	    |  "a brush in hand, a wisp of wind, she sighs lile        |   knowing that this will be the great one..."	
  |						    -lile

@_date: 1995-01-02 00:55:30
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Re: Exporting cryptographic materials, theory vs. practice 
But what if that plane crashed...
It's better to spread people out over several flights...

@_date: 1995-02-12 21:22:34
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: bill alert... 
Do you think this will force folks into using encryption?
If I was a sysop, I sure would have all my users using
encryption... :)
Lile Elam	    |  "a brush in hand, a wisp of wind, she sighs lile        |   knowing that this will be the great one..."	
  |						    -lile
                       -> EMA ALERT <-
            News For and About the Members of the
               ELECTRONIC MESSAGING ASSOCIATION
                February 3, 1995 -- Number 18
EMA ALERT is published and copyrighted (1995) by the
Electronic Messaging Association.  Permission to reproduce
and/or redistribute with attribution is hereby given to all
EMA members.  For more information about anything in EMA
ALERT, contact EMA via e-mail - use either X.400 (S=info;
O=ema; A=mci; C=us) or Internet (info address,
facsimile (1-703-524-5558), or telephone (1-703-524-5550).
Any EMA staff member can be addressed directly via e-mail by
using, for X.400, G=; S=; O=ema; A=mci;
C=us, and, for Internet, EMA's postal address is 1655 N. Fort Myer Dr. Arlington, VA 22209 USA.
------ End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-02-13 01:00:13
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: you are invited... 
it's annual Valentines Party on Valentines Day and we would love to have you join us in the celebrations. for this feastive occasion. Anyone showing up at the door "overdressed" will not be given entry to this event. I suggest visiting Victoria's Secret
as they are having sales on their silky lingerie... :)
               (we're a veggie co-op :) and any drinks. We will
Hope to see you there...
Lile Elam	    |  "a brush in hand, a wisp of wind, she sighs lile        |   knowing that this will be the great one..."	
  |						    -lile

@_date: 1995-08-24 15:08:01
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: EPIC states FBI files concluded that Clipper must be mandatory (fwd) 
This was interesting...
----- Begin Included Message -----

@_date: 1995-10-09 17:32:13
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Coming Out Party! 
celebrating (our new housemate) Joyce Fortune's tenth anniversary of coming out as a lesbian. She has since become bi and celebrates bi'ness with the rest of us here at our veggie co-op.
Come in costume as butch or fem (lingerie is most desired). All uncostumed guests will be bounced by our tall african-american femmi bouncer (Go Frankie!). The particulars:
                you might desire...

@_date: 1996-11-25 12:13:22
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Where do I send this to get them stopped? 
Hi all,
How can we stop such aweful programs? Is there a group I
can send this to who trouble shoots spam?
(a webmaster

@_date: 1996-12-17 16:01:31
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Computer crime prompts new parole restrictions 
Hi all,
I saw this article in the nando.net paper today and was interested in
your thoughts on it. It looks like people on probation will be limited in there use of encryption and access to the Internet.
To me, it seems like this could be equated to preventing people on probabtion from using something like a phone. I am
having problems with it because I feel these limitations are too
severe. I mean, a good way someone on probabtion to make a living
is to learn how to use the web and prehaps get a job as a html
There is a hacker I know of (Kevin Poulsen) who is prevented from using computers during his current probation and it really has limited his options alot. I curated and maintain a website for him at URL:
where this issue is dicussed.
It also seems to me that preventing people on probation from using encryption would be difficult especially when encryption is used
in webservers (ie Netscapes Secure Server). One could accidentally access one and not know that he was sending/receiving information
via an encrypted channel.

@_date: 1997-03-20 12:48:31
@_author: Lile Elam 
@_subject: Isn't this like a bad idea? 
Hi folks,
Selling email addresses seems to me to be a bad idea. Wouldn't
it be better to have people sign up instead of this? I mean,
it looks like this is for spammers.
Who can I contact about this abuse?
Comments: Authenticated sender is Hello, and sorry to bug you...
If you are not a business owner, we apologize.
For Sale:  1 MILLION E-MAIL ADDRESSES FOR $95.00
or 2million for $ 155.00 - or 3 million for $ 195.00
Available on 3.5" disk or e-mail download.
These are fresh lists, no BS...plain ASCI format, one per line.
This is a one time mailing, you will not be contacted again.
Send check or money order to:
YMR - ADDRESS LIST
P.O. Box 654
Marysville, Ca 95901
( please specify, if you want 3.5" disk or have it sent via e-mail as *.zip file)
                        Questions? call Mick at (916) 741-2622
                 TO BE PROMTLY REMOVED, TYPE "REMOVE"
