
@_date: 1996-10-26 00:03:37
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: You are now subscribed to the COOL_TRAVELS list 
Sat, 26 Oct 1996 02:03:21
Your subscription to  Continental Online (COOL) Travel  Specials has been
confirmed. Please  keep this E-mail  as it contains  important infomation
about the list you've joined.
There are two distinct e-mail addresses that you should be aware of.
1.  listserv  address:  LISTSERV 2.  mailing  list
address: COOL_TRAVELS
The first address:
This  is  a  non-human,  administrative,  automatic-reply  address.  This
address works  similar to a telephone  voice response system. You  dial a
specific  number to  connect  to  the voice  response  system, enter  the
command/option to  complete a specific  task. There  is not an  option to
chat with  the voice response  system. Similarly, the address  above does
not recognize anything but pre-defined commands.
When you send E-mail to LISTSERV with a command in
the message body, LISTSERV will reply to you with a
pre-defined response  to your command.  Commands are not  case sensitive,
and the "subject:" field does not matter.
Here are some useful commands.
subscribe cool_travels  firstname lastname  (To subscribe to  the mailing
list   cool_travels  or   overwrite  your   existing  account   with  new
unsubscribe cool_travels (To unsubscribe the cool_travels list)
For security reasons, when you  unsubscribe/signoff the list will ask you
for a confirmation. When you  receive the confirmation, use your mailer's
"reply" feature and type OK, and nothing else, in the reply message. This
is meant to verify  that you really do want to be  removed from the list.
LISTSERV will  notify you  once the operation  is successful.  Please *DO
NOT* include the original confirmation message in your OK reply.
Again, send commands only to LISTSERV
The second important address is:
This is  the mailing list  that will  bring you discounts  and promotions
from Continental Airlines. This is a one-way, announce-only mailing list.
It does  not accept mail postings  from the subscribers. Please  do *NOT*
reply to the messages sent to you from this mailing list. If you need any
assistance, please send an E-mail to:
with COOL_TRAVELS  in the "subject:"  field. We  will be happy  to assist

@_date: 1996-10-26 00:05:17
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Welcome to Continental Airlines COOL_TRAVELS 
Thank you for subscribing to COOL (Continental On-line) Travel Specials.
With your subscription you should receive a weekly E-mail featuring
Continental Airlines specials and promotions.
This is a post only list.  That means the list does not accept new or reply
mail.  Please do not send mail to the list.  All postings from subscribers will
be automatically discarded.  Please refer to your confirmation mail for
information on leaving the list and contacting the webmaster.
We plan to send notices out on Wednesdays.  However, we cannot
guarantee delivery on a specific day due to any unforseen Internet
problems, which we have no control over.
Thanks again for subscribing to COOL Travel Specials from Continental

@_date: 1996-10-26 01:54:52
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Command confirmation request (203E30) 
Your command:
                          SIGNOFF COOL_TRAVELS
has been received. For security reasons, you are now required to reply to
this  message, as  explained  below,  to confirm  the  execution of  your
command. If  you have problems with  this procedure, you can  contact the
list owner directly  (COOL_TRAVELS-request and ask
to be manually removed from the list.
To confirm  the execution of  your command,  simply reply to  the present
message and type  "ok" (without the quotes) as the  text of your message.
Just the word "ok" - do not  retype the command. This procedure will work
with any mail  program that fully conforms to the  Internet standards for
electronic  mail. If  you receive  an error  message, try  sending a  new
message  to  LISTSERV  (without using  the  "reply"
function - this  is very important) and  type "ok 203E30" as  the text of
your message.
Finally,  your command  will be  cancelled  automatically if  you do  not
confirm it  within 48h. After that  time, you must start  over and resend
the command to get  a new confirmation code. If you  change your mind and
decide that  you do NOT want  to confirm the command,  simply discard the
present message and let the command expire on its own.

@_date: 1996-10-26 01:53:10
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Your message to COOL_TRAVELS-request@LISTSERV.XWEB.EDS.COM 
Sat, 26 Oct 1996 03:52:44
Your  message  to   COOL_TRAVELS-request  has  been
forwarded to  the "list owners"  (the people who manage  the COOL_TRAVELS
list).  If you  wanted  to reach  a  human being,  you  used the  correct
procedure and you  can ignore the remainder of this  message. If you were
trying to send a command for the computer to execute, please read on.
The COOL_TRAVELS list is managed  by a LISTSERV server. LISTSERV commands
should    always    be   sent    to    the    "LISTSERV"   address,    ie
LISTSERV LISTSERV never  tries to process messages
sent to  the COOL_TRAVELS-request address;  it simply forwards them  to a
human being, and acknowledges receipt with the present message.
The "listname-request" convention originated on  the Internet a long time
ago. At  the time, lists were  always managed manually, and  this address
was defined as an alias for the  person(s) in charge of the mailing list.
You would write to the  "listname-request" address to ask for information
about the list, ask  to be added to the list,  make suggestions about the
contents and policy, etc. Because this  address was always a human being,
people  knew and  expected to  be  talking to  a  human being,  not to  a
computer.  Unfortunately, some  recent  list  management packages  screen
incoming  messages  to  the  "listname-request" address  and  attempt  to
determine whether they are requests to  join or leave the list. They look
for words such as "subscribe", "add",  "leave", "off", and so on. If they
decide your message is  a request to join or leave  the list, they update
the list automatically;  otherwise, they forward the message  to the list
owners. Naturally, this means that if  you write to the list owners about
someone else's  unsuccessful attempts to  leave the list, you  stand good
chances of  being automatically removed  from the list, whereas  the list
owners will never receive your message. No one really benefits from this.
There is no  reliable mechanism to contact a human  being for assistance,
and you can never  be sure whether your request will  be interpreted as a
command or as a message to the list owners. This is why LISTSERV uses two
separate addresses, one for the people in  charge of the list and one for
the computer  that runs it.  This way you  always know what  will happen,
especially if you are writing in a language other than English.
In  any case,  if your  message was  a LISTSERV  command, you  should now
resend it  to LISTSERV  The list owners  know that
you have  received this message and  may assume that you  will resend the
command  on your  own. You  will find  instructions for  the most  common
administrative requests below.
* TO LEAVE THE LIST *
Write to LISTSERV and, in  the text of your message
(not the subject line), write: SIGNOFF COOL_TRAVELS
* TO JOIN THE LIST *
Write to LISTSERV and, in  the text of your message
(not the subject line), write: SUBSCRIBE COOL_TRAVELS
* FOR MORE INFORMATION *
Write to LISTSERV and, in  the text of your message
(not the  subject line),  write: "HELP" or  "INFO" (without  the quotes).
HELP will give you a short help  message and INFO a list of the documents
you can order.

@_date: 1996-10-26 07:41:49
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Command confirmation request (7B3F47) 
Your command:
                          SIGNOFF COOL_TRAVELS
has been received. For security reasons, you are now required to reply to
this  message, as  explained  below,  to confirm  the  execution of  your
command. If  you have problems with  this procedure, you can  contact the
list owner directly  (COOL_TRAVELS-request and ask
to be manually removed from the list.
To confirm  the execution of  your command,  simply reply to  the present
message and type  "ok" (without the quotes) as the  text of your message.
Just the word "ok" - do not  retype the command. This procedure will work
with any mail  program that fully conforms to the  Internet standards for
electronic  mail. If  you receive  an error  message, try  sending a  new
message  to  LISTSERV  (without using  the  "reply"
function - this  is very important) and  type "ok 7B3F47" as  the text of
your message.
Finally,  your command  will be  cancelled  automatically if  you do  not
confirm it  within 48h. After that  time, you must start  over and resend
the command to get  a new confirmation code. If you  change your mind and
decide that  you do NOT want  to confirm the command,  simply discard the
present message and let the command expire on its own.

@_date: 1996-10-26 07:44:05
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Output of your job "cypherpunks" 
You have been removed from the COOL_TRAVELS list.
Summary of resource utilization
 CPU time:        0.016 sec                Device I/O:        1
 Overhead CPU:    0.008 sec                Paging I/O:        0
 CPU model:        IP22

@_date: 1996-10-28 07:00:24
@_author: "L-Soft list server@EDS (1.8b 
@_subject: Command confirmation request cancelled 
Your command:
                             SIGNOFF COOL_TRAVELS
has remained unconfirmed  for more than 48h and is  being cancelled. If you
did want it executed but were unable to send the confirmation in time, just
re-issue the command to get a new  confirmation code. The one you were sent
before can no longer be used.
