
@_date: unknown_date
@_author: "Quid coniuratio est?" 
@_subject: Sampler: July 25 
The serial killer does in one person at a time in
intervals. The mass killer murders however many in a
single mad rampage. The mass killer is usually suicidal.
The serial killer isn't.
Q. Does any animal deliberately stalk human beings for
A. None but the polar bear. At least, such is the claim
of the experts.
LMBoyd Web Site / U. S. Newspapers / Start Email / Stop Email
"Of course!"
A Player To Be Named Later slapped his forehead, amazed that he
had not seen the connection sooner between the 'mass murderer,
serial killer stalking humans from the North' email, the Not-News
threat singling out "a billionaire to be named later,"
and the email sent to the Internet Content Coalition players just
before they held the meeting where they effectively folded their
hand in their attempt to take over control over defining what
was 'official' news on the InterNet, and what was not.
He reread, once again, the anonymous post sent just hours before
the Internet Content Coalition's grand agenda bit the dust:
"In July, Anson Ng, a reporter for the Financial Times
of London was shot and KILLED in Guatemala. He had reportedly been trying
to interview an American there named Jimmy Hughes, a one-time
director of security for the Cabazon Indian Reservation secret
"In April, a Philadelphia attorney named Dennis Eisman was
found DEAD, killed by a single bullet in his chest. According to a former
federal official who worked with Eisman, the attorney was found
dead in the parking lot where he had been due to meet with a woman
who had crucial evidence to share substantiating Riconosciuto's claims.
"Both Eisman's and Ng's deaths were declared 'suicides' by
"Fred Alvarez, a Cabazon tribal leader who was in vocal opposition
to the developments on the reservation, was found SHOT TO DEATH
WITH TWO FRIENDS in 1981. Their murder remains unsolved.
At last, the whole bizarre, implausible scenario finally came
together in A Player To Be Named Later's mind.
The Author's presence near the belly of the beast in Indio had
not been a mere coincidence. When the Internet Content Coalition
made their move, the Circle of Eunuchs already had the information
they needed to connect several of the players in the proposed
news cartel with the trail of deaths surrounding both those involved
in the INSLAW debacle and the reporters closing in on the real
story involved.
And they had made it more than plain that some of those involved
in the Wackenhut-Cabazon arms deals were now playing for the opposition...and
that bullets don't discriminate between the rich and the poor.
A Player To Be Named Later was still mystified as to how the Magic
Circle had been able to pull off such a bold, in-your-face maneuver
on some of the Titans of the news and computer industries.
In the early days, after the dissemination of "The Xenix
Chainsaw Massacre" had begun in 1989, the Circle of Eunuchs
had come under fierce attack from a variety of sources from within
the secret government hunting them. Mysterious deaths, established
careers going up in flames, overnight. The Magic Circle had quickly
disappeared far into the underground of computer society.
Then, the Circle had begun to show their hand, more and more,
now reaching the point where they could apparently do battle with
the heavyweights working behind the scenes with Gomez and the
Dark Allies. But A Player To Be Named Later hadn't seen any indication
that the Circle of Eunuchs had managed to gain possession of a
hole-card that could account for...unless...
"Casolaro!" A Player To Be Named Later whispered,
as if speaking the name aloud might bring down fire from the heavens.
Quickly, he did a disk search for a vaguely remembered article
from Conspiracy Nation...
From the Patriot Archives ftp site at: ftp://tezcat.com/patriot
Conspiracy Nation -- Vol. 3 Num.
("Quid coniuratio est?")
THE OCTOPUS
By Karen Bixman
(For The People *News Reporter*, 11/14/94)
On the morning of August 11, 1991, Danny Casolaro was found
dead in the bathroom of his hotel room at the Sheraton Hotel in Martinsburg, West Virginia. His wrists had been slashed ten times; his briefcase and notes were missing. The authorities labeled the death a suicide, and before Casolaro's family had
been contacted, the body was embalmed.
Damn! He had nailed it!
Karen Bixman's article had confirmed everything that A Player
To Be Named Later had increasingly suspected as his mind pored
over the mountain of information which had seemed so tentatively,
but treacherously, related.
Bixman had laid down an utterly astounding, twisted trail of closely
connected, mysterious deaths and blatant murders surrounding the
INSLAW and Iran-Contra misdeeds that completed the connections
between the past and current players in the battle for control
of world supremacy in computer information and communications.
What's more, the timing of the disappearance of Danny Casolaro's
extensive notes on the winding serpent of evil surrounding these
affairs coincided with the Magic Circle's unmistakable reentry
into manifest participation in the battle against the Evil One
and the Dark Forces under his command.
The Coupe de Gras, however, was the source of the Conspiracy Nation
Prairienet.org! From whence sprang the apparently unrelated Bureau42
clique who had seized the opportunity to host 'The True Story
of the InterNet' transcripts, despite the troubled and bloody
history of those who had done so in the past.
Bianca had mentioned to Mike Denney, at Basis Inc., that she had
been prepared to hack the Bureau42 servers when they came under
attack upon placing 'Part II' and 'Part III' on their system,
but that they had managed to clear up the problems that developed
on their own, and had done so in a surprisingly short period of
Only one thing was still bothering A Player To Be Named Later.
Microsoft had been the first member of the Internet Content Coalition
to publicly fold their hand in the battle to control news and
information ratings across the InterNet, but Gates seemed, on
the surface, to be less visibly connected to the extremely messy
past misconduct of the others, and thus seemed to have the least
to lose if the shit hit the fan.
Gate's quick concession to the veiled threats had definitely been
the catalyst in causing the hasty retreat of the other members
of the news cartel that had seemed to be on the drawing board
for quite some time in the plans of Gomez and the Dark Allies...but
Bill Gates had not become the richest and most overtly powerful
individual on the face of the earth by fighting against the grand
designs of the Evil One, but he seemed to be playing his cards
close to his chest, in a manner that suggested that he had an
agenda of his own that might not run exactly parallel to that
of the Dark Forces.
What was BillyG's game?
A Player To Be Named Later had been involved in the grand battle
taking place behind the scenes of everyday reality for long enough
to know that it was all done with mirrors.
"And each man, in his time, plays many parts." he
said, perplexed for the moment.
"To Shakespeare!" A Player To Be Named Later
said, lifting his glass in toast. "A member of the Magic
Circle, if there ever was one."
"If there ever was one..." he repeated, smiling
at his unintentional inside joke.
The Shadow was watching Bad BillyG closely, for any sign of subterfuge
in his inner demeanor.
"You're certain about Blanc Weber?" he asked,
once again.
"Well, I could be wrong, but we've investigated her thoroughly,
and every indication is that all that nonsense about her development
of the HydroCube is just that-nonsense."
BillyG shrugged his shoulders, apparently unconcerned with what
he regarded as a small, internal company matter.
"I could have her isolated, but I don't really see much
point. If she is hiding something, then it's probably better
not to let her know how closely she is being monitored. Perhaps
you should put some of the Dark Allies on her tail for a while,
in case there is something that my people have missed."
"No, I don't think that will be necessary." the
Shadow replied, casually.
He had instructed his men to monitor Blanc Weber's movements and
activities months ago, as well as those of the spooks Bad BillyG
had assigned to watch her. His own spooks had likewise turned
up nothing positive, but he had pressed the matter with Gates
in order to judge his reaction just the same.
"Well, her digital implant went according to plan,"
BillyG added, "so we will be able to yank her chain
on a moment's notice, if it becomes necessary to do so, in the
The "billionaire to be named later" sat back and allowed
himself to indulge in the luxury of looking forward to the moment
when A Player To Be Named Later would find out much, much more
than he really wanted to know about Bad BillyG's plans for the
tattered remnants of the Magic Circle who were attempting to interfere
with his own vision of the direction the future of the InterNet
should take at this nadir point in time, when the battle for control
of virtual reality was about to explode into every single facet
of human life
Bubba Rom Dos thought about the forefather of his technical namesake,
who had so far managed to walk with the Evil One as far as the
bridge in his rise to riches, fame and power a hundred years in
the past.
The Cowboy, Priscilla, Alexis, Jonathan, and d'Shauneaux were
likewise joined with him in contemplation of this paradoxical
figure from the past whose role in the great battle between the
Forces of Light and the Forces of Darkness had remained an enigma
throughout the history and legends of the Circle of Eunuchs.
Friend or foe, there was no denying that Billy the Kid was going
to play a major role in the direction that the thundering train
of history was about to take as it approached the crossroads of
destiny on its way to an ElectroMagnetic Future where freedom
would hinge on the free flow of Taoist bytes routing around the
enslaving chains of Fascist bits that Gomez and the Dark Allies
had been carefully laying in place since the dawn of the Computer
Bubba Rom Dos, sage and savant, deviant and derelict, raised a
glass of "Bubba's Special Reserve" in toast, proclaiming
as the tattered remnants of the Magic Circle joined him in his
libations, "To Billy the Kid...or Bad BillyG...to
the things that he did...or to what he may be..."
The Trei Transponder began softly humming in the background, as
if trying to tell the small assembly something very, very important
for them to know.
Then it fell silent...
Copyright "Anonymous TruthMonger "
"That's not a government backdoor .
It's a hacker's backdoor ."
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite
