
@_date: 1997-11-07 03:59:03
@_author: "R. Jason Cronk" 
@_subject: Re: Hughes Markets? (Was Re: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol) 
>Since it seems -- for the time being -- Eric was the first person to figure
While we do need a shorter name and I don't really care what name is used
to describe it, I do think somebody needs to figure out exactly what "it"
is.  Since I don't know what Eric Hughes was talking about at DEFCON IV, I
can't know whether his "it" is the same thing I'm talking about.
Especially since everybody else I've seen talking about "it" seems to leave
out what I think is the most important part -- value added.
So far I have yet to see anyone write a clear and concise article
describing the economic system we've been discussing.  I've tried, but to
date I haven't had the time.  I'm too busy trying to steer my business in
that directon to write about it.
I leave as an exercise for everyone, describe the difference between a
recursive geodesic auction market and a chain letter or a multi-level
marketing scheme (which I might add are rampant on the net).  What prevents
the latter from being a subset of the former?
Jason Cronk

@_date: 1997-11-07 22:48:34
@_author: "R. Jason Cronk" 
@_subject: Re: Hughes Markets? (Was Re: Copyright commerce and the street	 musician protocol) 
Most of my discussion on this subject took place in DCSB mailing list,
which I didn't cc to cypherpunks or cryptography
Anyway, the gist the most ERMs (Electronic Right Management) is that the
"unlocking" has to be integral with the playing.  In other words, you don't
pay for and then get an "unlocked" version on your computer, but rather the
player and decryption mechanism are integrated to the point that they can
be unintegrated.  Still this doesn't prevent one from sticking a microphone
up next to the speaker to pointing a camcorder at the video screen, but it,
in theory, prevents one from making an exact digital duplicate.
This is not to say that I agree that ERM will work.  I am of the impression
that market forces will negate the benefit of said system.  Its easy when
there are just a few media producers, but with hundreds of thousands vying
for attention, those that seek to control their content through ERM are at
a disadvantage in the marketspace.
Jason Cronk
