
@_date: 1997-10-17 04:53:23
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: pro-crypto govt. people 
Stick to words of one syllable. Hmmm...
"If you make words hard to read, bad men will not find you."
Try that. :)

@_date: 1997-10-23 07:37:11
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: PGP, Inc.--What were they thinking? 
My companies security policy is great -- I'm the only one who understands
the network. But it's a significant concern for most other people, I grant
One of the main differences between corporate and private crypto is that,
fundementally, your boss owns your work PC -- he's given it to you so that
you can do your job, not play Doom, or exchange sexy email with the gals in
the secretary pool (do they still have those?). I think most workers are
more productive and more loyal when they are NOT being spied on, but that's
an issue of ethics and efficiency, not of rights.
But your home computer...that's a very different story. That one is YOURS,
bought by you for your purposes, and no one -- not Uncle Sam, not Mr.
Dithers -- has a right to go prodding around in it.

@_date: 1997-11-04 07:23:48
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
Jews, of all the people on this planet, should be the last to burn books.
We have always been a nation of scholars and readers, and the only reason
we still exist as a people is because we kept our books sacred. A Jew may
violate any commandment to save his own life, save one -- he may not
desecrate the Torah. Our culture survived through two millennia of
persecution because we had books with which we kept it alive. That you are
a bookburner is sickening to me.
Please, convert or something. I have an Uncle who would be glad to tell you
all the benefits of becoming a Christian. The Muslims would probably love
you, too. Or consider Buddhism. Anything. Please. I admit to being an
agnostic, to eating pork, to never knowing quite when Yom Kippur is...but I
still have some tiny, thin, shreds of pride in my ancestry and my heritage.
You are a bookburner. That is enough for me.

@_date: 1997-11-05 09:27:42
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Why Jodi Hoffman must be called a 'Dumb Cunt' and told to 'Go Fuck Yourself' at all costs, by TruthMonger 
So, allying yourself with people who would gladly force *your* childen to
pray to *their* God doesn't bother you in the least. Fascinating.

@_date: 1997-11-06 02:39:21
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Why Jodi Hoffman.....makes more sense than you think. 
pray to *their* God doesn't bother you in the least. Fascinating.
But they've got the Sabbath on the wrong day. :)
And they certainly worship power more than they worship God, which is a
violation of  which is a hell of a
You follow the step-by-step instructions in the little blue Maxwell House
book with all the Hebrew words transliterarted into english syllables. Duh!
 Unless you're Orthodox, being Jewish
So, you're saying my formerly Greek Orthodox friend who converted to
Judaism (and who I call up when I need to remember what holiday is what
'cause she knows this stuff better than me) and goes to the only synagogue
in New York with a lesbian Rabbi isn't a good Jew? Or, for that matter, my
entire family? (Concervative Jews, except for my Uncle who got 'born again'
and is now a minister in Virginia or something. But he produced ample
grandchildren, so he was forgiven.)
Given the dominant number of Red Sea Pedestrians on this list, I doubt most
of the comments can be classed as anti-semetic. Anti-Jodi, perhaps -- but
unlike the Jews, you've earned every barb tossed at you.

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:14:43
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: 1st Ammendment Tossed in Paladin Case 
So this is a reversal of the earlier decision? Looks like this is heading
for the SC...I think the SC will uphold the right to publish it, as this
book in no way falls into the category of 'imminent incitement'.

@_date: 1997-11-13 07:19:45
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
More to the point, since Deja News will bring it up if you post to Usenet
with it, they become 'porn distributors'.

@_date: 1997-11-19 06:55:44
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Report on UN conference on Internet and racism 
Well, if that isn't a summary of 99% of non-netizens, I don't know what is...

@_date: 1997-12-18 04:09:13
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Clinton signs draconian antipiracy law, from the Netly News 
At rougly 15.00/CD, that is one CD every three days, more or less..not
utterly inconveivable, but a little difficult.
On the other hand, it's one or two pieces of software.

@_date: 1997-12-24 02:26:09
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
How is someone 'oppressed' by my choosing not to deal with him for some
reasons, but not for other reasons? Either way, he does not get my services.
I refuse to hire you because you are black -- you are oppressed.
I refuse to hire you because you're an Aquarius and my astrologer told me
not to hire Aquarians -- you are not oppressed.
I refuse to hire you because you're a Republican and I'm a Democrat, and I
don't think we'll work well together -- you are not oppressed.
But in all cases, you are not hired.
Explain the logic of this to me.
(Yes, it is perfectly legal to not hire someone based on star sign,
political affiliation, or having freckles.)
No human being has a right to compel service from another human being. If I
do not wish to engage in trade with you, that's my right. Would you be less
oppressed if I just closed up shop and refused to trade with ANYONE? The issue here is not expression, but association.
(Obviously, this does not apply in any area where there is government
involvement, such as civil service, access to public places, receipt of
government benefits, voting rights, public education, and the like.)

@_date: 1997-12-24 03:53:20
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: [Off topic]Discrimination 
In other words, rights belong to the collective, not to the individual. If
I deny Joe Smith a job for an 'approved' reason (which still has nothing to
do with his competence), then, too bad for Joe. But if I deny it for an
'unapproved' reason, equally unrelated to his competance, then I am denying
the job to ALL people who share that trait, everywhere. That's a
collectivist viewpoint.
Either a person -- a single, unique, individual -- has a right to compel
someone else to serve him, or he does not. The reasons for denying service
are irrelevant TO THAT INDIVIDUAL.
All of which is fine, but why should it be compelled? Didn't you once say
that liberalism made the assumption that we were basically moral and should
be free to act, rather than the conservative view that we were basically
immoral and should be restrained?
So what good does this do the person dicriminated against, if there is NOT
a 'pattern' of it? He's still out of a job. This is the key point:It is the
INDIVIDUAL that matters. There are no groups. There are only individuals. A job, or an offer of
goods or services, occurs between individuals -- not groups. If I am denied
employment, YOUR bank account does not shrink. If you are granted a high
paying job, I do not get rich. My hunger is not yours;yours is not mine. Further, every individual has a right to choose who they will and will not
associate with, based on whatever criteria they wish. I don't date mundanes
(non-fen). While the inability to have me as a boyfriend is no great loss,
I am nonetheless 'discriminating' against a large %age of the female
population (and 100% of the male population, FWIW). (Granted, a far larger
%age of the female population discriminates against me, as they refuse to
date overweight, unattractive, socially inept nerds. Whom do I sue?)
Most people would claim not associating with me is liberating, not oppressing.
How is person 'a' oppressed because person 'b' decides, for whatever
reason, not to like them?

@_date: 1998-02-12 09:57:03
@_author: Lizard 
@_subject: Re: "Corporations selling your ass down the road for a dollar" 
I've been saying that for a long time. I'm not 100% certain I wish to
eliminate entirely the corporation, but the idea of an 'artificial person'
as an entity to take the blame for crimes committed by real people is
highly dubious to me. If Monty Burns says, "Let's dump the toxic waste in
the school ground, who cares if some kids die!", then it should be he who
faces criminal charges -- not his corporation which gets fined.
A corporation, like any collective entity, is at best a convenience -- a
way to deal with large numbers of individuals by providing a central
identifying tag. This way, "Motorola Chips" can sell to "Apple Computer",
and the deal remains valid even if the chip-seller at Motorola and the
chip-buyer at Apple quit their jobs, because the contract was not between
those two individuals, but between the companies they represented. But just
as there is in truth no 'society', no 'race', no 'people', there is also,
in truth, no corporation -- it must all come down to individual acts and
individual responsibilities.
Not with the power of government behind them. That's like saying there's
nothing wrong with Joe's Deli asking Vinnie The Torch to pay a little
'visit' to Max's Deli across the street.
You eliminate/marginalize competition by convincing consumers to purchase
your products over theirs. Not by having the government regulate them out
of business. What you're looking at is corporate socialism -- the current
perversion of the 'free market' that America is living under.
