
@_date: 1996-12-02 22:04:53
@_author: LOGOS 
@_subject: Logos here 
Sovereign collegues,
     I am Logos. I have adopted this pseudonym to conceal my
'true name'. I want the ideas which I shall be espousing
to stand or fall on their own merits and not on the basis
of biases that my name, sex, ethnicity, etc. might otherwise
elicit. I hope my contributions to this list will be seen as
positive by most list members.
     I intend to limit my postings to only two meta-topics:
decorum and logic. In other words, the way we speak to each
other and the quality of our argumentation.
     From time to time, I will 'call' posters on their
intemperate use of rude or provocative language. I believe
Cypherpunks should be a market place of ideas, not a forum
for egos and insults.
     The two houses of the American congress have adopted
rules of decorum. Members may be censored or expelled for
personal attacks and verbal abuse of other members. This
was mandated for a very practical reason. It was realized
that insults, profanity, 'fighting words', etc. could get so
out of hand that they could interfer with the legitimate
work of the congress. While some might say that in the case
of the congress, this would be a good thing, I believe in
the case of Cypherpunks, it is a bad thing.
     I, therefore, call upon each Cypherpunk list members to
personally adopt such a code of conduct for themselves.  If
Democrats can refer to Representative Gingrich as 'my
esteemed collegue' and Republicans can talk about the
'honorable' Ted Kennedy, I see no reason that we cannot
treat Tim May and Dimitry Vilus with similar respect and
courtesy.  What is at stake is far more important than egos.
Cypherpunks defeated Clipper, but of late they have only
defeated themselves.
     The average reader of this list has sufficient
education and intelligent to understand the most informal
logical falacies. Yet one sees such falacies committed here
with disapointing regularity. I will post definitions of the
most common falacies and will use examples found on this
list as illustrations. If we are to be persuasive among
ourselves and with others, we need to be rigorous in our
thought processes.
I would be honored to hear your thoughts on this post.
Logos out.

@_date: 1996-12-03 22:06:37
@_author: logos 
@_subject: No Subject 
I shall endevor to do my best.  Initially, I shall only
comment on the most flagrant violations.  90+% should be
Worst first.
Yes, the congress is the sole determiner of the
qualifications of its members.
Adam Clayton Powell.
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-03 22:12:26
@_author: logos 
@_subject: No Subject 
I respectfully ask that the author of this post contact
me.  I am curious about his or her motives and would
appreciate it if he or she would address these questions:
     1) Why are you attacking Tim May?  Has he harmed you in
some way?
     2) Do you think such posts harm Tim May or help you in
some fashion?
     3) What do you hope to accomplish by these posts?
     4) Do you favor the use of strong cryptography to
preserve privacy?
     5) If Yes, do you think such posts are constructive to
that end? If No, is it your intent that your posts harm the
cause of strong cryptography and privacy?
     6) Why have you chosen to hide your true identity?
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-03 22:14:17
@_author: logos 
@_subject: No Subject 
My warmest thanks to Blanc Weber for 'beating me to the
punch' about 'Sir Galahad's' thoughtful analysis. His post
is the sort of give and take which focuses debate and
raises the level of intellectual discourse. Thank you, 'Sir
Galahad' and Blanc Weber. I hope other posters to this list
can emulate your examples.
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-03 22:30:08
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Re: "Just call the police"...yeah, right 
The name of the informal logical fallacy Tim May has *not*
made is 'argumentum ad hominem' (literally, 'an argument to the man'; attacking one's opponent rather than dealing
with the subject under discussion; aka name calling).
Having said that, while Tim May has not committed a logical
fallacy, neither has he advanced a logical argument.  He
has merely stated his conclusory opinion of the other
person's comment.  By itself, it adds little or nothing of substance to the argument.
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-03 23:34:12
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Re: Logos here 
Perhaps you should suspend judgment until you have the
opportunity to evaluate the content of my posts.  What are
you antagonistic to the use of honorifics?
     Yes, that and other catagorizations which are irrelevant to the primary focus of this list.
     'Decorum' has to do with polite behaviour.  While I was certainly remiss in my hasty spelling of your name, it was not intentional, therefore not a lack of decorum. I
do apologize for my negligence. I shall endeavor to spell
you name correctly in the future.
     I'm not sure I understand the relevance of this comment. Was it made in response to my error in spelling? In any case, it is a good example of the informal logical fallacy of 'over generalization'. As I understand it, there are circa 1000 people subscribed to Cypherpunks.  To paint
an entire group with such a characterization is both
illogical and unfair. I also question your use of the
word 'uncouth'.  I have seen no posts on Cypherpunks
that were any more 'uncultured; crude; or boorish' than
those posted by you.  I am not saying that uncouth posts
have not been made by others, but it is disingenuous for
one to judge others by a standard that one does not apply
to one's self.
I could be wrong, but I believe this was done as an intentional parody of your own similar posts. If it is
illogical for Paul Bradley to do this, does it not follow
that is was illogical when you did it as well?
It is obvious to me that you are an intelligent person.
I am concerned, however, with your apparent intellectual
dishonesty.  It would appear that you know perfectly well
that your posts serve no purpose in the cause of promoting
privacy through the use of cryptography.  It is hard to
draw any other conclusion then that you are intentionally
being provocative for the purpose of disrupting the work
of this list.  If this is not so, I apologize, but how
else can we judge your actions?  Please step outside of
yourself for a moment and give us an honest self-assessment
of your behavior and the motives behind it.
Respectfully yours,
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-04 07:16:04
@_author: logos 
@_subject: No Subject 
It is obvious that you, Dimitri Vulis, intend to be
disruptive to the operation of this list. I have politely
asked you several specific questions about your motives.
     I am politely asking you again, Dimitri Vulis, why are
you unwilling to rationally and politely discuss whatever
grievances you have with specific Cypherpunks? I believe
you are capable of rational discourse, you allegedly have
some academic credentials so you must have a passing
familiarity with formal debate. Why are you unwilling to
join this discussion with anything other than immature
insults? If the facts are on your side, a reasonable demeanor can only enhance your arguments. If the facts
are not on your side, why can you not graciously admit you
are wrong and withdraw your accusations.
     I have been unfailingly polite to you. Do you have it
within your character to respond to me in kind?
     Thank you for your attentions to this matter.
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-04 18:55:38
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Politeness 
I think it was neither polite nor impolite. It was
a innocent transposition error.
     Correcting the error and apologizing were polite,
however. Do you disagree?       I have already raised the question of your apparent
lack of intellectual honesty in that you seem to not apply the same rules of conduct on yourself as you would on others. In English there is the saying, 'what is sauce for the goose, is sauce for the gander'. I note that you have spelt my name as 'logos'. As it is a proper noun in the usage and I have spelt it with the 'L', I would ask you if you consider this spelling of my name to be polite?
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-04 20:37:06
@_author: logos 
@_subject: for future reference 
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-04 22:12:26
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Intellectual dishonesty 
Yes I do recall some of those statements.  Since you
feel that those 'attacks' were inappropriate, is it not
intellectually dishonest to engage in such 'attacks' yourself?  If it was wrong for them, how can it be right
for you?       If your age, sex, sexual preference, race, ethnicity,
mother tongue, nationality, etc. are irrelevant to the discussions on this list, what possible justification is
there for you to raise such issues in my case? To which you replied:
     This is truly a non-sequitor. I am sure you know better than this.  Tim May is responsible for his actions;
you are responsible for yours. Taken to it's logical
conclusion, if Tim were to murder a random Russian immigrant, you would be justified in killing a random
native American.       As I said before, you are obviously too smart to seriously entertain such an irrational viewpoint. Thus
it is difficult to draw any conclusion other then that
you are rationalizing your inappropriate behaviour.
     Actually, I read it quite thoroughly.
     Again, would you please explain the logical basis
for committing the same abuses you cite from others?  I
would think you would seek to distance yourself from such
behavior, rather than to exceed it.  The inappropriate abuse of the 1000 members of this list by others can in no way excuse their further abuse by you.       No, I want intellectual honesty. But even if I look upstairs from toad.com and find intellectual dishonesty, how would that in any way mitigate your apparent intellectual dishonesty? Are you arguing that one is
somehow dependent on, or the result of the other?  This
makes no sense to me.  Does it to you?      The above does not appear to make sense. Did you leave
something out? It is unclear to me how rude and provocative
personal attacks and broad, unkind generalizations about Cypherpunk list members defends freedom of speech, protects
privacy or promotes cryptography. Would you please explain
the rationale behind your actions?
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-04 22:31:56
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Re: Logos -vs- Vulis 
Sorry for the noise, but could Logos be specific as to the fallacy in
each item he/she is addressing?  I thought that was the purpose of
the Logos character.
     I indicated in my original post that I would be
addressing both logic and decorum. With regard to the
questions above, I was asking Dimitri Vulis to give a
more detailed explanation of his thinking process.  Once
some of his assumptions are made explicit, it will be
easier to make meaningful comments about the rigor of his
reasoning process.
     It was never my intent to nit pick about every bit
of sloppy reasoning by every poster to Cypherpunks. Rather,
I am trying to elevate the general level of discourse via
selective commentary and (hopefully) by example.
     If Dale Thorn, or anyone else, feels that a more rigourous attention to logic and/or decorum is called for,
I heartily welcome your participation.
Logos out

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:56:26
@_author: logos 
@_subject: Re: Logos -vs- Vulis 
Reasonable minds can differ on this subject. I think
decorum must come first. We must first stop 'shouting'
before logic may be heard.
Logos out
