
@_date: 1997-07-26 02:00:46
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Tim, if you think that no web site are unambiguously inappropriate for
children, then you are in a state of denial.  However, while I don't
expect to change your mind on that point, let me set the record straight
on your note.  I don't favor RSACi or other PICS systems.  I think these
are a mistake, and should be resisted.  However, I do favor a far less
ambitious and less informative system (less is more, as far as I am
concerned), which involves a simple, single voluntary tag, selected by
the web page publisher, at their discretion, of the nature of I think this is quite different from RSACi or SafeSurf's system, for the
reasons mentioned by my missive to Jonah.     Jamie

@_date: 1997-07-27 02:19:41
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
People who "mislabel"?   I am only proposing a tag for rating=adult.
I guess someone could put a rating=adult tag on a page that didn't need
it, but who would care?  Not me.     Suppose on the other hand that someone had a page that people thought
should have a rating=adult tag.  Well, the person who didn't use the tag
would just have to deal with whatever crap you would get for not
labeling.  If you thought your site had some constitutional right not to
label the content adult, then just don't label it.  I really don't think
this will be that big an issue, but I don't know (no one knows).  I
think that a significant percent of porn sites would use the
rating=adult label in a second if they thought it would get people off
their back.  Those that didn't use the label could just put up with the
consequences, whatever they are.  I would expect (and hope) that the
rating=adult label would be used infrequently, mostly for sites
involving explicit sexual images.  I don't think a rating=adult label
would be much of a barrier to teenagers who wanted access to this type
of material, since one could download a browsers in a few minutes that
wouldn't block the data.  But like a childproof top on aspirin, it would
work pretty well with pre-teens, I imagine.
    Well, I for one don't like a Y=7 type system.  It involves too much
information from the person rating the wage page.  The more precision
you put in a rating system, the more trouble you get in.  Keep it
simple, very simple.  What if someone was a sex with sheep web site,
unlabeled?  I don't care much.  I wouldn't be surprised, however, if
Yahoo didn't give them the prominent listing they wanted, in the absence
of the rating=adult label.      Maybe.  Maybe not.  Maybe it would "solve" the problem, without
legislation.   I think it would be nice if the problem was solved
without legislation. But if the problem (and I think there is a problem)
isn't solved voluntarily, don't be shocked when Congress acts.        Are you calling me a lazy parent?  What is the obligation of a
parent?  To supervise a kids web browsing?  Please, I think kids are
better off with more privacy, and less parental (and teacher)
supervision when they browse the web.       This simply isn't true.  A lot of support for content labeling,
including systems which I find appalling, is from fairly typical
parents.  This isn't a right wing or born again issue.      Nothing will satisfy everyone.  But reasonable people will support
reasonable solutions, and it might be the case that there are enough
reasonble people around to come up with a resonable system.
               Jamie

@_date: 1997-07-28 23:07:51
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
This "crap" and "consequences" are what is happening before your
eyes.  Law enforcement efforts, new legislation, complaints by church
groups, parents -- pressure on Yahoo and other searching sites, etc.,
being called names.
      Why label it then?  I won't.  I think people should resist labels
on text.  99 percent of the concerns over web pages has to do with
graphics..... I would suggest dealing with the most obvious and
legitimate complains, but drawing a line where it made sense too.      I don't know the Thomases, but did they get "multiple years in
prison" for mislabeling?  Or for something else?
     Why would you want to label a book?  There isn't a demand for this
in bookstores and libraries.  Why do this on the Web?
         I think labeling of text, in general, is a very bad idea.  I
can imagine some cases where authors might want to label some text with an adult tag.  But I don't really think this is
something that should be encouraged.  I don't think this is the hot
button issue that graphics (and films) are.
   Well, one might see various forms of mandatory labeling.   And indeed
one might see more and more pressure for more and more complex and
objectional forms of labeling (labeling that seeks to provide more and
more "information" about the content").     What is your strategy to avoid RSACi type systems?  To persuade
parents that there is no need to censor kids from graphic images of
sexual acts?  Good luck.  Or to suggest something which addresses the
obvious problems, and takes the steam out of the more ambitious labeling
systems?  Or to hope that the status quo survives because it is too
difficult to construct an alternative (the stategy that most
antilabeling people seem to be relying upon)?            Jamie

@_date: 1997-07-28 23:26:40
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
I'm not labeling  but of course, why would I want to?
However, there are lots of people who want to signal the adult nature of
thier web site, of course, judging from the "don't go here if you are't
21" type messages they put on them.  A good, simple adult tagging system
would help these guys do what they apparently already want to do, which
is to signal that the sites are inappropriate for children.  +
    Jamie

@_date: 1997-07-29 03:23:13
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: "What is your strategy to avoid RSACi type systems?" 
Tim, on the one hand, you seem to be saying that you have
constitutional rights, which would make the government's enforcement of
labeling systems illegal.  On the other hand, you seem to express
concern that the government will succeed at making such labeling
mandatory.  I'm not sure which case you believe to be true, or if you
are still unsure how courts will rule on this issue down the road.      The AI programs like Surfwatch have to rely upon text, because they
aren't smart enough to read the images.      But more generally, the whole censorware software industry is
feeding off the inefficiency of present adult labeling systems.  You
actually need a censorware program to filter stuff that is already
voluntarily labeled by the porn sites, because the *current* voluntary
system doesn't work very well (it is not standardized enough).     Regarding Huck Finn or any number of other disputes where various
groups seek to force adult labels (or the more complex RSACi or Safesurf
labels) on a wider array of information products, it would seem that
these problems are going to simmer along, as they have in the past.  But
the real problem comes when the society reaches a critical mass to do
something, particularly at the national or international level, when the
Internet is concerned.  I doubt that Huck Finn is going to be the
defining issue of this debate.           At various points, things are more or less voluntary.  I run
about 12 Internet discussion lists.  Most lists are open and
unmoderated.  I have never removed someone from one of the lists, or
established "rules" for list behavior.  At one point earlier this year,
a member of one list was acting pretty strange, and was very hostile,
trying to drive everyone off the list who he didn't approve of.  Off
list harassment, online insults, very repetitive posts, etc.  He kept
pointing out that there were no rules that would require him to act more
civil, and that he was free to do whatever he wanted on the list.  This
was true, at the time.  But after a long period of trying to deal with
this, it was becoming less true.  I was getting fed up, and ready to
make some damn rules, and boot him off the list if he didn't follow
them.  Turned out that he backed off before it came to this.  My point
is that if people who use the Internet make the occasional effort to be civil, to respect others, etc.... then it isn't necessary to make
very many rules.  But when you have endless commercial spamming, or make
no effort to make it easy to filter porn from k-12 classrooms, then you
may end up with more rules that you might want.  In this sense, rules
will be result of a failure to solve problems informally.
      Voluntary is also something that means different things to
different people.  I try not to litter, because I like to live in a
clean environment.   I reframe from all sorts of behavior in public
places, not only because of legal sanctions, but also to be considerate
to others who are using the same space.
    I think that the cyber porn debate would be more of less ended if
there was an agreement of the standard meta tag for adult material.
    But I don't see this happening.  The debate is so polarized, and
people are trying to prove so many different things, that it seems
unlikely that there would be much of a constituency for what I am
    For one thing, I think there is a big difference between a simple
rating=adult system, used on tiny number of porn sites, and the more
ambitious RSACi or other PICS systems.  It seems to me that you think
they are basically equivalent (trying not to put words in your mouth).
    Could be that this whole debate is much ado about nothing, since
nobody wants to to use the RSACi system, and maybe the incompetence of
those who want to be rating bureaus will delay action on this for
years.      Jamie
James Love | Center for Study of Responsive Law
P.O. Box 19367 | Washington, DC 20036 | 202.387.8030
 | love

@_date: 1997-07-31 02:12:01
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Well, if persuasion is "not necessary," then why do you care about
anyone's views on this?
    On your other point, I really don't agree that is morally wrong to
take steps to prevent children from having access to pornography. People may propose ways of doing this which are objectionable, but the
basic goal is hardly immoral.  Indeed, many think it is immoral not to
protect children.
                Jamie
James Love | Center for Study of Responsive Law
P.O. Box 19367 | Washington, DC 20036 | 202.387.8030
 | love

@_date: 1997-07-31 03:36:42
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Paul. Do you *have* any children?  Jamie
James Love | Center for Study of Responsive Law
P.O. Box 19367 | Washington, DC 20036 | 202.387.8030
 | love

@_date: 1997-07-25 11:41:12
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Thanks for asking this question.  I think it is important.  I would
have the labeling system be something that suits the publisher of the
web page.  The web page publisher would decide if he or she wanted to
label the site as adult.  There wouldn't be a great gray center, in the
sense that the author/owner of the web page would make the decision to
label or not label.  Why would anyone label?  As you know, most porn
sites already have labeling out the whazoo.  (how is this spelled?)  The problem is that the label takes so many different forms, browsers
can't filter the current labels, and that is why we have so much
interest in cybersiter and other AI programs.  This would make their
existing voluntary labeling systems actually work.  The simpler the
tagging system, and the less information it conveys, the less likely it
could be used to create a much more grandiose content labeling system. This is a pragmatic proposal.  I think it makes sense.
                  Jamie

@_date: 1997-07-28 07:02:03
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Let me you way out on a limb, and suggest the following entries, from an
infoseek search for the workd PICS, would be unabiguously inappropriate
for children.
    I don't think I need much justification to suggest that "the
ultimate in anal, double anal, double penetration, sloppy oral, and
gangbang action" is unsuitable for viewing by "a certain class of
people," --- namely children.  Do you seriously dispute this?  If so,
there isn't much point in debating this.           What I suggested was a system where you either label it adult,
or you don't label it at all.  I certainly wouldn't think anyone would
get punished for labeling a site adult if it was suitable for children. As for a failure to label for adult content, I think the consequences
should be pretty obvious.  You have community and church groups pissed
off.  You have law enforcement officials from various countries pissed
off.  You have parents pissed off.  You have legislators pissed off. That's what is going on now.  Why one would want to encourage this is
beyond me.  Maybe fighting for the right to show  the "ultimate in anal,
double anal, double penetration" to children has redeeming value that I
don't appreciate.        There are lots of government and non-government sanctions that
could come into play for those who don't take reasonable steps to make
it easier to censor some content for children.  This is just the way the
world is.  It's like a state of nature.  It's human nature.  It is
undoubtely the majority view.  Even if one completely disagreed with the
idea of censoring "gangbang action" for children, you might find it a
good strategy, in order to avoid worse outcomes, such RSACi, Safesurf or
other PICS type rating systems.
     But if you think it is really important to fight for the rights of
9 year olds to see such materials in schools and libraries (where a lot
of the battles are being fought today), then go right ahead.  Good
luck.        Jamie
James Love | Center for Study of Responsive Law
P.O. Box 19367 | Washington, DC 20036 | 202.387.8030
 | love

@_date: 1997-10-23 13:00:21
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Proof IE4 not an OS, was Re: Bill Gates, the Bully Savior 
Nifty comment by Michael McMain on JavaLobbyCafe
A friend at work made an interesting point about MS's claim that IE4 is
simply an OS extension and not an application.  All the DA has to do is
turn on a Power Mac, start IE4, turn to MS and say "So what other parts
of your OS run on the Macintosh exactly?".

@_date: 1997-11-26 02:23:34
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft's compelled speech, compelled marketing 
Declan, what exactly is that "claim" that you refer to?  Are you
referring to my note on AM-INFO that DOJ filed against Microsoft without
consulting the White House?  (Something that has been reported in the
press..  WSJ?).  Or is there something else you are referring to.  I
don't think I would say any antitrust action is "divorced" from
politics, including this one.    Jamie

@_date: 1997-11-26 12:54:50
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft's compelled speech, compelled marketing 
> Declan,
    I have worked on several antitrust issues over the past several
years.  My first serious attempt to stop a a merger involved tbe Thomson
purchase of West Publishing, for $3.4 billion.  This involved 2 of the
three large legal publishers (West was number 1).  West publishing was a
privately owned firm.  The largest shareholders were the Opperman
family.  The Opperman family gave Clinton and other democratic party
funds more than $300k during the merger review, directly, and raised
more from third parties.  Vance Opperman had coffee with Clinton and
dinner with Gore during the review.  Earlier Vance had approached
Clinton at a fundraiser to intervene in a Reno antitrust investigation
of West (which was dropped).  The merger was approved, after a
compulsory license and some modest divestitures (we were quite unhappy
with the result).
   We opposed the Bell Atlantic/Nynex merger (we didn't do as much as we
should).  Bell Atlantic has so much capitol hill juice they were able to
hold up Klein's nomination, basically until the merger was approved.
   We opposed the Staples/Office Depot merger, and were quite active. This was before the FTC.  Staples launched a very large PR campaign,
with some hill lobbying, but the FTC held its ground, and the merger was
   We opposed the Boeing/McDonnell Douglas merger.  Not only did the FTC
permit the merger without any strings (Numbers 1 and 3 in a 3 firm
market with huge entry barriers), but Bill Clinton personally lobbied
the EC to approve the merger, and sent a delegation to Brussels, which
included Joel Klein, the DOJ antitrust head, to argue against
divestiture of the McDonnell Douglas civilian airline business.
    I've worked on other mergers, including  mergers in the railroad
industry, the hospital industry, and the pharmaceutical industry, and I
have been involved in other antitrust issues, such as in attempts to get
the FCC to make cable systems unbundle set top boxes, and create cross
ownership rules between cellular and PCS, and cable and DBS.  In
virtually every case politics played a role.   Typically, the incumbent
firms, or the one that want to merger, have the most influence,
    Thus, I was surprised to hear Declan say that we thought politics
didn't play a role in antitrust actions against Microsoft.  There are
many areas where politics come into play.  Gore sent his daughter to
work for Microsoft during the DOJ investigation.  Microsoft has rallied
its troops, starting with the Washington state delegation, they have
also picked up players like Vin Weber to talk with Ginrich, and they are
involved in countless other attempts to influence the Congress and the
executive branch.  Microsoft's competitors have been active too. Senator Hatch is obviously concerned about what MS had done to Novell
and Wordperfect.  The stakes are high, and there is a lot going on. That doesn't mean politics is the whole ball game.  Public opinion is a
big factor, as is the opinion of experts or reasonably informed persons.
   It is generally difficult to get DOJ or the FTC to bring an antiturst
action against anyone.  The Microsoft case is very high profile, for
many reasons.  Now that DOJ is engaged, I would expect them to make
every effort to prevail on the narrow issue before the court.  Who knows
if DOJ will be interested in pursuing the broader issues about MS's use
of the OS to gain leverage in applicaitons markets.  There is a lot
still up in the air.   Jamie

@_date: 1997-12-04 06:18:36
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Declan, apparently having missed the fab 50's, seems to be enjoying his
use of the "leftist" word lately.  Since this seems to mean quite
different things to different persons, perhaps Mr. McCullagh can define
his terms.  What exactly is a "leftist" in 1997, in his opinion?
    Jamie
   [snip]

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:10:21
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
A "big government fetishist" is cute, but it seems fairly
non-specific.  Are moral majority types leftists?  Are the supporters of
the Department of Commerce leftists?  Are supporters of a bloated
defense department leftists?  Can't get enough of that CIA funding
leftists?  IMF supporters are leftists?  FED lovers are leftists? Groups that lobby for higher crop supports are leftists?  S&L bail out
supporters are leftists?  Supporters of GATT are leftists?  Are
supporters of more NIH funding leftists?  (how about the PhRMA support
for this?)  Supporters of aggressive new government programs to define
(and enforce) new Intellectual Property rights are leftists?
    I think the term "leftists" must mean something more than "a big
government fetishist."  Frankly, I know of few persons who are
consistently advocates of big government, but I know lots of groups,
many certainly not leftists, who have their favorite government
   Maybe, however, you think all these folks are leftists?     Jamie

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:39:06
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
In fact, there was quite a bit of red baiting in the 60's.  We (this
country) actually fought a war in Vietnam, in part because many American
political leaders didn't want to be accused of being soft on communism. Red baiting, making non substantive and usually irrelevant accusations
about one's values (and loyalties), was a popular sport then, for
certain demagogues.  Nixon was good at this, in both decades.
    In the late 60s and early 70's, there was also a time when anyone
with a necktie was in danger of being called a fascist.  Much of this
wasn't anything to be proud of either.
    The 90's don't seem to me to be a period when labels from the early
part of this century are the most telling.  I'm often surprised to find
what people really think or want, once you move away from older battles
or stereotypes.  I think its safe to say that stalin-like communism
isn't an appealing future for anyone I know.       I find these increasingly frequent references to "leftists" or
"fellow travelers" (something I recall from an earlier thread) a bit
odd.  One one sense, it is a form of content labeling, designed to get
people to filter out or ignore certain information.  On the other hand,
it seems designed to polarize communities that often have much in
common, even as they disagree on other points.      Mr. McCullagh isn't the only one who does this.  I'm sure I do this
in my own way, from time to time.  But perhaps from having lived through
more decades (and fads) than Mr. McCullagh, I increasingly find this
counter productive.     Jamie

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:34:01
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
I didn't think the big government fetish answer was very good.  I
don't want to put words in your mouth.  But if you think you can really
explain what constitutes a leftist, in your view, I'm ready to read it.
    Jamie

@_date: 1997-12-04 11:54:26
@_author: James Love 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
Don't get me wrong.  I think the right left dichotomy does continues to
have meaning in some contexts, and when appropriate, it would make sense
to describe me as left (certainly by some contemporary standards).   I
just don't think of this is the only way to think about what is going on
today, and for many issues that I work on day to day, it predicts next
to nothing, in terms of who supports what.  Here are some examples.  I
have been working on a very wide range of issues relating to
intellectual property, since 1990.  I don't really see most of the
alliances on those issues well defined by a right left dichotomy.  I
work on a number of privacy issues too.  And I don't think anyone could
describe the alliances on privacy issues as having much to do with a
right left dichotomy.  Freedom of Information and right to know issues
(Ralph Nader was the single most important actor in getting the modern
FOIA laws) have a very broad constituency.  Access to government
information over the Internet?  The pro-access coalition is very broad. I work on issues relating to pricing of digital telephone services (ISDN
and various unbundling issues relating to xDSL pricing).  Except for a
handful of zero government true believers, this doesn't end up being a
left right issue either.  Should cable be permitted to control DBS
spectrum?  Not a right left issue.  Should South Africa be permitted to
import pharmacuetical drugs (parallel imports)?  There are big
commerical interests lobbying on this, but I don't think of the
fundemental issues as right left.  I'm certainly on the side of the CATO
institute on this one.  Is Microsoft engaged in anticompetitive
practices?  A hot topic, certainly, but the persons who are concerned
with Microsoft are a pretty broad coalition, in terms of traditional
ideological labels.
Now, if one sees the burning issue of the day the fight to rid the world
of government as we know it, maybe right left labels make sense.  By
defining both the left and the right as groups who advocate increasing
government control over private actions, you describe what seems most
important to you.  I found this characterization of "leftists" as
shallow as Declan's, however.
    Jamie
