
@_date: 1995-09-22 13:52:27
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Another Netscape Bug (and possible security hole) 
Better yet, ban both strncpy and strncat.  Replace them with
differently-named routines (strbcpy and strbcat?) that, given a buffer
length, are GUARANTEED to always give you a properly terminated string
that (including the terminator) does not overflow the specified
Even better, use a good string class that does all this automatically
all the time.

@_date: 1995-10-27 12:30:13
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: MD4-derived hash functions 
I believe you meant 2DES?  I've not heard of a meet in the middle
attack on 2-key 3DES better than brute force of a 112-bit key.
Even for 2DES, or for 3-key 3DES, doesn't a meet in the middle attack
require on the order of 2^56 words of memory?  This, as a practical
matter, makes a brute-force attack much more difficult than it would
appear at first glance.

@_date: 1995-11-01 02:22:27
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
I presume you mean SHA-1.
I would prefer to see MD5 deleted.  A 128 bit hash simply seems too
marginal in length for long term use in most hash applications.  I
would much rather see something like Haval as a second hash algorithm.
It can be faster than MD5, and can easily be tailored to the hash
width you want.  If 128 bit hashes are really needed, use Haval's
128-bit option.

@_date: 1995-11-01 07:13:35
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
Agreed, but that doesn't make it appropriate here.
Why?  Is there some REAL requirement that HTTP-NG be implementable
using only RSAREF for crypto?
No argument -- but it's still too short for most hash applications.
I'd much rather see hashes that everyone agrees are more than long
enough for the forseeable future  -- and I don't think you'll find
that consensus for MD5.
Of course, whether a particular hash is as secure as it can be for a
given length is a separate question.
Thanks for the pointers.

@_date: 1995-10-10 10:14:09
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
Pardon my French, but if your lawyers make it impossible to do
technical work correctly, isn't it time to get new lawyers?  I can't
see how offering a reward for reporting bugs could possibly be
objectionable to any rational lawyer.
This can be a VERY useful (and very inexpensive) debugging technique.
Didn't Knuth offer a cash reward to the first person to find each typo
in his "Fundamental Algorithms" series -- and then doubled the amount
each year?
It can also be a very useful teaching tool, in that it encourages
users to explore little-used corners of a system.
I applaud any company that has the guts to do it.

@_date: 1995-10-10 10:35:16
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Making it more difficult to forge cancels (was: Re: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m) 
I like this a lot, except:
If B doesn't add a Cancel-Lock to each article he sends, he loses the
ability (because of Alice's Cancel-Lock) to cancel his own articles.
Cancel-Locks should only be added (or honored?) if the message
contains a Cancel-Lock from the originator.
I'd also like to suggest that added Cancel-Locks be generated from
something less than the full message -- perhaps from just the message
ID.  Intermediate sites are unlikely to maintain full copies of all
messages, and ought to be able to generate cancels in response to a
(possibly corrupted) copy returned to postmaster from another site.

@_date: 1995-12-12 16:56:56
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Timing Attacks 
Smart card have one major advantage, though.  During these types of
operations, a smart card will be totally dedicated to the crypto.
Calculating the maximum possible delay for a given key size should be
relatively easy.
Most single-chip micros also have a timer that could be readily
dedicated to counting out this maximum possible delay, and the result
held only that long.  This could, on an 8051 (as a fairly typical
example) be easily controlled (with a 1-instruction loop) to within 2
instruction cycles.  Given another dozen or so instructions, it can be
controlled to a single fixed delay.
Where minimum and maximum delays only differ by 1% or so for a given
key size, no one will ever notice the extra time required to hold the
result for the maximum possible delay.

@_date: 1995-12-15 20:29:58
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: ADDRESS DATABASE? 
These CD-ROMs can be searched for most any combination of name, street
name, city, state, zip and area code.
Given a relatively uncommon name and a zip code, it's not surprising
they could come up with only one hit.

@_date: 1995-12-26 00:23:04
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: FH radios 
This is nowhere near the limit of the technology.  15 years ago, I was
working on PLLs that would stabilize within a couple degrees of final
phase within 3.5 microseconds.  That permits you to do useful work at
100,000 hops per second.

@_date: 1995-12-29 10:41:50
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Proxy/Representation? 
I would think a power-of-attorney, signed by Helen, would do the
trick.  This would normally be valid for some pre-defined period, for
a pre-defined set of transactions, and would not have to be generated
anew each time.

@_date: 1995-12-10 11:25:43
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Escrow expectations 
My understanding was that, for example, a convicted felon in posession
of a handgun where handguns must be registered could be charged with
being a convicted felon in posession of a firearm.  He could NOT be
charged with posession of an unregistered handgun, because requiring
him to register, when it is illegal for him to posess, is a violation
of his first amendment rights.

@_date: 1996-01-03 21:08:08
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Proxy/Representation? 
There is also something to be said for Helen having a copy of the
revocation certificate for the key.  If Helen believes Dave has or is
likely to overstep his authority, she could then essentially revoke
the power of attorney by revoking the "Dave pp. Helen" key.

@_date: 1996-01-13 07:08:15
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
Yes, very simply.
The remailer could calculate a hash for the body of each encrypted
message received (the same portion which will be decrypted by PGP),
tabulate the last few thousand hashes, and simply discard any messages
with a duplicate hash.  The target of the attack would receive only
the first copy of the message.

@_date: 1996-01-13 08:12:09
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
To refine this a bit further, the hash need not cover the entire
message.  It could be sped up a bit by restricting it to the header
containing the encrypted session key.  Since the session key is
selected randomly, that header (and its hash) should be unique for
every message.
The hash values could also be retained for a fixed period of time --
perhaps 23 hours -- following the most recent receipt of a given hash.
Thus a message could be repeated by the legitimate sender after a
delay of 24 hours, and would be forwarded.  The original sender could
re-encrypt the message (thus changing its hash) earlier than that, and
it would be properly forwarded.  A canned message on the other hand,
being sent from multiple locations, would likely be received more
often than this and not forwarded after the first time, even if each
sender only sent it once a day.
You could even penalize messages for which you've received massive
dupes, by extending the hash retention time by, say, 12 hours for each
dupe received.  If you got a message 100 times in one day, you'd
refuse to forward any duplicates for nearly 2 months.  This would take
care of those on vacation at the time of the original attack, and
those with very slow news feeds.

@_date: 1996-01-13 09:22:24
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb from luzskru@cpcnet.com 
The specific attack referred to had an entire encrypted message, not
just a reply block.  Obviously this solution does not work if only a
reply block is encrypted.
Even worse, it requires manual intervention for each attack unless you
are willing to add reply blocks to the list based simply on the volume
of messages using that reply block.  That could prevent the remailer
network being overwhelmed, but is not likely to be seen as adequate by
the target, who would likely still see the first several dozen
messages before the specified threshold was reached.
There is another related solution for the attack using just a reply
block, however.  The final remailer could collect messages either
using a given reply block, or addressed to a given address, if more
that a few were received in a relatively short period of time.  It
could then forward the first half-dozen or so, along with a note that
another X thousand messages were waiting, and asking if the intended
recipient wanted them forwarded or trashed.
Unfortunately this would not prevent the remailer network from being
overwhelmed.  Perhaps some combination of these solutions would be
required -- rationing based on the reply block at each remailer, and
collection & recipient notification at the final remailer.

@_date: 1996-01-21 12:29:31
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: HAVAL (was Re: crypto benchmarks) 
I didn't see your original post, but did see Deranged's response.  I
would be interested to see whatever you come up with.
On Sat, 20 Jan 1996 16:57:07 +0000, Deranged Mutant
The reference implementation is TERRIBLE for small caches.  You can
shrink it significantly, however, by simply looping 4x across code
that does the basic round operation for each of the 8 rotations --
something like:
  for( i = 4; --i; )
  { FF_1(t7, t6, ...);
    FF_1(t6, t5, ...);
    FF_1(t5, t4, ...);
    FF_1(t4, t3, ...);
    FF_1(t3, t2, ...);
    FF_1(t2, t1, ...);
    FF_1(t1, t0, ...);
    FF_1(t0, t7, ...);
  }
The basic macro for this is almost unchanged from the reference
You can shrink it even further by, instead of coding the basic macro 8
times for each round, writing a round step that works on an array of 9
words (out of an array of 16), using 8 words as input and producing
the ninth as output.  You then have a two-level loop that invokes this
4x8 times, walking your working set 1 element in the array each time,
and every 8 passes moving the 8 current variables back where they
The first pass through the loop, you use elements 15..8 as input, and
produce element 7.  The second pass, you use elements 14..7 as input,
and produce element 6, etc.  After 8 passes, you move elements 7..0
back up to 15..8, and start the inner loop over.
Alternatively, you can begin with an array of 40 words (only 8 of
which contain data), use a single loop that invokes the basic
processing 32 times, walk your working set 1 word each time, and only
move the working set back where it belongs at the end of the full

@_date: 1996-01-27 01:17:46
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft's CryptoAPI - thoughts? 
No problem on a LaserJet 4M.
I tried printing the Word version from WordView, also, and ran into
major problems.  It absolutely insisted on setting the printer to
manual feed, and when I tried to print the odd-numbered pages,
WordView crashed complletely.
Maybe that's why I couldn't extract odd & even-numbered pages.

@_date: 1996-01-28 23:41:54
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
Color me VERY skeptical.  The Japanese ships were WELL over the
horizon from any point on Oahu.  OTH radars are quite difficult to
build effectively, and radar technology at the end of 1941 was quite

@_date: 1996-01-29 09:25:15
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
How pray tell is a person in Canada supposed to know that?  I (in the
US) certainly had no idea Germany had such a law.
Are you saying that, if I ran a bookstore, and accepted international
mail orders, I would have to screen every order to ensure I did not
ship something offensive to the German government?  And if I did fill
such an order, and without ever having set foot in Germany, I could be
arrested on my next trip to Europe, extradited to Germany, and
imprisoned for doing something that is constitutionally protected in
the US?
Alternatively, what if I were to post to usenet a message denying the
Holocaust, and one person in Germany retrieved that message.  Would I
then be subject to arrest and extradition to Germany?
Mike Duvos wrote in another message:
If in fact this is merely a judicial interpretation of an apparently
unrelated law, it just plain ridiculous to expect people in other
countries to be aware of it.
If this is really what Germany wants, then it sounds like time to
totally cut Germany off from the internet, simply in self
preservation.  No one can reasonably be expected to research even the
clearly-written laws worldwide that might conceivably apply in such
cases, much less far-fetched judicial interpretations of such laws.
Olmur continued:
I, on the other hand, find this QUITE astonishing.  His actions were
legal in both Canada and Denmark (probably everywhere in the world
except Germany), and he did nothing in Germany.
Of course, I find the US actions in kidnapping people in other
countries quite indefensible also, but at least in those cases the
persons involved clearly knew they were violating at least US law, and
in most cases were violating their local laws as well.

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:18:48
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: "German service cuts Net access" (to Santa Cruz) 
Agreed.  I'll not be posting further on this topic here.  If you'd
care to pursue this E-mail, I have no objection.
If so, then they have the power to make that decision, and to
(largely) enforce it.  By doing so, however, they would (and should)
lose all the benefits of the internet as well.
I would argue that ANY country which actively tries to restrict
information providers in other countries through these "long arm of
the law" tactics, ought to be banished from the internet. If France wants to outlaw postings in English, I have no legitimate
right to complain -- so long as they limit it to postings from France.
If they were to begin arresting those from England, or Canada, or the
US, however, for posting in English, they would have gone too far.
Attempting to limit what comes into your country via filtering,
restrictions on your own carriers, prosecution of your own citizens or
other residents of your country for violations of your own laws, etc.
is one thing.  Trying to apply your laws to those in other countries,
however, is quite another.
Developing tools to access information is worthwhile.  But successfull
attacks on those providing information makes access tools worthless.
If the information simply isn't there, all the nice access tools in
the world can't create it.

@_date: 1996-01-21 20:04:42
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: "Trustworthy" PGP Timestamping Service ?? 
They were a month ago, at least.  Their patent was re-issued 5/30/95
(# R34,954).
I would be very surprised if it did.  Haber & Stornetta's work is
based on building a tree of hashes for all documents within a given
time period (1 second in their commercial service), and then chaining
the hashes for successive time periods.  Once a week they publish one
hash from the chain in the New York Times, and have been doing so for
many years.  The certificate apparently consists of the hashes from
the root of the tree to your document, plus one hash for each branch
not taken along that route.  This permits you to verify that the hash
for the time period was indeed partially derived from the document in
question.  As I understand it you then have to check the chain of
hashes for the week, and verify that the ending hash matches the
published value.
To make this whole process more secure, they use a 288 bit hash
created by concatenating an MD5 hash and an SHA hash.
There is no digital signature involved and no information which must
be kept private -- only the hashes.

@_date: 1996-02-06 09:39:05
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Encryption and Backups 
CP backup does not work reasonably under Win95, certainly not under
NT, and Symantec has announced that they are NOT upgrading it, or
Fastback, or Norton backup, all of which they own.

@_date: 1996-02-13 16:37:13
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: 
Bullpuckey.  One could just as legitimately say:
  "If it were properly and legally decided that publication of the
  Los Angeles Times is against "national interest" then the sovereign
  has not only the "right" but the *duty* to block such publication."

@_date: 1996-02-23 02:31:32
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
No, they really haven't.  Their initial post indicated that they are
throwing away some 50% of their generated sets of "random" data.  This
indicates either their random number generator is seriously broken, or
their analysis of the numbers produced is seriously broken.  Either
way, they have a significant problem which they are NOT addressing.
In any truly random data stream, you would expect a certain percentage
of blocks to have statistics outside whatever you decide is the
"typical" range.  If their generator is producing significantly more
or less than the expected number of "atypical" blocks, it is broken.
If is producing about the expected number of such blocks, it is likely
working as designed, and such blocks are still TRULY random.
In any case, throwing away some selected portion of its output is NOT
an appropriate cure for a broken random number generator.
The proper cure is fixing the generator.
As a separate issue, if your cryptosystem has a set of "weak keys" it
may make sense to screen your random numbers to prevent use of such
weak keys.  This, however, appears not to be what IPG is doing.

@_date: 1996-03-09 23:27:36
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: SEAL cipher info requested (something actually list related!) 
Correct.  The paper is "A Software Optimized Encryption Algorithm", by
Phillip Rogaway and Don Coppersmith, pp 56-63 of the proceedings.
It is a fast stream cipher.  The paper reports encryption rates of 7.2
MBytes/Second on a 486-50.

@_date: 1996-03-16 09:22:55
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: Re: Beat Remote Monitor Snooping? 
This is not correct.  I'd suggest you go back and re-read your NTSC

@_date: 1996-03-16 18:52:41
@_author: John Lull 
@_subject: [NOISE] NTSC color encoding 
A detailed discussion of NTSC (or PAL, or SECAM, or any other video
standard) color encoding is hardly cypherpunks material.  I posted to
the list ONLY because I'd hate to see anyone rely on your posting.  A
simple heads-up warning should be enough for most people to realize
they need to look up a more authoritative source if they really need
to know how this stuff works.
If no one replied publicly to such inaccurate postings, the internet
would quickly degenerate to the "Net of a Million Lies" of fiction.
If everyone replied publicly and in excruciating detail to every
off-topic but inaccurate posting, there would be so much noise on the
list very little could be accomplished.  I should, of course, have
added [NOISE] to the subject line in my origial response, and for not
doing so I apologize to the list.
The color components in NTSC (there are 2 of them, not just one) are
carried as essentially double-sideband suppressed carrier signals at
the color subcarrier frequency, both phase-locked to the color bursts,
but with the two carriers in quadrature.  Although the sum of these
signals does vary in phase, it is CLEARLY distinct from a phase
modulated signal since it also varies in amplitude.  A phase-modulated
signal would not do so.
If you feel a burning desire to pursue this further, PLEASE take it to
e-mail.  I'll not be replying to any further posts to the list on this
