
@_date: 1993-03-02 07:30:09
@_author: LONG, technical 
@_subject: Re: ideas on an encrypted BSD filesystem (LONG, technical) 
I've built something that has a similar flavor; it was presented
at the works-in-progress session at the January '93 USENIX conference.
A full paper (and hopefully the released software) will be forthcoming
("any day now").  Here's the abstract that was at USENIX:
A Cryptographic File System
Matt Blaze
AT&T Bell Laboratories
Holmdel, NJ 07733
January 14, 1993
As computing systems (especially distributed ones) grow in size,
issues of data security and privacy become increasingly complex.
Cryptographic techniques can help ensure that data are not read by
unauthorized persons, but most encryption software requires either
that special purpose application software be used or that the user
manually encipher and decipher files as needed.
The Cryptographic File System (CFS) makes it easier to take
advantage, in a secure manner, of file system services (storage,
backup, etc.) on potentially insecure servers and networks.
CFS provides a transparent Unix file system interface to directory
hierarchies which are automatically DES encrypted with user-specified
keys.  Users "attach" an encrypted directory by providing a key, the
name of a directory where the encrypted files are to be stored, and
the name of a cryptographic "mount point" to be created under /crypt.
Directories under /crypt are accessible with all standard system calls
and tools to the users who created them.  The underlying encrypted
files (with encrypted names) can reside on any accessible file system
(including remote file systems such as NFS); routine system
administration tasks, such as file backup and restore, can be
performed on the encrypted directories in the ordinary manner without
knowledge of the key.  When run on a client workstation, CFS ensures
that cleartext is never stored on a disk or transmitted over a
network.  CFS uses a standard portable NFS client interface and has
has been implemented for a variety of Unix platforms.

@_date: 1993-06-03 12:37:34
@_author: for postscript 
@_subject: Unix Crypto File System paper 
Some of you have sent me mail asking about my cryptographic file system
for Unix; it was the subject of a work-in-progress presentation at the
January Usenix conference.  I have a draft of a paper that you may find
helpful; I just got off the phone with our lawyer and finally have the
release to send it out, so if you'd like a copy of the draft, send me
your email (for postscript) or physical (for dead trees) address.  Before
you ask: the software also may be released, but that's a longer
process and it isn't really "ready for prime time" yet anyway.
The paper is just a draft, and also has some bugs in it, but some of it
seems relevant to the discussion here on similar projects for PCish
Here's the abstract:
Although cryptographic techniques are playing an increasingly
important role in modern computing system security, user-level tools
for encrypting file data are cumbersome and suffer from a number of
inherent vulnerabilities.  The Cryptographic File System (CFS) offers
an alternative to ad hoc user-level encryption for protecting file
data.  CFS supports secure storage at the system level through a
standard Unix file system interface to encrypted files.  Users can
associate a cryptographic key with any directories they wish to
protect.  Files in these directories (as well as their pathname
components) are transparently encrypted and decrypted with the
specified key without further user intervention; cleartext is never
stored on a disk or sent to a remote file server.  CFS can use any
available file system for its underlying storage without modification,
including distributed file systems such as NFS.  System management
functions, such as file backup, work in a normal manner and without
knowledge of the key.
This paper describes the design and implementation of CFS under Unix.
Encryption techniques for file system-level encryption are
described, and general issues of cryptographic system interfaces to
support routine secure computing are discussed.

@_date: 1993-08-12 12:18:12
@_author: e.g., the cryptostacker project 
@_subject: Cryptographic File System paper available for ftp. 
A PostScript pre-print of the final version of my paper "A Cryptographic File
System for Unix" is available for anonymous ftp from research.att.com
in the file dist/mab/cfs.ps .  The paper will be presented at the
1st ACM Conference on Communications and Computing Security, November
3-5, Fairfax, VA.
A number of people on this list have seen an early draft; this
is the final version.  Some of the techniques in the paper may be
of general interest to people contemplating file system-level encryption
in other systems (e.g., the cryptostacker project).
